1232
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March t.
charge of his responsible duties, must set his
face forever against any recognition of Inequal-
ity in Human Rights. Other things you may
do; but this you must not do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, when
our fathers placed in the Constitution the clause
by which they determined " that Representa-
tives and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, which shall be determined
by adding to the whole number of free persons,
including those bound to service for a term ol
years, and excluding Indians not taxed, three
fifths of all other persons," they expected_that
in a very brief peri od of time all persons within
the United States would be free. In this they
were most grievously disappointed. _Slavey
not only continued, but by its fostering care
the number of slaves were increased beyond all
expectation and all calculation; and now that
the day of emancipation has come, and come
amid the lives of revolution and civil war ; now
that slavery has gone out in blood, stricken
down by the hands of those who were its pro-
fessed friends—for they opened the civil war
which brought slavery to its end—a new ques-
tion arises, whether this disturbance of the
basis of representation, sudden by act of war,
by the crime of the South, requires an amend-
ment of the Constitution.
The apprehension which lies at the bottom
and which leads.many persons to seek for an
amendment is substantially this: they say the
South is guilty of the crime of bringing on this
war ; the slaves have been set free as a conse-
quence of the war; shall the South reap a ben-
ciil Iroin its own wrong? Shall the South go
into a rebellion against the Government, in
consequence of which her slave population has
been set free and the basis of her repiesenta-
tiou has been increased, and shall she reap an
advantage for her crime ? That is the question.
Now, jMr. President, before I go any further
1 desire to call attention to sonic facts <vhieh 1
think will show that I his apprehension <>f an
increase of the basis of representation in the
South will prove, to be uilliout foundation.
The destruction of the population, both white
•and black, during the ei\il war has been most,
enormous. Of the white population there were
in those States in 1W0 of white males over
twenty years of age about one million six hun-
dred thousand. Nearly one third of that white
population over twenty years of age has per-
ished. As to the black population we have not
the specific facts upon which we fan make a
positive mathematical calculation ; Init we have
i'aets stated to us upon the vcrv highest author-
ity, ami estimates made by gentlemen who have
bad the means of knowing, If it, is possible for
any human being to know, that the actual de-
struction of the black population since INK) has
been at. least twenty-live per cent, of that whole
population. The high olHcersin our own Anny
sidle this, ami give this as their opinion, with-
out any qualification, that. twenty-live per cent.,
one million of the four millions, have perished
already.
Governor Aiken, of South Carolina, who was
recent ly m Washington, made a stat eiiient upon
that subject, and bis opinion is entitled to the
very highest consideration. It is known by all
that he was one of the largest shu eholders in
the State of South Carolina, if not the largest,
lie lias lived in that section of country during
the whole of this civil war. His means of in-
formation are very extended, and he states
most unequivocally that more than a million of
blacks have perished—more than twenty-live
per cent, of their whole number. Hon. Ran-
dall Hunt, of thecity of New Orleans—and I re-
fer to him because he is a Union man and has
been, as I understand, during the whole of this
straggle, and has lived there his whole life—
states also that beyond twenty-live p'-r cent,
of il,em have perislied. Captain Karnes, an-
other gentleman from Louisiana. «bo has been
in the Union Army, been assistant provost
marshal, been sheriff of the counties there,
states to me—and he is writing a communica-
tion on that, subject—-that at least from twenty-
five to thirty per cent, have perished.
These gentlemen go on to give the reasons
why this is so. It is not that they have all
perished in battle, perished directly by wounds
or what may have been inflicted upon them by
the war itself, but wherever the armies of either
the North or South have gone in that country
the whole negro population of the plantations
has been broken up. The able-bodied men
and women have often fled from fright, leaving
the weak, the infants, the children, the old,
the feeble to perish before they could return.
The small-pox, as a disease, has traveled from
the Rappahannock to the Rio Grande among
the colored population, sweeping them by thou-
sands and by hundreds of thousands, and all
the other diseases which gather around camps,
which come from the fact that they are congre-
gated together in crowds, unaccustomed to that
mode of life, have destroyed them. In all
human probability when the next census comes
to be taken and the fearful record is opened
np, appalling as the fact is to us, two fifths of
the colored population will be found to bo in
the ground. It is an appalling fact, Mr. Pres-
ident, but it is a fact which we must look at
and see as it is. 1 tell you it is true as Holy
Writ from all this information directly from
those wdio have been there and have had the
means of information.
Now, Mr. President, the destruction of the
white race, as I have said, has been almost in
equal proportion, not so much, perhaps, among
the women and children, but of the males over
twenty years of age in the South, nearly one
third of the whole have perished. The destruc-
tion of this war upon the southern States is a
destruction compared w ith which we have noth-
ing in the loyal States that can give us any ade-
quate conception. It was estimated by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky, [llr. Gctihuk,] 1 believe,
that at least ten thousand millions of property in
the South had been destroyed by the eivil war.
I ha\ e not gone into the ligares on that subject,
and do not give my own opinion in relation to
tho amount of property destroyed. I suppose
he included in iiis estimate wdiat was supposed
to be the value of the slave property. 1 can-
not speak much from my own knowledge. I
have only made one short trip into the south-
ern States, and some of my friends around me
wore with me on that occasion, in the month
of March last, a year ago.
"We sailed to Hilton Head, and from there to
the city of Chariest on. I never shall forget the
morning of the 120th of March last, as we sailed
into that harbor, just as the sun was rising out
of the Atlantic ocean. We passed by Fort
Smut er and sailed up into the harbor of Charles-
ton. As we approached the city, we sailed along
from dock to dock ami dock to dock tince quar-
ters of a mile before we could lind a dock at
v liich we could make a lauding. They were all
broken up; the piles were rotten; the planks
were rotten, and as we looked over the city, for
about a mile and a half of it solid, scarcely a
building could be seen that had not been in-
jured by the shot and shell that General Gill-
more from behind bis sand batteries, four or
live mib's awa\, had been raining upon that,
devoted city : and as we looked over the whole
city, it seemed to me like the city of the dead.
It certainly was a dead city to all appcarance to
me. That picture of destruction which I there
saw in the city of Charleston gave me some-
thing of a realizing sense of the destruction
which this war has brought upon the southern
Slates.
But 1 do not desire to dwell upon that. The
question of the destruction of property perhaps
has no direct bearing on the question of the
destruction of population : but the population
of the South has been so destro\ed and wasted
and enfeebled in consequence of this war that
1 do not for one. I confess, feel those appre-
hensions which home etuerLun that if they are
admitted to representation under the Consti-
tution just as it stands they will have any
increase of Representatives. My opinion is
that after the next census their rem-esentation
will be diminished unless emigration from the
North or from Europe shall fill up their popu-
lation and increase it so as to entitle it to an
increased representation.
Mr. President, I only desired to say a very
few words; it was not my purpose on the pres-
ent occasion to make any extended remarks.
In relation to the pending proposition, without
going into the argument of the proposition it-
self or the principle which is involved in it, I
have this objection to it, that I think it fails to
accomplish the very purpose which it seeks on
its face to accomplish. I do not see that there
is anything in the resolution which would pre-
vent South Carolina or any other State from
passing a law that any person who was born
free or whose ancestors wore free, should exer-
cise the elective franchise, and none others.
That would exclude the whole of the colored
population, and yet would leave the State to
have its fall representation. There is nothing
which would prevent the State of South Caro-
lina or any other State from saying that only
those persons who had served in the military
service and their descendants should exercise
the elective franchise. That would exclude
the colored population, and the Union popula-
tion too, if they refused to serve in the army.
Mr. President, I rose principally to say that
the proposition which 1 have submitted as a
substitute for this resolution, as it seems tome,
is a better proposition than the one now pend-
ing. My amendment is, in substance, that
representation shall be apportioned among the
several States which may be included within
this Union according to the number in each
State of male electors over twenty-one years of
age, qualified by the laws thereof to choose
members of the most numerous branch of its
Legislature, and that direct taxes shall be ap-
portioned among the several States according
to the value of the real and personal taxable
property situated in each State, not belonging
to the State or to the United States.
This bases representation upon the qualified
voters of the several districts which elect mem-
bers of Congress in the several States, and it
does, in substance, accomplish the object which
L understand to be aimed at; that is to sav, if
it requires twentythousand electors in the State
of Wisconsin to choose one Representative and
give one vote in the House of Representatives,
it requires twenty thousand electors elsewhere
to do the same thing, and, therefore, every
elector in every State has precisely the same
weight, and the same voice in the House of
Representatives. And on the question of the
taxation of property 1 insist that the true prin-
ciple is that direct taxes should be apportioned
according to the value of the property and not
on the basis of population. When the question
comes up for action it is my purpose to move
this as a substitute for the pending resolution.
1 know it is objected that if voters are made
the basis of representation, some of the east-
ern States will lose. When, however, you come
to look into the figures, it will bo shown that
there will be no substantial reduction of the rep-
resentation of New England. In reference to
the State of California, and probably it would
be true of all the mining districts where the
principal part of the population is males, there
would be an increase of representation, but
generally the inequality of males and females
will regulate itself, and will disappear after a
few years.
I have before me a table which was prepared
on that subject by Hon. Mr. Coxkltng of the
other House, and to which I refer to substan-
tiate what I have said. I will not present the
table at length; but from it the facts appear
which I have stated. 1 will read a single para-
graph from what Mr. Conkliitg states to be
shown by the table:
" From these tables it will be seen that no New
England State would lose a single Representative
either by making white men oyer twenty-one, or all
men over twenty-one, the basis ot apportionment.
On the contrary, taking white men over twenty-ono
as the basis, Massachusetts would gam two, and Con-
necticut and Blaine one each. N ew York would gain
lour. The losses would not be in the East. Upon a
basis of male voters, black and white, Ohio and Illi-
