I uz
mm GOMBESBIOtfM^mOSK
Was just as deeply interested- in the Navy as a
man living along the coast. I am conscious
that if to. adopt a large number of these
volunteer officers into the Navy they will be
selected almost entirely from three or four
States., A man who is employed on the Mis-
sissippi flotilla may know nothing about navi-
gation. He may have done very good service-^
|e may b,e an excellent and valuable man, bat
be might he atterly "unable to pftf® the neces-
sary examination to enable him to enter'ffi-6
regular sayai service. So it would be with
persons who have hitherto been employed upon
the lakes, where their navigation is done prin-
cipally by the compass and running by head-
lands. That, I am free to confess, although
it may not have influenced other members of
the committee, had a considerable influence
on my toind, Now, if this- amendment be
adopted there can be no injury done to the reg-
ular officers, because theywill be promoted one
hundred and forty-five numbers under the first
section of the bill. We  hall at the same time
recognize the services of our volunteer'officers
by accepting, if they can pass the requisite ex-
amination, seventy-five of them into the regu-
lar'service.
The fourth section wholly refers to the ques-
tion of examination as to the qualifications of
volunteer officers.
The fifth section authorizes the Secretary of
the Navy to retain such volunteer officers as
are now in the service as may be necessary
until the lower grades of the service shall be
Wed up by graduates of the Naval Academy.
The law as it now stands upon the statate-
book authorized the Secretary of the Navy to
appoint certain persons as. volunteer officers
Of the Navy, but it provided that when the
rebellion ceased their offices should expire, I
suppose that when a proclamation snail be
issued by the President to that effect the re-
bellion will cease.- I do-not know when that
periodis going to arrive or what criterion we
are g<?ing finally to settle down upem as be-
ing the proper evidence- of when the rebel-
lion ceasad; butit must be some time or1 other,
and it may be any day. This is simply to au-
thorize the Secretary to continue the officers
in office who may be upon foreign stations at
the time that that proclamation shall be issued
or that it shall be understood that the rebellion
has ceased.
Section six provides that lieutenant com-
manders may be assigned to duty ssi naviga-
tion and watch officers cm board of vessels-of-
war as well as lieutenants of naval stations and
ghips-of-war. There is a provision now in tjie
law that seems to indicate that lieutenant com-
manders can only be used on- shipboard, afloat,
as executive officers or in command of vessels.
This is simply 8o> authorise the Secretary of the
Na.vy to- detail them as watch officers; that is,
in a subordinate position from that which they
now elaim that they are entitled whettjrta per-
form.
Section seven provides that the annual com-
pensation of the Admiral of the Navy-shall be
$10>t)«0 a year, and that he sHaW be entitle#
to the services of a secretary, who slal'l receive
the annual sea pay of a lieutenant. I need no>t
say that that provision was intended for the
benefit of Vice Admiral Farragut.
I believe that these are all the provisions of
the bill that it is neeessary for mo to explain.
1  fset I have stated what they all are sub-
stantially.
Ms. FBSSENDBN. I sshsuld like to make
an inquiry of the Senator from lowai as-to foow
the bill' would operate in the case- of a valuable
officer" who might have been sent abroad- arad;
kept abroad during most, of the time during
the; rebellion and had no opportunity to dis-
tinguish himself particularly. I suppose there-
were su-eh cases where the main would gladly
ha-vc had an opportunity if he could,
Mr. GRIMES. _ There may be cases where
under theoperation of this law what is appa-
rent injustice may be done', what may actually
Be injustice; but at the same time I must bo.
peinritted to say that it seems unjust that a>
man who has ■ been constantly in service for
four years should -not be promoted over a man
who applied- at the beginning of the war to be
sent to the Pacific, and who-remained there
during the whole War and did not see a shot
fired- in angear.
Mr< BUSSENDEN, Suppose he t?sts sent
without! his application and kept 'abroad.1
Mr. GRIMES, In such a-case we.n asfcleave
it'to. the discretion of the Secretary, or the-
President, if we pass this bill, and to his sense
of justice.
The PRESIDENT pro- tempore, the first
amendment reported by the committee will be
read.
The Sseretaty read the attendment, which
was in section one, Hue four, after the word
"one" to insert "admiral, one;" so as to
make the seetion read:
That the number allowed ftt each gtide of line
officers on the aetivelistof the Navy shall b& one
admiral, onu-vice adtBiral, &c.
Mr. FESSENDBM. How does it stand
now?
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that the bill as
reported by the committee proposes toTnake
one admiral, and reduces the number of rear
admirals from eleven to ten. The bill as sent
to us- by the Secretary of the Navy provided
for eleven reap admirals. We have reduced
that number from eleven to ten and made one
full admiral. *
Mi'. FES8ENDEN. What rank does Ad-
miral Farragut hold now?
Mr. GRIMES. He is now vice admiral.
Me. FESSENDEM. Is be not the only
vice admiral?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, git. I will states that
this amendment was put in to give Admiral
Farragut a, corresponding rank to that which
is contemplated to be bestowed tcpon general
Grant, All these ranks are relative; the Navy1
rank corresponding with that of the Army.
A bill, has been passed by the House of Rep-
*esentativcs making General Grant a foil- gen-
eral ; and then it was proposed that Admiral
Farragut should be made a full admiral,
Mr. FBSSENDEN. What pay does-he get?
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Maine'
asks nxe what pay he has now. He now has,
when at sea, $7,000: when on shore- duty
$6,000"; and when on leave or waiting orders,
$5 ,000. I wish, to say right- here thai Admiral
Farragut is now on leave-- and gets $5,000  
year, lire officer m- the United States Army
of corresponding rank gets between seventeen
and eighteen thousand dollars.
Mr. FKSSEND-EN. Now?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, now ; and- the bill
creating the grade of general, as I understand,
as it is proposed to be passed by the Committee
on Military Affairs, will give him about twenty
thousand dollars. Now, it is proposed by this
bill to make an admiral and give him all the
time a salary of §10,000. I think the Senators
from New York will say that that is not a very
large sum for a man to live upon in New York
and I think the"country will say that if there
be any man who-is really entitled to- $10,000 a
year salary, it is Admiral Farragut.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know th-at I
have any objection to the increase of.salary
proposed; but, as. I understand it, Admiral
Farragut, being now vice admiral, is the only
vice admiral.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSFlNDEN. He stands at the liead
of the whole naval service, jiist as General
Grant does in the Army. The office of vice
admiral was creatcd for him on account of his
gallant services, and after all those services
had been performed. Sir, I think that one-
great. difficulty we shall have to contend with
in this country will be this striking propensity
to hero worship. We do all that we can- think
of for a man ; we place him' at the very head
of his profession, giving liim the first place in
it, and then, after we have put him up so that
he can be distinguished no more in- our Navy,
we propose to create a' sti'll additional new rank
to- confer upon him in order to further testify
crar respect for the individual* I suppose, in
teality, that this is mare designed for somebody
who is to succeed Admiral Fstrragnt as vice
admiral. At any rate, it leaves that o.ffiea
Open, and it must be filled by Somebody. I do*
not think that for the leading officer o£ oar
Navy $10,000' ie too high, a tialary, and espe-
cially for® man who has rendered the distin-
guished services that,. Admiral Farragut has;
I have eeBsidered somewhat the proposition
to create the* rank- ©f general! ■for General
Grant. I have the-highest regard and' rnspecf
and admiration for-both these-distinguished
men. I think they have deserved well of thei#
country, and should be honored by their coun-
try, as they are; but, sir, I think in a Republic
like ours there must bfe Some limitation to this
hero worship, and the disposition to push met!
forward by continued rewards after the titttd
has gone by, and they have already been
rewarded to the utmost extent that the law will
allow, and high offices created for them. With
my present impressions,muc'h as I admire and-
respect General Grant, I should not vote to
create the office of general for him ; and the
same objection lies in my mind to the creation
of this new office of admir-al. I think the
present salary is too low, and I would vote
with pleasure to raise the salary of Yiee Ad-
miral Farragftt, if he remains in that position,
to $10,000. I do not think it is too much.
Bat, sir, let us consider one fact; and that is,
that after all his distinguished services were
rendered, we created for him, in order to put
him at the head of the Navy, an office that
would elevate him over all his compeers, a
new office of vice admiral, and raised- his
Salary somewhat accordingly. He stands ait
the very head of the Navy of the United States,
The same is true ®f General G-rairt. We
i teeated for him the office of lieutenant general;
: we placed him at the head of the-Army, and
gave him a pay which the_Sena«or from Iowa
' states now amounts to sixteen or seventeen!
thousand dollars a> year; and besides that-,
the natio'n^ or individuals of the nation, have
heaped upon him private benefits and rewards-.
He has been honored in every way.
; I think we have something else to do' in this
country besides devoting our attention exelu'
; sively to these very distinguished men. Due
: honor should be paid to them j all honor,- all
; respect, should be paid to them ; ornr sense of
their services should be testified to every re -'
sonable extent- ; butt it is not worth while, in a
retrabliean Government, to run mad after tneu.
When men have been placed, as a reward foe
their services, and as a testimony of the admi-
ration of the country, so high that they can get
no higher in the line of4heir profession; when
they are at the veiy head and front of all the
men in the respective linesiwhieh they o-ecopy,
for Congress then to tern about to see if it can-
not create some new office to push them on a
step farther strikes me as setting an- example
which, if followed out in this Republic, will
lead to a great deal of difficulty, and to a for*
getfulness of the principles upon which the
Republic itself is founded.
I have thought of this subject anxiously and
carefully, and frith all my regard and respect
and admiration for these distinguished men, I
cannot bring my mind,' after the full and am-
ple rewards that have been given them in the
way of honor, to create new offices for the sake
of doing something more. I shall therefore tote
against creating the rank of admiral, after one -
rank has beeto created for and filled by Ad'im--
ral Farragut-; but I will vote to increase his
pay to1 the amount of §10,000 with- pleasure.
I think that is not too much to- give him.
Mr. GRIMES. I agree in nearly everything
the Senator from Maine has- said, and I dtsxnoti
know but that I agree in all of irb £ and I be-
lieve that I will compromise this' matter by
proposing to strike out the word' admiral,"
so as not to create th-at gradey and to- insert
another section raising the salary of Vice Ad-*
mind Farragut to the sum proposed in th-e sev--
entb section. If the Sfmtfcor fVom M-amo v$iU
agree to that, I thirak £ can spe&fe tor the Cow '
