2192
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
April 26,
Mr. HOWE. I have also a long preamble
and a series of resolutions passed by the Legis-
lature of Wisconsin in reference to the votes
given by my colleague in this body. The res-
olutions are in these words:
Resolved by the Senate, (the Assembly concurring,)
That tho coursoof Senator Boolittle, in Congress, in
voting to sustain tho President's veto of theFreed-
mon's Bureau bill, in persistently urging upon Con-
gress the immediate right of the inhabitants of the
southern portion of the United States, who were lately
in rebellion against thoGovcrnment, tobereprescnted
in both Houses of Congress as inhabitants of States,
and so advocating the principle that the enemies or
tho Government are as fit to administer its affairs as
loyal men arc, and finally, in voting to sustain the
President's veto of tho civil rights bill, in the face
of instructions from th e Legislature to vote for it, fills
us with pam and indignation.
Ilfttohtid, That the course of Senator James R.
Doolittle upon the great question of the reorgani-
zation of government among the late rebels, upon tho
Freedmen's Bureau bill, and the civil rights bill, was
a desertion of tbo cause of human rights and repub-
lican government, and shows bun totally unworthy
to occupy any position representing a free people,
much less so high a one as tho people of Wisconsin
in other times have elevated him to: and while it is
not contended that we can deprivo him of his oflico
of Senator, yet wc declare it to bo his duty to resign
his Senatorsbip, in order that the loyal people of Wis-
consin may no longer bo misrepresented upon the
giavc questions which jue now being decided by the
Amorioaii people.
Jimolved, That the Governor be requested to for-
ward to each ol oar Senators and Representatives m
Congress a copy of tho foregoing preamble and reso-
lutions.
I move that these resolutions be laid upon
the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
RJBPOKTS OF OOM.UJTTBKS.
Mr. 1IENDKI0KS. The Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred the bill
(S. No. '200) to quiet land title s in California,
have directed mo to report an amendment in
the nature of a substitute, and recommend its
passage. It is proper that 1 should say, sir,
that this substitute has been prepared upon
consultation wilh tho Commissioner of the; (am-
oral I jit )h! Otliec, the chief clerk of that oflice,
Uk; surveyor general of California, and myself.
It, is prepared with a good deal of care, as it
relates to a very important subject.
Air. ANTIION1, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
T. S. Briscoe, praying for payment for his
.services in recruiting the twenty-sixth regi-
ment of .Iowa infantry, and tho sixth Iowa cav-
alry, submitted an adverse report; which was
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lauds, to whom was referred a resolu-
tion of the Senate of the 3d instant, directing
them to inquire into the expediency of estab-
lishing an additional hind district in the Terri-
tory oi Ncbiaska, asked to be discharged from
its further consideration, deeming that it is
imneceshary to have another land district, in
that Territory; and tho report wiis agreed io.
william SAWY1JR, AND OTIIEltS.
Mr. HARRIS. Tho Committee on Private
Laud Claims, to whom was referred a joint reso-
lution (H. It. No. 07) providing for the reap-
praisement of tho lands described in an act for
the relief of William Sawyer and others, of
Ohio, have instructed me "to report it without
amendment and recommend its passage. It
will take but a moment, and 1 ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to
appoint a commissioner to reappraise the lands
described in the act entitled "An act for the
relief of William Sawyer and others, of Ohio,"
approved July 2, 1804; but the occupants of
the lands are to pay all the expenses of the
reappraisement.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read tho third time, and passed.
COLLECTION OF PLANTS.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, to whom was referred the
memorial of Frederick Pcch, donating to the
United States a valuable collection of plants,
to report a joint resolution, providing for their
acceptance.-
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 74) providing
for the acceptance of a collection of plants tend-
ered to the United States by Frederick Pech,
was read a first time by its title, and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the Senate to
consider that resolution at the present time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
the unanimous consentof the Senate to consider
the joint resolution on the day it is reported.
There being no objection, the joint resolution
was read the second time, and considered as
in Committee of tho Whole. It proposes to
accept the collection of plants tendered by
Frederick Pech, by his memorial of March 2,
18(10, and that it be deposited in the Depart-
ment of Agriculture, and appropriates the sum
of $300 to enable the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture to procure suitable cases for the protection
of such plants.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
COLLECTION OP THE CUSTOMS.
Mr. SHERMAN. T am directed by tho
Committee on Finance to report a joint resolu-
tion, and after a short explanation I desire to
have it put upon its passage now.
Tho Secretary read the joint resolution (S.
R. No. 75) making appropriations for the
expenses of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms. It proposes to appropriate $2,100,000
for the expenses of collecting tho reveuuefrom
customs for each half year, from and after the
last day of December, ]8(w, and in addition
thereto, such sums as may be received during
the half year from linos, penalties, and forfeit-
ures connected with the customs, and from stor-
age, cartage, drayago, and labor; and it also
proposes to repeal the first section of an act
making appropriations for the expenses of col-
lecting the revenue from customs, approved
June 14, 1<U'">8.
Mr. SHliUMAN. In order to explain the
matter more fully, 1 send to the Chair and ask
to havo road a letter of the Secretary of the
Treasury, which has called tho subject to our
attention.
The Secretary read the following letter :
Treasury Department, Marih 21,18gg.
Sir: Tho standing appropriation of $1,800,000 for
each half year, to defray the expenses of collecting
tho revenuo from customs, mado by the first section
of the act of Junol-i, 1868, (11 Statutes, 337,) will bo
inadequate to moot tho expenses of the current or of
succeeding years.
It is oslimated that thero will ha required an addi-
tions 1 sum of $300,000 ouch holt' year; that is, a total
semi-annual expenditure of $1!,100,000.
I havo tho honor, in accordance with this view, to
inclose a draft of a scctiou designed to be appended
to tiin regular appropriation bill, amendatory of tho
aforesaid first section of the act of June 14,1858, to
which [ would request your favorable attention.
Vcry respectfully, M. McOOLLOOlI,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. \v. P. 1 HssrxDux,
Chairman Committee on Finance, Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. The matter was first called
to our attention by that letter; and the Commit-
tee on Finance agreed upon an amendment to
the legislative appropriation bill some time ago
providing for the increase. The present per-
manent appropriation for the collection of the
tevemie from customs is contained in the first
section of an act " making appropriations for
the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs" under date of June 14, 1858. I will
read that section:
That there he, nnd hereby is, appropriated for tho
expenses of collecting the revenue from customs, for
each half year, the sum of 61,800,000, payable out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated, together with such sums as may be received
from storage, cartage, drayage, and labor for said
half year. •
The amount of the revenue from customs
has been so enormously increased that the
expenses have increased, not in the same pro-
portion but to some extent, and the estimates
now require $300,000 more for the half year, I
ooo additional for the year. 1
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the relative
increase in the revenue?
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Mary-
land asks me the increase in the revenue. I
can tell him generally that since the date of
the law the revenue from customs has doubled.
I think in 1858 the receipts from customs were
about sixtv million dollars. The necessity for
the immediate passage of this resolution, as
the legislative appropriation bill will probably
not pass Congress for a month or two, is stated
in a recent letter from the Secretary of the
Treasury, which I send to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read the following letter:
Treasury Dkpartment, April 24,1866.
Sir: On tho 24th of March I had the honor to sub-
mit to your committee a section, designed to bo ap-
pended to tho regular appropriation bill, increasing
the standing semi-annual appropriation for the ex-
penses of collecting tho revenue from customs from
$1,800,000 to $2,100,000, and to explain the grounds of
the suggestion.
It is found that the appropriation now on thebooks
of tho Treasury will be insufficient to meet the neces-
sary oxpenses even for the month of April current,
and I therefore transmit herewith tho same proposi-
tion, slightly amended, in the form of a joint resolu*
tioa, upon which I would most earnestly request an
early action, it not being probable that the regular
appropriation bill will be acted upon in time to meet
the emergency.
I am, sir, very respectfully,
h. Mcculloch,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. TV. P. Fessexbkx,
Chairman Committee on Finance, Senate.
The joint resolution was read three times and
passed.
ritlXTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. NORTON, it was
Ordered, That the bill (S. No. 263) to authorize the
TVinoua and St. Peter Itailroad Company to construct
a bridge across the Mississippi river and to establish
a post xoute, be printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 280) to provide for the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Central
Pacific railroad, in California, to Portland, on
the navigable waters of the Columbia river, in
Oregon; which was read twice by its title,
referred to tho Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed.
lie also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 287)
to provide for the construction of a wagon road
from Boise City, in the Territory of Idaho, to
Susanville, in California; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CLARK. ' I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a bill which has been prepared by
some person other than myself.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 288) to provide for
tho payment of certain claims against the
United States; which was read twice by its
title.
Mr. CLARK. A bill of similar import went
to the Committee on the Judiciary; I move
that this take the same direction.
It was so referred.
Mr. CLARK also asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 289) to provide for the probate of and
for the recording of wills of real estate situated
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses ; which was read twice by its title, aud
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
DEATH OP SENATOR FOOT.
Mr. POLAND submitted tho following reso-
lution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Itesolved, That one thousand extra copies of tho
addresses and funeral sermon delivered in tbo Senate
on the death of ffon. Solomon Foot, a Senator from
the State of Vermont, heretofore ordered to be printed
for the use of the Senate, be printed for tho use of
the widow and family of the deceasod.
APPROVAL OP BILLS.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Cooper, his Secretary,
