1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1283
noi-: would Josu otio RepJcscntatSve each, and F^nn-
two. Cai'{<irnin. nimo^t alone of iho Bhxtes
heretofore ttcc, would gain. (ler extraordinary abun-
dance ol mule population would doubJe her repre-
sentation. It i3 now three; it would be six/'
Mr. ANTHONY. How would, if. be, let me
ask the Senator from Wisconsin, with Tennes-
see, where they have disfranchised those who
were engaged in the war 011 the rebel side?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In relation to that, I
will state to ray honorable friend that the cen-
sus which we have already taken runs to 1870,
and practically the apportionment will not be
made till about 1872, six years to come.
Mr. BROWN. Unless wo order another in
the interval.
Mr. D 0 0 LITTLE. 0 f course.
Mr. ANTHONY. But, I understand that
in Tennessee where those who have been en-
gaged in the war against us are disfranchised,
this amendment will compel the people of the
State of Tennessee to admit them to s.ufTrage,
or else to lose a large portion of their repre-
sentation. It would he, therefore, a direct in-
ducement to them to extend suffrage to a class
that they have disfranchised for treason.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. President 
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator from Maine
will give way, I move that the further consid-
eration of this question be postponed until one
o'clock to-morrow. This is the first time the
honorable Senator has proposed to address the
Senate on the subject, and it is rather late to
ask a Senator to speak at this hour. I sup-
pose there is no purpose of taking a vote to-
day; I therefore move that the subject be post-
poned until to-morrow at one o'clock.
Mr. FESSENQEN. I do not wish to urge
this matter, as I suppose it is impossible to get
a vote to-night, against the wishes of my col-
league, if he prefers to speak in the morning.
I should like very much, however, to know
whether there are other gentlemen who propose
to speak, so that we can have some understand-
ing. I hopegcntlemen will be good enough to
state whether they wish to speak. If there are
none others to speak I hope there will be no
objection to our getting the vote to-morrow. I
shad have something more to say myself, and
I can as well say it at one time as another,
though I suppose, according to the ordinary
courtesy of the Senate, it would rather belong
to me to close the debate.
Mr. MORRILL. I shall not occupy much
time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But you would prefer
the resolution to go over until to-morrow
morning?
Mr. MORRILL. That would be more
agreeable to me.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I shall not object to
it; but I give notice to the Senate that I shall
endeavor to get the vote to-morrow if there
are no other gentlemen who desire to make
speeches, and 1 take it, from the silence of Sen-
ators, that there are no more who wish to speak
on the, subject.
Mr. JOHNSON. 'They are not all here. I
renew my motion to postpone the further con-
sideration of this subject until to-morrow at
one o'clock, and make it the special subject for
that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
OREAT FALLS ICE COMPANY.
Mr-. MORRILL. I move that we proceed to
the consideration of Senate bill No. 04.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 04) to incorporate the Great Falls Ice Com-
pany, of Washington, District of Columbia, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to declare Charles W. Roteler,
jr., Lemuel J. Middleton, Frederick Rilling,
John F. Callan, William E. Spalding, John
Pettibone, William W. Rapley, Charles B.
Church. II. A. Chadwick, William W. Russell,
James L. Barbour, John Van Riswick, James
Sykcs. John It. Elvans, George W. Corcoran,
and their present and future associates, a body
politic or corporate, by the name and style of
the '■ Great Falls lee Company, of Washington,
Distiict of Columbia," to have perpetual sue-
39tii Gong. L<t Sbw.—No. 78.
cession, to bo capable in law and equity of suing
and being sued, to have a common seal, and to
purchase, hold, receive, and enjoy, either by
absolute conveyance in fee-simple, or upon
ground-rent, such real estate in the District of
Columbia as may be necessary for the construc-
tion of ice-houses and cutting, securing, and
selling ice in the District, or in such ether place
or places as the directors of the company may
determine.
The capital stock of the corporation is not to
exceed §200,000, divided into shares of $100
each, which arc to bo considered as personal
property, and may be transferred under such
regulations as the corporators may judge con-
venient. A general meeting of the stockholders
is to be held on the first Tuesday in November,
annually, for the election of officers of the com-
pany, who shall be a president, a vice president,
a treasurer, a secretary, and seven other stock-
holders, who together shall constitute a board
of directors; but if such meeting or election
shall not take place, the corporation shall not,
for that? cause, be dissolved, but such meeting
or election shall take-place as soon thereafter
as may be, of which such notice shall be given
as the directors may deem necessary. All elec-
tions are to be by ballot, and each stockholder
present, either in person or by proxy, is to have
one vote for each share of stock held by him at
the time of the election.
The corporation is also to have, power to make
such by-laws, rules, and regulations, as maybe
neccssary for carrying out its objects, not in-
consistent with the laws in force in the District
•of Columbia. The power is reserved to alter,
amend, or repeal the act by Congress at its
pleasure.
The bill was reported to the Senate.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 notice that the bill is
apparently so drawn that this corporation is to
e.vercise its franchise in the District of Colum-
bia, and yet it is not confined to the District
of Columbia by the terms of the bill. I notice
at the end of the tirst section that it is provided
that the corporation may carry on its business
in the District, ■' or in such other place or
places as the directors of the company may
determine.'' They may go to Maine or any-
where else. We have not heretofore, 1 think,
made a corporation to have existence and do
business outside of the District.
Mr. MORRILL. You will see that by the
first section its whole operations are confined
to the District. These persons are made "a
body politic or corporate by the name and style
of the Great Falls ice Company, of Washing-
ton, in the District of Columbia," and they
are empowered to acquire i;real estate in the
District of Columbia." It is confined to the
District.
Mr. POMEROY. But the last clause of the
first section reads, " or in such other place or
places as the directors of the company may
determine." I move to amend this clause by
inserting the words " within the District" after
the word "places."
Mr. MORRILL. T have, no objection to
striking out that clause.
Mr. POMEROY. I move the amendment
which T have suggested.
Mr. CLAItK. That amendment is wrong.
It makes a repetition of the clause relative to
the District.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the whole opera-
tion of the corporation is as was intended con-
fined to the District of Columbia, except in the
mere matter of selling the ice. The provision
to which the Senator from Kansas refers merely
gives authority to sell ice ''in said District or
in such other place or places as the directors
of the company may determine.''
Sir. POMEROY. That lets them go all over
the world.
Mr. MORRILL. Only for the purpose of
selling. It allows a sale undoubtedly outside
of the District. If your object is to prevent
that, strike out the last words of the first, sec-
tion.
Mr. POMEROY. My object was to prevent
our making a corporation to travel all over the
world. We can make a corporation for the
District, but ought not to allow it to extend its
operations elsewhere—to Marino or Massachu-
setts or other States.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is rather too
strait-laced for the District of Columbia. Be-
cause people living in the District of Colum-
bia are authorized to carry on a trade or em-
ployment in the District of Columbia; I can
hardly conceive that they ought to he restricted
from the sale of their commodities outside of
the District. Suppose we were to incorporate
them as a manufacturing company for the man-
ufacture of cotton or woolen goods, would the
honorable Senator desire to have the sales of
their goods restricted to the District of Colum-
bia ?
Mr. POMEROY. I would not allow them
to go and travel all around to sell their goods-.
Mr. MORRILL. We do not allow them to
travel with their corporation, but with their
products, the result of thoir labors, so that
they may find a market in any part of the
country. They should have the same privi-
leges, it seems to me. as (he citizens of any of
the States would have. We give these people
a corporate organization for the cutting and
preservation of ice or any other purpose, me-
chanical or otherwise. For the sale of their
products the whole country should be open to
them as well as to the citizens of the States.
If the object of the amendment is to prevent
that, I am opposed to it. I think, on the
whole, I would insist on the provision as it
comes from the committee, unless the Senate
should think it too liberal as it now stands.
These people are authorized to cut and pre-
serve ice, and to that end they may take and
hold by absolute conveyance in fee-simple Or
upon ground-rent such real estate in the Dis-
trict of Columbia as shall answer their pur-
pose0 ; and they may sell their ice so taken in
the District or elsewhere where they can find
a market. 1 think that is fair. I hope that
my friend from Kansas will not object to that.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 do not suppose there is
very much in the objection. J do say, how-
ever, that it is a new feature iii our legislation
to allow a corporation, created by Congress,
in this District to set up business outside of
the District.
Mr. MORRILL. Oh, no.
Mr. POMEROY. They may, under this pro-
vision, have an agency in the State of Maine,
if Maine was a maikctablc place for ice. and
in their corporate capacity sell ice in the State
of Maine ; and if they can, as a corporate com-
pany, sell ice outside of the District, then their
corporation exists outside of the District. They
can have an agency in Charleston and the cor-
poration may exist inside pf a State. That is
the only point I make, that if they arc allowed
to sell ice as a corporation outside of the Dis-
trict, they may have an agency for the sale of
ice, anywhere. I do not saj; that I care any:
thing about it, but it is a point we never have
yielded, that corporations created by Congress
should cither be in the Territories or in this
District,, where we have exclusive legislation ;
and they should not be allowed to set up inside
of a State. That is the only point I make.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suppose the corpo-
ration cannot exercise its franchise outside of
the District anyhow, in a State, without the con-
sent of the State. I f the States give their con-
sent to it, it may.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not the difficulty
that I have. I agree that a corporation here
cliai'tcvcd hy Congress would have no power of
doing business at all outside of the District.
That ip my opinion of the authority of Congress ,*
but if the law gives them the power expressly
to sell outside the District, then the question
will arise in the Slates whether they have not
the rif'ht to be there independent ot State leg'.s-
laiion°; and that is a question ot great moment.
If it is not the purpose of the committee to give
them the authority to act in the States or any-
where except in the, Dihtrict by virtue, of their
chartered powers, it ought to be made p'ain.
If it is doubtful, I should hope it might be > o
