1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2193
announced that the President of the United
States had approved and signed, on the 25th
instant, the following acts and joint resolution:
An act, (S. No. 89) to issue American regis-
ters to the steam vessels Michigan, Despatch,
and William K. Muir, and for other purposes ;
An act (S. No. 146) for the relief of Thomas
F. Wilson, late United States consul at Bakia,
Brazil;
An act (S. No. 150) for the relief ofTheo-
dor G. Eiswald; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 29) for the
transfer of funds appropriated for the pay-
ment of salaries in the Post Office Department
to the general salary account of that Depart-
ment.
WILLIAM COOK.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move to take up Senate
bin No. 277.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 277) for the relief of William Cook was
read the second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It proposes to dircct the
Secretary of the Treasury to pay to William
Cook §200 for the use and occupation of his
land in Washington city by order of the War
Department.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
NEW YORK AND MONTANA IKON COMPANY.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate take
up Senate bill No. 203 for consideration.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 203) to enable the
Now York and Montana Iron Mining and
Manufacturing Company to purchase a certain
amount of public lands not now in market.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Com-
mittee on Public Lands have reported the bill
■with an amendment to strike out all of the
original bill after the enacting clause and to
insert a substitute. The substitute only will be
read unless some Senator asks for the reading
of the original bill.
Mr. WADE. I suppose it will not be neces-
sary to read anything but the amendment of the
committee.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
•was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the original bill and to insert the following
in lieu thereof:
Tliat the N ow York and Montana Iron Mining and
Manufacturing Company be, and thoy are hereby,
authorized, at any time within one year after the
approval of this act by the President of the United
States, to preempttwo tracts of land in the Territory
of Montana which, in the aggregate, shall not exceed
twenty [sections, not included in any Indian reserva-
tion or in any Government reservation for militaiy
or other purposes, three of wbie.lt sections may be
selected of lands containing iron ore and coal, and
the remaining sections of timber lands near the said
selections containing iron ore and coal, which selec-
tions shall be subjcct to the approval of the Secretary
of the Interior.
Sec. 2. And be/d further enacted, That the said com-
pany may acquire immediate possession thereof on
the selection of the said lands by permanently mark-
ing their boundaries and publishing a description
thereof iir*;iuv two newspapers of general circulation
in the said Territory.
Sec. 3. And be it further enaeted, That it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Interior to cause patents
to issue to the said company for the said lands on the
conditions mentioned in this section, all of which
must be complied with within two years from the
approval of this act by the President of tho United
States, or the said lands shall revert to the United
States:
1. That the said company shall have the said lands
carefully surveyed at their own expense, an& shall
file a plot of the same in the General Land Office of
the United States, which surveys shall be by lines
running north and south, and east and west, and each
of said tracts of land shall be as nearly in a square
form as may be practicable.
2. That the said company shall have furnished the
Secretary of the Interior evidence satisfactory to him
that they have erected, and have in operation, in one
or more places on the said lands, iron-works with a
capacity for manufacturing at least fifteen hundred
tons of iron per annum.
3. Thatthe said company shall have paid the United
States for the said lands the minimum price of $1 25
per acre.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the said
patents shall convey no title to any mineral lands
except iron and coal, or to anylands held by right of
possession, or by any other title, except Indian title,
valid at the time of the selection of the said lands.
39tii Coxg. 1st Sess.—No. 138.
Skc. 5. And be it further enacted, That thesaid com-
pany shall have the same privileges in every partic-
ular, with reference to the said lands which are now
by law granted to ordinary precmptors, with refer-
ence to the wood and limber on thesaid lands, with tho
exception of so much as may be necessarily used by
the said company in the erection of buildings and in
their legitimate business of manufacturing iron.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is right that I should
say that the committee was greatly influenced
iu consenting to the passage of this bill by tho
peculiar condition of the mining interests in
Montana. That interior Territory is so far
removed from any of the ordinary means of
transporting the machinery which is ncccssary
for carrying on mining business that the devel-
opment of the mining interests of the Territory
is likely to be very greatly delayed. It was rep-
resented to the committee that this company
would establish iron-works and soon produce
iron in tho Territory itself. It is known that
there are very valuable iron mines in that Ter-
ritory; at least it was so represented to the
committee in such a manner that the commit-
tee had confidence in that representation ; and
with great reluctance T consented to the report-
ing of the bill upon the peculiar state of the
case. I desire to say that tho committee un-
derstand that this shall not bo a precedent, to
any special privileges in-the purchase of the
public lands. This is not to form a precedent,
so far as the committee is concerned, in any
other case.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Indiana, under what law this Now
York and Montana Iron Mining and Manufac-
turing Company was incorporated, and whether
or not he has seen the chartcr.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The bill was not under
my charge in the committee. The Senator from
Iowa [Mr. KirkwoodJ had charge of the bill,
and made the investigation. 1 understand that
it is a company incorporated under tho laws of
the State of New York.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I will give my colleague
the information that he desires on that point.
This company was chartered under a law of
the State of New York, and I hold in my hand
a copy of the Articles of incorporation. 'They
were submitted to the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Harms,] who is a member of that com-
mittee, and 1 believe they are iu accordance
with the laws of New York.
While I am up I will say a word with regard
to tho bill itself, and in explanation of its pro-
visions. The public lands of Montana Terri-
tory have not been surveyed, and therefore can
only be located under the existing preemption
law, limiting the amount, T think, to one hun-
dred and sixty acres. Mining is being carried
on there to a very considerable extent, and in
mining operations and in other operations
there iron is necessarily used to a large ex-
tent. We know that now tho iron used in
that Territory has to be furnished from the
iron manufactories of Pennsylvania and else-
where, and carried to St. Louis, and up the
Missouri river to some point from which it is
started on wheels out to Montana, or else
brought by rail to Iowa, wheeled across Iowa,
and then by wheels carried to Montana. The
result is that the freight upon the iron used in
that 'Territory must be from thirty to thirty-five
cents per pound. This state of affairs must
necessarily be a great diawbackupon the pros-
perity of that Territory, and if we can in any
legitimate way reduce to them the expense of
iron used there, it seemed to the committee
proper so to do. Wo are expending a great
deal of money that does not bring back money
again to the public Treasury or increase the
wealth of the country; and if we can legiti-
mately legislate so as to increase the wealth
of the country and the prosperity of these
western Territories, it seemed to the commit-
tee well to do so.
What the committee therefore propose to do
is, not to give to this company any lands what-
ever; not to give them an acre of land, but to
allow them, in advance of the survey which we
will not make, or do not make, at all events,
to take up the quantity of land named in this
bill, with the same privileges and subject to all
the liabilities of preemptors. save and except
so far as they may use the umber on the land
for building and running their iron-works. We
require them to make the surveys at (heir own
expense. We require them, before they shall
receive a title to the land, to satisfy the Secre-
tary of the Interior that they have built on
these lands iron-works capable of turning out,
and turning out, fifteen hundred tons of iron
per annum. It they fail in any one of tho.se
conditions they forfeit their entire right, and
they are compelled to pay for the land the price
of SI 25 per acre.
The whole departure from what I understand
to be the ordinary policy of the Government is
in allowing this company to take up more land
than it can take up under the existing law.
One hundred and sixty acres of land would
not justify an iron company in establishing
iron-works. Thoy must have timber for coal-
ing. They cannot get it under the existing
law. If they go upon the unsurveyed lands
without a lawot this kind, Ihoy are trespassers
and liable to be sued and muieted in damages
for every offense. Williout the limber, they
cannot, do the work. The question I hen is,
shall they, or shall they not, be allowed to
take up this land upon paying into the public
Treasury the ordinary price of the public land,
and establishing works there before they can
receive tide to their land? It struck the com-
mittee that it was necessary for the, develop-
ment of that Territory, and it would tend to
do what they thought was required to be done
at this time, especially when we nave such
heavy drains upon our people in the way of
taxation, to increase the, productive wealth
of the country, to some extent, without at ull
injuring the public.
Mr. POMERO Y. I have not had my atten-
tion called to this bill, until this moment,
since it was reported. I think there is an
oversight in it. The Senator who drafted tho
amendment lias ncglcctcd to exclude preemp-
tion claims or homestead settlements, and
under the bill as it now stands this company
may locate over a settler.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. The Senator is mis-
taken, I think. If it is so it is a mistake in
the bill undoubtedly.
Mr. POMEROY. To settle that question I
will move that the proviso contained in tho
original bill be added to this amendment. That
proviso is in these words:
Provided, That no title shall he conveyed to any
mineral lands cxcept iron and coal, or to any lands
hold by virtueof any title of possession orother kind,
valid at the time of tho selection and location of tho
said tracts.
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire
how the Senator would construc or has con-
strued tho term "valid " in that proviso. Does
he mean by that tho possession of one of the
inhabitants?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes; I mean a squatter,
a settler.
Mr. CONNESS. Then you had better leave
out the word "valid" and have it "any loca-
tion in possession;" otherwise^ those sections
of land may cover all tho acquired rights and
property of the entire community there. This
company are authorized to go there and select
the timber lands as well as the iron mines.
Mr. POMEROY. My intention is to pre-
vent them from going on any settlement.
Mr. CONNESS. That is all right if the
Senator will so draw his amendment as to
fully carry out that idea.
Ma, KIRKWOOD. The proviso to the first
section of the original bill was intended to ba
attached to tho amendment reported by the
committee.
Mr. POMEROY. It 13 an oversight, I soe.
I move, then, that the proviso contained m
the last section of the original bill be added to
the first section of the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
to amend the amendment by adding at the end
of the first section the following:
Provided, That no title shall be conveyed to any
mineral lands cxcept iron and coal, or to any lands
