1234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
restricted as to compel them to locate here in
the District, giving them of course the power
which they would-have of going elsewhere, pro-
vided the States permit them to go -elsewhere,
by having an agency elsewhere, and not to give
them the right to go as against the will of the
States to carry on their business in the States
without the assent of the States.
' The ease of McCulloch vs. The State of
Maryland settled as far as it could be_ settled
by judicial determination the constitutionality
of the Bank of the United States. There are,
perhaps, portions of the opinion from' which it
might be inferred that Congress would have
the authority to establish a corporation for a
different purpose than that for which the Bank
of the United States was established. But I
think in the case of Cohen against somebody
indicted for selling lottery tickets in Virginia
in a lottery authorized by Congress the court
decided, or at least intimated very strongly the
opinion, that there was no authority on the part
of Congress, in its legislation in the District,
to do more than a State would be competent
to do if the District, instead of being exclusively
under  tlie jurisdiction of Congress, was of itself
a Stale. If so, of course all its legislation would
be legislation applying exclusively to the terri-
tory composing the State; but I ask tor the read-
ing of the amendment in order to see whether
■we are about to give to this corporation the au-
thority to go out of the District without the
consent of the States.
The Secretary. The amendment is in sec-
tionone, line eighteen, alter (lie word "places,'7
to insert'' within the District," so that that por-
tion of the clause will read:
For the construction of ice-houses, and cutting, se-
curing, ;md selling ico in tho said District or in such
other place ov places within the District as tho direct-
ors of tho company may determine.
Mr. MO It It ILL. Let me see if I can meet
the views of the Senator from Kansas. I sug-
gest thatwc strike out all after the word "ice"
down to and including tho word "places" in
the next line. I twill then read "for the con-
struction -of ice-houses and cutting, securing,
mid selling ice as the directors of the company
may determine."
Mr. JOHNSON'. That will do.
Mr. MOltltlLL. That leaves out the words
"in the said district, or in such other place or
places.''
Mr. POMEROY. That is right. I will
accept that.
Tho PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. IIowu.)
The amendment as modified will be reported.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in lino seventeen of section one to strike
out tho words "in the said District, or ill such
other place or places."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. [ suppose I ought not to
make any other objection, but I see that the
last section provides:
Said corporation shall also have power to make
such by-laws, rules, and regulations as may be neces-
sary for currying out its objects.
It is a very unlimited power to give them.
They judge of what is necessary to do and they
have the power to do it.
Several Sgxatous. That is usual.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course they must not
be inconsistent with tho law establishing it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
irorsu p.irxs tifkkiu!et>.
The follow ing bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia:
A bill (H. R. No. 183) concerning the fire
department of Washington city;
A bill (II. R. No. 22:i) to amend an act t,o
incorporate the .Mutual Fire Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia ; and
A joint resolution (IT. It. No. 841 for the
relief of the sufferers by the late explosion at
the United States arsenal in tho District of
Columbia.
ADMISSION 0> COLORADO.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move to postpone all other
business, and to proceed to the consideration
of Senate bill No. 74 for the admission of the
State of Colorado into the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope that will not be
proceeded with now.
Mr. CLARK. I hope it will not be taken
up at the present time.
Mr. RAMSEY. I hope at least we may give
it one reading at present, and then proceed
from time to time as we can get along. The
gentlemen who represent Colorado have been
waiting here for some time, and it is due to
them that we should at least give the bill a
reading.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to that.
Mr. BROWN. ThereHre several gentlemen
that want to speak on it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I desire the Senate to pro-
ceed with the consideration of this bill. That
is my motion.
Mr. POMEROY. I'do not suppose we shall
be able to consider it at length to-niglit, but I
think we ought to set ah early day for consid-
ering it.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is not very long; only
two sections.
Mr. POMEROY. I am opposed to having
it put off indefinitely. I have never known a
Territory to come here as Colorado has when
the case was not even considered. There are
two Senators from Colorado sitting with us
here, and their ease is not even considered,
but is day by day and day by day postponed.
I think we ought to set an early day for its
consideration.
Mr. RAMSEY. This is the earliest possible
day we can consider it. I hope the Senate will
take up the bill.
Mr. WILSON. It will not be of any use to
take it up at this time; nothing will be gained by
doing it. We have a constitutional amendment
pending which it is intended to dispose of to-
morrow, or at tho farthest next day, and then
the Senator can move to take up this bill. I
apprehend that this measure is not going to
pass without some discussion, from what I hear
about mc, and therefore I think we had bettor
not take it up now, but go into executive ses-
sion and do a little business.
Mr. MORRILL. Allow me to pass a small
bill first that will not take over/ive minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My friend from Massa-
chusetts knows quite as well as anybody in the
Senate that when the constitutional amendment
is disposed of something else will come up.
There will always be business before tho Sen-
ate to take up its time and attention. It does
seem to me that this question in regard to the
admission of Colorado as a Slate is entitled to
the consideration of the Senate. I shall ex
press no opinion at this time as to whether that
State has formed a constitution in accordance
with tho enabling act authorizing the people of
that Territory to form a State government, and
be admitted into the Union. They have formed
a State government; they have sent their rep-
resentatives here and ask to be admitted ; and
it does seem to me that we are bound to give
that case consideration; and we ought not to
postpone it from time to time. If the enabling
act lias not been complied with, and tho facts
do nut warrant the recognition of this State,
certainly the people of Colorado are entitled to
know it. I think we had best take up the bill this
afternoon, and proceed with it at once. If gen-
tlemen desire to speak upon it, it is not likely
we shall get through with it this afternoon; but
it will be under consideration. I trust the Sen-
ate will sustain the motion of tho Senator from
Minnesota, and let us call up tho bill. I con-
sider it due to the gentlemen who are here rep-
resenting the State, and due to the former action
of Congress itself.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no disposition to
interpose one day's delay to the consideration
of this laill: but when I look at the clock and
see the hour, it does seem to me that it is not
advisable for the Senate at such an hour to
commence the consideration of such a bill.
My friend from Illinois says we shall not do
much with it to-day. Then why take up time
with it now ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. So as to begin it.
Mr. SUMNER. "So as to begin it," the
Senator says. lie has already told us, or a
Senator has told us, that there are but two sec-
tions in the bill. Those can be read in two
minutes. How far then shall we get? I have
given notice myself of an amendment that I
shall move, and I have several letters and
papers which I have received from Colorado
which at the proper time I wish to lay before
the Senate. I have brought them down to the
Senate half a dozen times in a file expecting
that this bill might be called up. It has not
been called up. This morning, knowing that
I was to address the Senate on another matter,
I did not bring my file of papers with me ; I
have not got them here; I am not, therefore,
in a condition to go on with the discussion, and
I say to the Senate that I have letters and pa-
pers which I wish to lay before the Senate with
reference to this question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the bill is up, and we
get so far with it that we can proceed no further
without the Senator from Massachusetts going
on, certainly, for one, 1 shall vote with him to
put it over until to-morrow, in order to give
him an" opportunity to express his views and
present the facts he desires to lay beforo the
Senate. But if we do not take up the bill now,
it will be to-morrow just as it has been to-day. .
The Senator has from time to time come here
with his papers prepared to consider this sub-
ject, but it has got to be such an old story with
him that he has now forgotftm them and left
them at home. I think we had better com-
mence upon it, and then he will know that we
design proceeding with it, and will bring his
papers here.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that we had
better make it a special order, perhaps for half
past twelve o'clock to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. There is an order for that
hour.
Mr. SUMNER. Then say half past twelve
the next day,
Mr. RAMSEY. Let us progress as far as
we can now.
Mr. SUMNER. How far can you get? It
is ten minutes past four o'clock, and you pro-
pose to take up the bill when a Senator who
has made a motion which lies at the threshold
says he has not his papers here upon which he
bases the motion he proposes to make. I have
drawn up my motion but have it not here with
me; I have not tho papers with mo. I have
not the letters which I have received from vari-
ous parties in Colorado. T did not expect that
this bill by any possibility could come up to-
day, and it is the first day for a week that I have
left my papers at my room. The Senator may
call it up to-morrow or the next day, and I
will assist him in bringing it up.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ncss.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope not. I will inquire
of the Chair whether that motion is in order
while another motion is pending.
The PRESIDING- OFFICER, (Mr. Howe in
the chair.) The Chair understands that it is.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope we shall not go into
executive session at this hour. There are sev-
eral Senators who have charge of bills of great
interest that wc can pass in half an hour or au
hour.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to proceed to the consideration
of executive business.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I will now ask the Senate
to consider Senate bill No. 125, which was read
through a day or two since, and if the Senate
will give me half an hour of its time, or there-
about, to consider it and the accompanying
bill, I shall feel much obliged to them. I now
move to take up Senate bill No. 125.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is a
