170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
Legislatures chosen by the people of the dis-
tricts, reserving to Congress a veto upon any
laws designed to oppress any portion of the
people. Allow them also to be represented in
one or both Houses of Congress by Delegates
chosen by themselves. This is precisely what
has been done in every case where any consid-
erable number of our citizens have been found
without the limits of organized States. It was
done for those people who poured out of the
old States to settle the Territories northwest of
the Ohio. It was done for those people who in-
habited the territory we purchased from Prance,
and for those inhabiting the territory we con-
quered from Mexico. The reason for doing it
was precisely the same in every case. There
were people to be governed, and they were not
prepared for State governments. The reason
is the same in this case. There are people who
must not be left to anarchy, and they are not
fitted to be clothed with the perogatives of
States.
But gentlemen say this is radical, and the
times demand conservative measures. Why,
sir, if gentlemen will say what it is they wish
to conserve, I can better say whether this will
answer their purpose.
If they wish to conserve the supremacy of
the nation, this will enable them to do it, for
it retains authority in the hands of the nation
until the late belligerents are prepared to wield
it in harmony with the national interests. If
they wish to conserve the equality of men, this
enables them to do it, for it will enable the
nation to forbid any class of men from being
placed beyond the protection of law. If they
wish to conserve the integrity of the Stales, this
will enable them to do it, for it respects the
rights of every State which has not forfeited its
own functions, if they wish to protect the na-
tional debt, this will enable them to do it, for
it guards that debt, for a time at least, against
the machinations of those who are most hostile
to it. If they wish to conserve the people of
the revolted States against the payment of the
rebel debt, this enables them to do it. If they
•wish to conserve the peace in those insurrec-
tionary districts, this enables them to do it, and
to employ for that purpose the whole authority
and the whole power of the nation. If they
wish to conserve the cause of emancipation, it
will enable them to do it, for it will enable them
to make emancipation a blessing to both the mas-
ter and the l'rcedman. If they wish to conserve
what loyalty there is in those districts, and to
hasten its development, this will enable them
to do it, for it will demonstrate to the world
that it is no longer dangerous to be loyal, [f
they wish to conserve the rights of those Union
men whose fidelity has been visited with pen-
alties by rebel tribunals, or to conserve those
rights which now rest upon the decrees of our
own military tribunals in the revolted districts,
this will enable them to do it.
Mr. President, I cannot foresee what will
be the judgment of Congress upon the great
problems now confronting it. [f they can liiul
a shorter and truer path to safety and peace
than this. _[ will gladly accompany them in it.
For myself, I have looked for such a pat h for four
years, and I have been wholly unable to see any
other than this. I earnestly invoke the Senate
to try it.
Mr. President, I know of nothing in the life
of Christ more touching, or, if you think of it,
more terrible, than that scene narrated by His
first biographer when, standing in the temple
and contemplating the great destruction that,
was soon to overtake the city. lie exclaimed:
"0'Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that kille-t the
prophets, and stonest them which are sent unto thcc, 1
now often would I have gathered thy children to- [
getlier, even as a hen gathcreth her chickens under
her wmgs, and ye would not! i
Behold, yonr house is left unto you desolate." ]
And when I remember how the Almighty \
lias held us by the hand during the late deadlv
struggle, how He has led us more visiblv thaii
He ever did any other people since He guided J
the Israelites out of Egypt; how we in these !
very days jiave seen Him again part the lied !
sea that this nation might walk through drv ; '
and when I contemplate the possibility that we
may refuse after all to cross the river of preju-
dice that lies before us, that we may not be able
even now to cast off the idea that "they are all
giants" on the other side, that we may not
after all dare to be sensible, that we may leave
those who have been sent to us to be stoned by
their enemies, I sometimes think I hear the
same Jesus bending from the great white throne,
where He sitteth evermore by the side of the
Father, and exclaiming with the same infinite
tenderness, 0 America, America, how often
would I have gathered thy children together,
even as a hen gatheretli her chickens under her
wings, and ye would not; henceforth your house
is left unto you desolate.
Mr. President, I move that this resolution,
if there is no occasion for its further considera-
tion at present, be referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. JOHNSON". Will the honorable mem-
ber withdraw that motion for a moment that I
may say a word or two ?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly, I withdraw it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise with
no view to express any opinion upon the ques-
tions which have been considered by the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin. In the relation in which
I stand to some of these questions, you having
done me the honor to place me upon the com-
mittee on reconstruction, it would be in very
bad taste, as 1 think, to trouble the Senate with
any views of my own which may possibly be
changed by the deliberations of that committee.
There is, however, one question which involves
a construction of the Constitution in a particu-
lar, as I think, vital to its existence, upon which,
very briefly, I invite the attention of the Sen-
ate. The honorable member from Wisconsin
seems to suppose, indeed has so asserted 
Mr. SUMNEli. Perhaps the Senator would
like an adjournment, and if he will give way
I will move it.
Mr. JOHNSON. No; I do not intend to
speak more than ton or fifteen minutes. I would
rather go on now if the Senate are willing to
listen. I mil not anxious to go into executive
session or to adjourn.
Mr. SUMNElt. Wo can take this up to-
morrow.
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. SUMNER,
adjourn.
I have no objection.
I move that the Senate
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Before put-
ting that motion, the Chair will lay before the
Senate several messages from the President of
the United States.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
T'UESFDT1NTTAT, MESSAGES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, communicating, in compliance
with a resolution of the Senate of December
. 23, 1W>, information in relation to the charges
j against Jefferson Davis, and the reasons why
! he is held in confinement and has not been
i put ujioii his trial; which was. on motion of
! Mr, Howard, ordered to lie on the table and
be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Had not that communi-
cation better be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary?
Mr. HOWARD. Not. yet. Lotus see what
it is first.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, also laid be-
fore the Senate a message from the President
of the United Slates, communicating, in com-
pliance with a resolution of the Senate of De-
cember ] ], 18H->, information respecting the oc-
cupation by French troops of the republic of
-Mexico and the establishment of a monarchy
there: which was ordered to lie on the table,
and be printed. i
He also laid before the Senate a message from
the President of the United States, communi- j
eating, in compliance nith a resolution of the ]
Senate of December 19, 1805, info nnatiou in
regard to plans to induce the immigration of
dissatisfied citizens of the United States into
Mexico, and especially in regard to the plans !
of Dr. William M. G-win and M. F. Maury;
which was ordered to lie on the table, and be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the joint resolution of the Senate (S. It. No. 7)
for increasing the bond of the Superintendent
of Public Printing.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives (H. R. No. 24) for the relief of
Lucretia M. Perry, widow of the late Nathaniel
H. Perry, United States Navy, was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Itis moved
by the Senator from Massachusetts that the
Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw that, motion.
Mr. FOOT. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
It is understood that there are several execu-
tive messages on the table.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business; and after a short time spent in exec-
utive session the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, January 10, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. _ Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. 0. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
OHIO CON'TJBSTED ELECTION.
_ Mr. FINCK. I desire to present the memo-
rial of Hon. Charles Follett, contesting the seat
of Hon. Columbxjs Delano as Representative
from the thirteenth congressional district of
Ohio. I move that it be referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
The motion was agreed to.
MEMBER SWORX IN.
Mr. TAYLOR. I rise to a question of privi-
lege. My colleague, Hon. Morgan Jones, is
present and desires to qualify.
Hon. Morgan Jones, Representative-elect
from the fourth congressional district of New
York, appeared, and having taken the oaths
prescribed by the Constitution and the act of
July 2, 1862, took his seat.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the committees for
reports, commencing where the call was sus-
pended yesterday.
NAVAL APPROPRIATION RILL.
Mr. STEVENS, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported a bill making appropria
I tions for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1867 ; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, made the
special order for the 17tli instant, and ordered
to be printed.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the next busi-
ness in order, to call the States and Territories
tor resolutions, commencing, where the call was
suspended yesterday, with the State of Penn-
sylvania.
PAY OV ASSISTANT DOOT1KEEPEK.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, submit-
ted the following resolution, upon %vhieli he
demanded the previous question:
Jtexolvc?, That the salary of 0. S. Buxton, Piist
Assistant "Doorkeeper of this Huu?e forrhe Thirty-
Ninth Congress, be made equal to that of the reading
elcrk.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. YAN XIOItN, of New York, moved to
reconsiderthe vote by which the resolution was
