4114
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
ment for to-day. It should be acted upon this
morning, I believe. I move to take it up.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
which was passed by the House of Representa-
tives on the 18th instant:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
Representatives bo authorized to close the present
session by adjourning their respective Houses on the
25th day of July, at twelvo o'clock meridian.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
"the 25th" and insert"the 27th." To-day is
the 25th, I believe.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say Monday?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will make a motion
for the 27th and Senators, if they choose to do
so, can move to amend the motion. I will also
include in my motion to strike out the words
" at twelve o'clock meridian." It may be neces-
sary to go a little beyond that time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out '-25th" and inserting
" 27th," and also by striking out after the word
".inly" the woids "at twelve o'clock merid-
ian so that the resolution will read:
Ileailzc'l, (the .Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
d'-al ol the Senaio and tho Speaker of the House of
lie-pi esenlatives be authorized to close the present
se^um by adjourning their respective ilouscs on the
'SH ii day of July.
.Mr. SU JINER. I move to amend the amend-
ment by substituting the 30th. That will be
Monday.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to observe that
1 moved to strike out the words '1 at twelve
o'clock meridian" for the reason that I thought
it very doubtful whether we should be able to
get through by that time. 1 knoiv in the former
practice here when a day has been fixed for an
adjournment it has been considered that the day
busts, if necessary, until the next day at noon.
Now, if you insert the hour, the adjournment
must be at that hour. When we adjourn the
second session, the Congress expires on tho 3d
or -Hh of March at twelve o'clock, and tho two
Houses must be adjourned when that hour ar-
rives: but, according to my recollection, when
we fix a day of adjournment for the first ses-
sion it has not been the custom to fix thg hour.
I suppose if the hour was fixed, when that hour
arrived it would he necessary to carry the order
into effect. 1 think it would be rather danger-
ous to fix Friday at twelve o'clock meridian,
because we may not be quite finished by that
time. But, H' it is necessary to fix the hour, I
think perhaps another day might be better. I
should like to inquire of experienced Senators
whether it, is absolutely necessary. 1 think the
Chair will be able to inform the Senate.
Mr. SIIELIMAN. The Constitution, every
other session, fixes the day of adjournment on
the illi of March. No hour is fixed. Some-
times it has been continued until the close of
th(#Ncssion on that day. That has been the
established precedent, and therefore it is not
necessary, in the order, to fix the hour, be-
cause the Constitution, which provides for the
adjournment every other session, does not fix
the hour. It fixes the day, and the day is con-
strued to mean until the termination of the
session of that day. 1 think the Senator from
Maine is correct; and if the hour is not fixed
we shall have the benefit of Friday's session*
As a mailer of course, when the business is
done a resolution is usually sent from one
House to the other, asking if there is any fur-
ther business, even where the hour is fixed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is the
impression of the Chair that the practice has
been uniform to fix the hour for the adjourn-
ment at the long session, the Constitution fixing
it at the short session.
Mr. FESSENDEN'. My recollection about
it is. that we fix simply the day.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is usual to fix the hour,
the Chair says. The precedent may be that
way; but I do not think there is any necessity
for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think we have within
my experience, on mere than one occasion,
gone over from the day fixed in fact to the next
day at noon before we adjourned, because the
business was not finished, and it was absolutely
necessary to continue the session.
Mr. SUMNER. I think .that is always at
the close of the short session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; at the short ses-
sion we must adjourn at a particular time,
because the Constitution adjourns us.^
Mr. TRUMBULL. But we may adjourn a
short session before that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know we may.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "VVe have not always sat
at the short session until twelve o'clock of the
4th of March.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I never knew it other-
wise. I never knew an adjournment until
twelve o'clock arrived on the 4th of March;
that is when the Congress expires, and of
course it must adjourn then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think it has not always
been so.
Mr. SUMNER. If we adjourn on Monday
at twelvo o'clock, that will allow time for the
enrolling of the bills.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They can be enrolled
before that.
Mr. SUMNER. There is always a great
pressure of that kind at the end of the session,
and taking till Monday will enable us also to
finish a'great deal of business that is pending.
I hope that we may yet take up the bankrupt
bill. I do not despair of that. I hope my
friend from Vermont will not let the bankrupt
bill go over this session. I will ask him if he
pioposes to abandon the bankrupt bill during
the remainder of this session. If we adjourn
on Friday, that will be equivalent to an aban-
donment of the bankrupt bill. If we sit here
until Monday or later, we may take up that bill
and proceed with it to an end. I do not think
we ought to adjourn until we have finished that
bill.
Mr. POLAND. I supposed that the vole
which was taken the other day on the question
of taking up the bankrupt bill and laying tlfet
motion on the table was regarded as final for
this session ; but still I should be very glad to
have the bill passed and very willing to remain
here long enough to have it passed, if that is
the sense of the Senate.
Mr. CRIMES. If we agree to adjourn on
Monday or Friday or Saturday, the appropria-
tion bill now pending will drag its slow length
along for three days; and if we agree to adjourn
to-morrow at twelve o'clock the bill will be
passed, and it will be in just as perfect a shape
when we pass it and all of our other business
will be just as well disposed of as if we sat here
for a week. I am in favor, instead of length-
ening the time, of shortening it.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see how we can
tell at this moment whether we can adjourn on
Friday or not. There are some bills that it is
more important to pass than it is to adjourn, I
am sure, and particularly the one which the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] has given us
notice of, for the admission of Nebraska, and
I think we ought not to adjourn until that is
passed. There are some measures pending of
such public importance that I do not think we
can justify ourselves in going away until they
are disposed of, and we do not know at this
moment whether we can pass them or not bj7 that
lime. I of course shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. CONNESS. With my observation of
the business of the Senate, it is clear to me that
Monday would be the best day to fix. I think
we can get through by that time. It will leave
sufficient time intervening to get up all the im-
portant business. Whether the bankrupt bill
shall be included in that or not will be for the
Senate to determine. There is another appro-
priation bill in addition to the one that is now
pending to be considered; and 1 cannot agree
to the argument of the honorable Senator from
Iowa that no matter how short a time wo fix,
the business will be equally well done. If that
be the case, we might adjourn at noon to-day
or to-morrow.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not say so, in the first
place.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I misunderstood the
Senator. I hope that the amendment will be
adopted. I think Monday will be a good time
to adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hardly think that
we ?can get through to-morrow, as suggested
by my friend from Iowa. In addition to the
miscellaneous appropriation bill, which is not
yet finished, there is a deficiency bill coming
from the House of Representatives which it is
necessary to act upon, and the House of Rep-
resentatives have disagreed to our amendments
to the revenue bill, and there has to be a con-
ference on that. Those, in my judgment, are
all the measures that are absolutely necessary,
because they are all that come from the Com-
mittee on Finance. What others there may be
it is for others to say. But those are all in the
shape of appropriation bills that it is," I think,
absolutely essential to pass before we adjourn.
Perhaps we can get through on Friday. I was
disposed to fix Friday on the supposition that if
we did not get through by noon on that day, our
session on Friday, being fixed generally, would
last until we adjourned. 1 am informed by the
Chief Clerk that an hour has always been fixed
at the long session. If that is so, I suppose
that is the ordinary lule.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The recol-
lection of the Chair is that the hour has always
been fixed, but it has frequently been the prac-
tice of the two Houses, by a concurrent resolu-
tion, to protract from hour to hour, sometimes
for several times, the length of the session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. When the hour is fixed,
my recollection is we have often postponed the
hour by a eoncurrentresolution from one House
to the other. I think it might as well be left
at twelve o'clock, and if there is occasion, when
that hour is nearly arrived, for prolonging the
session, we can do it by a concurrent resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will vary my motion
so as not to strike out the words "at twelve
o'clock meridian," and then it is for the Sen-
ate to decide -whether Friday is the proper day
for an adjournment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment
striking out "the 27th" and inserting "the
30th."
Mr. WADE. I do not believe that we can
do the business that is most pressing before us
sooner than by Monday at twelve o'clock.
There are two bills that I am charged with,
which I have been anxious to get up for more
than six weeks : the one for the admission of
the State of Colorado, and the other for the
admission of Nebraska. The Senators elected
from those States are here. The admission of
a State is as important business as any other.
When a State has prepared to come into the
Union on our own invitation, and has sent her
representatives here from a great distance, we
ought not to snub them and send them back
without the question being acted upon.
I hope, sir, that no childish impatience will
impel us to adjourn, leaving this important
business undone. I am as anxious to go as
anybody else; but I would rather stay here
than to leave the most important business
undone or hurry it through without its being
done as well as it can be done. My better
opinion is that we ought not to adjourn at all.
That was the almost uniform sentiment of the
Senate itself two months ago. that from the
peculiar condition in which the country was at
this time, the great council of the nation ought
not to abandon its post now and surrender all
all its best interests into hands that most of us
believe to be hostile to them. I think, sir, we
ought to act as the guardians of the country,
which the people have sent us here to be, es-
pecially in the peculiar circumstances in which
we are placed.
When all the branches of the Government
are harmonious, all acting alike, all consent-
ing to the same great principles, we can leave
the country in the guardianship of tho Presi-
dent of the United States; but there is an
