1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
motion before the Senate to proceed to the
consideration of another bill, the Colorado bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not wish to antagonize
anything to that motion. Dal understand the
Senator fromMinnesotatowithdrawthat motion
at present?
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir. I think we ought
to make some progress with it at least. After
it is taken up, if Senators desire it to go over,
it can be done.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not wish to antago-
nize with that bill.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Min-
nesota, to proceed to the consideration of the
Colorado bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 74) for the admission
of the State of Colorado into the Union.
Mr. STEWART. I move to fill the blank
in the preamble witR the word "twelve," so
that it will read, "and whereas it appears by
the message of the President of the United
States, dated January 12, 1806, that the said
people have adopted a constitution," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. It has been suggested to
me by the friends of the bill that it bo post-
poned until Monday, and made the special or-
der for that day at one o'clock. I make that
motion.
The motion was agreed to.
A. T..SPENCER AND GURDON S. HUBBARD.
Mr. DIXON. I ask the Senate now to take
up Senate bill No. 114.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 114) for the relief of A. T. Spencer and
Gurdon S. Hubbard was read a second time
and considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It instructs the Postmaster General to audit
and adjust the account of A. T. Spencer and
Gurdon S. Hubbard for carrying the United
States mail from Chicago, Illinois, to Mackinac,
Sault Ste. Marie, Marquette, Copper Harbor,
Eagle ITarbor, Eagle River, and Ontonagon,
Michigan ; La Pointe and Superior, Wisconsin;
from 1854 to 1858, inclusive, and allow therefor
such amount as to him shall appear just and
equitable, not exceeding the amount allowed
for the same service to the party who after-
ward performed it under contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have the
report read.
Mr. DIXON. There is a report accompany-
ing the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Unless it is called for
by some Senator, it need not be read.
Mr. CLARK. Let it be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no report accompany-
ing the bill.
Mr. DIXON. There was a report made at
a previous session, which was adopted as the
report of the committee at this session, which
I ask may be read.
The Secretary read the following report, sub-
mitted by Mr. Hale on the 27th of February,
1860:
The Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads, to
whom was referred the petition of A. T. Spencer and
G. S. Hubbard, of Chicago, Illinois, praying compen-
sation for services performed in carrying the mail? on
their line of steamers between Chicago and the ports
on Lake Superior, have had the same under consid-
eration, and be? leave to report:
The memorialists represent that they transported,
at the request of the postmasters and agents of the
Post Office Department, the United States mails in
steamboats between the city of Chicago, Illinois, and
the several ports on Lake Superior, from the year
ISSi to the present time, during the season ot navi-
gation, for which they have not been compensated,
and they now pray that Congress will allow them a
fair and equitable remuneration for the said service.
They farther represent that this service was per-
formed in contemplation of an allowance to be made
to them equal to that awarded by the Government
for service of a similar character, and the distinct
assurance of the agents of the Post Office Deparmcnt
was given to thorn fliat they would be adequately
compensated therefor. .
The evidence before the committee of the faithful
and efficient character of the service rendered by the
memorialists is clear and satisfactory; and that it
was undertaken and performed at the request of the
Government officials having charge of the mails.
Most satisfactory proof of the performance of the
service is to be found in the testimony of Captains
JT. E. Turner, John Wilson, and 13. G. Sweet, con-
firmed by the affidavits of the postmasters at Chicago,
Milwaukee, Mackinac, Marquette, Eagle River. On-
tonagon, and La Pointe. This evidence, coming from
men of characterand experience, entirely conversant
with all the facts connected with the transportation
of the mails on the route, is such as the committee
are disposed to place the fullest reliance in as sub-
stantiatmgthe facts alleged by the memorialists.
^Che evidence beingsomewhat voluminous, the com-
mittee will not burden the Sena.te with its full pub-
lication, but will solicit its attention to the explicit
affidavit of Captain J. E. Turner, appended to this
report, marked exhibit E.
The witnesses generally concur in thestatementset
forth in the petition that the service was performed
by the memorialists at times under circumstances of
great hazard to life and property; anditisthcunan-
imous opinion of the committee that they should re-
ceive compensation proportionate to the service ren-
dered and the danger incurred.
The committee arc satisfied that the steamers be-
longing to the line owned by the memorialists afford
the most expeditious and reliable means for the ti^ins-
portalion of the mail between the city of Chicago and
the several ports on Lake Superior: and moreover,
that itwas through their agency that the inhabitants
of a remotely located country were furnished with
theirsemi-nionthly mails from that point, during the
season of navigation, since the year 1854.
From all the evidence in the case, and from-* the
statements of reliable persons having a personal
knowledge of the facts, the committee are confident
that the service for which compensation is sought was
actually and faithfully performed; that the interest
of a large and active business community engaged in
the development of an important sourcc of national
wealth required the performance of the scrvicc ren-
dered bv the memorialists, and for which they have
received no compensation.
In view of the facts in the ease tho committee be-
lieve that a bill should be passed instructing the
Postmaster General to settle the claim of the mem-
orialists, upon the principle of a compensation equal
to that paid for like scrvicc of the United States; and
they report a bill accordingly and recommend its
passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is notneces-
sary to read the testimony accompanying the
report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The further
reading of the report will be dispensed with if
there be no objection.
Mr. DIXON. The bill is not entirely in
accordance with that report. It does not pro-
vide that these persons shall receive an amount
equal to what would have been paid by con-
tract, but that the Postmaster General shall
make an equitable settlement of their claim, not
exceeding that sum.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
I'OLSOM AND PLACERVILLE RAILROAD.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 125.
The motion was agreed to j and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 125J granting aid in
the construction of a railroad and .telegraph
line from the town of Folsom to the town of
Placerville, in the State of California.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Thcbill
has been read heretofore, but the Committee
on Public Lands have reported the bill with
various amendments, which will now be read
and considered in their order.
The first amendment of the committee was
in section one, line four, after the word " com-
pany" to insert the words, "a corporation
existing under the laws of the State of Cali-
fornia;" so that it will read:
That the Placerville and Sacramento Valley Rail-
road Company, a corporation existing under the laws
of the State of California, is hereby authorized and
empowered to lay out, locate, construct, famish,
equip, maintain, and enjoy a continuous railroad
and telegraph line, with the appurtenances, from
the town of Folsom to the town of Placerville, m the
State of California, &c.
The-amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
twelve, to strike out the words " and so forth.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line four, to insert the words " railroad^and"
before the word "telegraph;" in line eight to
strike out the word "even" and insert " odd
inline twenty-one, to strike out the word '* ten''
and to insert " twentyand inline twenty-
three, to strike out1 fhb word ^ten" and to
insert " twenty;" so that it will read: ' if *
t Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That ih ere bo, and
" hereby,-granted to the Placerville and Sacramento
V alley Railroad Company, its successors and assigns,"
for the purpose of aiding in the construction,of-saia
railroad and telegraph line, and to secure the safe and
speedy transportation of tho mails, troops," munitions
of war, and public stores o y er the route of said lineOf
railway, every alternate section of public land. not
containing gold or silver, designated by odd 'numbers,
to the amount ,of ten alternate sections per mile, oh
each side of said railroad line, as said'company may
adopt, whenever, on theline thereof, the TJnite&fitates
have full title, not reserved, sold, granted, or other-
wise appropriated, and free from preemption or other
claims or rights at the time the line of said road is
definitely fixed, and a plat thereof filed in the office
of the Commissioner of the General La.nd Office; and
whenever, prior to said time, any of said sections or
parts of sections shall have been granted, sold, re-
served, or covered by private land grants, or occupied
by homestead settlers, or preempted, or otherwise
disposed of, other lands shall be selected by said com-
pany, in lieu thereof on the line of said road, within
twenty miles of the same, under tho direction of the
Secretary of the Interior, in alternate sections, and
designated by odd numbers, not more than twenty
miles beyond the limits of said alternate sections. '
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twenty-four, after the word "provided7'
to strike out the following words:
That all lands containing gold or silver be, and the
same are hereby, excluded Irom the operations of this
act, and in lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied
and unappropriated publiclands. in even-numbered
Sections, nearest to trie line of said road, may ho se-
lected as above provided: And provided further.
So that the proviso will read:
Provided, That the word mineral, when it occurs in
this act, shall not be hold to include iron or coal.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section five, line
thirteen, after the word "rates" to insert the
words "to the Government, its officers or
agents; " so that the proviso will read:
Provided, That said company shall not charge
higher rates to the Government, its officers or agents,
than they do to individuals l'or like transportation-
and telegraphic service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in section six,
line three, to strike out the word " ten" and
to insert "twenty," and in line six to strike
out tho word "even" and insert "odd."
Mr. CONNESS. Those are merely clerical
amendments to make that section correspond
to the other sections of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those cor-
rections will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
The next amendment was to strike out the
tenth scction of the bill, in the following words:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said Placer-
ville and Sacramcnto Valley railroad, or any part
thereof, shall be a post route and military railroad,
subject to the use of the United States for postal,
military, naval, and all other Government service,
and also subject to such regulations as Congress may
impose, restricting the charges forsueh Government
transportation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That com-
pletes the amendments reported by the com-
mittee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is not my purpose
to oppose the bill, but I feel it to be my duty
to let the Senate know in what respect this
bill is a departure from the policy of the Gov-
ernment in granting lands to the States in aid
of the construction of railroads. In the first
place, the first section of this -bill proposes to
grant to this railroad company certain powers.
Whether independently of this proposed grant
of power to a company of a, State, the com-
pany, by virtue of State legislation, possesses
the same powers, I do not know, and I believe
the Senate is not informed by any report from
the committee. It is rather extraordinary that
the Senate should propose by an act of Con-
gross to confer upon a corporation of a State
the power to construct a railroad upon a cer-
tain line.
In the next place, this bdl departs irom the
general policy in making the grant to the com-
pany itself instead of making it to the Stale.
I know that in the case of the l'acilic road the
grant, I believe, was made directly to the com-
