1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
adopted ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TAX ON TOBACCO.
Mr. TAYLOR submitted the following reso-
lution; which was read, considered, and agreed
to;
Reiolved, That the following resolutions, passed by
the National Association of Tobacconists, in conven-
tion held at the Cooper Institute, in the city of New
York, November 22,1865, be, and the same are hereby,
referred to the Committee of "Ways and Means, with a
request to inquire into the expediency of submitting,
at an early day, an act amendatory of an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt, and
for other purposes," approved June 30,1864, so as to
conform to the suggestions therein contained:
" Whereas the present law relating to the manufac-
ture of tobacco, and assessing a tax upon it, has, dur-
ing the past three years of its operation, fully and
conclusively demonstrated to the members of this
association, and to all others connected with the
manufacture of tobacco, its utter injustice and una-
daptability to the nature and requirements of the
trade, as well as to the wants of the Government, in
the impossibility of its stringent and impartial en-
forcement, thereby, in reality, offering a reward for
the evasion of the payment of the tax, and for the
defrauding the Treasuryof its just dues; and whereas
under the present law those manufacturers who have
always willingly paid their taxes, andgladly strength-
ened the hands of the Government financially, find
their business fast passing from them under the con-
trol of irresponsible and dishonest men, whom the
present law cannot punish, as the statistics of the
department of internal revenue conclusively show;
and whereas, owing to the depressing influence of the
present-law, every department of the trade is entirely
prostrated and many workmen are thereby thrown
out of employment and thus divested of the means
of honest support; and whereas it is the unanimous
conviction of the members of this association, found-
ed upon the experience of the past three years with
the workings of the internal revenue law, as it relates
to the manufacture of tobacco and cigars and snuff
in this country, and is strengthened by the workings
of similar laws in other countries, that the removal
of the tax from the manufactured article to the raw
material or leaf will impart a healthy tone to the
trade, in protecting the manufacturer and workmen
from tho covert and sinister operations of irresponsi-
ble and dishonest parties, ana will increaso the rev-
enue to the national Treasury by several million dol-
lars annually; Therefore,
"Be it resolved, That the members of this association
respectfully but urgently request Congress to remove
the tax from manufactured tobaeco to the raw ma-
terial or leaf, as an act of justice to the honest manu-
facturer, an act which can work no injury to the grow-
ers, and at tho sarao time as an act of precaution to
protect the public Treasury from fraud.
"Resolved, That as the tariff on imported cigars
valued at fifteen dollars per thousand or less is at pres-
ent from twenty to thirty percent, less than the duties
levied by the Government on quality of cigars manu-
factured in this country, thus offering a premium to tho
foreign rather than to the home manufacturer, there-
fore we deem it the imperative duty of Congress to
raise the tariff on imported cigars to an amount at
least equal to that paid by the home manufacturer."
channel at hell gate.
Mr. RAYMOND submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the feasibility of deepening
tho channel at Hell Gate, East river, New York, so
as to allow the ingress and egress of vessels of war and
commerce; and if, by modern discoveries and inven-
tions, it shall bo found practicable to deepen or widen
said channel, the said committee is hereby instructed
to report a bill to effect the desired object.
duty on cotton fabrics.
Mr. WINFIELD submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to inquire into the expediency of less-
ening the import duty on cotton fabrics, and that
they report by bill or otherwise.
tiie peevious question.
Mr. HALE. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the previous question was designed
as a means of reasonable limitation of debate, and
not for the entire suppression thereof, and that a due
regard both for the public interests and the rights of
minorities requires that no measure involving im-
portant questions of principle or policy ought to pass
this House without a reasonable opportunity for de-
bate.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that the resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Rules,
and on that motion I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered •, and under the operation
thereof the motion to refer was agreed to.
REPORTER OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. HALE also offered the following resor
lution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures be instructed to report to this House what com-
pensation, if any, has been paid to any reporter or
reporters appointed under a resolution of the House
passed January 5, 1865, and what services have been
rendered by such reporter or reporters, whether such
appointment ought to be longer continued, and if so,
whether tho present rate of compensation is excessive.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What dis-
position does the gentleman propose to make
of that resolution ?
Mr. HALE. It is a resolution of inquiry-
addressed to the Committee on Public Expend-
itures.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would suggest
that the Committee of Accounts would prob-
ably be the proper committee to take charge of
this matter. The Committee of Accounts audits
these bills.
Mr. HALE. I will modify the resolution in
that respect. I supposed the Committee on
Public Expenditures was the proper committee.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
income taxes.
Mr. HOG AN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of "Ways and Means
be requested, as early as possible, to revise the entire
system of income taxes, and if found impracticable to
dispense with the whole system, that they mako such
modifications as will provide, first, for raising tho
amount now free from income tax from $600 to §1,200
per annum; second, to reduce the present percent-
age on all incomes.
Mr. WASHB (JIINB, of Illinois. I move to
refer that resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
Mr. HOGAN. The resolution is simply in
the nature of a request.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It seems
to me that the resolution is mandatory. T think
it should go to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
The motion of Mr. Washburne, of Illinois,
was agreed to.
contracts with freedmen.
Mr. WARD submitted the following pream-
ble and resolution:
Whereas it is alleged that a form of contract to be en-
tered in to between tho freedmen and their former mas-
ters in the State of South Carolina, has been adopted
by certain Government officials on theoneside, assum-
ing to represent the fieedmcn, and their former mas-
ters 011 the other side, whereby, among other things,
it is provided that the freedman becomes the servant
of the master for the period of one year; thathcshall
not be permitted to leave tho premises where he is
bound to labor, or to receive visits from relatives or
friends thereon during said timeivithout the master's
consent., nor without such consent to keep any poultry,
stock, <fcc., during the time; that if said freedman is
absent for two days without the master's consent, no
matter for what cause, ho forfeits his whole year's pay,
part of which goes to his master; that if any team,
horses, mules, or farming utensils are injured while
being used by the freedmen such damage shall be
deducted from their wages, it not beingspecificdthat
such liability should only be incurred when the freed-
man was at fault; and in case of any breach of any of
the provisions of the contract by any servant he shall
be liable to forfeit all his wages and be dismissedfrom
the plantation; and whereas it is alleged that said
freedmen are being induced to enter into such con-
tracts . Therefore.
llnnlved. That the select committee onfrcedmcnbo
instructed to inquire into the truth of said allega-
tions, and also to ascertain what contracts, if any, are
being forced upon the freedmen of other States, and
to report by bill or otherwise.
Mr. WARD. I call tho previous question
upon agreeing to the preamble and resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The preamble and resolution were agreed to.
crutches ant) artificial limbs.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, submit
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to;
Zh'sofocd, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider the expediency of exempt-
ing from internal revenue duty the manufacture of
crutchos and artificial limbs, which is now an onerous
tax on disabled soldiers.
POLICY OF THE PRESIDENT.
Mr. DAVIS submitted the following resolu-
tion ;
Resolved, That this House cherish the most entire
confidence in the patriotism and policy of the Presi-
dent of the United States, and in his desire to restore
the Union on the basis of permanent prosperity and
peace, and that the cooperation of this House is
pledged to him in support of the general policy of
reconstruction inaugurated by him m the* modes au-
thorized by the Constitution and consistent with tho
security of republican institutions. - . ' ,5
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise tho
point of order that this resolution should go to
the joint committee on reconstruction withojit
debate, under the rule.
Mr. DAVIS. I think not. I offer this res-
olution for the purpose of debate, and in proper
order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order taken by the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] the resolution not
referring specially or directly to the subject of
representation. But the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis] rising to debate the resolu-
tion, it goes over under the rule.
JEFFERSON DAVIS AND OTHERS.
Mr. CONKLING-jbyunanimous consent sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the President of the United States
be requested, if not incompatible with the public in-
terest, to communicate to this House any report or
reports made by the Judge Advocate General, or any
other officer of the Government, as to the grounds,
facts, or accusations upon which Jefferson Davis,
Clement 0. Clay, jr., Stephen R. Mallory, and David
X;. Yulee, or either of them, are held in confinement.
Mr. CONKLING- moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the resolu-
tion ; and moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table. 1
The latter motion was agreed to.
punishment of counterfeiting-.
Mr. BRANDE GEE, in pursuance of previous
notice, introduced a bill to punish counterfeit-
ing with death ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
penitentiary in district of columbia.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill authorizing the construction
of a jail, penitentiary, and house of correction
in and for the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
qualification of electors.
Mr. ROLLINS, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution for the amendment
of the Constitution, authorizing Congress to de-
fine the qualifications and provide for the elec-
tion of electors of President and Vice Presi-
dent, and of members of Congress; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the J udiciary.
papers withdrawn.
Mr. ORTH asked and obtained leave' to with-
draw from the files of the House, leaving copies,
the papers in the case of Peter Wheeler.
Mr. BEAMAN asked and obtained leave to
withdraw from the files of the House tho peti-
tion of W. A. Noble and others, asking_for an
appropriation lor the purpose of repairing a
breach in the Government canal at Monroe
harbor.
national currency.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend "the act to provide a
national currency secured by a pledge of Uni- •
ted States bonds, and to provide for the cir-
culation and x-edemption thereof; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Banking and Currency.
extra pay of prisoners of war.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, also
introduced a joint resolution in reference to
three months' extra pay of prisoners of war:
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
