172
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
trial of jefferson davis.
The SPEAKER announced, as the next busi-
ness in order, the consideration of resolutions
heretofore presented, and lying over under the
rules. The first in order was the following
offered December 18, 18G5, by Mr. Moclton :
Resolved, That if it is not incompatible witli the
public interest, the President be. and is hereby, re-
spectfully requested to communicate to this House
why Jefferson Davis, who is said to be confined at
Fortress Monroe, has not been tried for his treason
against the Government, and, if any, what obstacles
are in the way of a speedy trial of this great crim-
inal.
Mr. MOULTON. I demand the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
IMPERIAL MEXICAN EXPRESS COMPANY.
The next resolution in order was the follow-
ing, offered on Monday last by Mr. Randall,
of Kentucky:
t Resolved, That the President be requested, if not
inconsistent with the public interest, to communicate
to this House any information in possession ol the Gov-
ernment in relation to a company called "the Im-
perial-Mexican Express Company," alleged to have
been organized in thecity of New York, under a grant
from the so-called IOmperor of Mexico, lor the purpose
Of carrying on the contraband or other trade between
the Mexican republic, the United States, and other
nations, and especially any letters or correspondence
on the subject with any party or parties.
Mr. WASHBUIiNE, of Illinois. T demand
the previous question on the adoption of the
resolution.
The previous question was seconded, and the
mam question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. \V ASHBURNB, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the resolution was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsidcr be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enforcement of the monroe doctrine.
The next resolution in order was the follow-
ing, submitted December 11, 1805, by Mr. Van'
IIorn, of Missouri:
Whereas the rights of foreign Powers to territorial
possessions on (his con Uncut ceased with those of dis-
covery; tluifc thcsju-efssial establishment of this Re-
public ovcr so large a portion of the continent de-
termined the form oJt government best adapted to the
people inhabiting it; that it is the duty of utijehbor-
ins States to assist each other in guarding rights and
interests common to all; that conquest and subjuga-
tion cannot bo lecognized as a security for mere pe-
cuniary gi iovance* by American States; and that the
forcible seizure of Mexico by foreign troops, the seat-
ing of a foreign emperor on a throne erected on the
rums oi fhat republic, and his retention by foieuui
bayonets, is in violation of all these, and e:mm>t be
permitted by the United States without failing in tho
highest duties of a powerful State: Therefore,
/fVso/iW, That the Committee on Foreign Affairs
be instiucU'd.to inquire into and report what meas-
ures and means may be necessary on the part of the
United States to restore to the Mexican people the
free and unrestricted, rjght to choose their own form
oi government,and oi giving effect to fhc unanimous
voice of the people of this nation, that no foreign
Power shall impose despotic government upon any
State or people of this continent.
Mr. KASSON. I suppose, Mr. Speaker, this
is really intended as a resolution of inquiry:
but if we should adopt it in its present form,
we (should put ourselves in the position of af-
firming the statements of the preamble, one of
which pledges us. at' T understand, to assist
other countries in guarding their rights and in-
terests. _ I hope, therefore, that the gentleman
from Missouri [Mr. Vax Hojin] will consent
to tho reterence of the preamble and resolution !
to the Committee on Foreign Affair.-;, for their j
report, without requiring us to pass at this time \
upon the statements of the preamble. T move j
that the preamble and resolution be referred to '
the Committee on Foreign Affairs. I
Mr. \ AN HORN, of Missouri. I will agree i
to that. I
The motion of Mr. Kassox was agreed to. i
negro suffrage.
The next resolution in order was the follow-
ing, submitted on the lltli of December, 1865,
by Mr. Noell:
Resolved, That the House of Representatives will
not exclude the members of Congress elected in any
of the States recently in rebellion because of the fact
that the negroes, as a class, were excluded from voting
at-the election of said members.
_ Mr. NOELL. I demand the previous ques-
tion on the adoption of-the resolution.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
I submit that this resolution must properly go
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The resolution must go to the
joint committee on reconstruction without de-
bate, in accordance with the rule adopted, on
motion of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wil-
son,] since this resolution was offered.
MESSAGE FliOM THE PRESIDENT.
A message was received frotfi the President
of the United States by Colonel William G.
Moore, announcing that he had approved and
signed an act making an appropriation for re-
furnishing and repairing the President's House;
and an act for the relief of Mrs. Mary Lincoln,
widow of the late President of the United States;
and also a message in writing.
secession.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to bo the consideration of a resolution
offered by Mr. Eumudue, which lay over under
the rule, debate arising thereon, declaring that
there is no warrant or authority in the Consti-
tution of the United States for any State or
btates to secede, and that all resolves or ordi-
nances to that end or for that purpose are ab-
solutely null and void; and that the war hav-
ing defeated the attempt to thus divide and
break up the Union, it is of vital importance
to the Republic and to all the States thereof
that the States recently in revolt, and each and
every one of them, should resume tlieir appro-
priate_ and constitutional positions and func-
tions in the Union without delay: and to this
end, laying aside all party feeling and all per-
sonal or other animosity, waiving all minor
differences, and seeking earnestly to maintain
and preserve the Union of our lathers, we will
cordially sustain and support the President in
every and all constitutional efforts and policy
of restoration, believing that thereby the polit-
ical, commercial, financial, and general pros-
perity of tho whole country will be most sub-
stantially and permanently subserved.
Mr. CONKED* O. I rise to a question of
order. I submit the point of order that that
resolution clearly falls within the rule sending
such resolutions to the joint committee on re-
construction.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that the resolution, under the rale, goes to
the committee on reconstruction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I apt >eal from the decision
of the Chair.
Mr. ROGERS. I suggest, whether the point
of order does not come too late.
rl he SPEAKER. The Chair thinks not.
Mr. ASHB URNE, of Illinois. I move
that tho appeal be laid upon the table.
rI he SPEAKER. The Chair will explain his
decision on the point of order. The resolution
states that ''the States recently in revolt, each
and every one of them, should resume their ap-
propriate and constitutional position and func-
tions in the Union without delay." One of
their constitutional functions would be to be
represented in both branches of Congress. The
rule adopted by the House reads as follows :
"-Rcsolvi'}, That all papers wliieh mw be offered '
relative to the representation of the Tate so-called I
confederate States of America, or either of them, I
shall be referred to the joint committee of fifteen >
without debate; and no member shall bo admitted j
from either of said so-called States until Congress 1
shall declare such States, or either of them, entitled '
to rejiresentation." j
Tho gentleman's resolution evidently refers to li
the representation of those States, and the Chair !l
decides that under that rule it must go to the
joint committee on leconstruction.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I suggest to the Chair
that my resolution refers to the action of the
President.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opinion
that when the resolution speaks of the consti-
tutional functions of the States it refers to their
representation in Congress as one of them.
Representation is one of the highest constitu-
tional functions of a State. The Chair decides
that, under the rule, the resolution must go to
the committee on reconstruction.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is debate
in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. HILL. Cannot a part of the resolution
be referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction ?
The SPEAKER. The resolution cannot be
divided, and must be acted on as a whole.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays pn the motion to lay the appeal" from, the
decision of the Chair upon the table.
The House was divided; and there were—
ayes 20, noes 95.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered, antl Messrs Eldmdge,
and Asiiley of Ohio, were appointed.
The House was again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes twenty-seven, more than one
fifth of those present.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 119, nays 30, not voting
33; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Deles R.Ashley. James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell,
iimgham, Blaine, Bouhvell, Brande^ee, Bromwell,
Broomall, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clark, Cobb, Colliding, Cook, Cullom, Darling,
Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Deming, Donnelly, Ecklcy,
Pihot, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell, (rriswold,
Hale, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson,
Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester I>. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, James K. Hubbeli, James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McClurg, McKeo. McRuer, Mercur,
M\ller, Moorhead, Morrill, Moms, Moulton, Mvers,
Isewcll, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham, Pike. Plants,
Price, Ravmond, Alexander H. Riee, John H. Riee,
Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spal-
ding, Stevens, Stillwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
Ihornton, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Elihu B.
Washburne, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wil-
liams James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
and w ood bridge—119.
NAYS —Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, "Brooks,
Chanler, Dawson, Denison, EUlridee, Finck, Gioss-
brenner, Gridcr, Aaron Harding, Hosran, Edwin N.
Hubbeli, JamesM.Humphrev, Jones, Kerr, LeBlond,
Niblack, ISicholson, Noell, Radford, Ritter, Rogers,
Sitgroavos, Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Winficld, and
Wright—80.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Blow, Culver, Delano, Dix-
on, Dnggs; Dumont,. Egarleston, Fnrnsworth, Good-
year. Harris, Ilotchkiss, Ilulburd, Johnson, Marston,
McGullough, Mclndoo, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy,
Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall, Rousseau,
bchcnck, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, John L.
Thomas, Trimble, Voorhees, Wa
and Whaley—o3.
Earner, Wentworth,
So the appeal from the decision of the Chair
was laid upon the table.
privilege of tiie floor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, ofPennsylvania, byunan-
imous consent, offered the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to :
Meiolvfid, That Hon. Smith Fuller, contesting the
seat now held by Hon. John L. Dawson, from the
twenty-first district of Pennsylvania, be entitled to
the privileges of the floor during the pendency of the
contest.
SUPERINTENDENT 01' PUBLIC PRINTING.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
take-up Senate joint resolution Xo. 7, provid-
ing for increasing the bond of tlio Superintend-
ent of Public Printing.
No objection was made.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of Semite joint resolution Xo. 7, which
provides that the bond of tho Superintendent of
Public, Printing shall be increased to $80,000.
The joint resolution was read' a first and sec-
