1236
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
panv, but there were important considerations
governing that ease. At. the last session it was
proposed to enlarge a grant to the State of
Wisconsin to aid in building a road from Hud-
son to Superior, a road running in a south-
eastern direction across the State of Wiscon-
sin to Superior, and even in the eases where
there had been old grants and those grants had
been transferred by the States to the company,
Congress refused to make the grant to the com-
pany, but granted the lands to the State that
they might be at the disposal of the State. I
wish to call the attention of the Senate simply
to the fact that this bill and the one to follow
it proposes to make these grants to the com-
pany instead of making them to the State.
What these companies are, what are their
powers, what are their obligations, what arc
their assurances that the road will be con-
structed, I think the Senate is not informed.
The next departure from the policy hereto-
fore adopted in this bill is that the grant is of
ten miles upon each side of the road instead of
six. I know that in several cases last year the
giants were extended from six to twelve miles
upon each side of the road, but it was upon the
ground that the roads passed over a very poor
country, and more land was required to enable
the companies to construct the roads than had
been previously granted. To some extent the
policy became adopted at the last session ofc
making a grant of ten miles on each side of the
road instead of six. This is not in that regard
a departure from the policy altogether ; but H
is right that X should say to the Senate that in
nearly all the grants that have been made they
were limited to six miles on each side of the
roads.
There are other peculiarities about this bill.
If it is the pleasure of the Senate thus to mod-
ify the policy in regard to grants to railroads,
I do not know that I have any very special ob-
jection to it. It has not been regarded here-
tofore as safe to make the grants to the com-
pany, but much more desirable to make the
grants directly to the Slates that they may be
under the control of the State authorities; and
that policy has seemed to work wnll so far.
While 1 have been a very ardent friend of these
grants, [ know enough of them to know that
Congress ought to be very careful in making
them. At the last session we granted—the
committer, were very reluctant to agree to the
bill—an increase of land to one of the Wiscon-
sin roads. K was granted to the State for the
benefit of that. road. At least one, and T un-
derstand others of the parlies that came here
to gel that, grant gave their earnest assurance
that the work would be commenced at. once,
and the road be completed at. an early day.
instead of going to work and laising money lo
build the road, or doing anything about it, they
sold out for a very large sum 6f money the
benefits of that grant. 1 have understood that
they sold it for one hundred and eighty-odd
thousand dollars. The road has now fallen
into the hands of parties in the city of New
York, who, f believe, will build it; but even
with the guard of making the grant to the State
there is an abuse that may be made.
Now, if we make the grant iliroctly to the
company, we place tin1 entire thing at the dis-
posal of a body that. Congress has no control
over, and so tar as the grant is concerned, the
Slate has no control over. When the Senator
from California the other day very earnestly
urged the passage of a bill making a grant of
land for a railroad from the waters opposite to
Sail Francisco up to Humboldt, a distance of
about two hundred miles, and making the grant
to the company itself and not to the State, I
did not object because it was to a very consid-
erable extent through a rough and broken
country, and the land, perhaps, was not of
^very great value. It seems to me we go far
enough in departing from the general policy
when we grant to one company in the State of
California alternate sections of ten miles for
two hundred miles without now passing two
additional bills, No. 125 and No. 126, for two
additional roads.
Mr. STEWART. It is the same road.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The same road, but
two bills making two separate grants to two
additional companies, as I understand it. I
do not believe that it is a safe policy. I did
not think so in the committee-room; I do not
think so here; and although I made no objec-
tion to the first bill that passed, I feel it to be
my duty to call the attention of the Senate to
the peculiar provisions of this measure.
Mr. POMEROY. In reply to the Senator
from Indiana, I will only say that there is no
new provision in this bill, none but what were
incorporated in similar bills last year and ever
since I have been a member of the Senate. It
is true that the policy has been in the case of
new States when they first come into the Union
to give the land to the State for the benefit of
certain lines of communication across the State,
but-in old States, or States that have been many
years in the Union, like the State of Iowa,
where the companies have been organized,
whore they have commenced the work and arc
building the roads, as in this case, we have
made the grant to the companies time and again.
This is a quite different case from what would
he the making of a grant to a company that
had not already spent $1,000,000, and who
had not a real existence. As a general rule in
the new States wo do give the grants to the
States. That is a policy from which we have
never deviated except in the case of the Pacific
railroad. But in States as old as California,
as old as Iowa, and States like Missouri, that
have chartered these companies, and where the
companies arc building the roads themselves
out of then- own means, we then give the com-
pany the grants of land, but with this restric-
tion, not one acre can they gel except as they
build the road.
Mr. CON NESS. And until they have built it..
Mr. POMEROY. And until they have built
it, and they cannot get it in advance of build-
ing it. The old system that was adopted before
I came into the Senate of allowing them to get
land away up on t he line of the road by build-
ing the first section of twenty miles, we have en-
tirely discontinued. They can only get the land
now conterminous with the completed point,
and all our bills contain that feature. We have
refused to deviate in a single instance from it.
The only point in which the bill differs from
the bills wliicli wo have passed in reference to
the new States is, that we make this grant to
a live, active company who are actually build-
ing the road, and it is in an old State, and it is
not necessary that, the same safeguards should
bo thrown around it that are necessaiy to be
thrown around grants to companies that are
not. organized, and that have not got a definite
and fixed capital and arc not doing work*.
In regard to the amount of land granted, it is
not much larger in this hill than in other bills.
The Senator says thai wo enlarged the grant in
other bills because the land was poor. We
have never passed a bill making a grant to a
road where the land was so poor as this.
Mr. STEWART. That is just what I was
about to remark.
Mr. POMEllOY. There was a provision in
the original bill that where the land was min-
eral they might lake agricultural laud in lieu
of it; but to guard the bill 1 struck out that
provision, so that if it is mineral land, that is,
land containing gold or silver, they do not get,
any. This bill, therefore, has all the safeguards
and is entirely in harmony with our legislation
on this subject for the old States, not, I admit,
for the new States, because when a State first
conies into the Union and they have a land
grant, we never give it to the companies. Wo
have deviated from that only once or twice.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to say a very
few words only in addition to what has been
said by the honorable chairman. I have list-
ened to what the honorable Senator from In-
diana has said, and taking some of the legis-
lation of Congress in consideration, his remarks
were pertinent. But in addition to what has
been said by the Senator from Kansas, the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands,
I wish to say that under the old system of mak-
ing the grant to the States, neither the State
nor the company were required to build any
particular kind of road. 1 have examined all
the legislation on the subject by Congress, and
they might have laid down a wooden track or
a horse railroad or anything else and have got
the land; but this company is required to build
a first-class road—
In asubstantial and,workmanlike manner, with all
tbenecessary draws, culverts, bridges, viaducts, cross-
ings, turnouts, stations, ar.d watering placcs, and all
other appurtenanccs, including furniture and rolling
stock, equal in all respcots to railroads of the first
class when prepared for business, with rails of the
best quality, manufactured from American iron, and
a uniform gauge—
before they get an acre of land; and_ in no
case do they get an acre of this mountain land
until they have constructed the road. No bill
has ever been presented to Congress in which
the interests of the public and of the Govern-
ment have been so thoroughly protected as in
this bill.
Mi;. HENDRICKS. I desire to correct the"
Senator in one or two particulars. The Sena-
tor from Kansas, who so ably heads the Com-
mittee on Public "Lands, informs the Senate
that this bill is peculiar in this, that it docs not
allow the land to go unless the road is built;
but that the grants heretofore have been to the
States; they became absolute; and the States
got the lands whether they built the roads or
not.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not say that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 11' the Senator did not
intend so to bo understood his argument has
no force. All of the laws provide, where the
grants were made up to within a year or two,
that if the roads are not completed within ton
years the lands granted shall revert to the Gov-
ernment; it is an absolute forfeiture. No ab-
solute right can bo secured to the Slate or to
any grantee of the State until the road is en-
tirely completed. The State cannot dispose of
her lands under the grants until she does com-
plete the road, although the patents may be
made out as evidence of the selections and for
ton years the lands are removed out of the mar-
ket,, yet no title passes to the State that is not
subject to a forfeiture and return of the lands
lo the Government until the roads are com*
pletcd.
I understand him also to say that the only
cases in which the grants have been made to
the State and not to the company are the cases
in new States; that in the case of new States
just admitted into the Union the grants are
made lo the States; but whenever the grants
have been made to States already in the Union
they are made directly to the company that pro-
poses lo build the road.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 did not say that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says he
did not say that. I thought he did say it. I
thought that was the idea. I will ask the Sen-
ator if the State of Illinois was a very new State
when that magnificent grant was made for the
construction of her system of railroads, a grant
to a very large extent of lands that could not
be sold by the Government because they were
in the midst of prairie, inaccessible to the farmer
unless a highway was opened, and that was a
grant of six miles on each side, and a grant nor
to the company, but to the State. Was Ihe
State of Iowa a very new State in 1850 when
the grant was made to her ? The grant was not
made to the railway companies of the State,
-but the grant was made to the State. Was the
State of Wisconsin an entirely now State in
1856 or 1857 when the grant was made to her
for her great lines of railroad? The grant was
made to the State and not to the companies. _
The question for Senators to consider is, is
it a safe policy now to grant the public lands
to the companies and not to the States? If we
grant the lands to the States we have the honor,
the assurance, and the interest of the State and
of the people of the State that the roads shall
be built; but if we make these grants to^ the
railroad companies we place them in a position
where they may be made the subject of specu*
