4116
Tfel CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
I passage; and as this is a bill of some impor-
tance^ suitors, I ask that it may be considered
110'V.
ThePRESIDENT pro tern/pore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the bill on the
day it is reported.
Mr. WADE. I must object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred a bill (H. R. No. 792) to
authorize the Secretary of War to furnish trans-
portation to discharged soldiers to whom arti-
ficial limbs are furnished by the Government,
to report it back without amendment; and as
this is a bill of but three or four lines, I ask
for its present consideration.
Mr. WADE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered on
the day it is reported.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope that that bill 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
debatable. The objection of any Senator car-
ries it over.
Mr. RAMSEY. The Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
a joint resolution (II. R. No. 193) authorizing
the transmission through the mails, free of
postage, of certain certificates by the adjutant
general of New Jersey, have directed me to
report it back without amendment; and I ask
for its immediate consideration. It is a very
simple bill, providing for the transmission
through the mails of certain certificates issued
to soldiers in the State of New Jersey, to
which there can be no objection.
Mr. WADE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over under the rule.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 755) amendatory of an act to amend an
act entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus,
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved May 11, 1806, have instructed
me to report it without amendment, and rec-
ommend its passage, and not to ask for its
present consideration. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. It will not
be considered. [Laughter.]
APPROVAL OF BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
Stntes, l>y Mr. Mooue, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed on
the 23d instant an act (S. No. 343) to quiet land
titles in California. _ On the 24th instant he ap-
proved and signed'an act (S. No. 357) to aid
in the construction of telegraph lines, and to
secure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes. And
ho this day approved and signed an act (S. No.
52(i'J) to define the number and regulate the ap-
pointment of officers in the Navy, and for other
purposes.
COMMITTEE OX VENTILATION.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer the following
resolution, and ask for its present considera-
tion :
. Resolved, That the select committee upon tho ven-
tilation and sanitary condition of the Senate wins?
ot the Oapitol be continued tor the next session of
Congress,
Mr. WADE. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over under the
rule.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I offer the following
resolution, upon which I desire action at the
present time, if there is no objection :
I'emlvnt, That the Committee on Military Affairs
ami J lie Militia be instructed to report to the Senate
for its action some appropriate bill or amendment
for the allowance of additional bounties to soldiers
in the reecnt war who entered the military service in
1S61 and 1852, and in the early part of 1863, and it
snail be in order for said committee to report at any
tune.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
at the present time.
Mr. WADE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the resolution lies over.
ADMISSION OF NEBRASKA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to call up
the resolution offered by me yesterday, with a
view of referring it to the Committee on For-
eign Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no further morning business, the motion of
the Senator from Ohio is before the Senate, to
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
447.
Mr. RAMSEY. Does that require unani-
mous consent? [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It does not.
It requires a majority of the members present.
But the Cliair is advised that no such bill has
been reported to the Senate.
Several Senators. It was reported yester-
day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Chandler] moves that
the Senate proceed to the consideration 
Mr. WADE. What has become of my bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no such bill reported.
Mr. WADE. It was reported yesterday. I
made the report yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. It was_ reported at the
evening session.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir; reported at the even-
ing session yesterday.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is only advised at present that no such bill has
been reported.
Mr. POMEROY. It was reported.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
corrected if it is a mistake.
Mr. WADE. It is the bill for the admission
of Nebraska into the Union, and it has been
reported, and the whole Senate knows it has
been reported back.
Mr. CRESWELL. I have a distinct recol-
lection of it.
Mr. POMEROY. I was occupying the chair
temporarily, and I recollect that the bill was
reported.
Mr. CRESWELL. The Senator from Ohio
endeavored to call up the bill, but it was ob-
jected that it had not been reported, andthere^
upon he immediately reported it to the Senate
and the matter went over.
Mr. GRIMES. I remember the circum-
stance, and I move that the Journal be ordered
to be corrected so as to recognize that fact.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If it is in order, while the
Journal is being corrected, I move that the
Senate _ proceed to_ the consideration of the
House joint resolution No. 150.
Mr. CHANDLER. I believe I have a mo-
tion before the body which I will ask to have
considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio is at present
undisposed of, the question whether the bill
has been reported or not being undetermined.
Mr. CHANDLER. Will the Senator from
Ohio give way to allow me to make this mo-
tion while the.Journal is being corrected?
Mr. WADE. If I were to yield now, I
should lose my right to the floor entirely. You
can dispose of your matter in a moipent some
other time. I have only got two or three min-
utiS of the morning hour, and I will hold them
if I can. The motion is now to correct the
Journal according to the understanding of the
whole Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Journal of yesterday's proceedings be
corrected so as to show the fact that the bill
named by the Senator from Ohio was reported
by him.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I will inquire whether
the bill is in the possession of the Clerk. That
will determine the fact whether it was actually
reported or not, and the Journal can be cor-
rected on that fact being shown.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that there is no bill of that descrip-
tion on the files of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. I think I remember how this
mistake occurred. Just before the expiration
of the morning hour yesterday the Senator
from Ohio moved that the Senate proceed to
the consideration of that bill, and he hold the
bill in his hand. It then occurred to him that
he had not reported the bill, and he then asked
leave to make the report, and that the Senate
proceed to its immediate consideration. It was
two minutes to one o'clock. In the mean time
the Senator from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] in-
terposed a motion to reconsider the vote pass-
ing a bill in which I was interested, and I ap-
pealed to the Senator from Ohio to waHe his
motion and allow the motion to reconsider to be
taken up at once. The Senator remarked that
there were but a few minutes to one o'clock
left, and one o'clock arrived while we were
discussing that matter.
Mr. POMEROY. It was reported in the
evening session.
Mr. WADE. The Senator from Kansas was
in the chair, and I have no doubt recollects, as
I do, that I rose to call the bill up and the ob-
jection was made that the report had not been
made. I immediately reported it. I said, "I
will make the report now," and I did make it;
and so everybody about here understands it.
There is no mistake about it; and I gave notice
that I should take the earliest opportunity to
call it up.
Mr. SUMNER. I think I can confirm what
the Senator from Ohio says, and I can add
something to it, that I rather think the report
in the Globe will show that I objected to the
consideration of the bill. I think the Senator
will remember that he proposed to press the
consideration at once when he made his report,
and I said, "Not to-day; I object." I am sure
of that incident; and I mention it in order to
complete the testimony with regard to what
occurred yesterday.
Mr. WADE. Is there anythingin the Globe
on the subject? •
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I find in tho Globe this :
"Mr. "Wade asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. -147) for
the admission of the State of Nebraska into the
Union; which was read twice by its title.
" Mr. Wade. I move that the bill, together with
the constitution of the State of Nebraska, which I
now present, be referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
" The motion was agreed to."
Mr. WADE. That is what occurred on
Monday night. I reported it back after that.
Mr. SUMNER. At the same time, I would
like to say that I hope the bill will not be pro-
ceeded with to-day. It seems to me we should
not take up a measure of such importance in
these hurried hours.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the morning hour
has expired.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. WADE. I hope the Senate will at all
events postpone other business long enough to
have this mistake corrected, so that the bill
can be got up the next time the motion is
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think there can
be a particle of doubt as to the fact that my
colleague reported that bill. I remember dis-
tinctly that he reported it and tried to get the
Senate to_ act upon it. Just at that moment
the morning hour expired, and I insisted on
going on with the pending appropriation bill.
I made the remark at the time that wljen we
got those bills through I would help him to
pass his bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This does not.seem to
me to be_ a debatable question. The Senator
from Ohio says he reported the bill, and of
course he did. We have nothing to do but
correct the Journal.
The motion to correct the Journal was
agreed to.
