1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2197
deliver a line of rail on to the waters of the
Ohio.
Mr. President, the observations which I have
had the opportunity to make, the lessons I
have had the opportunity to learn with regard
to enterprise, have convinced me that enter-
prise should be made as individual as possible ;
and perhaps in single individuality there is
more potentiality even than there is in com-
bination. There is a false tendency in our
country to combinations and over-combina-
tions. I speak of this as a reduction, and with
some careful observation.
I do not propose to discuss the question of
constitutional power with regard to this prop-
osition ; I will only express an opinion. My
opinion is that this power does not exist in the
Federal Government. If exercised, my opin-
ion is, it would be unwisely exercised. Why
should we, when young enterprise has brought
forth and has led to great results, by the power
of a combination or the millions of our people,
interfere with the enterprises that individuals
Lave achieved and undertake to destroy them?
No wise reason, no.good reason, no sound
reason can be affirmed in favor of it. There
may be a reason why individuals may make a
few hundred thousand dollars out of this great
Republic. When they do so, they wrong the
millions ; they violate great public law ; they
violate great public policy ; and in my judg-
ment violate the Constitution of the United
States.
. I say this much in vindication of what I think
wo must be most careful about, the fundamental
law essential to the maintenance of our repub-
lican system. We have somewhat departed
from it. I think we have departed too far. It
■would be well that we should pause for a mo-
ment and retrieve some of our steps; that we
should think not of ourselves or the immediate
moment, but think that a nation was not born
in a day. Our fathers thought our system was
organized to last through time, and we must
consider a little that lesson which is worth
thinking about by those who can consider. It
•was once thought in a particular period of the
past ages, before the Advent, that men were
only immortal in their posterity. Let us not
think so much about ourselves, but let us try
to be immortal in our posterity by doing exact
justice and maintaining true principles. I
oppose this bill because it is not within the law
of our present license, and I oppose it because
it is against sound policy. These are the rea-
sons that govern my conduct, and therefore I
shall vote against it.
Mr. D00L1TTLE. Mr. President, I sup-
pose it is beyond question that if the State of
New Jersey had never incorporated a railroad
company in that State, Congress would have
no power to do it. Now, what has New Jersey
done ? Has she interrupted commcrce by cre-
ating a railroad across the State? All the old
avenues of commerce arc open still—transpor-
tation by land and transportation by water, for
freight and passengers. New Jersey created,
by this railroad, a new mode of commerce.
She had a right to do it, as a State; she had a
right to decline to do it, and it comes to that,
as it seems to me. I only speak of this case
of New Jersey as one case in point.
Without going into an argument on this
question at length, I believe for one that our
duty is not only to defend the rights of this
Government against those who assail it, but it
is eqnally our solemn duty to defend the rights
of the States, those rights which are clearly
reserved to tlicnj in the Constitution. It seems
to me that the right of a State to build high-
ways, to build railroads, or to refuse to build
highways or to build railroads, is one of the
rights which belong to a State. I do not
believe that there is a Senator on this floor
who will rise and say that if the State of Now
Jersey had refused to build a railroad across
that State, Congress—unless it might be in a
time of war—would have the power to charter
a railroad and build a railroad across the State
of New Jersey. That is exactly the power
that is involved in this bill. While I am
opposed to all monopolies in the States, all
monopolies that are oppressive, I am not
opposed to a State having the power to exer-
cise the right to judge for itself when rail-
roads shall be built through its limits and
upon what terms they shall be built; for I
deem it essential to the independence of a
State in its action upon those rights which
are reserved to it.
These are my views on the subject. I con-
fess 1 have been brought up rather in the school
of State rights. I am in favor of a pretty strict
construction of the Constitution of the United
States. In time of war I know the great pow-
ers of this Government are waked up, and wo
exercise powers that we do not exercise in peace:
but, sir, in time of peace I would exercise no
more power by this Government than is actu-
ally necessary. I would leave, as far as possi-
ble, the exercise of all governmental powers
to the States, because, when left to the States,
they come nearer home to the people. The
great idea of republicanism, which is a govern-
ment by the people, comes nearer homo to them
when it is exercised by the States than when
exercised by the Federal Government. If we
assume to take all this upon ourselves, the busi-
ness is so vast, so immense, that this Govern-
ment will break down under its operations.
I did not intend to go into an argument, but
simply to state my general view on this ques-
tion. The arguments of the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine and the honorable Senator
from California weigh very heavy upon my
mind and accord with my general views on this
question.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not know that it is
the purpose of any of the friends of the bill to
discuss the question of authority which is in-
volved. If there is any such purpose, I should
like to hear them first before I submit to the
Senate the views which I propose to submit.
[A pause.] I presume from their silcnce that
it is not the design of any of the friends of this
bill to debate it. It would seem a little singu-
lar, if that bo the fact, that a bill containing
provisions never before even suggested in any
Congress, and apparently so much in conflict
with the Constitution of the United States,
should not receive at least some support from
those who think it does not violate that instru-
ment. Upon a former occasion, when this
measure, in a somewhat different shape, was
before the Senate, I presented to the Senate
the reasons which, in my judgment, demon-
strated (to use a strong term) that it went be-
yond the constitutional authority of Congress:
and plain as I thought that was in reference to
that bill, if the Senate will turn to the partic-
ular bill upon their table, I think they will agree
that this is still more obnoxious to objection.
The bill upon its face professes to be based
upon the authority conferred upon Congress to
regulate commcrce between the States, and
upon the authority conferred upon the same
department to establish post roads. Itdoesnot
profess, therefore, to bo a measure called for
by any military exigency ; it does not intimate
that we are not in a state of peace ; nor does it
state that what it proposes to have done under
its provisions will become necessary hereafter if
we should at any time hereafter be engaged in
a war, civil or foreign. The power, therefore,
which it assumes to exercise, is a power, if it
exists at all, to be found under the authority to
regulate commerce between the States, and to
establish post offices and post roads. I had
supposed until these modern_ days that the
meaning of those two powers in the Constitu-
tion of the United States, with reference to such
a proposition as this bill involves, had been so
long and so uniformly established that it could
not well be considered as open to further doubt.
A constitution is worth nothing practically
if it is not to bo considered as authoritatively
settled after years of deliberation and frequent
decisions by every department of the Govern-
ment. If it is to be one thing to-day and an-
other thing to-morrow, just as the members of
Congress may be different to-morro\v from
what they are to-day, we might as well have
no Constitution. If the individual judgment
of each individual member is to be exercised
without regard to what has been tlio construc-
tion of the instrument uniformly up to the time
when he undertakes to exercise his individual
judgment, we are without a Constitution. And
it is essentially (as I think) mischievous if that
individual judgment is to be exercised in rela-
tion to any of the supposed restrictions upon
the powers of Congress, or upon any of what
have been in the past supposed to be the clearly
reserved rights of the States. In ray judgment—
and I speak it with all due deference—when we
swear to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, we are bound to construe it, in .
order to support it, as the framers of the in-
strument are known to have construed it, and
the people by whom it was adopted are known
to have construed it and to have adopted it
because of that construction. Looking to what
was said by the members of the Convention,
contained in the debates preserved by Mr.
Madison with great accuracy, as was admitted
by all who participated with him in the delib-
erations of that great body of great men, and
in the proceedings of Congress while this de-
partment of the Government was filled bjr some
of the loading members of that Convention, it
is perfectly obvious that such a proposition as
the one upon the table never would have been
suggested by any member, because, in his judg-
ment, it would have been wholly without the
constitutional authority of this department of
the Government.
With these general remarks, permit, mo to
call the attention of the Senate to what this bill
seeks to accomplish and what powers it under-
takes to confer. Nobody even now, as far as
I am aware, denies that the States have author-
ity to charter railroad companies ; and having
authority to charter them, it would seem to fol-
low that they have the authority not to charter
them; and having the authority to exercise the
discretion of chartering, or of not chartering,
they necessarily have the authority, if they
decide upon chartering, to state the terms, the
conditions, upon which they will charter them;
and consequently, having the authority to pre-
scribe the terms or conditions upon which they
will charter, they have a right to prescribe
what privileges they will confer upon the hold-
ers of the franchise and what they will with-
hold. Those arc propositions that need no
argument, as 1 think the Senate will all admit.
What have the States done in the exercise
of this admitted authority? They have char-
tered such companies for the construction of
railroads as they have thought proper to char-
ter, and they have given to them certain lim-
ited powers and only limired powers. Having
the authority to charter and to limit the fran-
chise, another consequence necessarily results:
that if the powers granted are abused, if .powers
not granted are sought to be exercised, the
franchise is subject to forfeiture. That would
seem to be clear; and if that is clear, then the
question of forfeiture or not must depend upon
the law of the Slate by which the franchise is
granted. The right of the State to forfeit, if it
be a right, is one with which the Congress of
the United States cannot interfere, because
that would be to interfere with the right of the
State to charter and to fix the terms upon
which she is willing to charter.
Now, what does this bill do? One company-
is sufficient to illustrate the argument, and it
somewhat simplifies it. New Jersey chartered
a company, the name of which, as well as_ I
recollect, was the llaritan and Delaware Rail-
road Company. I am not sure that I recollect
the name. The honorable chairman of the ,
Committee on Commerce will oblige me by
giving me the name, for I suppose it has been
before him in the deliberations of the commit-
tee on this particular measure.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Raritan and Dela-
ware Bay Railroad Cor pany.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought the honorable
