1866.
TH1 COXGRESSIG1SrAL GLOBE.
m
ond time, ordered to a third reading, and it
was accordingly read the third time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire why it is
necessary to authorize an increase to so large
an amount.
Mr. LAFLIN. I would state that when the
law v?as enacted authorizing the erection of this
department of public printing, it was provided
therein that the Superintendent of Public Print-
ing might draw from the public Treasury two
thirds of the amount of his bond. At that time
the expenditures in that department were less
than one quarter of what they are now. The
bond was fixed at $40,000. Under the law as
it now stands he is unable to draw over $26,000,
and he has been obliged for the last two years
to draw upon his private credit to meet the cu r-
rent expenses of his department. He simply
asks at the hands of Congress that they should
so modify that law as to enable him to draw
just double that sum. As I understand it—and
1 make that reply to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens]—it is not necessary
that Congress should take any further action,
except simply to authorize him to increase his
bond to $80,000.
The question then recurred on the passage of
the joint resolution, and it was passed.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the House passed the joint resolution;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
executive communication.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the President of the Uni-
ted States, transmitting, in answer to a resolu-
tion of the House of Representatives of the 8th
instant asking for information in regard to the
alleged kidnapping in Mexico of the child of an
American lady, a report of the Acting Secre-
tary of State to whom the resolution was re-
ferred.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, the message and
accompanying documents were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, and ordered to
be printed.
invalid pensions.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill entitled "An act relating to
invalid pensions;" which was read a fjrst and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
quartermaster and commissary receipts.
Mr. SPALDING offered the following joint
resolution, and desired action thereon:
Resolved by the Senate and JTov.se of Representative*
in Cortf/rcxs assembled, That all loyal persons in any
part of the United States who hold quartermaster
or commissary receipts or certificates for articles of
food or raiment used by the Army of the United States,
or ostensibly <akcn for their use, shall be entitled to
have the same audited and paid under the direction
of the Secretary of War: Provided, That no person
shall be entitled to the benefit of this resolution who
was in active opposition to the Government and laws
of the United States at the time his property was &o
taken as aforesaid.
_Mr. BOUTWELL and Mr. C0NKLING
objected.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire simply to cor-
rect one word in the act we passed two years
ago. By the construction given to it by the
War Department these receipts cannot be aud-
ited and paid if the property was taken from a
loyal man in a disloyal State. The object is
to have the law extend to the disloyal States as
wel 1 as at the loyal, provided the person was him-
self loyal. The Military Committee say there
is no necessity for that law.
Mr. CONKLING. I am very glad there is
a difficulty about it. I think it was a very in-
judicious and improvident measure.
Mr. SPALDING. Then I ask to have the
resolution referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs.
Mr. CONKLING. I object to that reference.
pensions.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, of-
fered the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
MesoJvecl, That tile Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, instructed to inquire into what
additional legislation, if any, is necessary to facili-
tate the procuring of pensions by those entitled there-
to, the attention of the committee being especially
directed to the fifth rule prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Pensions in his circular of instruction and
forms to bo observed in applying for Army pensions
under the act of July 14,1862, (second edition, 1803,)
and that said committee have leave to report by bill
or otherwise.
clerk -to a committee.
The next business in order was the consid-
eration of the following resolution heretofore
offered by Mr. Dumont:
Resolved, That the Committee on Expenditures of
the Interior Department be, and it is hereby, author-
ized to employ a clerk.
Mr. WASHBU11NE, of Illinois. That com-
mittee was never known to have met.
Mr. 011TH. My colleague is detained from
his seat by sickness, and I trust the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washbcrne] will consent
that the resolution lie over until he is present.
Mr.WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move that
it be referred to the Committee on Rules.
The motion was agreed to.
suffrage in the district oe columbia.
The House then proceeded to the considera-
tion of the special order, being the bill reported
from the Committee on the Judiciary (II. R.
No. 1) extending the right of suffrage in the
District of Columbia.
The bill was read. It provides that from all
laws and parts of laws prescribing the qualifi-
cations of doctors for any offie'e in the District
of Columbia the word "white" be, and the
same is hereby, stricken out, and that from and
after the passage of this act no person shall be
disqualified from voting at any election held in
the said District on account of color; and that
all acts of Congress and all laws of the State of
Maryland in foree in said District, and all ordi-
nances of the cities of Washington and George-
town inconsistent with the provisions of this
act, are hereby repealed and annulled.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to enter a
motion to recommit this bill to the Committee
on the Judiciary. I do not ask action upon it
now.
The jurisdiction of Congress over the subject-
matter of this bill is unquestionable. It is the
right of Congress—
"To exorcise exclusive legislation, in all enses what-
soever. over such district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may, by cession of particular States and
the acceptance of Congress, become the scat of the
Government of the United States. "—Constitution, Art.
1, sec. 8.
"Exclusive legislation, in all cases whatso-
ever,'' is the language of the broad and com-
prehensive grant of power upon which the right
of Congress to pass this bill rests. This is too
plain a proposition to admit of debate, and 1
leave the question of power to give my atten-
tion to some other considerations connected
with this bill which it may not be unprofitable
to discuss.
The Constitution not only confers the indis-
putable power to which I have referred.- but it
seems also to invito the identical legislation
which the pending measure provides. No-
where in the Constitution do we find class dis-
tinctions applied to citizens of the United
States. Its ample folds envelop all citizens
alike. It in no way develops color of skin as
a tenure to the rights and privileges of citizen-
ship. The citizen, be he high or low, rich or
poor, white or black, finds the Constitution of
his country as full of justice to him as it is to
any other. Looking into its bright face as into a
mirror, he sees himself reflected a citizen; and
of this there is never a failure. This is the
crowning glory of our Constitution. The
whitest face can draw nothing from that mirror
but the image of a citizen, and the same return
is given to the appeal of the black face. If
ever aught else appears, be sure you are not
looking into the broad, bright surface of the real
Constitution, for it never varies, never lies.
If all over this land this same grand feature
of our national Constitution had a resting-place
in every other constitution and in every law,
then indeed would we be
"A free republie, where, beneath the sway
Of mild and equal laws, framed by themselves, '
One people dwell, and own no lord save God."
But this is not so, nor can we make it so.
Our powers reach not so far as'this., "State
constitutions and State laws, coVered over wi{h
the wreck of human rights, block up thte way,
and we may not overleap these barriers; The
real Republie may be a long ways off yet, but
we are approaching it, and shall, in the course
of time, realize it in its fullness. But however'
far it may be in the future, however difficult of
approach may_ these State barriers render it,
we should see in them but additional incentives
urging us to the performance of the duty which
rests with us, in order that the example of the
nation may induce the States to aid m hasten-
ing the development of a perfect Republic.
I have said that the Constitution seems to
invite the passage of this bill; and is this not
true? Why should the statute-law, made or tol-
erated by Congress for the government of citi-
zens of the United States within the District of
Columbia, establish class privileges or distinc-
tions on account of color, when no such things
are found in the Constitution? Should not the
statute-law for the special government of- such
citizens as reside in the capital of the Repub-
lie be as just, as broad, as comprehensive", as
humane as the Constitution ? Should there not
be harmony here? If the Constitution refuses
to know the color of the citizen's skin, why
should the statute-law be wiser? If the former
refrains from trampling on the great truth which
glitters like a jewel of the first water in the
heart of the old declaration, that "all men are
created equal," and that " Governments derive
their just powers from the consent of the gov-
erned," why should the latter put its unhal-
lowed foot upon this grand central idea of our
system and crush it under the very folds of the
nation's flag as it floats on the dome of the
Capitol? Why hinge the sacred right of suffrage
in this District on the word "white," when the
Constitution discards it entirely? Let these
things not be. Let us heed the invitation of
the Constitution, and breathe the breath of true
republican life into the body of our laws—of pe-
euliarapplication to this District at least. Hero,
at least,, lot our faith in the great self-evident
truth that formed the pivot upon which the
fathers turned their hopes, their energies, and
their justification when battling for that inde-
pendence which proved to be the birth of this
nation, be made manifest by works full of jus-
tice and mercy.
I do not claim that the right of suffrage is a
natural right to which every person subject to
human government is entitled. It is not a nat-
ural right, for where natural rights alone ob-
tain there is no right of suffrage. But this
state of things can only exist in the absence of
properly adjusted civil government. The right
of suffrage is a political right, and is the attend-
ant of civil government. This, however, ren-
ders it no less sacred than it would be if it were
a natural right, We always class it among the
rights. We speak of it as the right of suffrage,
and never give it the more doubtful designation
of the privilege of suffrage. Whenever and by
whomsoever it is spoken of it is always given
the royal title of right. It is not something
which is given as a matter of grace to the citi-
zen by a Government which " derives its just
powers from the consent of the governed," for
it is the medium through which that consent is
accorded. It is the check of the citizen upon
the Government, and it would be mere mockery
for the latter to pretend to act within the limits
of the consent of the former in the absence of
means whereby such consent could be made
known. Of course this consent must be made
known by the voice of the majority, for that is
the bond of government established at the be-
ginning. This has been consented to. But it is
not competent for the majority to deprive the
minority of anything which justly belongs to
the things properly denominated rights; and
:! one of these is, in my judgment, the right of
