1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3157
.into,account when we are invited to make a
friendly exhibition. It may not, in one sense,
have anything to do with this manifestation of
art and science that is to be made in Paris.
But, sir, something is due to llie self-respect
of this great nation. Who is the man that has
got up this Exhibition? Who is he that invites
,ns to this banquet? Is he a man who has
treated us with consideration and rcspect all
.along? When we were involved in great diffi-
culties, when he supposed ruin was staring us
.in the face, was ho then friendly to us and to
the Government we represent? Sir, he was
our mortal enemy. He is the enemy of man-
kind, the enemy of the rights and liberties of
mankind, as he has shown on all occasions.
If any private gentleman were guilty of the
same acts of criminality that he is justly
charged with and guilty of, not a man in this
Senate would associate with him for a moment.
How came he in Mexico ? Had the poor
inoffensive people of Mexico, struggling against
ignorance, against superstition, against every
obstacle that impedes the progress of a nation
to civilization and to welfare, ever done him,
the Emperor of France, any wrong? No, sir,
never. lie crossed the broad Atlantic to in-
vade a people who had never injured him; and
with what pretension did he come? He came
there pretending to the nations of Europe and
to us that he had a little claim due somehow
or other from the people of Mexico to the peo-
ple of France, and he disavowed any intention
of coming for any political purpose whatever.
That was his solemn declaration, in order to
throw us and surrounding nations off their guard,
lie seduced even England and Spain into the
idea that he wanted them to cooperate barely
to collect a debt against Mexico, disavowing
utterly any political intention whatsoever, say-
ing that he did not intend to acquire any foot-
hold in Mexico. Was that a false pretense or
a true pretense? No man ever went to the
penitentiary for obtaining property by false
pretenses upon a pretense more false, more
disgraceful to human nature, than that he
avowed.
When he got there what did he do? Ho at
length disgusted his associates. They finally
saw through his scheme, and that they were
deceived, and they backed out, and then he
was compelled to let the truth be known, that
he had gone there with no intention to collect
a debt, but with the intention to subvert the
republic of Mexico, and trample it under foot,
and place there a crowned head of his own
making under him as a satrap, and subject the
great republic of Mexico to be a mere adjunct
of the empire of France. That is what he is
after ; that is what he designs to do ; and why ?
How has ho done it? lie has taken his army
there. He has invaded Mexico by a military
force. lie has carried on against that inoffen-
sive people the most barbarous war that has
been waged in modern times. He has gone
abroad to hunt up another scion of nobility for
the time being to take his place and reign in his
stead over a strange people ; a people republican
in all their sentiments ; a people endeavoring
to imitate us in the great republic that we have
formed; a nation that we always wish to be
friendly with us: a nation that has reached out
its arm and implored as, inasmuch as we had
set the example that they were endeavoring to
follow by forming a jnsl and free lepublican
Government like our own, to step forth and
aid smd assist them from this robber. When
they did it, they did it upon the well-known
and established principles of our own Govern-
ment, by which for the last fifty years we have
declared that we would not at any period suffer
European nationslo intermeddle with the pol-
itics of this continent, and to overthrow the
republics here, and to set up monarchies or
empires in their stead. If there is any settled,
cherished policy of this nation approved by
our statesmen from .Jefferson until now, that
is one of them ; and if we surrender it, we most
weakly and meanly surrender a great principle
as necessary to our true republican progress as
the breath of our lives. He has put Maximil-
ian there in his stead; he has maintained him
with his troops: he has officered his armies
with his own officers ; he has even sent men
there from his empire to dictate how the war
shall be carried on ; and v> hat is the cflect of
it? Why, sir, because these poor Mexicans,
struggling to maintain their rights against this
foreign robber, whom they had never injured,
because they persist in the assertion of their
rights, when they arc taken as prisoners all
the well-known principles of modern warfare
are forgotten, and they are ordered to be shot.
Why? Because they attempt to defend their
liberties and the liberties of their naCion against
the aggressions of this accursed robber and des-
pot from abroad. That is the reason—a reason
that should stir the blood of every republican
the world over.
But it is said that we have put up patiently
with this for a long time. Sir, I blush ; I am
ashamed to confess it, that we have. It is the
darkest blot upon the escutcheon of the United
States that we have suffered it so long. The
Emperor of Franco did not disguise it that his
purpose was to put a check, to put a curb in
the bit of the Anglo-Saxon race, and to come
here for the advancement of the Latin race, and
for empire. He told the world that that was
his object. It was a declaration of war upon
our principles, and he knew it, and it should
have been taken in the right spirit; or, if
strugglng with our gigantic foe, prudence dic-
tated that for the moment wo should hold up,
the very moment the cloud of war passed away,
wo should have asserted this great doctrine,
and we should have gone forth and put it in
practice. Our armies upon the borders of
Mexico ought never lo have been disbanded
until this robber and his cohorts and his creat-
ure with the name of Emperor were driven
ignominiously from this continent. It could
have been as easily done as said. Suppose
your triumphant awns had been turned against
the creature of this robber, in the assertion of
that great principl e called the Monroe doctrine,
emanating from Thomas .lefferson, and which
was thrown into the teeth of the great combi-
nation of European despots called the Holy
Alliance by Mr. Monroe? At that period,
comparatively weak as we were, we had the
couragc to stare tliem in the face with all their
accumulated power, and say to them, "Take
care of your own monarchies and Governments
in Europe; but we will not suffer you to come
onto this continent to model Governments after
your own fashion, and if you do it, you do it at
your peril;" and they who had triumphantly
driven Bonaparte from his throne, had not the
hardihood to encounter the wrath and the
enthusiasm of this people stirred up in the
defense of this great principle. They left it to
us, with our accumulated power and strength,
to quail before the mandates of this French
Emperor. I say again it is shameful for us, it
is a blot upon our character that ought to be
wiped out.
iiut I aratokl that this very innocent French
Emperor has now made up his minu that he
will relinquish all his plans; that he will tore-
go all the expense he has incurred ; and that
he is now ready to back out of the project
which lie has cherished so long and lias main-
tained thus far with such sacrifices to France,
to recall his troops, and to do precisely what
we wish him to do. Does anybody believe that
he will do it willingly? We were told yester-
day of the course he took recent ly witli the
French army there. IIo'.v many times within
the last live years has he averred and assever-
ated to the people of Europe that it was his
purpose to withdraw Ins army from Italy? Did
he ever find the time when he would do it?
No, sir; he ever found some pretense to post-
pone it even until now. He is endeavoring
now, with all the power and iniluoneo of his
empire taxi of his craft, to postpone the great
war that is rising in Europe, for no better pur-
pose undoubtedly than u> enable him still to
carry out the project he had in view upon this
continent. I know that the condition of Eu-
rope to-day is perilous. I know that a cloud
of war is hanging over the continent of Europe,
threatening to involve it in one of the greatest
and most terrible contests that the world ever
saw. Statesmen believe it must come. Napo-
leon thinks it is imminent; and therefore, I
say again, he is turning all his power and skill
toward averting the storm and quelling it with-
out a resort to arms. I see that the great con-
tending nations have paused in their careei;,
and have deferred so far to him as to go into
a congress that they refused four years ago to
go into. They have stayed their armies. They
have consented to negotiate. There is a great
congress of kings and emperors and their min-
isters at Paris in order 1o settle this great
question without a resort to arms. Will they
be able to do it? Speculations of statesmen
are rife upon that subject. So man now can
tell what will be the result of those negotia-
tions. My own opinion is that the power and
influence of France can procure peace, and
having it in her power to chastise any nation
that will go to war against licr will, I believe
it will have the effect to stay, for a season at
least, this resort to arms. If it does, has Napo-
leon said a word or done a thing that will bind
him to withdraw his troops and give up his
project in Mexico? Not a woid. You may
read your letters till doomsday; you may
look lo all the subterfuges that he has resorted
to ; and I read them all in this way: Napoleon
says, '' I see great difficulty arising around
me; I may find full employment for all the
military power 1 have ; therefore I do not wish
to provoke a war with the United States until
this question is settled one way or the other."
But if he finds that he is to bo. aL peace with
Europe, my word for it—and never will I rise
in the Senate again lo declare my opinion of
what will take place if I am incorrect, if that
question is settled without war—Napoleon will
not choose to give up his grasp upon Mexico;
nor will our Administration extort from him a
promise that he will absolutely do it. He has
said nothing ; ho has done nothing as yet—you
cannot put your finger on it—that binds him to
withdraw his troops either in October or any
other time, lie is waiting to see how Euro-
pean affairs turn out; and just as they do turn
out, so will he act'. It is the dearest project
of his heart to subjugate Mexico to an em-
peror of his own telling up—a man who will be
nothing but a mere plaything in his hands. He
will have the great empire of Mexico under
Maximilian for awhile, and thou under his son
who is to succeed htm.
Now, sir, this is the way that I judge upon
that question. I do not believe that our inter-
course with France is so peaceable. I wish
that our Administration would take a direct
step in the right direction, following the just,
great, noble, courageous counsel of our fore-
fathers, who were weaker than we are, and
hurl the same defiance in the teeth of the Em-
peror of the French and the Emperor of Aus-
tria and all Europe, sajing, "We will never sub-
mit to allow a neighboring republic that has
taken us as their model, on our borders, to be
overturned against their will and consent, and
an accursed emperor set up to tyrannize for-
evermore upon that people." It is a bad
example for us.
Gentlemen may say it is nothing to us what
bccomes of Mexico. Sir, it is a narrow, self-
ish policy that will degenerate in the loss of
our own liberties if we become so indifferent
to the fate of the people who surround us. I
say we ought in good neighborhood to stretch
forth a friendly arm to that struggling people
who are being slaughtered, tortured, starved,
put to every inconvenience on God's earth,
that this robber may prosper ; but we sit down
indifferent to it, and see a great republic over-
turned under our noses, and, with an impu-
dence unknown, a Government setup upon its
ruins that we utterly abhor. Sir, with such an
emperor as this, so false to all that is liberal,
just, and right, so tainted in his private char-
acter as a man, with his double dealing and
frauds, with his cruelty and barbarity as a
statesman. 1 do not want the United States to
