ISC
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
12:17
lntion. Even as it is, when the State has made
the grant to the companies, it has become the
subject of speculation in some instances—a
thing that we ought to avoid. Now, sir, as a
friend of this system, as one who always votes
these grants very liberally to the Slates, I want
to know of the Senate if it is now safe to depart
from the policy heretofore adopted, and to grant
the lands directly to the railroad companies ?
In other words, this Government shall granther
lauds not to the States to be controlled by the
States, but to corporations over which Con-
gress can have no control. I admit that it is a
very wise provision of this bill and of other
bills that have passed and that are pending,
that the lands shall be granted to the compa-
nies only as the roads are completed; but prac-
tically that is the provision which is found in
all the grants, that the grant is not absolute to
the grantee until the road is built, and that has
been so from 1840 to the present time.
Now, sir, I undertake to repeat what I said
before, that this is a departure from the gen-
eral policy. The general policy has been to
make the grants to the States and let the com-
panies get their rights from the States and not
from the General Government; but if it is the
Eleasure of the Senate to change this policy, 1
ave no particular objection to it. I desire,
California to be encouraged in her enterprises.
I feel as much interest in that, I think, as any
Senator except those who immediately repre-
sent her people. Of course I cannot claim
to feel the same degree of interest as if T lived
in California, but I desire to see these railroads
constructed, and I think the Government ought
to aid in their construction : but the question
is, shall we depart from a fixed policy of the
Government?
Mr. STEWART. This ease is a little dif-
ferent from what the Senator supposes. In the
first placc the lauds through which the road
goes will not be sold unless the road is built,
it is through a mountain, and the parties who
are asking for this grant ofland are the parties
who have made a wagon road over the mount-
ain already at an expense of SU000,000, and
are very enterprising and worthy citizens.
These two bills constitute a line of road that
goes into Nevada. This bill, in connection
withthobillNo. 125, constitutes the whofcline.
It is true that all the land for this part of the
road is in California; but the major part of the
whole line, when constructed, will lie in "Ne-
vada. The Legislature of Ne\ada, in conse-
quence of the enterprise of this company, has
passed a resolution of instruction to her Sena-
tors here to advocate' this grant of land to the
company. There is an understanding between
these two companies. The parties are engaged
harmoniously together. They have asked for
a grant of land. A large portion of this line
is in the State of Nevada; and Nevada has
already acted upon the question, so far as the,
State is concerned, by recognizing the propriety
of making the grant directly to the company;
and no one there would think of making any
change. If Congress should grant the land to
the Stat es, it would only be a matter of expense
and delay. Inasmuch as my State has already
acted, I should be unwilling that the company
should be delayed to go to the State of Cali-
fornia to get her consent, when it is quite ob-
vious that the grant will be given to no other
company but the company that has spent about
a million dollais. or nearly that, on the road,
and a very large amount in the enterprise of a
wagon road across the mountains.
Mr. CONNESS. If the Senator will permit
me, 1 will say that the Legislature of California
will adjourn now, comparatively, in a few days;
the constitution itself adjourns it on the l.st
of April, and it docs not meet again for two
years.
Mr. STEWART. We must be delayed, be-
fore anvthing can be done, for the space of two
years. " These parties have gone on building
this road, spending their own money, never
having had a cent from the Government. They
think that with this land grant they can go on.
T!,r> land is certainly of no value to anybody
but them, and if tliey can build a road over
these mountains, by getting a little mountain
land which is not worth a cent to the Govern-
ment unless they succeed in the enterprise,
they certainly have my good wishes, and I do
not see any other way in which the Senate can
help them.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. RAMSEY. I regret very much to in-
terfere in this matter; but I agree with the
Senator from Indiana that we ought to be uni-
form in our practice. If in the other States
we exact this condition that the donation shall
be to the States in the first instance, I think we
ought to insist upon it throughout and be uni-
form in our practice. 1 am very sorry to in-
terfere with the bill of the Senator from Cali-
fornia. I hail supposed it- was of the charac-
ter of other land-grant bills which we have
passed.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to say to the
Senator that if that rule were adopted in this
case the grant would be simply of no use to the
company. They arc going on now, and are
stopped for the want of means. They are
struggling to build this road.
Mr, STEWART. Besides, it is a branch of
the Pacific railroad, and you made the grant
to that company in the same way.
Mr. ItAMSEY. All the northwestern grants
arc to the States.
Mr. STEWART. All the grants for the
branches to the Pacific railroad were made in
the same way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Pacific Railroad
Company is a company created by Congress.
1 really wish my friend from California would
get this bill in a shape that we could all vote
for it.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me to say to my
friend that the Pacific railroad in California is
being built by a corporation organized under
the general incorporation laws of that State,
j Congress in that, lull authorized that company
to do certain things to build the road. 'This
is a similar case precisely. The companies
eniaaed in constructing this branch of the
Pacific railroad, by what is known as the Pla-
cerviile route, over the Sierra Nevada mount-
ains. are companies organized just exactly as
the other was under the incorporation laws of
the Stale of California. The case is precisely
similar. We ask nothinc but, a grant of lands.
We do not come here to ask for bonds ormoney.
Mr. POMEI'OY._ What prevailed with the
committee was that the Legislature of Calilbr-
i nia does not meet for two years, and that the
Legislature of Nevada had already memorial-
ized us to do this thing so tar as Nevada was
concerned. Under these circumstances we
thought we ought to give the grant directly to
the company as we did in tin; case of the Pa-
cific railroad and two of the Iowa roads hist
year, and the same, as we would do to any com-
pany that was as well established, that hod
such capital, and was known as well as this
company.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not upon the Com-
mittee on Public Lands, and of course have not
looked into the details of the matler; but the
Pacific railroad is being built under an act of
Congress with a great many guards in it and
provisions for commissioners to examine the
road. Having such safeguards thrown around
it, Congress thought proper to make the grant
of land directly to the company with these
checks. That is really a G overnment road. I
supposed that this was somewhat different.^ It
is not a branch of the Pacific railroad in reality.
It mav operate as a branch, but it is not a part
of the Pacific railroad corporation ; and I had
supposed we had always made these grants to
the States.
The Senator from Kansas states that we
made two grants of this character to compa-
| nies in Iowa last year. I was not aware ot tnat.
| The grants to lown some years ago 1 know—J
i had occasion to look into them some time ago
I were all to the State. If there was a grant
made to a company at the last session, 1 was
not aware of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that my recollection about it
is that the grant to Iowa last year, in addition
to the grant of 1850, was made to the State. It
was urged, I recollect, and urged very earnestly,
that as the State had transferred the lands
already granted, the additional lands ought to
be given to the company j yet Congress would
not do it. I think the Senator from Kansas is
mistaken about the grant to Iowa at the last
session.
Mr. STEWART. On this side you have four
branches with land grants.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois give me his attention for one moment?
That portion of the Pacific railroad that is in
California is not being built by the National
incorporated company at all, but by a company
incorporated under the laws of the State of
California, and this bill in like manner pro-
vides that whenever this company shall have
so many consecutive miles of any portion of
the railroad or telegraph line ready for the ser-
vice contemplated "the President of the Uni-
ted States shall appoint three "fcommissioners
to examine the same, and if it shall appear that
twenty miles of said road and telegraph line
have been completed in a good and substantial
manner, and in all respects as required by this
act, the commissioners shall so report to the
President of the United States, and patents of
lands, as aforesaid, shall be issued to said com-
pany confirming to said company the right and
tiileto said lands." In all respects every safe-
guard that is found in the Pacific railroad act
is found in this. As 1 said before, this is a
branch of the Pacific railroad which our peo-
ple propose to build without, any grant of money
or bonds, but by the aid of this grant,of land.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let me inquire of the
Senator from California if it would not justify
a meeting of'the Legislature to act upon itV
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all. The calling of
our Legislature together would lie very expen-
sive. I cannot estimate the sum of money it
would cost. The members of our Legislature
receive ten dollars per diem for their compen-
sation, in gold. The popular branch has eighty
members," and the other branch thirty-live.
There is not a single objection that can be urged
which we have not guarded. 1 hope wo shall
come to a vote.
Mr. RAMSEY. 1 should like to vote for
this bill, but with this provision in it I cannot
do so. There ought to be some uniformity in „
our legislation on this subject. If the Com-
mittee on Public Lands intend to introduce an
entire change in the policy in regard to these
land grants, we ought to know it, and all ought
to have an opportunity to take advantage of it.
Mr. POMEROY. This is nothing new. If
the Senator had been on the committee he
would know that we have occasionally passed
bills of this character. It has been done every
year, I think, since I have been here.
! Mr. POOL1TTLE. In relation to these land
i grants, ! know that in the case of Wisconsin
S it has been insisted that the lands should be
j granted to the State. There was a case that
j arose here last winter, or t.he_ winter before,
where arailioad company which had already
received from the State a certain donation of
lands on the line of the route asked for an ad-
ditional grant of some sections, and my impres-
sion is that when the law was passed it was
insisted that the grant should be made to the
State, and not to the company, and it was so
A°Mr. CONNESS. Was the honorable Sena-
tor present during the whole of this discussion?
Mr. I)00LITTLE. 1 was not.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 will say, then, tothehon-
orable Senator that the reasons for taking this
course have been specially staled. 1 he company
is struggling now and engaged in building this
road. °0ur Legislature docs not meet for two
ve'ars. Besides, this is a branch of the Pacific
railroad. The bill is guarded in every respect,
very differently and in a very superior manner
