4118
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
A bill (H. R. No. 728) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
registry, - enrollment, and license to certain
vessels;
A bill (H. E. No. 772) to authorize the issue
of certain bonds in denominations greater than
$1,000;
A joint; resolution (H. It. No. 101) for the
relief of certain officers of the Army ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 176) amend-
atory of a joint resolution entitled "A resolu-
tion respecting bounties to colored soldiers, and
the pensions, bounties, and allowances to their
heirs," approved June 15, 18G6.
PROTECTION 01" T1IE REVENUE.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 780) to protect
the revenue, and for other purposes, disagreed
to by the House ; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN,-it was
That the Seriate insist upon its amend-
ments, and a?ree to the confer one 0 asked by the
House 011 the disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Fisssexdex, Mr. Howard, and Mr. Hen-
derson the conferees on the part of the Senate.
MIMTAUY PEAOK ESTABLISHMENT.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the amendments of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 138) to in-
crease and fix the military peace establishment
ol' the United States, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives; and
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Ucaolvcl. That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ments to the amendments oftheHouseof Represent-
atives to 11)e said bill, disagreed to by the House,
and oin'eo to the conference asked by the House on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, Til a t the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate bo appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore, appointed
Mr. Wi i.sox, Mr. Hauiim, and Mr. Nesmith.
CIVIL APl'ltOPKIATION HILL.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. 737) making appropriations for sundry
civil expenses of the Government for the ye*ir
ending June ;>0, 1807, and for other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I offer the following amend-
ment. in pursuance of a recommendation of the
Committee on Mililary Affairs and the Militia,
to come in as an additional section :
-1 ad be it further enactcd. That there is hereby ap-
propriated for the payment of the traveling expenses
of the members of the first reaiment of Michigan
cavalry Irum tho place in Utah Toritory where they
weie mustered out of service, in the year 1806, to the
place of their enrollment, a sum sufficient to allow to
each member $325, deducting therefrom thp amount
paid to each lor commutation ol travel, pay, andsub-
yistencc by the Government when thus mustered out,
and tli.it 1 lie accounts be settled and paid under the
direction of the Secretary of War.
The amount called for by this amendment
will not exceed $207 to each soldier.
31 r. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend if it
is reported from the Military Committee.
-Mr. HOWARD. I so remarked when I
presented the amendment. The ground of the
claim is this: the first regiment of Michigan
cavalry were taken to .Utah at or about the
close of the war. They were there detained
about six months, if I am rightly informed,
beyond the period of their enlistment. They
were then very improperly informed by their
commanding oiiiccr that unless they consented
to be mustered out of the service at or near Salt
Lake Oity they would be detained in the service
for two monthslonger, the consequence of which
was that all, or nearly all of them, consented
to 1)0 mustered out there and were paid off there
in the usual way. They found themselves at
a very great distance from their homes, which
were in Michigan, where they enlisted, and the
amount of traveling pay they received upon
being mustered out was entirely insufficient to
pay their expenses in traveling homo. They
ought not to have been detained in the service
beyond the period of their enlistment, and
they ought not to have been mustered out in
Utah where they were actually mustered out.
The whole proceeding seems to have been an
imposition upon this excellent regiment of
cavalry. Many of tlie boya mustered out at
that remote place, spent all the money which
they received for travel and pay there, and some
of them were alrrfost obliged to beg their way
home again. I think it is a matter of simple
justice to indemnify them for the losses which
they were thus compelled to sustain in conse-
quence of the proceedings on the part of the
officer. I havfe here a very brief report in
manuscript of the Committee on Military Af-
fairs which I will send to the Chair to be read,
if it is called for. ["No!" "No!"]
Mr. CONNESS. The case presented by the
honorable Senator is not the only case of this
kind, and without desiring to oppose this one,
I think all such cases should be settled together.
Mr. HOWARD. It is too late now.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator replies that
it is too late. It is not too late. It would be
manifestly improper to make this appropriation
and then refuse to make an appropriation for
the soldiers of other States who were served in
like manner. Several regiments of the volun-
teers of California have been mustered out in
the same improper manner in Utah, in Ari-
zona, and in New Mexico, and in traveling
homeward they have experienced the most sore
and severe distress. I have letters now in my
possession and continue to receive them on this
subject. On making representations to the War
Department no cure could be administered
there. The representations made by the com-
manding officers who resorted to these modes
of mustering out the men and these systems
of deception were conclusive to the War De-
partment, and they would do nothing. I sug-
gest, therefore, to the Senator not to press this
proposition at this time, but let the matter go
over and let all these cases be settled at once.
Mr. HOWARD. Whenever any other case
of this kind shall arise, I shall be entirely
willing to grant similar relief; but I hope this
amendment will not be embarrassed by other
cases.
Mr. CONNESS. They exist now.
Mr. HOWARD. There appears to have
been no application thus far, so far as I am
advised, on the part of other soldiers.
Mr. CONNESS. Yes, sir; there have been.
Mr. HOWARD. In this case, the proceed-
ings are perfectly regular.
Mr. STEWART. I think there will be no
great difficulty in amending the amendment,
so as to apply it to all the eases of those who
were thus mustered out at that time. I haye
received many letters on this subject. There
were several hundred men from Nevada and
California mustered out and left in Utah with-
out transportation home. Utah is a very ex-
pensive place, and some of them really suf-
fered, and did not have the means to got away.
I received a letter a few days ago from a sol-
dier who was left there. I suggest an amend-
ment to the amendment, so that it shall cover
all the soldiers who were in Utah and mus-
tered out under those circumstances.
Mr. NESM1TII. This is a very peculiar
case, and as a member of the Committee on
Military Affairs I had occasion to investigate
the subject when it was before the committee.
It was the only case of the kind that was pre-
sented. If other cases exist, as the Senator
from California and the Senator from Nevada
state, and as doublless do exist, it seems to
me they should have been presented to the
consideration of the committee as this case
was. The facts in this ease, I apprehend, will
vary very much from the facts in the cases to
which they allude.
The facts in this case are substantially these:
this regiment was marched to Utah and was
kejit there for some time after the expiration
of its term of service. The evidence submit-
ted to the committee went to show that in
February last, in the dead of winter, the regi-
ment was paraded, and the proposition was
made to them whether they would consent to
be mustered out at that point, Fort Bridger, or
Salt Lake, or whether they would prefer to be
retained two months more beyond their time,
and be marched back to the frontier. The
men had become tired of the service. They
had served for some time over their term of
enlistment, "and they _ supposed that in any
event their transportation would be paid to the
frontier. Upon this proposition being submit-
ted to them, the majority of them came to the
conclusion that they would prefer to be mus-
tered out, under the impression that they were
to be transported back to the place of enlist-
ment. When the paymaster came to pay
them off, he paid them commutation at six
cents a mile from Fort Bridger to the place of
enlistment. There were no means of their
getting back in small squads. Their road was
through a dense wilderness, full of hostile In-
dians, with no subsistence on the route, no
hotels or places where they could be accom-
modated ; the traveling exceedingly bad and
no steamboat or railroad line or facility of that
kind for traveling. They received $118 70
a piece to pay their commutation from Salt
Lake City and Fort Bridger back to Michigan,
where they were mustered in ; while the stage
fare, the only mode of traveling by that road
was $300 from Salt Lake to the Missouri front-
ier, leaving them there out of pocket the dif-
ference between $118 70 and the mere stage
fare, to say nothing of their subsistence, and
then entirely destitute of funds to transport
themselves from Atchison, in Kansas, to their
homes in Michigan.
Ordinarily I should be opposed to giving any
additional compensation beyond that allowed
by law to troops for returning home; but as I
stated before, there are peculiarities about this
case which deserve consideration. It was a
very great hardship, I think, to leave men des-
titute in the middle of a wilderness country,
and in the dead of winter, under such circum-
stances. Why, sir, if those men hadundertaken
to make the march on foot—the only mode
they had of making it except by stage-coach
—the commutation which they were allowed of
S118 70 would not have been sufficient to pay
for their meals on the route, even if there were
facilities for obtaining them, allowing that they
marched twenty miles a day for the distance
of twelve hundred miles. Those who got to the
frontiers were in a very destitute condition, and
arrived there without any means to pay their
transportation back to their homes. There
was great suffering among the men. They had
behaved gallantly during the war. They were
a fine regiment. They had served over their
time without any complaint. They wore
marched twelve hundred miles beyond the
frontiers after the expiration of their term of
service ; and I think all the circumstances
taken together make it the strongest possible
case, and I believe the Government should re-
munerate them. This amendment only gives
them the difference between S118 70and $325.
I do not believe that the allowance of $525
would take them home. That allowance would
only take them to Atchison, in Kansas, and
leave them to pay their expenses from there
home; but the appropriation is limited to $325,
and I trust it will be granted as a matter of jus-
tice to these gallant men who served the coun-
try so willingly and uncomplainingly. I passed
through the country when they were there on
duty. They were behaving well; they were
the best soldiers I saw in the country. 1 think,
as a matter of justice to these gallant men, that
the Government should make them this com-
pensation for the amount they were deprived
of by its own unjust decision.
Mr. GRIMES. How much is the amount
altogether?
Mr. NESMITH. I do not know what the
aggregxte amount is. It will amount, I be-
lieve, to $217,560. I have not got it exactly.
Mr. STEWART. I do not wish to throw
any obstruction in the way of this amendment,
because I think the claim is entirely just. I
think it was wrong to muster out any soldiers
at Salt Lake without furnishing them trans-
i portation from there to their homes; but that
