1238
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
over any act ever passed granting lands for a
railroad before, excepttheactgrantinglandsfor
the construction of the Pacific railroad passed
by this body.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will make no opposi-
tion to the passage of the bill; but if I can, I
will look into it, and if I find that my friend is
mistaken about it I shall reserve the privilege
of moving a reconsideration.
Mr. CONNESS. Ihave no objection to that.
I -will make the motion for the Senator if he
desires it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
"Wednesday, March 1, 1806.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the call of committees for reports,
commencing with the Committee for the Dis-
trict of Columbia.
COURT OF CLAIMS.
On morion of Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, the
bill (S. No. 33) entitled "Ail act in relatiun
to the Court of Claims,'" was by unanimous
consent taken from the Speaker's table, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
fuekdmisn's buueaa.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, that it may be printed and referred
to the select committee on froedmen, a bill to
continue iu lbrco and amend an act entitled
"An act to establish a Bureau for the Relief
of l'Ycedmen and Refugees, and for oilier pur-
poses. ''
Mr. BROOKS. T do not object to the print-
ing or the reference of this bill; but 1 desire
that it shall not be allowed any precedence of
other business.
Mr. ELIOT. That is not desired. I am will-
ing to agree that the bill shall not be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
The Sl'KAlCER. If there bo no objection,
the hill will be read a first and second time,
referred to the select committee on freednien,
and ordered to be printed, with the understand-
ing that it shall not be brought back by a mo-
tion to reconsider.
There was no objection.
PAYMENT 01? PENNSYLVANIA WAR DEBT.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee on Appropriations,
a bill to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania
for moneys advanced to the Government for
war purposes ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union, ordered to lie
printed, and made the special order for Wed
nesday, the 11th instant, and from day to day
until disposed of.
CHESAPEAKE AND OHIO CANAL, ETC.
Mr. E. THOMAS, by unanimous consent,
submifted I he following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That Ihe Committee for tho Distrint of
Columbia ho instructed to inquire into tho expedi-
ency of providing xor the construction of ail aqueduct
across the basin at the month of llock creek, to
the water from the Chesapeake and Ohio canal into
the Washington canal, and through tho Washington
canal to tho Eastern Branch, near the navy-yard,
that cargoes from loaded boats from the Chesapeake
and Ohio canal may with facility be unloaded on
the banks of the Washington canal and at the East-
ern Jsraneh, and thus diminish the cost of coal and
of ot her articles to the citizens of Washington and to
the Government of the United states,
REIMBURSEMENT TO MISSOURI.
Mr. LOAN, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table Senate bill
No. 31, to reimburse the State of Missouri for
moneys expended for the United States in en-
rolling, equipping, and provisioning a militia
force to aid in suppressing the rebellion, and
tliat.it be referred to the select committee on
the war debts of the loyal States. , -
Mr. STEVENS. That bill should be referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. LOAN. I have no objection to that ref-
erence.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. WASIiBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was re-
ferred ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MUTUAL FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The regular order of busi-
ness is the consideration of House bill No. 223,
to amend an act to incorporate the Mutual Fire
Insurance Company of the District of Colum-
bia, reported back "from the Committee for the
District of Columbia without amendment; on
which the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Mkkouk] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MERCUR. Mr. Speaker, at the expi-
ration of the morning hour yesterday I was
about to answer an objection of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Davis.] It would be
anticipated from his remarks that we were to
inaugurate a now system of insurances in this
District, whereas such is not the fact. This is
simply an amendment to an act of incorpora-
tion which lias been in force for the last eleven
years; and the sole object of this is to enable
the company to increase its business in accord-
ance with the increased requirements of the
business community of this District. It is the
design, in a measure, in addition to the increase
of business, to enable the company to keep a
large sum of money on hand to meet the de-
mands that may be made on it for the payment
of losses. The original charter limited tho
amount of money it should have upon hand to
$20,000. Jn accordance with the requirements
of the community and their increased business
it was found it wants a fund greater than that;
and therefore this amendment: is simply for the
purpose of enabling the company to transact a
larger amount of business and to have a suffi-
cient amount of money on hand at all times to
meet its obligations. I demand tho previous
question. •
Mr. DAVIS. 1 ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. MERCUR. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I objected yes-
terday to the passage of this bill because I
believe the principle involved is one unsafe to
the community. I have nothing to say in re-
gard to the management of this company. It
maybe perfectly sound and safe in all respects.
Nor will I say a company upon such a basis
may. not be properly administered so that the
public interests will not suffer. But I do say,
in the history of such companies wherever they
have been incorporated there has been so much
of fraud, so many inducements to do wrong
and commit fraud, that I protest against the
adoption of such a principle of incorporation
here.
An insurance company should have something
besides the credit of premium notes which it
may hold to represent capital. It should have
an active, actual capital paid in or secured.
When based upon credit one disastrous night
may wipe out- the entire capital, and those who
hold unpaid insurances to the amount of fifty
to one hundred thousand dollars have nothing
to look to except assessments upon the pre-
mium notes held by this corporation.
All the security tho parties dealing with the
company have is the amount of 330,000 capital;
yet the risks under the policies may amount to
half a million or a million dollars.
Now, in order to illustrate the working of this
system, I will refer to the history of one or two
companies in the State of New York, the affairs
of which it has been my duty to investigate. In
one company where this system of premium
notes was adopted the directors all lived in a
little village. They made a by-law that they
should meet every night, and that every director
should receive two dollars a session, and any
member not present was liable to be fined a box
of cigars or a basket of champagne, that was
to be paid out of the funds of the company.
Large salaries were given to'traveling agents.
The result was, after issuing insurances to tho"
amount of hundreds of thousands of dollars,
when the claims for losses came in, not five per
cent, could be collected on the premium notes.
The whole thing was found to be a sham and a
fraud upon the community.
And that is the history of four or five com-
panies in .the State of New York. Upon these
premium notes litigations were commenced
costing the parties many thousand dollars.
Now, sir, I do not wish to see the people of
the District of Columbia or of the adjoining
States who have business with this company
subjected to such frauds as these. If this com-
pany desire to increase their capital let 'them
be allowed to contribute $30,000 in cash. With
the consent of the gentleman, I will move an
amendment that the company be allowed to
pay in an additional cash capital of §30,000.
Mr. MERCUR. I cannot consent to that.
In answer to the objections urged by the gen-
tleman from Now York I will read a few lines
further from tho original act of incorporation.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. MERCUR. Yes. sir.
Mr. STEVENS. In these mutual insurance
companies 'the premium notes of members of
tho company are received, and they are re-
sponsible for losses by assessment; so that they
are all responsible to the amount of business
done on the premium notes or on the cash. Is
this company organized on the same principle?
Mr. MERCUR. Precisely. • -
Mr. STEVENS. Then where is the fraud
about it? Everybody who goes into it is re-
sponsible, and nobody is bound to go into it
unless he chooses. I can very well understand
tho fraudulent contrivances which operate in
the neighborhood of the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. Davis,] but other mutual insur-
ance companies are chartered in the same way.
Mr. MERCUR. There is this additional
security, which most other corporations do not
have in their charters:
Said notes shall be payable on demand, and sliall
constitute and be a lien to the amoinii thereof re-
spectively upon all buildings insured bv said com-
pany, the lands upon which they stand, and the
aptnutcnanees to such lands, and upon the estate and
interest, legal and equitable, of the assured in such
buildings, lands, and appurtenances, and upon the
other property of said company, in consideration
thereof.
Thus it will be observed that all the safe-
guards which the law can throw around it have
been clearly and specifically definedby the terms
of this bill. Not only is there a claim to assess
on the premium notes but the property assured
is bound bjr the premium notes, and it cannot
pass out of the reach of the same.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask a question ?
Mr. MERCUR. Yes, sir. "
Mr. DAVIS. Take the case of insurance of
personal property which is changing hands ; I
would like to know what the security is in re-
spect to that kind of property except the note.
Mr. MERCUR. There may be difficulty in
giving full force and effect to this act in its ap-
plication to personal property, but not in its
application to real estate. The gentleman ob-
jects to this because they have not funds enough
on hand to meet their obligation's. The object
of this amendment is to remedy this evil, to
guard against that defect, and it is to enable
them to have larger funds on hand than they
otherwise would have. It seems to me there
can be no valid objection to it. I move the
previous question.
