1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2199
ner in which the powers are to be exerted, but
it is still worse when you leave them at large
to exert the authority that you propose to con-
fer upon them in any way that they may think
proper.
Bat that is not all. The amendment goes
further. It gives the power "to connect with
roads of other States, so as to form continuous
lines for the transportation of the same to the
place of destination." Now mark, Mr. Pres-
ident, I have assumed that it will sometimes
happen that there is no existing road with
which they can make a connection, and that
they are therefore to make a road. To give
them the authority, if we have the power to
authorize them to make a road, to charge for
the use of the road would seem to be all right.
But there are railroads with which a connec-
tion may be made. Then what do you say to
them? The Raritan railroad—and I mention it
only for the purpose of illustration—connects
with some other road in New Jersey which
runs through the State, and it can by means
of that other road transport the passengers on
board its own cars and the freight destined to
some other State, to their places of destination.
Now, what do you say? That if their passen-
gers and their freight are placed in the cars of
the road with which they form a connection
and by which they are carried to the place of
their destination in some other State, they may
charge for the transportation upon that con-
necting road. Nothing is plainer than that.
They are to connect with roads of other States
so as to form continuous lines for the transpor-
tation of passengers and freight to their place
of destination, and they are to receive compen-
sation therefor.
What is the effect upon the passenger or the
owner of the freight, it' I am right? It is this—
unless it be the purpose of the committee to
accomplish what I suppose they will hardly
pretend to say they have the authority to accom-
plish—to mulct the passenger or the owner of
the freight with double charges. The passen-
ger upon the Raritan railroad, or the owner of
freight which is transported upon the connect-
ing road of which the Raritan railroad consti-
tutes no part except under the authority of this
bill, is to be charged for that transportation by
the Raritan company; and you do not propose
to take from the connecting road that power.
Leaving, therefore, to the connecting road the
power to charge for transportation, you give to
the Raritan road the power to charge also, and
you give it without any limitation. They may
charge whnt they please. Not being subject
to the limitations contained in the charter of
the connecting road, they are left to fix their
compensation upon the ground of a quantum
meruit. Why, Mr. President, with just as much
authority, I think, could Congress say that the
passenger should be carried without compensa-
tion. The authority to increase the tolls involves
in it the authority to diminish the tolls, and the
authority to diminish the tolls involves the
power to do away with the tolls altogether and
make the roads free.
I have not the books before me, Mr. Presi-
dent, nor if I had would I trouble the Senate
with citations from them ; but every lawyer in
the Senate who is at all familiar with the decis-
ions of the Supreme Court of the United States
knows that long before and subsequent to
the case of Gibbons vs. Ogden, reported in 9
Wheaton, it was the received doctrine that the
internal commerce of a State was exclusively
in the power of a State. The great men who
filled the judicial department of the State of
New York at the time when that decision was
pronounced in the State court—men whose
superiors were never found upon any bench
either before or since—were of opinion in that
case that the exclusive patent granted for the
navigation of the waters of the Hudson river
by steam was authorized upon the ground that
the Hudson river was entirely within the State
of New York, and it was therefore to be con-
sidered as included within the admitted right
of every State to regulate its own domestic
commerce. The Supreme Court of the United
States came to a different opinion as far as the
exigency of that ease was determined, and they
came to that opinion upon the ground that that
authority to regulate commerce am©ng- the
States included navigation, and wa3 an author-
ity which did not terminate at the boundary
line of any State, but went into any State as
far as its navigable rivers would permit it to
go, and that Congress, therefore, had the au-
thority by license to authorize the vessels ob-
taining a license from the United States to
pursue their trade from the State to which they
belonged to the State for which the cargo was
destined; but in that decision Chief Justice
Marshall, speaking for the whole bench, ad-
mitted that roads exclusively within the lim-
its of a State, commerce altogether internal,
whether carried on upon the waters of a State
or carried on upon the roads of a State, were
entirely, exclusively, witlnn the jurisdiction of
the State.
Now, what does this bill say? That a road
constructed for the local trade of a State, for
the purpose of benefiting a commerce entirely
internal as within a State, shall not be subject
to any limitations contained in its own charter,
provided it has on board its cars a passenger
or a box of freight designed to go beyond the
limits of which the road is authorized to carry
it by its own charter. Once find the possession
of one of those companies whose rights are
limited, granted for the purpose of carrying on
domestic trade as contradistinguished from
commerce between the States—once put on
board a road of that description a particle of
freight or a single passenger, and it has a right
to disregard its own charter, and the State has
no authority to refuse that permission. Ithas
no authority, therefore, to repeal the charter.
Lot us look at that for a moment. The fran-
chise is abused, clearly abused, or the State
exercises a power reserved, as is done in most
of these charters, of repealing or modifying the
charter. You pass this act. A State insists
upon her right to forfeit the charter of any par-
ticular company upon the ground that it is sub-
ject to forfeiture for an abuse of its franchise;
or it undertakes to qualify the franchise; it un-
dertakes to repeal" the charter. Can the State
do that if wo have the authority to pass this
bill? May not the company say, and say with
success, if we possess the power this bill assumes
to exert, "It is true we have abused the fran-
chise; itistraethatindependentof congressional
legislation the charter may be forfeited; it is
true that by the terms of the charter you have a
right to repeal it: but we stand upon the para-
mount. authority of the Congress of the United
States, and they have decided that we shall
have the authority to make a road, unless we
can form the connection in some other way, so
as to connect, our own road with the roads lead-
ing to some other State; you have no right to
interfere to forfeit our charter or repeal our
charter, because to do cither renders useless
the object which Congress has in view, and as
every legal act of Congress upon any subject
over which the jurisdiction of the body extends
is by the very terms of the Constitution para-
mount to State legislation, we stand upon that
paramount authority, and we defy the State to
take away from us our franchise."
Now, Mr. President, as far as we can do it,
we have admitted Colorado ; and it was put
upon the ground that a territorial condition
was not suited to the genius of the American
people: they wanted the protection that a State
of this Union can claim under the Constitution.
Pass this bill, and as far as the particular power
is concerned, heretofore deemed to be exclu-
sively in the States, we are in a condition neither
more nor less than territorial. My friend from
Oregon, [Mr. Williams,] who so well told us
how important it was to the people of a Terri-
tory to be permitted to form themselves into a
State government, to become a part of this
great brotherhood of States, to be one of the
States composing the Union, in order that they
may have the powers reserved to the States
and. to the people of the States and escape the
exclusive legislation of Congress, will find him-
self sadly mistaken in the practical result, pro-
vided the principle that is to be found in this
bill is adopted. Oregon may fancy that she has
a right to charter railroads and affix whatt^rms
she thinks proper; Colorado, if she comes in—
and that may be one of her purposes in com-
ing—may desire to charter railroads, and she
may thinly that she will derive vast benefit
from_ the right to have control over franchises
of this description. But it is a delusion if the
principle upon which this bill stands is a sound
one. It will depend entirely upon the fancy of
Congress.
Let a committee on commerce, as enlight-
ened as the present committee of this body is,
get it into their heads that the limitations con-
tained in these several charters are danger-
ous and destructive to commerce between the
States or to foreign commerce, and then they
will claim not to usurp, because they do not
consider it as usurpation, but tlicy will claim
the right to take the whole subject into the
hands of Congress, thus throwing back in the
instances to which I have alluded Oregon and
Colorado into the chrysalis state of a Terri-
tory, and liable to the mischief so well depicted
by my friend from Oregon. I tell him to take
heed. Oregon is in danger. The people of
Colorado, whom he is so anxious at once to
bring into this Union of States, are in danger.
It is not the old States only, hut the new ; one
and all will be involved in the vortex of con-
gressional power, until at last we shall become
in relation to a subject of paramount impor-
tance, until lately considered to be exclusively
vested in the States, a consolidated Govern-
ment ; and I stand upon the wisdom of our
fathers—wisdom which fell from the lips of
those men who were foremost in giving a
liberal construction to the Constitution after it
was adopted and were members of the Federal
party, among whom was the enlightened and
eloquent Ames, when I say to the Senate, I
do not repeat his language, I give the sub-
stance of it—that consolidation in that sense
will be destructive of American constitutional
freedom. The Union consolidated is one thing ;
the Government of the Union consolidated so
as to take within its own grasp powers here-
tofore supposed to be reserved to the States,
is another thing. Under the first no imagi-
nation can depict the renown, the prosperity,
and the happiness which will bo the fate, if not
of ourselves, of those who ore to follow us;
and no imagination, however fertile in con-
ceiving mischiefs that, may come in the future,
can depict the horrors that will sooner or later
be the result of such a consolidation as I have
just stated; internal dissension, civil wars with-
out number, until we are reduced to the con-
dition in which the South American republics
are now placed for the most part, when some
military usurper coming from abroad or spring-
ing up within our own limits shall save us from
the horrors of anarchy by ruling us with a des-
potic will.
I am done, Mr. President.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I have not
had as full an opportunity to examine the
facts connected with this case and the legal
decisions which may be applicable to it as I
could have desired.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator will permit
me, I will move that the matter go over until
to-morrow. It is a subject that ought not to
be disposed of at onee.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have an executive
session.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness so as to leave this bill as the unfinished
business for to-morrow.
Mr. HOWARD. I yield the floor for that
purpose.
The motion of Mr. Chandler was agreed
to ; and after some time spent in executive ses-
sion, the doors were reopened.
message feom thi'i ii0ds13.
A message from the House of Representa-
