TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS,
January 10,
their constituents in all matters which relate to
the local interests of their respective districts. If
it'-Weie possible for Congress to legislate in any
matter touching the municipal government of
their constituencies, how eloquent and earnest
would they all be in opposition to any-measure
manifestly contrary to the expressed will of the
majority represented by them in this House.
Bat are we not also the representatives - of the
people of the District of Columbia? Does not
the law make us the guardians of their rights
as fully as if we were dependent upon their votes ?
In becoming their legislators, we have assumed
at the same time the sacred duty of applying to
them those principles of i-epublican government
which the Constitution has guarantied to all
the States. Tyrannize over them, indeed, we
may, but hot without the abuse of power, and
a disgraceful repudiation of our moral obli-
gations. To disregard their interests and set
at naught their wishes in this matter would be
especially ungracious on the part of those of us
whose constituencies at home agree with the
people of the District of Columbia in opposition
to the principle of the pending bill. It would
ill become us to fasten, by our votes, -upon the
people of this District, against their consent, a
, measurer which the people of our own States
have already pronounced a political degrada-
tion, and have provided against its infliction
upon them by constitutional enactments. In
eighteen out of twenty-five States now repre-
sented in this Congress negroes and mulattoes
are not allowed to vote. In some of the others
there are special restrictions imposed. In three
ofthe States—Connecticut, Wisconsin, and Min-
nesota—elections were recently held, in which
the people by heavy majorities decided against
negro suffrage. Yet in each of these States the
number of colored persons is comparatively
small, while here it probably equals one third
of the entire population.
In all the States the people have- settled this
question for themselves, and I claim the same
privilege for the people of the District of Co-
lumbia.
The outrage proposed to be inflicted is con-
siderably heightened when we consider the ig-
norance and degradation of the great body of
those upon whom this bill would confer the
elective franchise. The colored population of
the District of Columbia, at the beginning of
the war, was about fifteen thousand. Since then
it has more than doubled, mainly by the influx
of refugees and contrabands from the South, who
were born and reared in slavery, and debased
by all the influences of such a condition of life.
Few_ of them able to read; without any instruc-
tion in the most elementary principles of govern-
ment ; living amid filth and disease ; many of
them subsisting upon charity—such are the
beings selected by this bill to be the represent-
atives of the Ameiican ballot-box in the polit-
ical metropolis of the nation. I do not mean
to say that among the colored'population of
the District there are not individuals of intel-
ligence and worth who would be able to vote
with judgment and patriotism ; but they are the
exceptions, and constitute the aristocracy, and
would consider themselves debased by too close
a communion with their more ignorant and de-
graded brethren.
The gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] did
not undertake to argue that, they were lit to ex-
ercise the elective franchise, but he puts in the
plea of the statute of limitations, declaring that
it is too late now to exclude them from voting
upon'the ground of ignorance.
What have the people of the District of Co-
lumbia done to be made the victims of such a
bill as this? It has been charged against them
that they were disloyal, and that therefore they
are to be punished with negro suffrage. "Dis-
loyalty" is a convenient word nowadays to
cover political or social persecution. I had
heard that this was one of the motives of this
bill, but I hardly expected to hear the gentle-
man from Iowa admit in his argument that that
was one of the mattersto be taken into consid-
eration by this House in their votes upon this
bill. I am happy, however, to have the mate-
rial at hand triumphantly to defend the people
of the District of Columbia from this charge
brought against them by the gentleman from
Iswa. The figures at the War Department
refute this slander, and show a most honora-
ble record for the people of this District in the
most perilous hour of the Republic. Under
the first call for seventy-five thousand men, in
1861, the District of Columbia put into the field
four thousand seven hundred and twenty vol-
unteers—six times as many as the State of
Maine, or the State of New Hampshire, or the
State of Vermont, and twice as many as those
three States combined; about a thousand more
than the State of Massachusetts, which fur-
nished under that call three thousand seven
hundred and thirty-six men. I shall not dwell
upon the subsequent calls for men during the
progress of the war, of whom the District of
Columbia furnished her full proportion. For
it was the response to the first call which was
the touchstone of loyalty. Then there were
neither drafts, nor bounties, nor substitutes,
nor boat-loads of contrabands to be sold to the
highest bidder. It was something to be loyal
then in this locality, when the flag of the rebels
could be seen from the dome of the Capitol,
and their morning gun awoke the echoes of the
presidential mansion ; when even communica-
tion with the North was precarious, and at times
suspended. It was something then for the
District of Columbia to furnish to the Gov-
ernment volunteers equal to two thirds of her
voting population!
But I am disposed to acquit the authors of
this bill of all special malice toward the white
inhabitants of the District of Columbia. I am
willing to believe that it is not for the punish-
ment ofthe people of this District in particular
that this bill has been framed. The people of
this District have no political significance. They
vote only in municipal affairs, and it cannot
be regarded as a matter in itself important
that those affairs should be controlled by negro
voters, who own comparatively so little of the
property in the District, and who pay so small
a portion of the taxes. The design of this bill
is far more comprehensive than that. It is to
inaugurate here, upon this most conspicuous
stage, the first act of the new political drama
which is intended to culminate in the complete
political equality ofthe races and the establish-
ment of negro suffrage throughout the States.
Constitutional amendments with this view have
been already introduced at both ends of the
Capitol. The object of the leaders of this move-
ment is no longer concealed, and if there is any-
thing in their action to admire it is the candor,
courage, and ability with which they press their
cause. The agitation is to go on until the ques-
tion-has been settled by the country, and it may
as well be met here upon the threshold. The
monstrous proposition is nothing less than the
absorption into the body-politic of the nation
of a colored population equal to one sixth of
all the inhabitants ofthe country, as the census
reports will show. Four millions of the popu-
lation so to be amalgamated have been just set
free from a servitude the debasing influences
of which have many a time been vividly depicted
in the anti-slavery speeches of the very men
who are the most prominent champions of this
new political gospel. The object for which this
mass of degraded humanity is to be poured into
the political arteries of the nation has been
boldly proclaimed. The great leader in this
House of what he calls himself the "new gos-
pel of liberty," has spoken. Ho hasproclaiiucd
that southern representation in Congress must
be rendered powerless for any harm to that
gentleman's party, either by a change in the
basis of representation or by negro suffrage.
In his remarkable speech he said:
"With the basis unchanged, the ei?htj--three south-
ern members, with the Democrats thorn-ill in the best
of times be elected from the North, will always give
them a maj ority in Congress and in the Electoral Col-
lege. They"ivill at the very first elee' ion take posses-
sion of the tYfnto House and the Halls of Congress."
There is the point and from thence has radi-
ated the "new gospel of liberty," demanding
those measures for the establishment of negro
suffrage of which thisbillisone. To palliatein
some degree the natural repulsiveness of tho
scheme, its authors attempt, and the gentleman
from Iowa has but followed their example, to
shoulder the responsibility upon the founders
of our Republic, and they go delving down
among the foundation-stones of our Govern-
ment to find this stone rejected by the builders
and make it the head of the corner.
Suffrage is claimed for the negro upon the
ground of natural right, although the gentle-
manfrom Iowa [Mr. Wilsox] disclaimed on his
own*account putting it on that ground. He
put it upon a ground which, according to his
own definition, amounted to precisely the same
thing. He says that although the right of suf-
frage is not a natural right, it is a political right,
and involved in the nature of civil government.
He said, moreover, that it was aright as sacred
as a natural right. And therefore I do not see
much difference between the ground which he
takes and that which is assumed in the numer-
ous printed pamphlets with which the desks of
the members of this House are strewn.
But it seems to mo that it ought to be suffi-
ciently evident that universal suffrage is not a
natural right, nor a right which is necessarily
involved in the nature of civil government. On
the contrary, it is a right which can only be ex-
ercised-inthe mostartifieial condition of society.
Nowhere does the right of suffrage exist to the
same extent as in the United States of America,
and nowhere else is there, or was there ever, so
complicated a system of human government. I
grant that mankind are entitled by nature to as
much power in the State as they are capable of
understanding and of using for the general wel-
fare. No less than that, and no more. The.
argument in favor of the American negro's
right to vote must therefore be measured by his
capacity to understand and his ability to use
such right for the promotion of the public good.
And that is the very matter in dispute. But
the point does not turn simply upon the infe-
riority of the negro race. For differences with-
out inferiority may unfit one race for political
or social assimilation with another, and render
their fusion in the same Government incompat-
ible with the general welfare. It is, as I con-
ceive, upon these principles that we must settle
the question whether this is a white man's Gov-
ernment.
But we were told the other day by my dis-
tinguished colleague, the chairman of the corns
mittee on reconstruction, [Mr. Stevens,] that
"to say so is political blasphemy." And in
support of his position he said further that "our
fathers repudiated the whole doctrine of the
legal superiority .of races." But the truth is
too plain for discussion, that our fathers rec-
ognized and practiced directly the opposite doe-
trine, and even fortified by the bulwarks of the
Constitution itself the subjection of the infe-
rior race. No man can read with open eyes
and candid mind the Constitution of the United
States, as made by our fathers, and fail to see
that this Government was intended by its foun-
ders to be a white man's Government. It was on
this very account that the early abolitionists
denounced it as a covenant with heli, and the
advocates of the higher law proposed to tram-
ple it under foot.
Arguments derived from the phraseology ofthe
Declaration of American Independence would
scarcely need a refutation, were it not for the
pertinacity with which they are thrust upon
us. If, however, by the expression therein con-
tained, that "all men *arc created free and
equal," we are to infer that the illustrious
slaveholders who helped to frame that instru-
ment intended to assert the political equality
of the races, we must believe also the mon-
strous anomaly that they intended to proclaim
their daily life a continuous lie, and their su-
premacy over the negro a most atrocious and
wicked usurpation. If so, what blasphemy
would have been their appeal to the Supreme
Judge of the world for the rectitude of their
intentions, and what mockery to profess as they
did a decent respect for the opinions of man-
kind.
