2200
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
tives, by Mr. McPhersojt, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed the following bills,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate: .
A bill (II- R. No. 434) for the relief of Isa-
bella Strubing;
A bill (H. R. No. 473) to extend the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims; and
A bill (II. R. No. 475) to facilitate the set-
tlement of the accounts of paymasters of the
Army.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No.
67) providing for the reappraisement of the
lands described in an act for the relief of Wil-
' liam Sawyer and others, of Ohio.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of the
United States, submitting, for the consideration
of Congress, a communication from the Secre-
tary of the Interior in relation to the failure to
complete the eastern division of the Union
Pacific railroad; which was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and ordered
to be printed.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. GRIMES, two weeks' leave
of absence from Monday next was granted to
Mr. ItamucKS.
contit actojts i'oit vessels and machinery.
M r. HEN DR.1 CKS. I move to lay aside the
pending special order and take up Senate bill
No. 220.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
220) for the relief of certain contractors for
the construction of vossels-of-war and steam
machinery.
JM r. 11HND 11IC KS. T move that the further
consideration of the bill be postponed to and
made 1 lie special order of the day for to-morrow
at one o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. POMER0Y, the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OK REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, April 20,1800.
The House met at, twelve o'clock m.
The Journal of yesterday was road and
approved.
uwcinmno cketatn duties.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 ask leave I o report back,
without amendment., from the Committee of
Ways and Means, Senate bill No. 253, to remit
and refund certain duties.
I will explain the bill in a few words. After
the expiration of the reciprocity treaty, some
produce which it was intended to send from
one port in the United States to another port
in the United States was accidentally detained
by ice, and in consequence became subject to
duties. This bill has already passed the Senate
unanimously. No one under these circum-
stances would bo likely to exact duties from our
own people. I think there can be no objection
to it.
The bill was received and read. It directs
the Secretary of the Treasury to remit, or if
paid to refund, any duties levied on produce
shipped from a port in the United States to a
port in the United States via Canada, if the
said produce was actually in transilu and
detained by ice when the recent reciprocity
treaty with Canada expired.
Mr. MORRILL. This bill is well guarded,
and is intended to apply to some grain, I sup-
pose. going from the West to the East.
Mr. J. 'M. HUMPHREY. Does this bill
include grain that was bought in Canada be-
fore the reciprocity treaty expired?
Mr. MOIU'ILL. It applies to grain shipped
from a port of the United States only.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. Ought it not to
cover both cased ?
Mr. MORRTLL. I think not.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. The justice of the
one is as great as the other.
Mr. M.ORR1LL. I know of no such cases.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. I have in my
possession a petition to the Secretary of the
Treasury, which 1 have not yet presented, ask-
ing just such relief as this.
Air. MORRILL. I think we might find a
great many cases of persons in the United
States who have purchased produce in Canada
under those circumstances. If we open the
door in one case the number of persons to be
relieved may bo interminable. I should be
very much opposed to making the provisions
of any bill so wide as that.
The bill was then read the third time and
passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the hill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
accounts oe the united states treasurer.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent,
reported bask, without amendment, from the
Committee of Ways and Means, Senate bill
No. 158, to facilitate the settlement of the
accounts of the Treasurer of the United States,
and to secure cerlain moneys to the people of
the United States, or to persons to whom they
are due, and who are entitled to receive the
same.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill be read.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that .all amounts of money that are represented
by certificates, drafts, or checks issued by the
Treasurer of the United States, or by any dis-
bursing officer of any department of the Gov-
ernment of the United States upon the Treas-
urer, or any Assistant Treasurer, or designated
depositary of the United States, or upon any
national bank designated as a depositary of the
United States, and which shall bo represented
on the books of either of such offices as stand-
ing to the credit of any disbursing officer, and
bearing date prior to July 1, 1803, and which
were issued to facilitate the payment of war-
rants or for any other purpose in liquidation of
a debt duo from the United States, which shall
remain outstanding on the 1st of July. 180G,
shall bo deposited by the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted Stales, to be covered into the Treasury by
warrants to bo carried to the credit of the par-
ties in whose favor such certificates, drafts, or
cheeks wore respectively issued, or to the per-
sons which were entitled to receive pay thereof,
and into the appropriation account to be denom-
inated "outstanding liabilities."
The second section provides that the certifi-
cate of the Register of the Treasury, stating the
amount of any draft issued by the Treasurer
of the United States to facilitate the payment
of a warrant directed to him for payment, and
which shall have remained outstanding and
unpaid for three years or more as aforesaid,
and which shall have been thus deposited and
covered into the 'Treasury, shall be, and the
same is hereby authorized to be, when attached
to any such warrant, a sufficient voucher in
satisfaction of any such warrant or part of any
warrant, the same as if the drafts correctly
indorsed and fully satisfied were attached to
such warrantor part of warrant; and all mon-
eys mentioned in this and the preceding sec-
tion shall remain as a permanent appropriation
for the payment of all such outstanding and
unpaid certificates, drafts, or checks.
The third section provides that tho payee or
the bona fide holder of any such draft or check,
tho amount of which has been so deposited and
covered into the Treasury shall, on presenting
the same to the proper officer of the Treasury,
be entitled to have it paid by the settlement of
an account and the issuing of a warrant in his
favor, according to the practicc in other eases
of authorized and liquidated claims against the
United Stales.
The fourth section provides that at the ter-
mination of every fiscal year after this act shall
begin to operate, the provisions thereof shall
apply to all similar certificates, drafts, and
checks which shall then have remained for
three years or more outstanding; unsatisfied,
and unpaid, and to all disbursing officers'
accounts that shall have so remained unchanged
as in the next section provided for.
The fifth section provides that the amounts,
except such as are provided for in the first sec-
tion of this act, of the accounts of any kind of
disbursing officer of the Government of the
United States which shall have remained un-
changed or which shall not have been increased
by any new deposit thereto, nor decreased by
drafts drawn thereon for the space of three
years, shall, in like manner, be covered into
the Treasury to the proper appropriation to
which they may belong; and fhe amounts
thereof shall, on the certificate of the Treas-
urer of the United States that such amount
has been deposited in the Treasury, be credited
by the proper accounting officer of tho Treas-
ury, on the books of the Treasury Department,
to the officer in whose name it had stood on tho
books of any agency of the Treasury, if it shall
be made to appear that he is entitled to such
credit.
The sixth section enacts that for the pur-
pose of giving force and effect to the full intent
and meaning of this act, it shall be tho duty of
the Treasurer, and of all Assistant Treasurers,
and of all designated depositaries of the Uni-
ted States, and of the cashiers of all national
banks designated as such depositaries, to report
to the Secretary of the Treasury at the close of
business on the 30th day of June next, and in
like manner at the close of business on every
30th day of June thereafter, the condition of
every such account so standing, as specified in
tho preceding sections, on the books of their
respective offices, stating the name of each
depositor respectively with his official designa-
tion, the total amount so remaining on deposit
to his credit, and tho dates respectively of the
last credit and the last debit made to each of
such accounts respectively ; and it shall be the
duty of every and each disbursing officer in a ny
and every department of the Government of
the United States to make a like return of all
checks issued by such officer, and which may
then have been outstanding and unpaid for three
years and more, stating fully in such report the
name of the payee, for what purpose given,
the office on which drawn, the number of the
voucher received therefor, and tlie date, num-
ber, and amount for which it was .drawn, and
when known, the residence of the payee.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, this act be-
comes necessary in consequence of the fact,
which is of course known to all the members
of this House, that no money can be taken
from the Treasury without an appropriation.
In the dealings of the Department with dis-
bursing officers and with various officers con-
nected with the Treasury, there will constantly
arise little errors in their accounts; and in
order to facilitate the settlement of these ac-
counts it has been necessary heretofore to
pass an act of a similar kind. None has
been passed since 1837, and that act was con-
strued to apply only to transactions occurring
previous to that date.
I have conversed with the Treasurer of the
United States, General Spinner, upon this mat-
ter, and am quite satisfied that' it is right. It
will not take a dollar out of tho Treasury; the
money is all there; but it is necessary that we
should give the power to make these transfers
from general to special accounts, in order that
these accounts with a large number of indi-
viduals, some of which arc large, while many
are very small, may be settled and closed. If
no one wishes further explanation, I will ask
for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and underthe operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed,
it was accordingly read the third lime and
passed.
