1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Iff
We find in the constitutions of many of the
States the same words so much dwelt upon by
tlie advocates of negro equality; and further
on in the same constitutions we find words
expressly excluding the negro from all partici-
pation in the government.
The constitution of Connecticut, adopted in
1818, says,- "that all men, when they form a
social compact, are equal in rights; and that
no men or set of men are entitled to exclusive
public emoluments or privileges in the commu-
nity. '' But this declaration did not prevent the
insertion of a clause in the same instrument
confining the elective franchise to the white,
male citizens of the State.
Mr. Speaker, ill the constitution of your own
State of Indiana, adopted as late as 1851,1 find
these same talismanic words, "All men are
created equal." But further on in the same
constitution I find these other words, "No ne-
gro or mulatto shall have the right of suffrage."
And in another place these additional words,
"No negro or mulatto shall come into or settle
in the State after the adoption of this constitu-
tion." And this last prohibition is enforced by
heavy pains and penalties. Surely it will not
be pretended that the intelligent people of In-
diana intended to make a public proclamation
of their injustice by asserting the equality of
the negro, while by their organic law they de-
nied to him all the rights of an equal, and even
a home within the limits of their community.
In the constitution of the State of Oregon,
adopted in 1857, there are these words: "We
declare all men, when they form a social com-
pact, are equal in rights.'' But in the same in-
strument we find also these other words, "No
negro, Chinaman, or mulatto shall have the
right of suffrage."
And Kansas, too, in her constitution, adopted
in 18f><), declares that "all men arc possessed
of equal and inalienable rights." But by the
constitution of Kansas white male persons alone
can vote.
In the constitution of the State of Iowa,
adopted in 1857, are contained these words:
"All men are by nature free and equal.'' But
whether the right of suffrage should be confined
to whites was submitted to a vote of the people
of the State, and t hey decided that in that State
white persons alone should vote. Yet the whole
colored population of Iowa at that time did not
exceed a thousand.
Mr. PRICE. Willthegcntleman fromPenn-
sylvania allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. BOYER. Certainly.
Mi*. PRICE. As the gentleman quotes from
the constitution of my State, and as I see that
my colleague [Mr. Wilson] is not in his seat,
I wish to ask the gentleman whether he does
not know that in the State of Iowa, within the
last few months, the question has been sub-
mitted to the people, whether or not they
would strike the word "white" from their con-
stitution, and that they have decided, by a ma-
jority of over sixteen thousand, that they would.
Does the gentleman know that ?
Mr. BOYER. I did not know that a recent
election on that subject had taken place in the
Stale of Iowa; but the fact is immaterial so
far as my argument is concerned. Tt does not
change the principle, nor does it interfere at
all with the illustration which I have drawn
from the constitution of the State of Iowa.
What I intended to say, and what I did say,
was that the constitution of Iowa contained the
declaration that "all men are, by nature, free
and equal," and yet, in that same instrument,
it was submitted to the people as a doubtful
question of policy—not a question of princi-
ple, but a question of policy—whetherthe blaoks
should vote ; and the people of Iowa decided
at that time that the blacks should not vote.
Whether, under the political excitement of the
hour, the people of Iowa may have changed their
opinion, and given a different decision within
the last few months, I know not; but whether
they have done so or not, I presume the fact
cannot seriously affect the argument.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. in the discussion of this question, calls
39tii Cong.,. 1st Hess.— No. 12.
upon the stand the State of Iowa (which I in
part represent on this floor) as a witness to provo
the correctness of the position whiehlie assumes,
then I insist that he shall take the whole testi-
mony of the witness 01* none. And, while on
the floor, as I do not desire to trespass again
upon the gentleman's time, I will say to him
further, that it would be well for him to remem-
ber that while people and States may occasion-
ally do wrong, it is as true to-day as it \?as when
the sentiment was first uttered, that "the sober
second thought of the people is never wrong,"
as has been illustrated in the recent action of
my State, and this "sober second thought" is
always efficient.
Mr. BOYER. I have now heard the state-
ment of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Prick,]
and I do not see that it affects at all the validity
of my argument. I shall therefore proceed in
the presentation of the line of thought, on which
I was engaged when I yielded to the gentleman.
The constitutions of other States contain
similar general declarations of principle, while
they extend the elective franchise to white men
only. But it is needless to multiply examples,
if it be not already sufficiently plain that, neither
the past nor present generations of our country-
men, in their declarations of the equality of men,
intended to apply it to the political amalgama-
tion of the races.
All men have indeed in some sense been created
equal; but to apply this in its broadest signifi-
cation, so as to ignore all national and ethno-
logical inequalities among men, would involve
the grossest absurdity. All men were endowed
by their Creator with the equal right to receive,
to do, and to enjoy according to their several
capacities and in subservience to the common
good*. All men are equally entitled by nature
to the enjoyment of " life, liberty, and the pur-
suit of happiness," but it does not follow from
this that different races of men can all enjoy
these blessings together in the same community
and in the same form of government upon terms
of complete equality. It'it be true, as is ailirmed
by the greatest of the Apostles, that "Cod hath
made of one blood all the nations of men," the
same high authority informs us also that "he
hath determined the bounds of their habitation.''
There is one extensive region of the earth where,
all things considered, the negro is the superior
of the white man, and where his race, defended
by natural laws, has successfully defied the in-
vading legions of conquering Rome and all the
efforts of European enterprise. In Ethiopia the
negro is and must ever continue to be the ruling
race. But laws of Providence as imperative as
those which have, set apart Ethiopia for him
will in the end preserve this Government for
white men and their posterity, notwithstanding
all the morbid excitements of this hour and
all the temporary evils to which they are likely
to lead. Hie ordinances of nature are not to
be repealed by acts of Congress.
Of the same nature as the argument just an-
swered is the one derived from that clause in the
Constitution of the United Slates which guaran-
tees to all the States a republican form of gov-
ernment. Strangely enough, it is insisted that
to make a State republican in form its negro
population must vote. But of this principle
the founders of our Republic must surely have
lived and died in blissful ignorance, for they
certainly acted and talked as if they imagined
they were living in republican communities,
even when surrounded by negro slaA es. If the
negro has a natural right to vote because he is
a human inhabitant of a community professing
to be republican, then women should vote, for
the same reason ; and the New England States
themselves are only pretended republics, be-
cause their women, who are in a considerable
majority, are denied the right of suffrage.
Some of the reformers do say that after the
negro will come the women. But 1 protest
against, this inverse order of merit; and if
both are to vote f claim precedence for the
ladies. There is one sense in which 1 will admit
that negro votes will be needed at the South to
make JiepubJiean States. And that is the sense
in which the term "Republican" was used
by my colleague [Mr. Stevexs] in Ms speec|
already referred to, when, with even more than
his characteristic candor, he assigned a reason
for the coercion of southern communities into
the adoption of negro suffrage. Said he :
"If they should grant the right of suffrage to per-
sons of color, I think there would always be Union
white men enough in the South aided by the blaoka
to divide the representation, and thus continue-the
Republican ascendency."
But I deny that to be the precise form of t&
publican government guarantied by .the Con-
stitution. :
It is common for tlfe advocates of negro suf-
frage to assume that the color of the negro is
the main obstacle to his admission to politi-
cal equality; and the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] dwelt long upon that argument.
But it is not the complexion of the negro that
degrades him, and I grant that it is but a shal-
low argument that goes no deeper than his skin.
If he is to be excluded from equality in the
Government it is not because he is black, nor
because he has long heels and woolly hair, nor
because the bones of his cranium are thick and
inclose a brain averaging by measurement fewer
cubic inches in volume than the skulls of white
Americans, (although that fact is significant,)
nor because of his odor, (although that is not
always agreeable,) nor because his facial outline
does not conform to ourideas ofbeautifulhuman-
ity. AH these considerations T am willing to
discard from the argument. Bntif the peculiar-
ities I have mentioned are the outward badges
of a race by nature inferior in mental caliber,
and lacking that vim, pluck, and poise of char-
acter which give force and direction to human
enterprise, and which are essential to the safety
and progress of popular institutions, then the
negroes are not the equals of white Americans,
and arc not entitled by any right, natural orac-
quired, to participato.in the G overnment of this
country.
The negro has no history of civ ili/.ation. From
the earliest ages of iccorded time he has ever
been a'savage or a slave, lie has populated with
teeming millions the vast extent of a continent,
but in no portion of it has he ever emerged from
barbarism, and in no age or country has he ever
established any other stable government than
a despotism. But he, is the most obedient and
happy of slaves. His true character is well
depicted in the late inaugural address of Gov-
ernor Walker, of Florida.
I do not wish to be understood as saying that
he should always be kept in slavery because he
was contented in that condition. 1 do not wish
it to be understood that, i do not rcjoice in his
freedom : but I speak of the contentment which
he manifested in that condition as one badge
of the inferiority of his race.
Governor Walker, in his inaugural address,
regarding the negroes uses the following lan-
guage:
"For generations past they have been our faith-
ful, contented, and happy staves. Theyhave been at-
tached to our persons and our fortunes, sharing with
us all our feelings—rejoieingwitfiusinoiirprosperity,
mourning with us in our adversity. If there wore ex-
ceptions to this general rule, they .were only individ-
ual exceptions. Every southern man who hears me
knows that what I say is literally true in regard to
the vast mass of our colored population. Xhc world
has never before seen such a body of slaves. For not
onlv in peace butin Avar they have been faithful to us.
"'During much of the time of the late unhappy diffi-
culties, Florida had a greater number of men in the
army, beyond her limits, than constituted her entire
voting population. Tlii^, of eouise, stripped many
districts of their entire arms-bearing inhabitants, and
left our females and infant children almost exclu-
sively to the protection of our slaves. They proved
true to their trust. Not one instance of insult, out-
rage, or indignity has ever come to my knowledge.
They remained at home and made provisions lor our
a) my. Many of them went with our sons to the army,
and there, too, proved their fidelity, attending them
when well, musing and earing lor them when sick and
wounded. We alt know that many of them were will-
ing, and some of them anxious, to take up arms in
oiir'cause. Although for several years within sound
of the guns of the vessels of the United States, for six
hundred miles along our sea-boaid, yet scarcely one
in a thousand voluntarilyleft our agricultural service
to take shelter and freedom under the flag of the
L'nion. It is not their fault that they are free—they
had nothing to do with it ■. that was brought about by
the results and operations of the war,"
What is here said by Governor Walker of the
character of the negroes in Florida may be said
