1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved- that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
american statu tapers.
"Mr. HAYES asked unanimous consent to
report, from the Committee on the Library, a
joint resolution (II. R. No. 112) to authorize
the distribution of a portion of the surplus
copies of the American State Papers in the
custody of the Secretary of the Interior.
The Clerk read as follows:
Joint resolution to authorize fcho distribution of a
portion of the surplus copios of the American State
Papers in the custody of tho Secretary of the inte-
rior.
"Whereas it appears from a report of tlio Secretary
of the Interior, dated January 25,1SG1, that there
remain undistributed at tho Intciior Department
upward of eight hundred copies each of tho Ameri-
can State Papers, second series, in seventeen vol-
umes; Therefore,
lie it resolved by the Senate and ITpusc of Represent-
atives of the United States of Amcrica in Canards as-
sembled, That the Secretary of tho Interior bo, and
he is hereby, directed to distribute, by mail orother-
wise, four hundred copies of each of the said volumes
iji tho manner following, to wit: to each member of
the Senate and IIoiho of liepresentat1 ves of the pros-
ent Congress, one copy; to such public and eollego
libraries as may bo designated by the Joint Com-
mittee on tho Library, one copy each.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. < I object.
Mr. ITAYES. I am anxious tho joint reso-
lution should pass before leaving tho city, and
I think if the gentleman will listen to a state-
ment ho will withdraw his objection.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am op-
posed to tho resolution in any shape. Wo have
no right to take tho books ol' the Government
without paying for them.
Mr. 11AYES. I move to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order.
lu5iiary of congress.
Mr. HAYES. I ask unanimous consent to
report the following joint resolution from the
Joint Committee on the Library:
Joint resolution extending the privileges of tho Li-
brary of Congress to certain officers of the United
States.
Resolved by the Senate and Home of Representatives
of the United States of A merica in Congress assembled,
That the privilege of using the books in theLibrary
of Congress shall be extended to the General-in-Chief
of the Army of tho United States; to tho Assistant
Secretaries and ehiefs of bureaus of each of the De-
partments; to tho Comptrollers and Auditors of tho
Treasury, and tho Treasurer of tho Unit ed Stal cs; to
the Superintendent of the Coast Suivey, tho Super-
intendent oftho Naval Observatory, IhciSursooii (Ion-
era! of tho Army, the Judge Advocate Genera.! of tho
Army, the Superintendent of tho Government Print-
ing Office, tho Commissioner of Public 13uildin<rs, and
the Postmaster, Scr£reant-at-Arins, and Doorkeeper
ofthc Senate and House of representatives, on the
same terms and conditions us prescribed by law lor
Sonators and Representatives.
Resolved, That no books shall bo taken by persons
privileged to use said Library outside of the limits
of tho District of Columbia.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object,
unless it is amended so as to let iu the whole
world.
Mr. ROSS. I want the soldiers' orphans
and widows included.
telhgkapii to the west indies.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back Senate bill No. 26, grant-
ing to the International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany the right and privilege to establish tele-
graphic communication between the citjr of New
York and tho West India islands, with amend-
ments.
First amendment:
Strike out after the words "at all times'' tho words
"during a state of war;" so it will read:
Sec. 1. And be it further enacted, That tho said In-
ternationa! Ocean Telegraph Company shall at all
times give tho United States the freo use of said cable
or cables, to a telegraphic operator of its own selec-
tion, to transmit any messages to and from its mili-
tary, naval, and diplomatic agents.
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
Insert after the word " agents" the following:
And tho said company shall keopjiU its lmos open
to tho public for the transimf^ioii. tor daily publica-
tion, of market and commorcial reports and intelli-
gence; and all messages, dispatches, and communica-
tions shall bo forwarded in the order in which they
shall be received; and the said company shall not bo
permitted to charge a.t)d collect for messagos trans-
mitted through any ofits submarine ca bles wore than
tho rate of 59 for messages of ten words.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT demanded tho previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
bv which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon tho
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
belief op akmy paymasters.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to report back, from the Committee on Military
Affairs, House bill No. 475, for the relief ol
paymasters of tho Army, with a substitute.
Mr. WARD. I object to its consideration
at this time.
The substitute was ordered to bo printed;
and the bill and substitute were then recom-
mitted.
kansas war claims.
On motion of Mr. SCHENCK, the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the farther consideration of Senate bill No.
259, to authorize tho Secretary of War to settle
the claims of the State of Kansas for the ser-
vices of the militia called out by the Governor
of that State on the requisition of Major Gen-
eral Curtis, commander of the United States
forces in that State ; and the same was referred
to the select committee on the war debts of
tho loyal States.
sale of land authorized.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill authorizing the sale of a piece
of land in tho city of Washington; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
sanitary condition of washington.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I should like to call
tho attention of the House to a subject that
was referred to tho Committee for the District
of Columbia some time since, respecting the
sanitary condition of this city. Tho committee
examined that question and reported a resolu-
tion for the adoption of the House, but its con-
sideration being objected to it was withdrawn,
and has never received the action of the House.
In view of the cholera having reached our
shores, and that this city presents a condition
inviting that epidemic, the committee have
thought it proper to ask a small appropriation,
which I hope will be considered this morning.
I ask that the resolution be read.
Tho joint resolution was read. It proposes
to appropriate §25,000, and places the same
under the control of the Commissioner of Pub-
lic Buildings to be expended by him, or so
much thereof as may be necessary, in such
work as may be required to put in proper con-
dition the avenues and public reservations
under bis control so as to prevent if possible
the appearance of the cholera or otherepidcmic
in the city of Washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to its being introduced and referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, where wo can consider it
Mr. INGERSOLL. The object is now to
take steps with as little delay as possible.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I suggest that
it be extended to the object of keeping the
Hall of the House healthy and comfortable.
I, myself, have been near perishing here for
want of a breath of fresh air ever since I have
been here. Daily I am reminded of' the "black
hole" of Calcutta. I am absolutely afraid of
perishing for want of air.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of_Illinois. Let it go
to the Committee of the Whole on the stale of
the Union, and I will examine it, and if there
is no reasonable objection we may take it up
and pass it.
Mr. TNGERSOLL. When can it come up
again if it goes to the Committee of the
\Vhole?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman can ask
unanimous consent on any day to discharge
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot press it now
without a suspension of tho rules. Will not
my colleague, [Mr. Wasuhurne,] examine it
himself?
The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman front
Illinois, [Mr. Inouusoll,] allow it to go to
the Committee of the Whole or withdraw it?-
Mr. INGERSOLL. Let it be referred.
Tho joint resolution was accordingly read a
first and second time, referred to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union,
and ordered to be printed.
adverse reports.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, by unanimous con-
sent, reported adversely on the following cases ;
which were laid on the table :
Petition of Henry Willard, wagon-master,
for compensation for services rendered.
Claim of L. D. Clemens.
Petition of William D. Wesson for pay, &c.
indian affairs.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, by unanimous consent reported
Senate bill No. 204, to provide for an annual
inspection in Indian affairs, and for other pur-
poses; which was ordered to bo printed, and
recommitted to the Committee on Indian Af-
fairs.
isabella strubing.
Mr. TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, by unanimous consentrcported
back a bill granting a pension to Mrs. Isabella
Strubing, widow of private Edmund Strubing,
deceased, of the forty-sixth regiment Pennsyl-
vania volunteers, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
The substitute grants a pension of eight dol-
lars per month from the 30th of May, 1864,
during her widowhood, and provides that upon
her death or marriage it shall go to her chil-
dren until thoy shall attain tho age of sixteen
years.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed;
and being engrossed, it was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. TAYLOR moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
court of claims.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous consent
to call up the motion to reconsider the vote by
which House bill No. 473, extending the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims, was recom-
mitted to the Committee on Military Affairs.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
bill bo reported.
Tho bill was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, l'or what
purpose is this bill before the House ?
The SPEAKER. On a motion to reconsider
the vote bv which it was referred.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. To what
committee was it sent?
The SPEAKER. The bill was reported by
the Committee on Military Affairs at the time
that committee was reporting, and recommit-
ted ; and a motion to reconsider was made with
the understanding that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Anuona] should call it up
afterwards. No objection being made, the
gentleman has called up the motion to lecon-
sidcr, and it is now before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of .Illinois. I hope
that motion will not bepressed this morning.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania proposes^ in case 01 xeconfaUi-
