2202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
©ration, to move to strike out the first section
of the bill, and to insert in lieu thereof the
following substitute:
That the Court of Claims shall have jurisdiction to
hear and determine the claim of any paymaster,
quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, or other
disbursing officer of the United States, or of his ad-
ministrators or executors, for relief from responsi-
bility on account of losses, by capture or otherwise,
while in the lino of his duty, of Government funds,
vouchors, records, and papers in his charge for which
he was and is held responsible.
Mr. ANCONA. I will only state that this
substitute is proposed with the concurrence of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and is merely
a change of phraseology, making the bill gen-
eral.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would inquire
whether this bill has been printed.
Mr. ANCONA. It has been on the files of
members for two or three weeks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Has the substitute
been printed?
Mr. ANCONA. It has not, but itisa change
merely of phraseology, and makes the act gen-
eral instead of confining it to particular eases.
There can be no possible objection to it. It
will relieve the Department from a groat deal
of trouble on acconnt of these claims.
I demand the previous question on the mo-
tion to reconsider.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The question was put, and there were—ayes
23, noes 30; no quorum voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ancona,
and Washwurnh of Illinois, were appointed.
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 24, noes 70.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
The question recurred on the demand for the
previous question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. W ASH BURN 13, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania will not press tho
consideration of this bill this morning. It is
certainly one which ought not to be passed
without full and free discussion. It lakes away
jurisdiction from the House in all matters of
claims of this particular kind, leaving it to the
Court of Claims*. Now, I think that is very
unsafe. I think the House ought not to part
with its jurisdiction over these matters. I hope
the gentleman will postpone this motion.
Mr. ANCONA. I see no reason for post-
poning it any longer. The bill was reported
unanimously by the Committee on Military
Affairs and has been on the files of members
for two or three weeks.
Mr. IUNGIIAM. Will the gontlcman let me
tiny a word?
Mr. ANCONA. I will withdraw the pre-
vious question for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say, in answer to the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Illinois, that tho substitute is but
verbal; that it does not change in any particu-
lar the substance of tho bill as originally re-
ported b", the committee and printed. This bill
[iocs not put it in the power of the Court of
Claims to take one dollar out of the Treasury
of the United States. It simply provides that
in all cases of alleged losses by paymasters,
quartermasters, or commissaries of subsistence,
which are usually passed upon in this House
upon ex parte evidence, the claimants shall
make their claims under tho sanctions of law,
under tho solemnity of oaths administered in
judicial proceedings, and in the presence of a
law officer of the United States; that they shall
not be allowed this relief unless the court, upon
a full hearing of the whole case, upon testimony
other than ex parte testimony,' shall come to the
conclusion that it is equitable to relieve the
officer from his liability; in which event the
bill provides that he shall simply have the credit
upon his accounts in settlement, but not to
draw any money from tho Treasury.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That is
the same in effect as drawing money "rom tho
Treasury.
Mr. BINGHAM. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It relieves
them from a liability to the Treasury.
Mr. BINGHAM. I do not want the House
to be misled by any such remarks. The same
thing is done in this House upon ex parte testi-
mony ; not testimony taken before a committee
authorized to examine witnesses in the prem-
ises, but testimony taken out of doors before
a notary public or a justice of the peace. I
have seen this thing; I have had some experi-
ence in it, and I undertake to say that the effect
of this bill is to protect your Treasury against
depletion to the extent of hundreds of thou-
sands of dollars annually.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How is it
to protect the Treasury when it affords the
means to these gentlemen of getting rid of
paying what is standing against them into the
Treasury ?
Mr. BINGHAM. The House is not to be
deluded by any such suggestion. I answer tho
gentleman by saying that time and time again
we have had bills passed through this House
relieving persons from liabilities which they
are under to the extent of thousands of dollars,
and that, too, when there was not a syllable of
legal evidence in tho case. Now, this bill pro-
vides that all this shall be done upon proper
evidence, before competent law officers.
Mr. GRIDER. It submits the justice of the
case to the court?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly it docs; and
the court is to pass upon the case ujion proper
evidence, and after being fully satisfied that
tho party asking relief is not in faijlt, that he
has done his whole duty, then thc|r decide that
in equity he is entitled to bo relieved from
liability.
Mr. GRIDER. And depositions in the case
can be read in the court ?
Mr. BINGHAM. Only upon notice, and in
the presence of the officer of the Government
charged with looking after the interests of the
Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am a great deal aston-
ished that opposition should be made to the
passage of a bill of this kind. It is not neces-
sary that I should add anything to what has
been said by my colleagues upon tho com-
mittee, [Messrs. Axooyi and Btxoiu.ir,] ex-
cept this : I wish to advise the House that
there have been referred to the Military Com-
mittee a great number of cases which would
have occupied pretty much all the time of the
committee if we were to give to each ease that
investigation which ought to be given to it
before arriving at something like a judicial
decision upon its merits. They are cases
where quartermasters, commissaries, and other
disbursing officers have lost their vouchers by
capture by the enemy, or otherwise, and they
arc therefore unable to have their accounts
presented, except upon other and secondary
evidence.
Now, all that this bill provides is, that instead
of each case being adjusted and settled in the
hurry of congressional business, by a commit-
tee of either House or Senate, and a special
enactment passed for tho purpose, there shall
be a general law referring to the Court of
Claims all cases of this character, authorizing
that court to report what are tho facts in each
ease, and whether credit should or should not
bo allowed to the disbursing officer. That is
the whole effect of this bill. We prefer a gen-
eral law because we believe that neither a com-
mittee of this House, nor the House itself,
could give a thorough investigation to each of
these cases so well as the court could do.
Mr. GRIDER. What is the lowest sum
which the court is to consider?
Mr. SCHENCK. There is no amount stated
in the bill.
Mr. DELANO. I was not in here when the
bill was read. I would ask if it i« proposed to
make the proceeding of the court final.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is an appeal allowed
to the Supreme Court.
Mr. DELANO. I would suggest the pro-
priety of providing that the decision cf the
court shall not be reviewed.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think perhaps this mat-
ter would be better understood by having the
bill and the proposed substitute for the first
section again read.
The bill and substitute were again read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In order
to remove any difficulty I would suggest to the
gentleman in charge of thisbill, [Mr. Ancona,]
to put in a proviso that an appeal shall he
allowed in all cases.
Mr. BINGHAM. In order to satisfy the
gentleman, although I think it is the law now,
I would suggest to my colleague on the com-
mittee [Mr. Axcoxa] to modify his substitute
by adding the following proviso:
Provided, An appeal may be taken to the Sapreme
Court as in other cases.
Mr. ANCONA. I will modify the proposed
substitute in accordance with the suggestion of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire if this is
confined to certain documents, such as bonds,
or does it embrace all the funds which may
have been lost?
Mr. BINGHAM. All that is lost without
fault.
Mr. STEVENS. Does it embrace money
which may have been lost?
Mr. BINGHAM. Certainly it does.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the bill
is as broad as that, then I think the House
certainly should never pass it.
Mr. ANCONA. I now demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered; and under the
operation thereof the vote recommitting the
bill to the Committee on Military Affairs was
reconsidered.
The question recurred upon the motion to
recommit the bill.
Mr. ANCONA. I call the previous question
on the motion to recommit.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question was ordered.
The question was taken; and the motion to
recommit was not agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I am instructed by the
Committeo on Military Affairs to move the
following as a substitute for the first section
of this bill:
That the Court of Claims shall have jurisdiction to
hear anil determine tho claim of any paymaster,
quartermaster, commissary of subsistence, or other
disbursing officer of the United States, or of his ad-
ministrators or executors, for relief from responsibil-
ity on account of losses by capturo, or otherwise, while
in the line of his duty, of Government funds, vouch-
ers, recoids, and papers in his charge, and for which
he was and is held responsible: Provided, An appeal
may be taken to the Supreme Court as in other cases.
The question was upon agreeing to the sub-
stitute for the first section.
Mr. ANCONA. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof tho substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill as amended; and being taken, there were,
upon a division—ayes sixty-six, noes not
counted.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider tho vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PAYMASTERS Off TIIB ARMY AGAIN.
Mr. SCHENCK. This morning I reported
back to this House, by instruction of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, House bill No. 475,
for the relief of paymasters of the Army, with
a substitute, and asked for its consideration
at that time. The gentleman from Now York
[Mi-.^Wabd] objected to its consideration then,
and it was recommitted. Having examined
the bill, he now withdraws his objection, I
understand.
