4122
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
It is for carrying oat s.nd completing the surveys in
this direction, that X ask for an appropriation of
$10,000, not doubting that those who hear me, as well
as all educated gentlemen throughout the country,
will regard this problem as Mr. Jefferson did, as a
vast desideratum for reasons political and. philo-
sophical.' "
Mr. SHERMAN callcd for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered.
Mr. SUMNER. I have not heard any
objection to this proposition, although the Sen-
ator from Ohio called for the yeas and nays.
Mr. SHERMAN. If the Senator is willing,
this session, to commence the construction of
a ship-canal across the Isthmus of Darien, I
think it is a question that he is sufficiently
intelligent to answer for himself. It is in for-
eign territory, and we are to commence it with-
out the aid and cooperation of any other coun-
try, when other countries arc interested in the
project as well as ourselves. If the survey is
made, I suppose it is for the purpose of indu-
cing the construction of a ship-canal by the
national Government or by some American
company. If the Senator is prepared to enter
upon it, be it so. I wish simply the instruction
of the Senate on the question.
Mr. D 0 OLITTLE. I do not know whether
that is a violation of our treaty stipulations
with Great Britain, but it looks somewhat in
that direction, if I understand it. We are under
treaty obligations with Great Britain not to
assume on the part of this Government to build
certain routes between the two oceans or en-
deavor to control them, and we are under obli-
gations with GreatBritain to guaranty the neu-
trality gf those routes. I do not know that I
have any special objection, as a matter of sci-
entific curiosity in the geography of the world,
to spend a small sum of money in ascertaining
the practicability of a route there, because it
may bo the basis, perhaps, of future negotia-
tions with England to join with us in building
a canal. But I will not occupy the time of
the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. There is no such question
involved as has been suggested by the honor-
able Senator from Wisconsin; but on the con-
trary,.the State Department has been already
in negotiation with the Colombian Govern-
ment to obtain, and have obtained, the privi-
lege of sending an armed party there to make
this survey, so that it is in accordance with the
obligations of the Government and with its
faith to foreign nations. A'survey has already
been made, demonstrating where the next is
to be made ; and the object is simply to de-
monstrate to the commercial world that this
great work is practicable, and to that end
&40.000 is asked that the work may be entered
upon at the proper season for that country,
which owing to its climate will be next De-
cember. It is not proposed, I will say to the
Senator from Ohio who has charge of the bill,
to commit the Government to the construction
of this_grcat work, but it is believed to be the
duty of a Government that has such great in-
terest in commerce as ours lias, to make this
demonstration when it can be done at so light
a cost.
Mr. SUMNER. I think that the Senator
from Wisconsin referred to what is known as
the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, but I think if he
will examine that carefully he will, see that it
is not applicable to this case. This is on the
Panama route; it is a different line from that
covered by that treaty. It is not embraced with-
in the terms of what is known as the Clayton-
Bulwer treaty.
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. SUMNER. It is therefore to be taken
separately by itself, on its own merits. I have
had the advantage of cursorily examining the
very able and interesting report made by Ad-
miral Davis on this line. It is very learned
and instructive, and develops the importance
of this line to the commercc of the United
States. I need not remind you that California
is necessarily interested in this line, because
this is the highway by which we reach that dis-
tant part of our own country: and I call the
attention of the Senator from Ohio to that pre-
cise point. This is to increase and extend the
facilities of communication with a part of our
own country. It is true that unhappily we are
obliged to go outside of ,our own borders in
order to do this work, but I do not know that it
becomes on that account any the less important.
If the Senate will reflect upon it a moment
they will see not only its practical value but
also its grandeur in a historical aspect. From
the time of Charles V one of the aspirations
of Spain, and indeed of all adventurers and
navigators in these seas, has been to find what
in that early time was called a gate through
which they could pass through that isthmus into
the other ocean. The proposition now is, not
to find, but to make a gate by which we can pass
from one ocean to the other.
I stated that it had a historic grandeur; it
also has a practical value from the relations
with the different parts of our own country.
But, sir, I am admonished by the pressure of
business that I ought not to occupy the time
of the Senate. I content myself,-therefore,
with one additional remark. The proposition
before you, as I understand, is simply to pro-
vide for the surveys. We do not venture beyond
that. There is no appropriation for the work.
We do not bind ourselves to the work. Here
is an appropriation for surveys which, whether
regarded in a practical or in a scientific or a
historic light, will be of very great value. I,
sir, shall gladly vote for it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 13 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Clark, Conncss, Doolittle, Fowler, Howard, MeDou-
gal), Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Poland, Ramsey, Itoss,
Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wade, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan. Fessenden, Grimes. Hen-
derson, IIowo, Lane, Morgan, Pomeroy, Riddle,
Sherman, Spra^ue, Trumbull, and Willey—13.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Brown, Cragin, Creswell, Da-
vis, Dixon, Edmunds, Foster, (luthrie, Harris, Hen-
dricks, Johnson, Kirkwood, Norton, Saulsbury, and
Wright—15.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Ioffertbefollowingamend-
ment, to bo inserted after line ninety-five, on
page 5:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to collect
reliable statistical information concerning the gold
and silver mines of the western States and Territo-
ries, which shall include tho labor and capital em-
ployed, the product and tho modes of working the
same, and which information shall be reported to
Congress at its next session, $15,000.
In this connection, I submit a letter from
the Secretary of the Treasury, which I ask to
have read to the Senate.
The Secretary read as follows:
Treasury Department, June 20,1866.
Sik: I have the honor, inreplytoyourletter of the
16th instant, relative to the want of reliable informa-
tion concerning the mineral resources of the Pacific
States and Territories and the importance of supply-
ing it, to say that this Department has long felt the
want to which you refer, and concurring in your views
as to tho necessity of collecting full and reliable sta-
tistics upon the subject, and as to the moans of effect-
ing this object. I shall most cheerfully, within my
appropriate sphere, cooperate with you in carrying
your suggestions into effect. To this end, I respect-
fully recommend the adoption of a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary ot the Treasury to appoint
a commissioner, and appropriating such sum as may
be necessary for compensation and necessary travel-
ing expenses, or the incorporation of a like provision
in one of the appropriation bills.
Very respectfully, H. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. Jons Coxness, United States Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should really like to
ask the Senator whether it is worth while to put
on all the loose legislation any geptleman may
desire, if we ever expect to get through with
the miscellaneous bill. It must be obvious that
we never can pass the bill if we f!ut on all these
things; we shall have a quarrel with the House
and lose the bill finally. I suppose it is in the
power of the Senate to put on anything they
please; _ but if we go on in this way and put on
everything that Senators fail to get in any other
shape standing by itself, there is no end, and we
cannot get through the bill at all. We have
now fixed a time for adjournment, and we may
go on day after day precisely in this way until
the budget of each Senator is exhausted. I
hope this course will not be persisted in.
Mr. CONNESS. This amendment has been
recommended with unanimity by the Commit-
tee on Mines and Mining. It is no new prop-
osition. I supposed that no Senator would
accept it more readily than the honorable Sen-
ator from Maine. I think that the Senator,
when occupying the high position of Secretary
of the Treasury, with so much distinction as he
did, must have felt the importance of the infor-
mation proposed to be collected. Indeed I
know he did, for I remember very distinctly
that in one of his annual reports (I have it not
before me now) he confessed that so far as the
mining interests, the productiveness, and the
management of the mines of the great West
were concerned, it was to the Department of
which he was the head the terra incognita of
the United States. He confessed that he did
not understand it or know anything about it;
and the present Secretary of the Treasury has
again and again felt the necessity and the value
of such information to that Department.
I cannot propose to occupy the time of the
Senate by showing that this proposition is just;
but it occurs to me that this ought not to be
looked upon as loose legislation, or a mere call
for the expenditure of money, but as a propo-
sition to, collect data of the most important
kind to the Government for its uses with refer-
ence to its policies, to its measures, to taxation,
to be intelligently applied. There are no sta-
tistics on this subject at the present time. It
is time to begin to collect them. Why, sir, in
the colony of Australia the British Government
have already a system the most exact and com-
prehensive for the collection of information
and statistics. I was very much surprised within
the last year to find the elaborateness and com-
pleteness with which the English Government
are proceeding there in this very direction.
Within the last few years, I wish to say to the
honorable Senator and the Senate, the Emperor
of France has sent a commission into the States
of California and Nevada, and kept them there
for nearly an entire year investigating this whole
subject, and the forthcoming report from that
commission I have no doubt will be one of
great interest and value. But in regard to our
own country we have not taken the first step;
we have not initiated the first proceeding to
collect a single fact.
Mr. President, during the present session
of Congress I was in receipt of a communica-
tion from the honorable Secretary of State,
Mr. Seward, inclosing a letter from a distin-
guished English gentleman about to publish a
book in the city of London in recard to the
resources of our country; 'not Sir Morton Peto,
I will say, but a very distinguished author. He
had written to the State Department to be sup-
plied with material which he could lay before
the European world concerning the resources
of the States and Territories lying west of the
Rocky mountains. The Secretary of State in-
closed the communication to myself and asked
me to supply him^with the information to fur-
nish to^ this author. Of course I was not in
possession of any. I referred him to the In-
terior Department; but I undertake to say, as
I suggested to him, that there was very little
there that was obtainable. This is an appro-
priation of a like amount with one that has
been made for years to continue investigations
from the Land Office, and which, at the sug-
gestion of the honorable Senator from Nevada
[Mr. Stewart] and myself, has been remitted
for the last two years because we believed,
nay, we, knew, there was no corresponding
benefit from the outlay; and when that appro-
priation was proposed we so advised the Senate,
and it has not recently been made. Now we
propose to resume the collection of exact in-
formation and data upon a subject I think of
such a degree of consequence that all will at
once admit it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am inclined to vote for
this amendment to the bill. I have felt myself
in great difficulty and doubt about the question
of these mines and what they are practically
worth, and would be very willing to have at
least one report on the subject, so that we may
