1242
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
theEnglfsh manufacturer became united in a com-
mon bond of interest, the whole giving their support
tokhe doctrine of free tiado.
^This activecommerce between the West and South
soon caused a rivalry in the East, that pushed for-
ward improvements by States or corporations, to gain
a share in tho western trade. These improvements,
as completed, gave to the \Vest a choice of markets,
so that its farmers could clect whether to feed the
slave who grows the cotton or the opeiativeswho are
engaged in its manufacture. But this rivalry did
more. Thccompetition for western products enhanced
their price and stimulated their more extended cul-
tivation. This required an enlargement of the mar-
kets, and the extension of siaveiy became essential
to western prosperity.
"We have not reached the end of the alliance be-
tween the western farmer andsouthern planter. The
emigration which has been filling Iowa and Minne-
sota, and is now rolling like a flood into Kansas and
Nebraska, is but a repetition of what has occurred in
the other western States and Territories. Agricul-
tural pursuits are highly remunerative; and tens of
thousands of men of moderate means or of no means
are cheered along to where none forbids them land to
till.
"For the last few yeais public improvements have
called for vastly more than the usual share of labor
and augmented tho consumption of provisions. The
foreign demand added to this has increased their price
beyond what the planter can afford to pay. For many
years free labor and slave labor maintained an even
race in their western progress. Of late the freemen
have begun to lag behind, while slavery has advanced
by several degrees of longitude. Fret) labor must bo
made to keep pace with it. There is an urgent neces-
sity for this. The demand for cotton is increasing in
a ratio greater than can be supplied by tho American
planters, unless by a corresponding increased produc-
tion. This increasing demand must bo met, or its
cultivation will bo facilitated elsewhere, and the mo-
nopoly of tho planter in the European maikets be
interrupted. This can only bo effected by concen-
trating tho greatest po&siblo number of slaves upon
tho cotton plantations. Hence they must besuppiied
with provisions.
"This is the present aspect of tho provision ques-
tion, os it regards slavery extension. Prices ore ap-
proximating the maximum point, beyond which our
provisions can bo led to slaves, unless there is a cor-
responding increase in tho prico of cotton. Such a
result was not anticipated by southern statesmen
when they had succeeded in overthrowing tho pro-
tective policy, destroying the TJnit'ed States Bunk, and
establishing the sub-Treasury system. And why has
this occurred? The mines ofCalifornia prevented both
tho freo-trado tariff (tho tariff of 1840, under which our
exports are now made, approximates tho froo-trade
principles very closely) and the sub-Treasury scheme
from exhausting tho country of tho precious metals,
extinguishing tho circulation of bank notes, and re-
ducing tho prices of agricultural products to the spe-
cie value. At tho dato of thepas^ago of the Nebraska
bill, tho multiplication of provisions by their more
extended cultivation was tho only measure left, that
could producoaroduotion of prices and meet the wants
of tho planters. Tho Canadian reciprocity treaty, since
secured, will bring the products of tho British North
American colonics, frooof duty, into competition with
those of the United States when prices with us rule
high, and tond to diminish thou* cost."
Mr. KKIjLKY. Mr. Chairman, as the bill
before the House has, in my judgment, all the
viocs of that treaty, I shall propose the following
as a substitute for it.
'J'ho Clerk read, as follows:
Strike out all after tho enacting clause and insert
as follows:
That from and after tho 17th of March, 1866, thero
shall bo levied, collected, and paid on all articles
imported from her Britannic Majesty's possessions
in •North America, that is to say, from Canada. New
. Nova Scotia, Newfoundland, 1'rinco
Kdwiird s Island, and tho several islands thereunto
adjacent, Hudson's Hay Territory, British Columbia,
and Vancouver's Island,-the samo duties and rates of
du+ies which are now imposed by law on like articles
imported from other foreign countries.
Mr. KKIjLEY. I am not prepared to say
that my substitute contains all the provisions
it should; that it may not be amended with
advantage; but T do say that it is infinitely
preferable, for every leading interest of the
country, to the bill now under consideration.
Why should we have a special tariff law for
the British Provinces? What have they done
to win our lovo ? Why should we sacrifice our
interests to protect or advance theirs?
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] said in the course of his remarks that
wc should not base our action on hatred or
fear. _ I do not propose to base any of my acts
in this House upon any of tho passions. I
mean to be governed by eool judgment.
But, sir, T remember when we were in a death
grapple with our insane brethren of the South,
the people of these Provinces smote us first on
one chock and then on the other; and I know,
sir, if we were prepared to forgive them seven
times seventy, their transgressions against us
had exceeded that number before they organ-
ized a raiding party and sent it into the gentle-
man's own State to rob the banks and mur-
der the citizens who attempted to defend them.
Backed as they are by the power of England,
they are our most dangerous enemies, because
they are^our nearest; and I do not find it laid
down even'in the Christian code of morals that
we shall injure ourselves and impoverish our
families and country to benefit those who would
have disseminated poison among us, who would
have burned our cities and towns, and who did
all that the devilish-ingenuity of the madmen
of the South could suggest to injure us and
destroy our country.
They are foreigners to our soil, and let us
regard them as we do the people of other coun-
tries, as friends in peace and enemies in war.
Let us legislate for them, as the substitute I
have submitted proposes to do, precisely as we
do for the rest of mankind. I can understand,
sir,_ in the light of the invaluable book from
which I have had an extract read, why every
provision of the so-called reciprocity treaty was
adverse to our country. Both parties to it
meant mischief to us. But I cannot understand
why a bill should be reported by the Commit-
tee of "Ways and Means which if adopted would
inevitably strike down several of the principal
or leading interests of our country. It might
well be entitled a bill to destroy the fisheries,
salt-works, and lumber trade of the country,
and to prevent, the working of bituminous coal-
beds east of tho summit of tho Alleghauics and
within the limits of the United States. Should
it, become a law it will ruin all those great
branches of industry.
_ The gentleman from Vermont, in introdu-
cing the bill, said with great plausibility—more
plausibility than candor, I am sorry to say:
"Coal is a raw material, and for every ton of iron
made at least three tons oi' bituminous or two of
anthracite coal are consumed. It is the motive power
of railroads and steamboats as well as of manufactu-
ring establishments. VVetaxiron and all other man-
ufactures When produced and sold, and we tax rail-
roads and steamboats on their business. Can wonot
afford to have our coal free? It is, too, an article of
universal consumption, required in our rigorous cli-
mate in largo quantities by those unable to clotho
themselves in heavy and abundant woolens or thick
and eu-Jtly lurs; by tho poor as well as the rich.
Thero are hardly more reasons for a tax on coal than
upon firewood. In addition to this, our own coal-
fields are unsurpassed iu extent and quality by any
in tho world.
" But our export to the Canadas of coal from Ohio,
Virginia, and Pennsylvania bids fair to equal in
amount all that wo bring from the Provinces; tho
value of our exports in 1881 being S55o,33li, and that
of our imports $883,805. So that under any circum-
stances hero is one article which approaches the idea
of reciprocity, and an interchange effccts economy
in long lines of freight, relieving ourselves as well as
others from positive loss."
Carlyle tells us that nothing lies like figures,
although the general proposition is that figures
never lie. I say, then, the statement made is
as plausibly delusive as a statement cacli of the
propositions of which is in itself true can be.
Sir, is chalk chce.se, or cheese chalk ? In
speaking about bituminous and anthracite coal
wc speak of two distinct articles, as unlike as
choose and chalk. This bill does not in any
way, or by any possibility, affect either advan-_
tagcously or disadvantageous^ the anthracite
coal trade and interests of tho country.
Canada must have our anthracite coal. She
has none of it, nor can she obtain it elsewhere.
Our Pennsylvania anthracite coal-fields arc a
God-given monopoly, as are tho long-staple
cotton-fields of the South. Our anthracite in-
terest asks no protection so far as Canada is
concerned. Were it constitutional to impose
an export duty you might put a light one on
anthracite coal, and the Canadas would still
buy it from us. The $555,832, worth of coal
exported under the treaty in 1864 was anthra-
cite, and in fact, therefore, has no part in a
discussion relating as this does to the bitumi-
nous coal interests of the country. The article
bears the name of coal, and there is no other
reason why it should bo named in connection
with this bill.
From what fields, and to tchat provincial
ports, have we exported bituminous coal from
Ohio? I ask the well-informed gentlemen
who compose tho Ohio delegation to tell me
if there be one line of steamers, or any other
kind of boats, employed in carrying Ohio coal
to the British Provinces. Why., sir, they could
not sell it at the wharf in any provincial town
for .its cost. Virginia coal go to the British
Provinces 1 It cannot, in the nature of things,
have gone there save as a curiosity for miner-
alogical cabinets. It never went there as an
article of commerce.
The gist of the gentleman's argument is that
we need cheap coal. Why, then, does he not
propose to take the duty of a dollar and a
quarter per ton off British coal, so that we may
have it still cheaper? Where is his logic?
Mr. MORRILL. Docs the gentleman desire
an answer?
Mr. KELLEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, in relation
to this subject of coal, I confess that I am not
clear that it is proper to protect it at all. I do
believe that it is one of those articles that can-
not bo increased by protection, and if it is so,
the whole foundation of the doctrine drops out,
in my judgment. I think, as I stated in the
extracts which the gentleman has just read, that
it is so nearly allied to firewood that it deserves
perhaps no protection.
And while I am up allow me to ask the gen-
tleman if he has any statistics to show that this
coal that goes to Canada is not bituminous coal.
Do they not use it there for the purpose of mak-
inggas? Or do they use anthracite coal through-
out the Provinces for making gas ? I ask for
information.
Mr. KELLEY. I will answer the question
of the gentleman. There may have some small
quantity of Ohio coal gone there for experiment
in gas making, or occasionally a vessel may
have carried it as ballast to some western town.
It is not a recognized article of commerce, and
there is neither an organized company for the
sale or carrying of bituminous coal from Ohio,
Virginia, or Pennsylvania, to the Canadas. I ad-
mit that there may be special cargoes shipped
for gas companies in some extreme western
parts of Canada, but that does not touch tho
argument. But while I admit the fact, for the
argument's sake, I must say that I do not believe
it, for I do not see how it can be true.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] says the quantity of coal cannot be in-
creased. Allow mo to say that I am speaking
for no Pennsylvania interest to-day. I am
speaking for poor, wasted, war-trampled Vir-
ginia, for Maryland, West Virginia, Kentucky,
Tennessee, and Missouri, for Georgia, and all
the southern States. They all need our foster-
ing care, and all have inexhaustible beds of
bituminous coal that ought to be productive.
I am not willing that the rebellious people of
the South shall become my political master or
equal in the councils of the nation until they
are politically regenerated. But I desire- to
develop their natural resources, to induce cap-
italists, laborers, and men of enterprise to go
and settle among them, and build up industrious
and peaceful Commonwealths in the hearts of
whose people loyalty to the Union shall dwell.
It is in these interests that I speak. The bitum-
inous coal interest of eastern Pennsylvania is
comparatively unimportant; but we have the
only paying bituminous coal company east of the
summit of the Alleghany mountains. Thirty-
odd millions of capital have already been in-
vested outside of my State in this branch of tho
coal trade. Thirty millions more have been
invested in railroads to convey the coal from
the mines to market, and though it is all unpro-
| ductive, or nearly so, the owners do not aban-
don it as lost.
They hope that, impelled by a sense of jus-
tice, or the pride of American citizenship,-Con-
gress will protect them against the assaults of
British capital and ill-paid labor. They have
waited in hope for the day when the infamous
treaty which blasted their prospects should bo
annulled and they be permitted to enjoy equal
chances with foreigners in our own markets.
Give them but an even chance, burdened as
they are by our war taxes, and all these dead
millions will become productive. I challenge
