1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
of the country from which you desire to expel
them.
The whole scheme of colonization is so far
beyond the present ability of the Government,
so destructive to the productive interest of the
country, so inhuman and unjust toward the peo-
ple whose unpaid labor has added so much to
the wealth and comfort"of the nation, and whose
valor and patriotism has helped to sustain it in
its late life-struggle,and so impracticable and im-
possible, even if it was right, that its advocates
can scarcely expect to be credited with sense
and sincerity at the same time. The thought-
less may be sincere, but the knowing ones can
only design to distract the attention of the peo-
ple from the consideration of other propositions
and necessities. And if colonization were prac-
ticable what would become of the old theory
urged by pro-slavery divines and politiciansfwho
are for the most part the present advocates of
colonization, that white men could not labor in
the warm latitudes of the South ? Do they pro-
pose now, in sending off the only possible labor-
ers there, according to their theory, to abandon
the culture of the South altogether ? or do they
confess they were only trying to cheat the people
into the support of a cruel institution by false
logic then, as they are trying to delude them
with false theories now? If you mean to try
colonization why not begin it at once? The
longer you delay the more numerous will be
these people and the more determined to stay.
Bring in your bill and let us see the details.
How many billions of new bonds must be put
upon the market, how large an army will bo
asked, how many ships will be needed, and how
many years will it take to efteetthe expulsion?
What, in the meanwhile, is the world to do for
cotton? What shall be done with the unwil-
ling and the fugitives? Will 3-011 hunt them
with bloodhounds, or procure the services of
Buchanan's old marshals? Give us at once
your bill of particulars.
If colonization is found impracticable, will you
try to reenslave them? I suppose not. The
blacks are now too intelligent, too self-reliant,
and too spirited to submit again to the oppress-
or. It is feared by some that the northern
wing of the Democratic party will again yield
its neck, not yet quite free from the old callous,
to the yoke of the southern master ; but the
negro never will. Besides, the great Republi-
can party, strong in numbers but stronger in
its convictions of right, will always stand be-
tween the weak and oppression. I know it is
said that that party may become powerless
by the defection of the President. It is alleged
by the Opposition, and feared even by some of
our friends, that when the grim leaders of the
rebellion shall reembrace their old party allies,
a President placed in power by Republican
trust and Republican votes, forgetful of an ex-
ample that consigned two Presidents to private
life and public infamy, will be present to cele-
brate the reunion of these pardoned principals
in crime with suspceted accessories before the
fact. I do not speculate as to what the Presi-
dent may do. You never know what a single
man, suddenly elevated to power, may do.
" Put not your trust in princes'' is a warning
that will apply to all men in power. I never
could "guess the secret motives that induced
Tyler and Fillmore to betray the Whigs. I have
often heard that a person who stands on the
brink of Niagara, or climbs to the top of a lofty
tower, feels an almost irresistible impulse to
jump oft*. It may be some such unnatural sen-
sation that prompted these two gentlemen to
leap from their high eminence into the terrible
obscurity below. I cannot believe that Mr.
Johnson will follow these unseductive exam-
ples. But if he should, he alone will be
broken. The tower will stand, but his crippled
limbs can never again ascend it. The ranks of
the Republican army would not even waver.
Its contractors and sutlers would fly, to bo sure ;
but without the loss of a man or a gun, it would
still stand, the friend of the oppressed and the
terror of the oppressor. Whatever individuals
may do, be assured the Republican party will
adhere to its principles, and in its principles
will certainly triumph. The Whig party could
hardly be said ever to have been in a settled
majority of the people, and yet it stood the be-
trayal of two of its Presidents, and only broke
down when it surrendered to the slave power
in the Baltimore convention of 1852. . •
1 conclude, therefore, that colonization and
reenslavement are both impossible. "Then ex-
termination awaits them," so we are told.
The census, however, tells a different story.
These tables show that the black population
multiply quite as fast as the white. It is the
large additions ofthe white elementfrom abroad
that gives that race an apparent advantage. I
know that these people are poor. For long,
dark years their industry has gone to swell the
overgrown estates of their present persecutors.
But they have been accustomed to a life of
deprivation. Their wants are few; and in a
country where labor is high and land and food
are cheap they cannot, waste away. I know it
is thought that this rapid increase is due to the
mercenary care of the master. The more chil-
dren he could raise for the market the greater
his estate. This is true only of a few of the
more northern States. Breeding was not en-
couraged in the planting States further south.
The overseer's task was inconsistent with the
duties of maternity. The services of the mother
were worth more than her offspring. The life
of the slave was graduated by the price of
cotton, and, as a general rule, it would pay to
use him up in seven years. And whatever
would pay in that country was practiced. Hu-
manity was no restraint, for making a man into
a brute makes the maker brutal. During the
transition from bondage to freedom, in the
midst of civil war and bitter persecution, their
numbers may possibly diminish for a short
time; but the expectation that, they will be-
come extinct has no foundation either in the
history or characteristics ofthe race.
In endeavoring to look fairly at this ques-
tion, I have found 110 evidence upon which to
rest the belief that this race is ever to be col-
onized. reenslaved, or exterminated. I come
back, then, to the question with wliichl began,
what shall be done with them ?
" Let them alone." That is the answer erven
by a member of the Now York Legislature when
it was proposed to send surgeons to vaccinate
the Indians who were dying of small-pox on
the Reserve. "They are a drunken, vagrant,
thieving race," said lie; "let them alone. The
sooner they are gone the better for the coun-
try." "W'e cannot afiord to let them alone,"
said the member in reply; "they spread the
infection through the whole surrounding coun-
try, and we have only the choice to administer
relief or sutler and die with them." Neither
can we afford to let (i\e millions of population,
who are forever to remain in our niid.st, inci eas-
ing as we increase, sink down into hopeless
ignorance, degradation, and vice. If we do,
our own race will certainly grade down to them.
The more we degrade these people the lower
we sink ourselves. The ignorant white people
have been made to believe that the elevation of
the negro is equivalent to their debasement.
The reverse is true. 'The more we improve this
unfortunate race, the higher wo raise our own.
Human influence is not confined bv a sharp em-
bankment of rank or condition. It- overflows
to adjacent ranks, corrupting or purifying their,
as it is itself corrupt or pure. AH classes in
society are elevated where there is 110 degiailed
class." It is the intend, therefore, of every
white man that these people 'hould be educated
in morals, skill, industry, and letters. Every
dollar expended for this purpose vs ill econo-
mize losses by unskilled labor, bv ;iois, theft,
and poor rates more than tenfold. T am not
now advocating the cause of this race, however
meritorious it maybe. 1 do not base the neces-
sity of their improvement upon aiiy claim of
their own. It does not at all impair my argu-
ment to concede the truth of all the charges
preferred against them, even by their most un-
scrupulous accusers. Suppose that their minds
are as weak, and their proclivities to vagrancy
and vice as strong, as the life-long despoilers
of their earnings allege, (admitting at the same
time my premises that they cannot" be sent
abroad, nor reenslaved nor exterminated' at
home,) it only makes the necessity founded in
self-interest the more imperative upon us in
every possible way to encourage their improve-
ment.
I submit to the House that the cheapest ele-
vator and best moralizer for an oppressed and
degraded class is to inspire them with self-
respect, with belief in the possibility of tBeir
elevation. Bestow the elective franchise upon
the colored population of this District, and you
awaken the hope and ambition of the whole
race throughout the country. Hitherto pun-
ishment has been the only incentive to sobriety
and industry furnished these people by Amer-
ican law. They were kept loo low to feel dis-
grace, and reward was inconsistent with the
theory of " service owed." Let us try now
the pnrsuasivo power of wages and protection.
If colored suffrage is still considered an exper-
iment,' this District is a good place in whien to -
try it. The same objections do not exist here
that are urged 011 behalf of some of the States.
No constitutional question intervenes. Here,
at least, Congress is supreme. The law can be
passed, and if it is found to be bad a majority
can repeal it. The colored race is too small in
numbers here to endanger the supremacy of
the white people, but large and loyal enough to
counteract to some extent disloyal proclivities.
Why, then, should they not vote ?
Because, say the Opposition, that is negro
equality! Equality in what? In mind, stature,
education, morals, or wealth? If these much-
coveted qualities can be so easily bestowed^ is
any man mean enough to withhold them ? Ihe
objection is contradictory. First, he shall not
vote because ho is the white man's inferior;
and second, because it will make liira an equal.
Do you mean by equality personal friendship
and social intercourse? Why, sir. if there is
anything free in this country, or in any coun-
try, it is the right of each man to select his own
associates. Companionship is free now. and
will be then. It is your constitutional right to
associate «ith men of color now, if you are so
inclined, while you are not forced to associate
with nor even speak to a white voter now, nor
will you be with a black voter in the future.
On the other hand, it is the constitutional right
of the colored man to shun you now, and bis
right would neither be enlarged nor diminished
by his enfranchisement. The equality so much
dreaded and so fiercely denounced must mean,
if it means anything, that a colored man's vote
will count one toward the election of mayor and
councils for Washington city, and a vvhiteman's
\ oie ft ill count one also, and 110 more. That
is all. And why should they not be so counted?
What do the mayor and councils have to do
that none but the aristocracy can judge of their
fitness? Simply to mend the roads, look after
the poor, and take care of the schools. Cer-
tainly these are subjects of deep interest, to men
of color as well as white men, and not above
the capacity of the lowest. Colored men do the
work on the streets ; they ought to understand
what repairs are needed as well as how to make
them. You say they arc poor; they ought to
know the poor man's wants, i on say they are
ignorant; then give them a chance to vote
aaamst a mavor who loads them with school
tax and deprives them of schools. In this Dis-
trict 110 vole is cast i'or President, uiembei of
Congress, judge of the courts, nor any officer
except the administrators of loeal^ affairs, iu
whicii all citizens, however ignorant in national
mai tors, arc necessarily well informed. This
action is not altogether an experiment. In
Boston the colored people vote, and it is the
best-governed city in the United States. But
if it is to bo considered an experiment alto-
gether, then, as I said before, iheve is no bet-
ter place in the whole country in which to try
it than the District of Columbia.
Again, it is said it will lead to amalgamation.
This cry has been too ( ft en raised to alarm even
the most ignorant. AVhen the Democratic party
endeavored to establish slavery in the territory
