2204
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
are made to subsist, even when they toil most
assiduously, upon a modicum of the elements
of life, upon a minimum of the amount that
will keep the soul in a tolerably sound body.
Escaping from this subjection they are borne io
our shores by tens and hundreds of thousands
each year. They are strangers in a strange
land, many of them unacquainted with our
language and our habits, and are unconsciously
and unwillingly the means of depressing wages.
But if we give to the company the means to
inaugurate work on this road we will not only
relieve the laboring masses of our crowded east-
ern cities, but furnish employment for more
than the annual influx of those whom we gladly
welcome, because they strengthen and cnrieh
■us by their toil. Could wo drain Europe of
its surplus laborers we would raise her wagos
as she now too often depresses ours.
What will be the true policy of the builders
of this road? Will it not be to employ as labor-
ers the heads of families, and to pay them with
land and money, and settle the families along
the line of tho road, so that the laborer of one
year will in the next farm his land and supply
fresh laborers with bread ? Thus will ho who
enters into an engagement with the company a
pauper, or little better, find himself at tho end
of a year or two an independent farmer upon
the world's great commercial highway. The
managers of the road must pursue this policy,
and will thus create business for and guard
their road; thus, too, they will quicken tho
mineral and agricultural resources of the coun-
try, and give to tho tax collector, whether at a
port of entry or in the service of the internal
revenue department, more money each year
than this bill is likely to cause to bo taken lrom
the Treasury.
1 ask gentlemen, in considering this subject,
to rise to its dignity and grandeur. Sir, 1 am
a devotee to freedom, but would make every
country in tho world tributary to my own. I
delight in every manifestation of my country's
power. 1 swell with pride as I contemplateits
gigantic proportions and seehowrapidly its peo-
ple subdue the wilderness, and would, as I have
said, make every nation tribulary to ils power
and grandeur; but I would do it, not by op-
pressing any people, notby war with any Gov-
ernment, but by improving the condition of the
masses of my countrymen and those who may
become such, and showing the rulers and the
people of the world how speedily free institu-
tions exalt the poor and the oppressed of all
Tuitions into free, sell-sustaining, and self-gov-
erning citizens. It is in our power to do this,
and by no other means can we do it so well
or quickly as by passing this supplement and
vivifying tho charter granted to the Northern
Pacific Itailroad Company. And, sir, it was
not without some indignation that I heard
the words "swindle" and "public plunder"
echoed and reechoed through this Hall yester-
day from the lips of honorable gentlemen, no
one of whom had any knowledge of facts which
justified the use of such language.
Sir, one of Shakspeare's characters says, on a
certain occasion :
" My lady doth protest too much."
And I was a little struck yesterday with the
constant protestations of honesty and virtuous
indignation that accompanied those denunci-
ations.
Sir, I do not know tho gentlemen who arc
named in or hold tho charter. I believe [ have
been introduced in the street cars to some of
them, but 1 know this: that gentlemen whose
word I would take, from Vermont and Massa-
chusetts and Maine, and from other States,
rise and tell me that they know them, and that
they are among the honored men in the com-
munities which they represent. And I have
looked in vain through the provisions of this
bill to find that which should induce mem-
bers to denounce such gentlemen as swin-
dlers and public plunderers, and men who are
desirous " of getting their arms into tho Treas-
ury up to the elbow.'' I find no provision that
justifies any such remarks ; and it was in this
connection that I asked yesterday whether it
was possible to exclude the lobby of the Cen-
tral and Union Pacific railroad from the floor
of the House. I did not know that it had been
here, but I knew that there was not that in the
provisions of the bill which could animate gen-
tlemen to make such assaults upon men whose
characters were indorsed as were those of the
gentlemen who were so spoken of yesterday.
Now, sir, what does this bill propose to do ?
The land was granted by the original act.
What is the value of that land—not its pros-
pective value, but its present market value?
There was a dispute yesterday between a gen-
tleman from Iowa and a gentleman from Ohio
as to whether the representations of its value
made in one of the company's pamphlets were
accurate. Sir, its value to-day as a market-
able commodity is zero. It is not regarded as
marketable by tho Government. It has no
market value. What will be its value five years
hence? Who can say? I submit to gentlemen
that this depends upon whether there be made
into and through it an avenue or avenues by
which commerce may be conducted and settle-
ment made possible. Make two or throe sec-
tions of railroad; settle the families of tho
laborers along its route, with the school-house,
the newspaper office, and the church in their
midst, and the sections of land will be among
those that will yield the heaviest taxation;
their gold and silver—for tho country abounds
in gold and silver—will flow into and replenish
your exhausted Treasury. But let it remain a
wilderness, as it is now, and when we shall
have ceased to liveitwill still bo untaxed—an
unproductive wilderness without an apprecia-
ble market value. Therefore there might well
bo an honest misunderstanding or misappre-
hension as to its value, to be settled by the time
and circumstances of the valuation.
Mr. Speaker, 1 again assert that I have been
unable to detect any provision in this bill which
looks like swindling. What are wo asked to
do? Why, when tho stockholders shall have
built twenty-five miles of road, we are to guar-
anty for not more than twenty years six per
cent, interest upon a fixed amount of stock per
mile. And what is tho offset to that liability?
Why, sir, all the money received by the com-
pany from the sale of lands on tho southern
side of tho road is to bo paid into tho Treasury
of the United States, to meet or partially meet
that liability; and when fifty miles or more of
tho road shall have been completed, this pro-
cess is to be repeated; and so, by sections of
twenty-five miles, till the road shall be com-
pleted. _ This is tho whole story.
Yet it has been said that we are asked
to guaranty tho interest of $57,000,000 for
twenty years. This cannot be possible. Some
of the land will bo sold before the road will
be completed. But, sir, less than twenty
years, perhaps in half that time, there is to
be another relief for the Government. From
the completion of the road twenty-five per
cent, of ita gross earnings are to bo paid into
the Treasury of the United Slates, together
with all the proceeds of the sale of the land
along tho south side of the road for eighteen
hundred miles. It is impossible that we can
ever bo called upon to pay for a single year
the interest on ¥57,000,000 or anything like
that amount. Tho probabilities are that we
may continue to pay something each year
until the road shall reach the waters of the
Missouri. I doubt whether we will ever be
called on for a dollar of interest after that
time ; but if we shall, it will only bo till the
road shall have connccted the commerce of the
waters of the Missouri with that of those of
the Columbia, pouring their way down to the
Pacific. After that, if the laws of population
hold with us as they have done, the Govern-
ment cannot possibly be called on for a
dollar.
Had any other civilized nation such an em-
pire, opening to its people such resources, mar-
itime^ mineral, agricultural, and bucolic, would
it hesitate to embark a few million dollars to
develop and populate it? Would it shrink
from so strengthening its commerce by an
annual contribution that would not be felt in
the payments of the country or observed in
announcing the total of its receipts and pay-
ments? No, sir; there is no Government that
would hesitate in such a case; and I do not
believe that the American Congress will fall
so far short of its duty, will hold the copper
cent so close to its eye, as to be unable to see
the golden placer beyond, or will sanction the
absurd policy of refusing to make a small
annual outlay, for a brief term of years, for the
development of resources the future value of
which cannot be calculated.
Sir, great railroads have never been built
by the capital of the stockholders. They are
always built by borrowing, or if built by cap-
ital paid in, special laws permit dividends to
bo paid from the capital and charged to the con-
struction account. Mortgages are often issued
upon the franchise and survey; and the first
grading is often done by means of a loan. In
this connection I ask tho Clerk to read a few
paragraphs from the admirable letter of Quar-
termaster General Meigs. They are full of
sound sense and the lessons of experience in
the railroad development of this and other
countries.
The Clerk read as follows:
"But the great reservoir from which man and all
"his necessary supplies are drawn is yet, and for years
to come must be, the Mississippi valley and the Atlan-
tic coast. The Territories of tho Paeifio coast arc to
be filled by emigration; they have, as yet, no great
manufactories and no redundant population. The
route neededfor the opening and improvement of the
country is the route from tho East.
"Tho grants of land made by Congress for this ob-
ject are liberal and are sufficient in time, probably,
to construct the road. Hut men die; nations live;
men cannot take their capital, the accumulated fruit
of years of industry, and devote it to the construction
of a great public improvement, and wait for years for
the returns. They prefer enjoyingthe prescntuse of
their fortunes to investing their means in enterprises
which will make large returns only after their death.
" Tho nation is lasting. The opening of every new
route, the inclosure ana cultivation of every acre of
wild land, contribute immediately to tho revenue and
rcsoiuccs of the nation: and no means of improving
tho great national domain, of increasing by its prod-
ucts tho national revenue and prosperity, can com-
pare in cheapness and efficacy with the opening of
rapid communication by railway with these distant,
healthful, and productive regions.
" The country is one fitted to be the home of a hardy
race, one in which tho principles of liberty and the
spirit of enterpriso and industry will live and bear
their natural fruits." * * * * *
"A guarantee of a fixed rate of interest upon tho
cost of construction, to be repaid in a term of years,
is a mode of assistance to their great enterprises,
now common in the highly developed and heavily
taxed countries of Europe. If those Governments,
burdened with the immense annual expenditure of
standing armies, almost as large in time of peace as
wo havo been compelled to support in time of war,
find it in tho interest of their revenues thus to aid
free travel and transport through countries already
provided with navigable rivers and excellent wagon
roads, we may confidently assume that our country
will find ample reward for any such expenditure in
opening up a highway for fraternal intercourse be-
tween our older communities on the Atlantic and
the rising settlements on the Pacific —a highway,
too, to which the inevitable laws of commercc will
attract the trade of the East—tho trade of China,
Japan, and India—a trade along whose slow and
painful track, when it was conducted by beasts of
burden, and by oars and sails, instead of by the iron
horse and the ocean steamship, great cit io£ sprung
up in the desert sands of Asia and on the coasts of the
Mediterranean. Babylon, Nineveh, I'almyra, Bag-
dad, Damascus, Constantinople, Alexandria, Rome.
Venice, Genoa, and London, aro the outgrowths of
this trade in former centuries."
Mr. KELLE Y. Mr. Speaker, what all other
nations have done, and what they are doing,
we are asked to do, except that they sometimes
assumes positive and enduring liability, while
there will be no ultimate liability here. The
immense grant of land, with high market values
imparted to it by the completion of the rail-
road, will indemnify us against loss by our guar-
antee ; for is thero any gentleman here who
doubts that this magnificent grant of land,
made available to emigrants from the East and
Europe, will be adequate security for the loan
of an annual amount of interest, limited as it
is in this bill? To doubt that it will be ample
is to deny value to the richest portion of our
country, or that increased wealth will follow
enterprise and industry bestowed on raw ma-
terial.
Sir, it is said that this measure will, if not
bankrupt the country, at least impair its credit.
