mm
SI® CONG-RESSIOF.iL
June. 14,
-bureau asks Congress ..to enable him to giye
satisfaction to those men. It is only a meas-
ure of public justice, And the bill should pass.
Mr. THAi Eli. -1 would ask the gentleman
from Rhode Island what amount of money will
be expended in this way.
Mr. JENCKES- This comes from.the Pat-
ent Office fund and not.from the Treasury; it
comes from the fees that are .paid to the Pat-
ent Office.
■Mr. THAYER. How-much will probably
bo expended ?
Mr. JENCKES. ,1 am notable to state the
precise amount.; it will be no great sum. .1
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I understand this pay
goes back (o 18(51.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir; but a previous'
law covered the period up to 1861, and this is;
for the period since.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I object .to the gen-!
-tleman getting a bankrupt law through this!
.House, and then introducing bills which will •
bankrupt the Government. [Laughter.] i
Mr. JENCKES. This proposes onlytopay;
wages for fair days' work. These gentlemen
have earned their pay and ought to have it.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I ask for the read-!
ing of the bill. It goes back to 1801.
The bill was read.
Mr. JENCKES. Tn answer to the gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. WuN'rwoittii] I will'
state that application was made for this pay at
the earliest time it could be done, and during
the last Congress a bill passed the Senate and
was lost in the House.
I demand the previous question on the pas-
sage of the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I do not think the
House understand it; the bill proposes to pay
back salaries.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to ask whether these
parties whom it is now proposed to pay under
this bill have not been employod .before 1861,
and have not since that time received compen-
sation.
Mr. JENCKES. They have received com-
pensation only for the subordinate grades since
1801. Down to 1801 they were paid for all the
extra duty they performed. This bill pro-
poses to pay them for that extra service since
1801.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Docs the gen-
tleman say that these gentlemen did not get the
pay to which they wore entitled by Jaw?
Mr. JENCKES. No, sir; I mean to say
just the opposite.
Mr. HARDING; of Illinois. That is, they
have received their full pay for the office ■to
which they have been appointed.
Mr. JENCKES. Yes, sir; but they have
been required to perform duties of another
grade, for which they have not been paid.
Mr. WE NT WORTH. The question is,
whether these men who have been receiving
fixed salaries shall be paid for what they have
done out of office.
Mr. JENCKES. It makes no difference
whether they were in or out of office.
The main question was ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I demand the yeas
and nays ou the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the passage of
the bill, it was decided in the affirmative—yeas
67, nays 41, not voting 75 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Aneona, Barker, Baxter,
Beaman, Bidwcll, Bingham, Boutwell, Boycr, Cof-
froth, Cttllom, Darling, Denison, Dodge, .Donnelly,
Eggleston, Eliot, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner, Gli-
der, Grinnell, Hale, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Iligby,
Holmes, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester 15. Hubbard,
John II. Hubbard, Edwin JST. Hubbell, Jencltes, Ju-
Jjan, Kelley, Kelso, Kerr. Laflin, Latham, Lynch,
JleRuer, Mcrcur, Miller, JMoorhead, Myers. Newell,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Plants, Pomcroy, Price, William
H. Randall, Raymond, John H. Rice, Sawyer, Sit-
■-greaves, Sloan, Spalding, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
John L. Thomas, Van Aornarn, Ward,Welk<?r, Wha-
lcy, Wmdom, and Win field—07.
NAYS—Messrs. Alloy, Ames, Dclos R. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, fienoannn, Bergen. Cobb, Cook,
Davis, Dawes,Dcfrees, Foiry, Aaron [larding, Abner
0. Harding, Jan;cs M. Humphrey, Kctcham, Kny-
kendali, Loan,'"Lon;f,vear,'M6Clur<?, MeKec, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Orth, Paine, Porham, Pike, RHtcr,
Ross, Scbenck, Stevons, Tabcr, Thornton, Trimble,
Trowbridge, Upson, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn,. and Wentvvorth—41.
NOT VOTINO—'Mosses. Anderson, Jamos'M. -Ash-
ley, Banks, Blaine, Blow, Brandegec, Bromwell,
Bro.omall. Bucklaud, Bundy, Clianler, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, CuLver, Dawson,
•Delano, iDoming, Dixon. Driggs, Dumont, Ecklcy.
Eldridge, Farnsworth, Favquhnr, Goodyear, Gris-
wold, Hcnder&on, Hill, Hogan,.Hooper, llotchkiss,
Donas Hubbard, James It. Hubbell, Hulburd, James
Humphrey,] ngersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson.Gcorpre
V. Lawrence,William Lawrcnce, Le Bloiul, Marshall,
Marston, Marvin, McCullough, Mclndoe, Niblaek,
Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Radtord. Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Alexander II. Itiec, Rogers, Rollins, Rousseau,
Scolicld, Shanklin, Shellubaigcr, Smith, Starr, Stil-
well, Strouse, Taylor, Burt Van Horn, Robert T.
Van Horn, Warner, Klilm B. Washburnc, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge,
and Wright—75.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon'the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 184) relative to appoint-
ments to the Military Academy of the United
States; when the Speaker signed the same.
credentials north carolina.
Mr. whatjey, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the credentials, of Lewis.Hanes, claim-
ing to be a Representative from the fifth con-
gressional district of North Carolina.
The SPEAKER, The credentials will be
referred, underthe concurrent resolution, to the
joint committee on reconstruction. .
Mr. ELDRIDGE. _ I make the point of
order that the committee has made its final
report, and that no business can be referred to
it now.
The SPEAKER. A variety of credentials
have been referred to the committee on which
they have not yet reported.
Mr. GARFIELD. I demand the regular
order of business.
ASSAY OlfFICES.
The House resumed, as the regular order of
business, the consideration of bill of the House
No. 674, to establish additional offices for the
assay of gold and silver, and for other pur-
poses, reported yesterday from the Committee
on Appropriations, on which the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. allison] was entitled to the
floor.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the gentleman to
yield to mo to allow me to oiler an amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. I'offer the following
amendment:
Strike out all in the body of tho bill relating to the
State of Oregon, and add tho following as an addi-
tional section to tho bill:
And be it further cnacted. That section ono of an
act entitled " An act to establish a branch mint of
tho XJnitcd States at Dalles City, in the State of Ore-
gon," approved July 4, 1864, be, and the same is
hereby, so_ amended as to locate and establish said
branch mint at the city of Portland, in the State of
Oregon, instead of at Dalles City, and that tho ap-
propriation tor tho erection of the necessary build-
ings, fixture5:, <fec., for said branch mint be, and the
same is hereby, continued, and shall be applicable to
the purposes and provisions of this act.
Mr. ALLISON. I will now yield for five
minutes to the gentlemen from Vermont, [Mr.
morrill. ]
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, I should not
have desired, perhaps, to speak on this ques-
tion at all but for the allusion of the gentle-
man from Oregon [Mr. henderson] to the
Committee of Ways and Moans, and I beg to
assure the gentleman that his presence before
the Committee of Ways and Means produced
far more effect than his argument, for the
committee I know feel very kindly disposed
toward the gentleman from Oregon.
Mr. Speaker, tho object of the Committee
of Ways and Means is to establish a policy in
relation to these mints, and the policy beliored
by them to be most proper is to have one mint
on .the Pacific coast and one upon tho Atlantic
coast. More than those we do not believe to
be wise or Sound economy to establish. If the
State of Oregon can claim a mint so may every
other Territory • and every other State where
-they produce gold or .silver. My.own State
would be. exceedingly .gratified, to have a mint,
for we produce some gold, even in Vermont,
not in as large quantities as they do in. Oregon,
but still the further fact exists in.relation to
Vermont that our produce of gold is increas-
ing while that of Oregon,.I believe, is decreas-
ing. The amount produced in Oregon is cer-
tainly less than that produced in other States
or Territories which are yet without mints.
Other nations, I believe, usually have but one
mint. Instead of increasing the number v/e
now have, I think it might be better.to change
some we have into assay offices, which, except
for the purposes of annual local expenditure,
answer oil the practical wants of the people
actually engaged in mining.
If we are to establish a mint wherever the
people want one, and because they know they
want one, we shall have to revise the internal
revenue bill for the purpose of providing a
more ample amount of revenue to cover the
expense.
Mr. Speaker, tho difficulty of having half a
dozen different mints that will present a coinage
of identically the same value is obviously very
great. The risk in relation to obtaining com-
petent officers, and skilled workmen and of
guarding against fraud is also very great. Coin
is now like bullion, merely an article of mer-
chandise. It is not used even by the miners
as money, but it is sold for the most it will
bring. It is immediately shipped away, and
it may as well be shipped away in bullion as
in coin. It is a waste of labor, time, and
expense to coin it. The miners cannot hoid
it, and do not' want to hold it. Neither can
our country hold it. When it reaches New
York it will at once start on its journey to
Europe. Itisoneof our largest articles among
exports.
1 trust the House will come to the conclusion
that it is just and right not to involve the coun-
try in a policy that shall demand the establish-
ment of a mint in every State or Territory
where,gold or silver may be produced ; and if
wo are to have a. national policy for the accom-
modation of the whole country, and not one
merely for the dispensation of local patronage
wherever it may be zealously sought after, we
shall reject the amendment of the gentleman
from Oregon, (and on his account I regret to
urge this,) and then accept the bill as reported
by the gentleman from Iowa from the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
Mr. ALLISON. I do not suppose that it, is
necessary for me to add anything to the remarks
made by the chairman of the committee on this
question of establishing an assay office, as pro-
vided in this bill.
I fully appreciate the anxiety of the gentle-
man from Oregon [Mr. henderson] to pre-
serve the appropriation made by Congress two
years ago for the establishment of a mint, in
that State. But upon examination of this sub-
ject by the Committee of Ways and Means, and
a reference to the petitions that have been pre-
sented to us during the present session, we have
become satisfied that if we ouce establish the
principle of locating branch mi nts in every Ter-
ritory or State where gold is found we will have
branch mints all over the country. The expe-
rience of the country in this regard shows that
it is only necessary to have one mint in tho
Atlantic States and one mint upon the Pacific
coast.
The first mint established by this Govern-
ment was in the year 1800, at the then capital
of the nation, the city of Philadelphia. The
act authorizing the Miutat that city was renewed
from year to year, until in 1831,1 believe, this
Mint was finally established in that city.
