1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4125
Mr. SHERMAN. It is money due to a pri-
vate individual, past due. That is enough to
make it a private claim. That is the only defi-
nition of a private claim. An appropriation is
for future expenditures.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator allow me to
inquire—I inquire for information—if this be
money due to these individuals, is not this
amendment offered with a view of carrying out
the provisions of an existing law?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir.
Mr. HOWE. Then how is the money due?
Mr. SHERMAN. I say the question whether
it is due or not cannot possibly arise, because
if it is a private claim, even if the money is due
it cannot be inserted here. The law to which
the Senator refers provided that certain vessels
should be built, and provided for the manner
of building them. Every dollar the United
States agreed to pay for those vessels has been
paid, and the whole basis of the claim is that
it is equitably due. It does not arise under an
existing law ; the only claim is that the vessel
was built under a law. Every private claim
that is presented in any shape or form to us
arises under some existing law, because it all
grows out of the service of the Government.
Nearly all the private claims that are on your
Calendar grow directly or indirectly out of ex-
isting laws. If the Senate will overrule the
plain provisions of the thirtieth rule in order
to put this private claim upon this bill, as a
matter of course there is an end of all checks,
and I shall not deem it my duty to interpose
any further check.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as
the judgment of the Senate?
Air. HENDRICKS. It is very disagreeable
of course to differ with the Chair on a question
of this sort, and I know the Chair will not be at all
displeased or feel hurt if the Senate shall over-
rule his decision. Here is money that ought
to be paid. Nobody questions it. Everybody
said this claim was right when the bill was up.
There was an appropriation to build certain
ships ; this ship was built, and there is not
enough of money appropriated to pay it. It is
built according to law and there is no appro-
priation to pay what everybody admits to be
due. This is the claim that the Senator from
New Hampshire now occupying the chair [Mr.
Ciark] said was right when it was up. Every-
body said so.
Air. EDAIUNDS. Will the Senator from In-
diana allow me to inquire whether this amount
which is to be paid to these gentlemen is a
sum due to them by contract, or a sum which
ought to be paid to them in excess of what was
agreed to be paid?
Air. HENDRICKS. It is a sum due to them
by contract, not the written contract, but it
grows out of the fact that the Government took
from them after they had finished the machinery
the important part of that machinery and thereby
they were delayed in their work, and now it is a
quantum meruit instead of the stipulated price.
The conduct of the Government was such as to
raise that class of contract. I hope this claim will
be allowed. It is a question of life or death.
The vessel was swamped once and was a dread-
ful loss upon these parties, and now the ques-
tion is whether we shall delay this thing and
swamp in a financial way the parties who have
rendered such good serviceto the Government.
I hope it will be allowed.
Air. EDAIUNDS. If I understand the ques-
tion now, it is whether the decision of the
Chair shall stand as the judgment of the Sen-
ate, and it appears to me that that is purely an
intellectual question. It has nothing to do
with the admitted or claimed justice of these
gentlemen's claim ; but it is a question which
we are bound to decide upon the law and the
rule irrespective of what we desire shall be the
result of i^. It would not do for us, I take it,
if we were sitting, as the Senator from New
York [Air. Harms] used to sit, as judges here
011 an appeal from some lower court, to have
our wishes enter into the question of deciding
what the law really is.
Now, the Senator from Indiana tells us that
this is not a sum of money which is to be paid
in pursuance of a contract made under the law
authorizing the construction of these vessels,
but that on aeeount of some interference with
that contract by the power of the Government
a just claim in equity arose in favor of these
gentlemen. I do not know that; but I do not
doubt it, because the Senator says it is so. But
the question recurs, not whether or not we ought
to pay these people, but whether we can con-
scientiously decide that your decision, sir, is
an error, merely because it happens to suitour
wishes at this moment to accomplish a partic-
ular result. That is the question; and that
being the question, it appears to me that we
cannot hesitate to sustain the decision that
the Chair has made; and if this claim be a just
one, as it is represented, a bill to pay these
gentlemen can be introduced and be passed in
an hour by itself, if it be really true as is stated
—and I have no reason to doubt it—that this
is that species of claim.
Mi-. CONNESS. This question assumes a
very disagreeable attitude to Senators. I have
understood the practice of the Senate usually
to be when a question of this kind arises for
the Chair to submit the question to the Senate
and let the Senate decide whether the proposi-
tion presented is a private claim or not, and I
hope, in that view of the case, that the Senator
will withdraw his appeal from the decision of
the Chair, and that the Chair will submit the
question to the Senate in the ordinary way.
Mr. POAIEROY. I was going to suggest
that we may take the question in another way.
Mr. NYE. 1 will withdraw tha appeal. All
I desired was to have the sense of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
certainly has no desire to decide the point of
order; but when a point is made it is the duty
of the Chair to decide it, and he cannot have
any question about; but the Chair will submit
the question to the Senate if Senators have
any delicacy about it. The question is, Shall
this amendment be received under the rule?
Air. STEWART. I simply wish to remark
that if there is any embarrassment in regard to
the question of order, there can be no embar-
rassment with regard to the propriety of passing
the measure. Before, when it came before the
Senate, it was accompanied by a large number
of other measures as to which we were not in-
formed ; but the chairman of the Naval Com-
mittee and every Senator who spoke concurred
in the feet that this was a just claim and ought
to be paid. Now, inasmuch as we are relieved
from a great deal of embarrassment that may
come at another time in a combination and
omnibus bill to pay a number of claims, hav-
ing an honest claim before us that we all concur
in, it seems to 1110 it should be received now with
a good deal of favor by the Senate. It is the
portion of the iron-clad bill which every one
agreed ought to be passed ; and that being the
case, it is a hardship on them to postpone it to
another session.
Air. FESSENDEN. The same remark would
apply to a hundred other cases of hardship.
If there ever was a private claim in the world,
this is one. It was submitted to the Senate
originally as a private claim, on a petition,
referred to a committee as a claim and a pri-
vate claim merely. To be sure there were a
good many others of the same kind; but its
character cannot be possibly changed by that
circumstance in any possible way. If the Sen-
ate, merely because it is in favor of a particu-
lar claim, is to hold that it is not a private
claim, there will be no getting along at all
with our appropriation bills. The Senate on
the construction of a rule so clear in this case
will onty stultify itself by deciding that this is
not a private claim. There is nothing else
about it. It is in favor of a private party for
a claim which has gone before a committee
and been considered as a private claim.
Mr. HOWARD. I have no doubt there is
a private claim; but it is not every private
claim that is excluded from consideration by
the thirtieth rule. The exception made to that
rule in regard to private claims is in these words:
"unless it be to carry out the provisions of an
existing law or a treaty stipulation." I think
the question here is whether this ease does
not fall within the exception. What is this
claim? It is a claim, as I understand it, pre-
sented by the contractors for compensation on
account of the losses which they assort they
have sustained in executing a contract with
the Government, and by the action of the Gov-
ernment which has tended to prevent them from
performing the contract as they were required
to do by its letter.
Mr. SHERMAN. In the nature of un-
liquidated damages, I suppose.
Air. HOWARD. No, sir. The claim arises
under a contract which was entered into to
carry out, in the language of the rule, "an
existing law."
Air. EDAIUNDS. But the Government vio-
lated the contract by taking away the prop-
erty. Then their conduct was contrary to law
instead of under the law.
Air. HOWARD. If these claimants have
an equitable claim against the Government
arising out of and under a contract which was
entered into to carry out an existing statute, it
seems to me that it is a private claim arising
out of the provisions of an existing statute. 1
cannot confine the language of the rule to
claims which are strictly legal claims, where
there has been a quid pro quo, a legal, formal
consideration; but it embraces by its very
terms all claims, whether legal or equitable,
and I understand that these claimants found
their claim upon the equities of their case, and
in that point of view I certainly can make no
distinction between an equitable claim and a
legal claim, both arising under a contract to
carry out the provisions of an existing statute.
It is alleged that the failure of the contract-
ors to perform their contract arose from the
intervention of the Government itself, which
prevented thein from performing it in the mode
and within the time required by their contract.
If that be the case, then surely there must be an
equity on the part of the claimants, arising out
of their contract and out of the action of the
Government itself. It seems to me,' therefore,
it will be giving this rule a very narrow and
insufficient construction to confinc it to cases
which are stripped of every character of equity
but resting solely upon a point of law. I can-
not give it that narrow construction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The construction that
my honorable friend gives would be a very ex-
cellent one. Thisisaprivateelaim,headmits,
but under his construction it comes under the -
exception to the rule, being to carry out an ex-
isting law ; and how does he proceed to do it?
Why, there is no law for it; it is a mere equi-
table matter, for which the parties are obliged
to come to Congress because there is no law,
and therefore it arises under an existing law !
That is hislogic, stated in plain terms. This,
he says, is a private claim. Nobody doubts
that. Why is it not paid ? Because there is
no law for it. It is nothing but an equitable
claim upon the Government.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire whether, in his opinion, the rule con-
templates that there shall be a law to pay the
claim?
Air. FESSENDEN. I will state the con-
struction that has always been put upon it. _ It
is that there must be a law admitting the thing •
itself, but where there has been no appropria-
tion to meet the provisions of that law, an
amendment is allowable.
Air. TRUA1BULL. For instance, where there
is an officer provided for without an appropria-
tion for his salary.
Air. HOWARD. That is not a fair con-
struction of the rule.
Air. FESSENDEN. Where the law pro-
vides that the thing shall be done, but there
has been no 'appropriation to_ do it, that is
something arising out of an existing law. But
here is a claim which has not a law to found
itself upon, but is simply equitable in the strict-
est sense of the word, if anything. It surely
