1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mi
[Mr. Boyer,] that poverty is a cause of exclu-
sion from the ballot-box.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman give way
for a moment ?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly, sir.
Mr. BOYER. Did the gentleman under-
stand me as saying that?
Mr. KELLEY. I certainly understood the
gentleman to say that the people to whom we
propose to extend the right of suffrage were
ignorant and poor, nigh unto pauperism, and
to urge that as a reason for withholding from
them the power to defend those rights which
God gives to every man though he own nothing
but his skill and honest will to labor.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman give way
to me for a moment ?
Mr. KELLEY. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. I did not use the words that
the gentleman attributes to me at all at any
time in the course of my speech.
Mr. KELLEY. Willmy colleague repeat the
language he did use?
Mr. BOYER. I only described as 1 under-
stand it and believe it exists, the situation of
the population which this bill proposes to make
electors here in the metropolis of the nation.
I did not urge in any part of my argument that
because they were poor, therefore they should
be excluded from the right of suffrage, but be-
cause they were ignorant, and in other respects
unfit to exorcise the elective franchise.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to do
me the honor to read that portion of his speech
to the House, that it may be incorporated in
mine.
Mr. BOYER. I should be very glad to do
so if I had it. If the reporters will allow me
to have the copy, I will read it with pleasure.
Mr. KELLEY. Or if it will better please
the gentleman I will incorporate it in my re-
marks as the reporters shall hand them to me.
Mr. BOYER. I hope the gentleman will
do so.
Mr. KELLEY. Leaving what the gentle-
man did say to the memory of the House, I pass
on to see what were Madison's views on that
subject.
In a paper entitled "Notes on Suffrage," Xo.
2, beginning on page 21 of volume four of the
Madison Papers, ho discusses the just limita-
tions of suffrage with reference to the security
of the State the extent of empire and future
population of which was not only unknown hut,
as history attests, then unimagined. Ho dis-
cussed how far property should have its voice
in elections, and how far the majority of the
people, who would never acquire properly,
should have their rights; and having weighed
and considered all the suggested devices for
securing property on the one hand against pos-
sible agrarianistn, and to secure on the other
hand personal liberty against all assaults, thus
announced his conclusion:
"Under every view of the subject it seems indispen-
sable that the mass of the citizens should not be with-
out a. voicein making the law.s which they are to obey,
and in choosing the magistrates who are to administer
them. And if the only alternative be between an
equal and universal right el suffrage for cach branch
of the Government, and a confinement of the entire
right to a part of the citizens, it is better that those
having the greater interest at stake, namely, that of
property and persons both, should be deprivedof half
their share in the Government; than thnt those hnvim
a lesiei- intercut, that of personal rights only, should be
deprived of the whole."
With Madison, as with all the leaders of the
Democratic party before it had adopted as its
entire creed devotion to a trinity of objects—
secession, slavery, and free trade—the doctrine
was that Go vernment should rest oil the consent
of the governed, and that its only legitimate
object was the protection of the rights of the
governed.
Mr. BOYER. If my colleague [Mr. Kelley J
will allow me, I will state that the reporters have
furnished me with that portion of my speeeli
which he has promised to incorporate into his
own, andThopehe will do so. I read as follows:
"The outrage proposed to be inflicted is considera-
bly heightened when we consider the ignorance and
degradation of thcgreatb'odyof those upon whom this
bill would confer the elective franchise. The colored
population of the District of Columbia, at the begin-
ning of the war, was about fifteen thousand. Since
then it has been more timu doubled, mainly bv the in-
flux of refugee:,' and contraband* from the South,who
were born and reared in shivery, and debased by all
the influences of such a condition of life; few of them
able to read; without any instruction 111 the most ele-
mentary principles of government; living amid filth
and disease—many of them subsistingon charity—such
are the beings selected by this bill to be the represent-
atives of the American ballot-box in the political me-
tropolis of the nation."
Nowthe gentleman has my wholcdescription,
and he may make the most of it.
Mr. KELLEY. I am very much obliged to
my colleague, and I now arraign him with hav-
ing, in the hope of depriving the poor of politi-
cal power for the protection of their rights,
surrounded the proposition before the House
with conditions and circumstances extraneous
to it. and so presented a picture which has not
suggested itself to the mind of any calm man
who has read the bill and knows to whom the
right of suffrage is proposed to be given by it.
It proposes to give it to the "citizens of the
District," and the gentleman knows as well as
1 do that the mass of people who are poor by
reason of his oppression, and whom he has des-
cribed, are 110 part of the citizens or resident
population of the District. If they become such,
they will, as 1 shall show yon, even under the
infamous oppressions heaped upon the colored
people of the District by the oligarchy that rules
it, ay, even in that ease, by the time they be-
come voters, have an opportunity of learning
to read the English language as well as 11 is
read by thousands of the people who make the
Democratic majority in the city of Now York.
Mr. CHANLER. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him?
Mr. KELLEY. I beg the gentleman to ex-
cuse me. 1 must apply to him the rule which
he invariably applies to me, which is to say
"no," when 1 ask leave to interrupt him for
explanation, or propose to correct his casual
misstatements.
Mr. CllAXLEIl. The gentleman is afraid
to meet the issue.
Several Members. "Order!" "Order!"
Mr. KELLEY. For whom do we ask this
legislation? In 18G0, according to the census,
there were fourteen thousand three hundred and
sixteen colored people in this District, and we.
ask this legislation for the male adults of that
number. Are they in rags and filth and deg-
radation? The tax books of the District will
toll von that tliov pay taxes 011 SI .'250,1)00 worth
of real estate, held within the. limits oftbis Dis-
trict. On one block, on which they pay taxes
on fifty odd tliou.-and dollars, lliere are but two
colored freeholders who have not bought them-
selves out of slavery. One of them has bought
as many as eight persons beside himself, a wife
and seven children. Coming to freedom in
manhood, mortgaged for a thousand or fifteen
hundred dollars as his own price, he lias earned
and carried to the southern robber thousands
of dollars, the price extorted for his wife and
children, and is now a freeholder in this Dis-
trict. They have twenty-one churches, which
they own, and which they maintain at an an-
nual cost of over twenty thousand dollars.
Their communing members number over forty-
three hundred. In their twenty-two Sunday-
schools they gather on each Sabbath over three
thousand American children of African descent.
They maintain, sir, to the infamous disgrace of
the American Congress and people, thirly-thrcc
day schools, eight of which are maintained
exclusively by contributions from colored citi-
zens of the District; the remainder by their
contributions, eked out by contributions from
the generous people of the Xorth; and every
dollar of their million and a quarter dollars of
real estate and personal property is taxed for
schools to educate the children of the white
people of the District, the fathers of many of
those children having been absent during the
war fighting for the confederacy and against
our Constitution and flag. Who shall reproach
them with being poor and ignorant, while Con-
gress, which has exclu.j', c jurisdiction over the
District, has till last year robbed them day by
day, and barred the door ol' the public school
against them? Such reproach does not lie in
the white man's mouth ; at any rate, 110 merar
ber of the Democratic party ought to utter it.
They take, in, as the subscription lists of tha
two papers show, more than twelve hundred
copies each afternoon of the National Repub-
lican, and over thirty-five hundred copies each
morning of the Daily Chronicle.
Mr. GARFIELD. I beg leave to remind
the gentleman that it was stated some time ago
that nobody in Washington is "respectable"
unless he takes the National Intelligence?,
[Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I am not pleading for the
"respectable," which Carlyle says means in
England "those who keep a gig:''' it is for the
poor and lowly I plead. But I would thank
God if my Democratic fellow-citizens of the
sixth district of Pennsylvania would to the same
proportion read two papers as valuable, as re-
publican, as Christian in their teaching, as the
two I have named. I am quite sure that if such
was the case it would improve the' political
opinions of my colleague and valued friend.
"There arc." as one of those poor souls has
written, andlread it from his own manuscript—
"There are over thirty benevolent, literary, and
civic org^nixaf ions among tliem, by which their needy,
superannuated, and infirm are cared for to a large
extent, the city government havingnone, or the least
possible per cent., of colored paupers to support."
Tolerably good English for John F. Cook,
whoso complexion stamps him with such evi-
dent inferiority to my colleague !
My colleague says that the white men of this
Disfrict have given evidences of patriotism, and
cites the number of men who entered District
regiments under the President's first call in.
proof of his allegation. Sir, I have gone to
the War Department, day after day ana night
after night, to beg for the release from, service,
01- transfer to Pennsylvania regiments, of that
gentleman's constituents and my own, who,
having rushed to flic District of Columbia with-
out arms, ready to die in any ditch in defense of
this capital, and being here wore entrapped
into District regiments, and whose families were
suffering becausc the people of the District did
not provide for soldiers' families as those of
Pennsylvania did. The gentleman compares
the number of volunteers furnished by the Dis-
trict of Columbia, under the first call, with'the
number furnished by Massachusetts. I ask him
whether he does not know that this District gave
scarcely a man that belonged to if by birth or
long-continued residence; that she entrapped
into her regiments his constituents and mine,
and those of every northern member who may
have happened to be here?
Mr. BOYER. xVs I understand the gentle-
man to ask me a question 
Mr. KELLEY. I decline to be interrupted
just now. I remember, Mr. Speaker, to have
been here the day after the President issued his
proclamation, and to have seen one of the volun-
teer companies of the District, ordered out for
temporary defense, marched 011 a dreary, wet
morning to the front of the War Department,
and I saw Colonel Thomas propose to swear
these members in. The company numbered
eighty; and when the tolonel proposed the
oath that would bind them to fight for and not
against the Union all excepting thirty-seven
stepped out; and those proved to be nearly all
northern men, temporarily residing in the Dis-
1 trict.
He must take other calls than the first, under
which so many northern men were entrapped,
if ho would settle the question he raided. Let
him see how it was under later calls. I remem-
ber another scene. After long persuasion, the
Administration consented to permit the colored
man to attest his manhood upon the field of
battle. I went to Mason's Island on the second
or third day after the announcement of that de-
teiniination, and found nearly a regiment of
colored men swarming there without officers,
save Colonel (now General) William Birnev and
a second lieutenant. They were poor and igno-
rant, but clustered in groups, those whose in-
tellectual eyes slavery had almost put out, were,
through the instrumentality of pamphlets and
