1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2205
Do you bankrupt a country by increasing its
productive industry? Do you bankrupt a coun-
try by expanding its habitable territory and
carrying civilization to a broad empire teem-
ing with resources.but now a wilderness? No,
©ir, it will not bankrupt the country. It will
enrich it; it will expand and strengthen its
credit. In the darkest hours of the war I stood
here and advocated the grant of land to the
Central Pacific railroad, and I then said in
" substance to those who listened to me, "Let
us proclaim to the nations of Europe that now,
in the very agony of our country, we project
and launch for completion an enterprise for
which none of them have the territory. Lot
us show them that, while our country is torn
and almost rent asunder by civil war, such is
the confidence in its power and endurance that
we engage in enterprises which may not bless
ms, but of which our posterity shall reap the
rich reward, and the very commencement of
which will bring to us millions of dollars with
which to pay for their construction."
The war is over, and I now appeal to gentle-
men to increase the resources of the country by
developing a region greater in length and breadth
and natural wealtk than western Europe, and
making it populous, thrifty, productive, and a
market for the consumption of the products of
other regions, and above all by making it the
great highway of the world. Let the capital-
ists of England, ofPrance, ofFrankfort-on-the-
Main, and elsewhere, understand that their
bills of exchange, representing and moving the
"commercial wealth of the world, traverse the
continent of a democratic republic that can
convert its wilderness into teeming farms and
thriving cities by taking their paupers and the
most abject of their people and elevating them
into sovereign citizens of a free republic, and
you will not impair the credit of the country.
1 can conceive no enterprise which would
more surely guaranty the speedy and easy pay-
ment of our national debt than the develop-
ment of that empire which is drained by the
Missouri and the Columbia, by the applica-
tion of the rule invariably practiced in build-
ing railroads, to wit, the use of credit while
capital is being made productive by the con-
struction of the road. I apprehend that the
money could be obtained without this legisla-
tion. I apprehend that an application to Sir
Morton Peto and other British capitalists, with
a stipulation to make this road a link in a grand
international road, would bring the requisite
capital. But T want no international railroad
binding ns still more closely to the Provinces
of our proudest and most powerful enemy. I
do not want the British lino practically brought
down from the forty-eighth to the forty-second
degree of latitude. This should be an Amer-
ican road, and should be under the guardian-
ship of the American Congress. It should be
in the hands of American men, so that if the
colonists make lateral roads, those roads shall
feed our main line, and if discriminations are
to be made as to rights or rates over the road,
they shall be made against those who are not
our fellow-citizens, and not against the inter-
ests of our country or countrymen.
I implore gentlemen to rise above the petty
and local considerations that have animated
this debate so far. I ask them to contemplate
this as a great national scheme.
Especially do I ask them to guard the coun-
try against a monopoly whose footfalls were, in
my judgment, heard here yesterday. It is said
New J crsey is but a province of the Camden
and Amboy Railroad Company. Men say that
the Pennsylvania Central road governs that
State. I have heard similar suggestions in re-
gard to some of the States of New England and
the West. T hear it stated sometimes that the
Illinois Central railroad domineers the State of
Illinois. We have granted a charter and a lib-
eral donation to one Pacific railroad, and we
must relieve ourselves from its power as a mo-
nopoly by adequately aiding other roads. I am
in favor of a northern route, and should I stand
here when the country is restored and the loyal
men of the South aro Yepreseuted in this Hall,
if they ask a grant like this for a southern Pa-
cific railroad, my voice shall be raised to give
them subsidies greater than are asked here.
With the Atlantic and the Pacific connected
upon our northern boundary, upon the central
line embracing Illinois, Missouri, and my own
great State, and on a southern route, there will
be no monopoly coming here to impel gentle-
men to insinuate slanders against those who
may present great undertakings to the consid-
eration of Congress and the nation.
My arguments, Mr. Speaker, have been of a
general character. They may all be familiar to
gentlemen. But they have been uttered in the
interest of my country and mankind; and in aid
of those interests I hope this bill will be passed.
Mr. FARNSWORTH obtained the floor, but
yielded to
Mr. STEVENS, who said : I only want a sin-
gle moment. I ask the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Westvvorth] to withdraw his motion
to refer to the Committee on Public Lands, so
that I may move a substitute for the bill. He
can then renew the motion. I only want the
substitute before the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I wish to say that my
sole object in moving to refer this bill to the
Committee on Public Lands was to provoke
inquiry. I am sincerely desirous that every
member upon this floor shall discharge his
duty, if lie thinks proper, by referring to the
Committee on Public Lands any amendment
he has to propose. All I have desired, and all
that I now desire, and all the gentlemen who
are considered as the opponents of this bill
desire, is that it shall be discussed. The whole
trouble between us and tlioso who are trying
to force this bill through, is that they do not
mean that the people shall understand anything
about this bill. I am determined that tliey
shall. 1 withdraw my motion.
Mr. STEVENS. I now submit a substitute
for the bill.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I renew my motion.
If any gentleman has an amendment to offer I
am willing to yield for it to come in.
Mr. SPALDING. I give notice I shall move
to lay the bill upon the table.
Mr. HIGBY. .1 rise to a question of order.
Was not the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road created for the very purpose of consider-
ing this subject?
The SPEAKER. The committee was raised
for that purpose, but the House lias the right
to refer any bill to any committee it pleases.
The gentleman from Illinois has a right to move
to refer this bill to the Committee on Public
Lands or to the Committee on Appropriations
or any other committee.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire the House as well as the country to under-
stand I am in favor of a Pacific railroad. I
am not only in favor of one Pacific railroad,
but of several, whenever the commerce of the
country demands it. Two years ago, when the
original bill was passed chartering this Pacific
Railroad Company, 1 voted for it. I have not
examined the Congressional Globe with refer-
ence to the debate that took place at that time,
but I have a distinct recollection when the bill
was reported by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevioxs,] chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad, some member,
perhaps myself, asked whether it provided
money should be drawn out of the Treasury
for the construction of this road. Finally a
provision, which I will read, was introduced.
It is in the third section:
"And provided further, That no money shall be
drawn from tho Treasury of the United States to aid
in the construction of the said Northern Pacific rail-
road."
Upon that provision being inserted in the
act, myself, and I have no doubt many other
gentlemen, voted for the bill who would not
have done so without some such provision.
But it seems that provisions of this kind inserted
in the organic acts creating corporations of
this sort are no protection to the Government.
They come again and again, and, like Oliver
Twist, they ask for more, more.
Now. Mr. Speaker, if we pass this bill, if wa
give this subsidy which they now demand in
money, we still have no security, but they come
again next session, or at the next Congress,
and ask for more—more soup.
We have all kinds of agencies made use of
here to put these bills through Congress. I
was a little startled, and my nerves somewhat
disturbed, in common with my colleagues, as I
suppose, yesterday morning, after the debate
had commenced upon this bill, when a mes-
senger came around quietly to our seats, and
laid before us a formidable-looking document
from the Board of Trade of the city of Chicago,
containing a series of resolutions adopted by
that board in favor of this particular bill. Upon
the envelope I noticed the stamp of the Board
of Trade of that city; but they were without
post-mark. They had not come through the
ordinary channel of the post office, but were
s<?nt here by express to the lobby agent of this
railroad company here, to be delivered to mem-
bers from the West upon tho eve of action upon
it, for the purpose of influencing their votes.
Since that time one of my colleagues has
received a letter from a gentleman in Chicago,
which explains how it was manipulated and
how these resolutions were procured to be
passed by the Board of Trade. I will read a
portion of the letter:
"CniCAGO, April 22,1866.
" Colonkl "WnxTWORTn: You will sec by tho action
taken by the Board of Trade yesterday that attention
lias boon called to the Northern Pacific railroad.
Colonel Rowland sent, mo a letter and some papers
from Washington, asking mc to present them to the
directors of the hoard; and as I wont in to do so 1
found a Mr.Hill, from Boston, explaining the wishes
of tho company. After he got through I read tho
letter and submitted tho documents, consisting of tho
charter, an appeal toCongress from the northwestern
members, a map of tho route, and an act which has
been reported to the House of Representatives by the
■Railroad Committee to assist the construction of tho
Northern Pacific railroad."
It then goes on to state that the resolution
was adopted, and adds :
"You understand the object of all this. It is to
influence tho vote of yourself and other members
from tho State in its favor."
Mr. WINDOM. Is not that a common thing?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The gentleman asks
me if it is not a common thing. I believe it is;
and it is common for any lobbyists who want
to pass a particular bill to affect tho commerce
of the country to manipulate Boards of Trade
and get these resolutions indorsing their pro-
jects.
Mr. WINDOM. The gentleman evidently
does not understand that letter. This mare's
nest is a great, deal like some others that have
been discussed about this bill.  He says these
papers were sent here by express from Chicago
to some lobby agent to be scattered through
the House. The fact is that these papers came
here to Mr. Hersey, of the Post Otfice Depart-
ment. I suppose they came by express. Ho
is in no sense a lobby agent in this House; he
is employed in the post office in the House of
Representatives. In that way they are placed
on the desks of members of this House.
So far as Mr. Hill is concerned, who is rep-
resented as coming from Boston to represent
this railroad company, he is no other person
than tho secretary of the Board of Trade of
that city. The city of Boston being interested
in this road and desirous of receiving the ben-
efits to be derived from it. sends its secretary
of the Board of Trade to Chicago and calls the
attention of the board to the subject, just as
the city of Chicago sent the secretary of its
Board of Trade to the city of Boston a short
time ago to influence that Board of Trade in
favor of the Illinois ship-canal. That is all
there is in this mare's nest.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not see that
the explanation takes away from the force of
my statement at all. A lobby man was sent
from Boston to Chicago, an agent of this incor-
poration, for the purpose of manipulating the
Board of Trade there, and there Tie met an-
other lobbyman, one "Colonel Rowland, an
adventurer, who obtained the title of colonel,
Grod only knows how—adventurer j as X
