182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 10,
newspapers, sometimes torn fragments, begin-
ning to see day dawn, bj- the labors of their more
fortunate associates, who were acting as teach-
ers. From these shreds and patches oi paper
they were beginning to prepare themselves to
perform the civic duties of American citizens,
while preparing to go forth and lay down their
lives, if need be, in maintaining American re-
publican institutions.
In the comparison of these two scenes, you
have a capilal indication of the relative patri-
otism of the two races in the capital of our
country. I know the district from, which my
eolleague comes, and how blind its devotion to
the organization called the Democratic party is,
but I ask him whether he dare go through that
district proclaiming that he regards a "white
grayback" who fought against the country as a
better citizen and more entitled to its protec-
tion than a negro who fought, for it,? You give
to the poor, ignorant, drunken, squalid rebel
who has returned the right to vote. Why will
you not give it to the intelligent, sober, tax-
paying, house-holding negro?
Mr. BOYER. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me for a moment.
Mr. EEL LEY. Certainly.
Mr. BOYER. Will the gentleman_allow me
to ask him whether in'any part of my speech 1
said anything about .traitors voting?
Mr. KELLEY. i find upon my notes that in
the gentleman's speech there was a vindication
of the patriotism of the people of this DinlriLt,
and an admission, not in this language, but in
thio spirit, that the negro man, like a rat when
driven to a corner, had fought a little. f [::■ ; lie
gentleman forgotten Port Hudson and Milii-
ken's Bend? Ootliv papers he roads belong
to that class which excluded from their columns
everythingabout colored soldiers and American
victories? If they do, lei him study the story
of Bat!ery Wagner before he permits his speech
to be printed, so that he may say one generous
word for those who died that ho and his might
be blessed.
For whom do we propose to legislate? My
•colleague says that the black man is not equal
to the white man.
[ know some white men who tire not equal
to black men, [Laughter.] 1 would not inti-
mate that niy colleague was in that class, for I
know his powers and his virtues ; yet, among his
constitueuts he may possibly have associated at
some time, even in his manhood, with men
less cuili\nfed and poweiful than Fied. Doug-
lass or Benjamin Banuaker, the publicly iccog-
ntzed friend of deiierson, and who honored tite
early annals of our native State and made it
known in France and over tin- breadths of the
Continent'.vheu no other native mathematician
had.
T lurn, sir, to show the House for whom we
ask sufirage. Here is the liken ess of Henry
Highland tiarneH. L is mighty black. [Laugh-
ter.] My colleague cannot say that his grand-
mother had an injrctiou of vhite blood in her
veins. You see the likeness of a pure African
there. But the face, black as it is, is radiant
with intelligence, manliness, and -piety. The
pamphlet it embellishes contains a sermon he
preached in this Hall on Sunday, February 12,
Ifcu-j. With exquisite satire, he a'; fumed, by his
text, to characterize the scribes and Pharisees
of old, but sketched the members of the modern
Democratic pai ty. [Laughter.] He took for
his text Matthew xxiii, 4:
" For they birnl h •:;!,% y burdf ns, nnd grievous to be
borne, and lay tiicm upon :<e ;::h'.M 1, ) but l!ky
themselves will not rauve tlieui with one of their
lingers.'
His discourse is not powerful, eloquent, and
elaborate as that of my colleague: but it'con-
tains some passages with which I brgleavebriefly
to detain the 11 ouse. He says, as he progresses:
" Let, u-i licie tukeup the gulden rule, an<l adopt, the
s^S-'i.npiieafivc mode of reasoning to these who hold
these erroneous views Come, gird up thy loins and
ati-wcr hke a man, if thou canst, is slavery, i! is
pen in iN origin, continuance, and end the best po<-
siote r-on. Minn .lor theo? (J, no! Wilt thou bear that
bim'.ei! iif.oa <iiy should"rs which thou would-t Jay
JUJOU tie- iellir.v -mail! in. \v ill thou bear a port ot
it, or r<rr.ox-.? a litrlo rn its weight with one of th>
finsi is? Tie- -it j u> and indignant answer is, Ke no*"
It strikes me that this matter is pretty well
put by a black man who is too poor and ignorant
to bo allowed to vote on the question as to who
shall administer the local laws and mend the
roads of this District!
Again, sir, he says:
"We ask, and ouly ask. that when our poor frail
barks arc launched on Lie's ocean,
" 'Bound un a voyage of awful length,
And danger- little known,'
that, in common with others, we way "be furnished
with rudder, helm, and sails, and charts, and com-
pass. Give us good pilots to conduct us to the 0[>en
seas: lift 110 fal.;e lights along the dangerous coasts;
nnd if it shall please God to send us propitious winds
or fearful gales, wo shall survive or perish, as our en-
ergies or neglect shall del ermine. Y\ro as>l\ no special
favors but wo plead for justice. While we scorn un-
manly dependence, in the name of God, the universal
Father, wo demand the right to live and labor, and
to enjoy the fruits of our toil,''
Will p^nllemeri on the other side consider
this extract from the discourse of that black
likeness of our Almighty Father?
The gentleman denies our power, our moral
right. Y\ hut right has he to the word moral
upon his lips when pleading such a cause as
that i o will eh lie devoted his hour? Neither
morals nor religion sanction the prineipleshe ut-
tered. Sir. we have the power, and that power
belongs to us alone, lor the Constitution of the
United Siates confides the legislation for this
District in its very first article to the Congress
of the (Tiitcd .States.
But perhaps, Mr. Speaker, he means that we
have not the power to confer citizenship upon
a new class of people. J ask him to study the
subject, and f think he will find that when the
Constitution of the United States was adopted
1 lie free colored man ^ oted in our own Penn-
sylvania, and continued to do it until the Dem-
ocratic party modified the constitution in 18;J8,
and that the) enjoyed the franchise in all the
States except South Carolina, and possibly
Delaware and Virginia, in which two Stales
suffrage was regulated by statutory and not by
constitutiorml provision.
Mr. BOTER. "Will my colleague allow me
a personal explanation?
Mr. KKLLEV. I will.
Mr. BUYER. The gentleman slates that I
said that Congress had no power io pa>s this
bill. I said no such thing. On the contrary,
1 expressly admitted the power of Congress
to pass it. But I did deny the moral right of
Congress to pass it in the face of the almost
unanimous expression of the people of this
District against it.
Several Members. That is so. Moral
right.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman argued that
it was against the will of the majority. But I
accept his modification very gladly". Moral
right is, in my judgment, power.
In the Ihesideni's first message—and I am
very happy to know that I am sustaining his
views when pressing this mattei upon Con-
gress -lie has told us that were he in Tennes-
see he would advocate the extension of suf-
frage to the colored people of that State. And
that being the case. I know he is its friend
here : indeed, he has so assured me personally.
The President, however, falls into a slight error
in the course of his message. On page BJ, I
find it written:
"But. while I have no doubt that now, after the
close of the war, it i>not competent for the General
Govu nmenl to extend the elect ive trim Huso in the
several Slate:-, it is; equally clear that good fuith re-
quires the sccuiity of the frccdmon in their libortv
and their property, theirriirht to labor, and I heir right
to '.-Loin the ju-t return of their labor. I cannot too
sTon,-;]y uigo a fb.-pds-ionace treatment of tins sub-
ject, which should ho carefully kent aloof from all
}Mity sink'. ^ u iim^i oouallr avoid hasty assump-
tion-nf any naturnl impossibility f<-r the tv,-o racer; to
live tide by side m a state 01 mutual benefit and good
will. ri ne experiment involves u> m no inc.oii^istenoj*;
let us, then, go on and nnihe that cxpeiimcnt in m>od
foil;i, ami not be too e.ir-ilvdisheartened. The coun-
try j.s in neod oi labor, and the freedmeu are in need
of eimdoj meat, culture, and protection. "While their
right of voliint.ir;--inio-rnto.m and expatriation is not
to ne questioned, 1 would not advise their forced re-
mora] ;:a'l rtiioir/atioii.Let i'<3 r;Uii«'meuiiraeo tiioin
te honorable and oidu-fry, where it may be ben-
chcial 10 themselves and to the country; and. instead
of hasty Dntuoputions of the certainty of failure, let
there be nothing wanting to the fair trial of tho ex- '
pornn^nt. !
Sir, it is evident that the absorbing duties in
which he was engaged while military governor
! of Tennessee, and m the high oilice to which
he was so suddenly and unexpectedly called,
have prevented President .Johnson from exam-
ining that question histoneallv. We have been
in a murky political atmosphere for thirty or
forty years, and our views of historical matters
have been bedimmed. i turn to James Madi-
son to vindicate the sagacity of the founders of
our Government. Those founders built not
for a generation but for all time. They were
skillful architects, and understood the laws
and principles of the business they undertook.
They built by square and compass and rule,
and omitted neither corner-stone nor key-^tone
from any arch in the temple they constructed
to bo the abode of freedom in all time. They
made it the duty of the United States Govern-
ment to rjuaraniy to each Stafe, a republican
fnrn) of Government, and having done that they
did not fail to provide the means by which the
Government on which they had laid that duty
should be able to perform it. And they gave
Congress the amplest power to execute that
section, -when, in section four, article one, they
provided that—
"The times, places and manner of holding elec-
tions lor (Senators a d Itepiesentatives shall be pre-
scribed in each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Corf/rest moy, at <uiv tim?, by kne uialcc or nilcr such
rr/jvlctions, except as to the places of choosing Sena-
tors"
Now, sir, what did they mean by that pro-
vision? Let James Madison. Patrick Henry—
the eloquent champion of Smle rights—Nich-
olas, Clay. "Wyeth, Tyler: let Munroe, who in-
terrogated Madison on the point in question,
Alexander White, George Mason, Governor
Randolph. Corbin, and Grayson, all answer.
Sir. could the shades of the great departed re-
spond, they would all reply * * You have expressed
its purpose as announced to us by James Madi-
son, and we assented to it as an e^enlial
power." They all participated in the debates
of the day, to which 1 now refer. I read from
Elliott's Debates in tho convention of Virginia
upon adopting the Constitution, on Friday,
June 13, 1788. The fourth and fifth sections of
the Constitution being under consideration—
" Mr. Monroe wished that thchonorable gentlemen
who had been in the Federal Convention would civo
infoinmtion respentins? the clause concerning elec-
tion-. He wished to know why Congress had an ul-
timate control over the time, place, and manner of
elections ot Ilepiesentativc?. and the time and man-
ner of that of Senators ; and also why there was an
exception as to the place of electing Senator.''
Mr. Madison, the father of the Constitution,
the correspondent and ftiend of Washington—
she colaborcrof Washin^tonfrom the hour they
became^nembcrs-elect of the convention to the
close of the adoption of its work by the peo-
ple—answered this searching question; and
the great statesmen whose names L have men-
tioned kit around and were satisfied with the
answer. No member of the convention took
exception to it. Mr. Madison said;
"Mr. Chnirman, the roa?on of the exception was,
thai if Congress >liou!d fix the place of chooMiig tho
Senators, it might compel tho State Legislature to
electthein in a different place from that of their usual
sessions which would produce some inconvenience,
and was not necessary for the object of regulating tho
elections. Eut it was necessary to give the General
Government a control over the time and manner of
choosing the Senators to prevent it- own dissolu-
tion."'
Mark the reason.
" With respect to the other poi nt, it wa=s thought that
the regulation of the time, place, and manner of
cicetms iteprescntatives should be uniform through-
out the continent. Sonic Sfjto^ might regulate the
elections on the principles of equality, and others
might resvt late them otheiwise. This divert ty would
be obviously unjust. Elections are reguh'ted now
unequally in some States, particularly {South Car-
olina. with re«pO"t to Charleston, whieh has a rep-
resentation of thirty members. Shovel thr people
of <<j' y Stu!/; by <ui\j i/icaiu be dojirived of tho ru/ht of
ivrh'ar/f^ It i'-aa jrolt/rtl ()rop< ,• that it shou'd be rerne-
(h< <1 by the (Joid'ol Gorerninnif. It was found impos-
sible to fix the time, place, and manner of the elec-
tion ot Kepreseiitative.^ in tiie Constitution. Ii was
found nccessary to leave the regulation of this, in the
jic-it p'tirt;, to the Statb Governments, as burnt? best ac-
quainted with tho situation ot the people, subject to
the "ontrol ojihe Gcivwil O'ovtr,a,t(.nt, in order to ena-
ble it to produce uniformitv and prevent its own dis-
solution. And considering the State government and
General Government as distinct bodies, acting in dif-
