2206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
happen to know, who has been manipulating
this thing through the country for the last six;
months as the agent of this incorporation. A
gentleman now in Chicago who had happened
to meet him once in the city of Washington,
got him to present the question to the Board of
Trade of Chicago. He met this Mr. Hill there,
accidentally, of course, who had been sent from
Boston on this errand at precisely the same
point of time. Between them they presented
the case to the Board of Trade, an ex parte
presentation, of course, and the resolutions
were adopted. You all know how these Boards
of Trade act upon matters of this kind. They
aid and assist sister Boards of Trade of other
cities in every matter that appears to be in the
aid of commerce. They do not investigate
with particular scrutiny the bill presented, but
take it on trust as it is presented to them by
the agent of the bill and adopt the resolutions
offered for the purpose of influencing mem-
bers of Congress. Now, 1 desire to say that a
measure which is just in itself and which com-
mends itself because of its justice to the good
sense and reason and patriotism of the people
of the country, requires 110 such adjuncts; it
requires no such lobbying j it does not require
that these missives should be placed upon the
desks of members of Congress upon the eve
of voting upon the measure in order to interest
them in it.
And, sir, when I find these galleries filled
with lobbyists; when I find these papers com-
ing to my desk day after day, sent in, as they
are, by men who are lobbying for the bill, that
is m itself enough to throw distrust upon the
measure. _ A Just measure does not require
these outside influences in order to aid it or to
commend it to the judgment, the good sense,
and the patriotism ol the Representatives of the
people.
I have made a computation of the amount
of money ibr which the United States will be-
come liable under this bill, and I find that that
amount, to be precise, is $0!),015,000. That
is the amount for which the Government will
become; liable if you pass this bill.
I propose now, sir, to examine the question
and see if there is any propriety, if there is any
justice, it there is any reason whatever, why the
Government should assume this great responsi-
bility. r
The original charter provides that this rail-
road company shall have twenty miles of land
st.iii> of land twenty miles wide wherever
the road passes through a State and forty miles
wide where it passes through the Territories—to
aid in the construction of this road. This grant
was made absolute; it was an absolute grant
of the land to this railroad company, what
value does the company itself place on those
lands? I hold in my hand the report of the
first board of directors that was organized
under that charter, and I will send it up to the
Clerk's desk to have an extract read.
A Memiikk. It has been read.
Mr. I' AHN SYV'O R TIT. Well, it will not hurt
anybody to read it again, but i doubt if it has
been read, ' ' l^ ^ the report of the first board
of directors, the report of Mr. Perham, the
president of the road, in reference to the value
ot the lands and the cost of construction. 1
send to the Clerk's desk and ask to have read
what 1 have marked showing the value of the
land and the cost of the road.
The Clerk road as follows:
, ,^° construct this road, Congress, by an act of Hic
last session, mado u most munificent grant Sf twenty
square miles ot land, or twelve thousand eight hun-
dred acres for each mile of the roa.l through WisooS-
sm Minnesota, and Oregon, and forty square miles
or twenty-five thousand six hundred acres forV^l,'
miieot the road through Dakota, MontanaIdaho
and Washington Territories, making an aggregate
of lorty-soven million three hundred and sixty thou-
sand acres for the whole grant
- These lands, when the road shall be built and the
business fairly started, including town and station
sites, would certainly average ten dollars per acre
making thesum of $173,000,000.
uonstriiotion of the road should cost
Si 1-W-1 11 •tho c'nl,u'° 005t ilt tili3 rate would be
5>i-i!,WU,00.J, leaving to the shareholders an excess of
..afluP- {.*rom hind* alone of £353.(500,000.
ihi# estimate of $60,000 per mil© us the cost of tho
April 26,
road was liberal, in view of the vast quantities of
material for its construction found along the route,
including exhaustless mines of iron of the bestquat-
ity, which could be turned into rails.
' And the estimate at ten dollars per acre as the
value of the land is reasonable, when those lands a re
compared with the grant made for the construction
of the Illinois Central railroad.
"The lands granted to this company have not been
culled and selected, but are emphatically new lands,
while the Illinois grant was of landswhicli had been
many years in the market, much of them having
been graded down to twelve andahalf cents per acre;
yet no sooner was the road completed than those
shilling land3atonee rose in value to twenty dollars,
thirty dollars, fifty dollars, and even $100 per acre,
and from them that road was now in successful oper-
ation.
"With perseverance and energy, backed by the
means at their command, this road could easily be
completed and. in full operation, with a telegraph
accompanying it, within seven years; and at this rate,
costing, as already estimated, $120,000,000, the pro-
ceeds of the lands would yield to the shareholders,
after reimbursing the whole of the original outlay,
more than ono hundred per cent, upon the capital,
leaving out of view the earnings of tho road."
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The House will no-
tice from this report of the railroad company
that they estimate the cost of constructing this
road at $60,000 per mile. And they further
say, that after the road is built and equipped,
there will be left a^ clear profit to the railroad
of §353,000,000, without any subsidy from the
Government in tho shape of money.
Gentlemen say that this report was got up
when they wanted to sell out. I presume it
was. And so the other report was got up when
they wanted to get some money from the Uni-
ted States Treasury. And if you cannot rely
upon the reports of the railroad company itself,
as to the value of tho franchises of this road,
I would like some gentleman to tell me upon
what we can rely.
I also hold in my hand the report of the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad of this House,
made in I860. The report was made by Hon.
Cyrus Aldrieh, of Minnesota, a man well ac-
quainted with the value of these lands, and of
this route, and who, 1 think, is one of the cor-
porators ol this road. In that report the com-
mittee say :
".'I'he undersigned, the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad, do not doubt that much of tilis distance can
be built for Jlii.OUO per mile, including a full equip-
ment."
^0W' if •'"ou oan build a good portion of this
road at $25,000 per mile, instead of $00,000.
as the railroad company estimates, and if the
rate of $00,000 a mile would leave a net prod-
uct of over $350,000,000, what would the net
product be at tho rate of $25,000 per mile?
Mr. GRINNELL. I do not believe that
estimate.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I believe it just as
much as 1 believe anything presented to this
House upon this subject, for it is official in
some respect. ^ We have not had much else
that was official. 1 do not know why we
should not believe this as well as any of these
other papers.
Mr. S TEVENS. If the statement the gen-
tleman has had read is true, would it not be an
excellent security for the guarantee asked?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, if it is not
true that the land is worth anything like the
estimate, then I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] what security you
would then have. The lauds are certainly
worth something or they are not.
Now, let us turn over the pages of another
pamphlet. Gentlemen say this was got up for
the purpose of selling outj but let us take up
a pamphlet which was got up for the purpose
of securing votes in this House and see what
it says. It was read yesterday at the request
oftlie gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delano;] but
I will call the attention of the House to it again.
The bill under consideration provides that
the Government, for guarantying this interest,
shall be secured by a lien upon the lands on
the south side of the road; or rather a lien
ujson the proceeds of the sales of those lands,
how, in the pamphlet in which this company
appeals to Congress for further aid this land '
is estimated at a value of $32,000 per mile, j
And mark you, that estimate includes only one i*
half the land that we have granted to this com- j!
pany; they estimate the land upon one side
of the road only at $32,000 per mile ; and that
is the amount of stqck upon which they ask the
Government to guaranty the interest. Well,
sir, if the land upon the south side of the
road is worth at the rate of $32,000 per mile,
I suppose the land on the north side of the
road is worth that also. I suppose no gentle-
man will claim that there is any difference in
the value of these lands, between those on the
south side of the road and those on the north
side of the road. Then the lands already
granted to this company are worth at the rata
of $64,000 a mile.
Well, sir, if they have a grant of lands worth
$64,000 per mile, why, in the name of common
sense, are they asking Congress for aid in the
shape of money? Sir, I am not going to con-
tradict the statement of this railroad company.
I shall not take issue with them as to the value
of this land. I am inclined to think that the
lands are worth the amount named, or very
near it. Then the question recurs, why do
they want this subsidy or guarantee? Why,
sir, they want it for the same reason that the
other company wanted land. They want it
for the purpose of speculation. They want it
that they in turn, like the other company, may
sell out.
The gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Wood-
bridge,] in giving yesterday a history of the
transfer of this charter from the one company
to the other, stated that the present company
were induced to make this purchase because
efforts to buy this charter were being made by
capitalists and others in Canada, who .were
promised the aid of capital from England to
construct this road. Well, sir, if their charter,
without any such assistance as this bill will
give them, was so valuable as to induce capi-
talists in Canada to attempt its purchase, it
will of course become more valuable when this
company get this further aid from the Govern-
ment of the United States. Capitalists in
Canada, England, or anywhere else do not seek
to buy a railroad charter unless they think there
is money in it. They do not engage in such
undertakings for the good of the country. Men
do not build railroads out of regard for the wel-
fare of the country. Capital does not seek
investmentupon the principle of benevolence.
You cannot find any benevolence in a man's
pocket. The pocket nerve is not a benevolent
nerve. It does not vibrate to tho touch of char-
ity. The pocket nerve is a sensitive nerve. It
is, too, a selfish nerve. Capital can only be
tempted to make investment where it will be a
benefit to the holder. These men who are lob-
bying here are not lobbying for the good of the
country. I never knew a man to come to
Washington and lobby for a bill of this kind on
account of the interest which he took in tho
welfare of the great West, although he may have
made that a pretense. We find men from New
England exhibiting suddenly a marked inter-
est in the welfare of the poor West, showing a
great anxiety that the West should be benefited.
Mr. DAWES. Let me suggest to the gentle-
man that ever since I can remember New Eng-
land men have been helping to build railroads
m the West.
.Mr. FARNSWORTH. But the gentleman
will not tell me that New England men who
have helped to build railroads in Illinois have
done so for the sake of Illinois. Massachusetts
capital has gone to Illinois and sought invest-
ment there for the sake of Massachusetts cani-
tal. I know that the people of New England
are a great and benevolent people. I know
that they are distinguished for their works of
charity, which are numerous and frequent. I
have great regard and great veneration for New
Jingland. I love it, not only because it is the
home of my ancestors, but because its virtues
entitle it to respect and reverence. But, sir,
the moneyed men of New England are like
moneyed men everywhere else; and when they
invest money in a railroad project they do it
because they think it will pay. They do not
do it from benevolent motives. So, too, when
the people of Canada, or'any other place, offer
