£166
THE.CUHG-ESSSIONAL -■ GLOJ3E.
June 14,
Bad.if it were an original question-, -I would not
go for more- than one to coin all the money for
the country.
I do not believe, sir, the Mint will ever be
removed from Philadelphia. It ista great com-
mercial center, and the machinery and mate-
rial we have there could not elsewhere be pro-
cured at a like cost.
I move to add the following to the- second
section:
Provided, That such salaries and compensation
shall not exceed that allowed for corresponding ser-
vice under existing laws relating to the Mint of the
United States and its branches.
• I demand the previous question.
Mr. McRUER. I would like to amend on
page 4, line twenty, by inserting the words
"by the Treasurer or Assistant Treasurer of
the United States so that these certificates
may be paid at the Treasury or by Assistant
Treasurers.
Mr. ALLISON. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. We provide they shall be paid at the
Mint at Philadelphia and at the branch mint
at San Francisco, and I think that is ample.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Allison's amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred on Mr. Henderson's
amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 41, nays 73, not voting
67 ; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Baker, Banks, Barker, Bidwell,
Blaine, Cobb, Cullom, Darling, Defrces, Dodge,
3>riggs, Duiriont, Farquhar, Harris, llendorson,
Higby.Asahel W. Hubbard, John If. Hubbard, James
M. Humphrey, Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykondall, La-
tham. Loan, Lynch, MoOlure, MoKee, Moulton,
Newell, Orth, Paine, Price. William H. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, John II. Rico, Sloan, l''rancis
Thomas, Robert, T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn,
Winclom, and Woodbridgo—-11.
NAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames, Ancona, Baldwin,
Bcnmun, Bergen, Bingham, lloutwell, Boyer, Broui-
well, Bucklaud, Bundy, ColIVotli, Cook, Davis, Law-
son, Delano, Dcnison, Eldridge, Eliot, Farnsworlh,
Mnck, Garfield, Ulossbrenner, Oridor, Urinnell, (iris-
wold, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abnor 0. Harding,
Holmes, Edwin N. Ilubbell, James It. Hubbeli,
Jcnckes, licUcy, Lnflin, Lo lilotid, Longyeur, Mar-
shall, Marvin, McCullough, Mcliuer. Mercur, Miller,
Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Myeis, Niblaclt, Niehol-
son, O'Neill, Porham, Plants, Samuel J. Randall,
Jlaymond, Ilittcr, ltoss,Sawyer, Sclionek. Sitffroavep,
Spalding, Stoveiw, ytrouse. Taylor, Thayer, John L.
lhomaa, Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Upsou,
Willinijl 1J Vj whburn, Whaloy, and Winftcld—73.
■ NjOl VOTIiNG-Mes-srs. Alley, Anderson, Delos
K. AMiloy, JiuucaM. Ashloy, Baxter,Benjamin, Blow,
BrandeKoo, Broomall, Chanlor, Header W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Conklinjr, Culver, Dawes, Doming,
Dixon. Donnelly, flcklcy, K^lestou, Jb'erry, Good-
yejir Hart, Hayes, Hill, ilog.ui, Hooper, liotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, J)emas llubbard, Hulburd,
.lamesHumphrey, Inverse)!!, Johnson, Jones, Juli;in,
Kasson, Kerr, Ueorpe V. Lawrence, William L.iw-
renco, Marston, Melndoo, Nocil, Patterson, Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, Kadford, llogors, Rollins, Itonsseau,
beoheld, yhanklin, Shcllabaiffcr, Smith, Starr, fitil-
well, labor, Van Aernain, Burt Van Ilorn, Ward
Warner. Klihu B. Washburne, Wclker, Wontworth,
Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
v\ right—0^
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. O'NEiLL. I desire to correct an error
made by the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Al-
lison.] He said that the expenditure for the
United States Mint at Philadelphia was $75,000
per annum. I do not wish to hear the extent
of the business of that Mint depreciated. It is
a very extensive institution, and is well con-
ducted, and the appropriation for the Mint
during the coming year is over $100,000.
Mr; ALLISON. I demand the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Mr. TAYLOR. I ask the gentleman if
there is not a mint already established in San
Francisco.
Mr. ALLISON". There is; but this is for an
assay office only.
Ihe previous question was seconded and" the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed,
Mr. ALLISON moved to reconsider the vote
by. which the bill was passed; and.also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL BANKS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, reported
a bill to amend an act entitled " An actio pro-
vide a national currency .secured by a pledge
of United States bonds, and to provide for the
circulation and redemption thereof, and for
other purposes;" which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and recom-
mitted, with leave to report at any time after
the morning hour.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I rise to a personal-
explanation. I was not well enough to be in
my seat yesterday when the joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
was acted upon. Had I been able to be here
I would have voted in favor of the resolution.
HOMESTEAD BILL.
Mr. JULIAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on House bill No. 85, for the disposal
of the public lands for homestead actual set-
tlement in the States of Alabama, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida, submitted
the following report:
Tho committee of conference on the di^aflrroeinf?
votes of tho two Houses on the bill (II. R. No. 85)
for the disposal of tlio public lands for homestead
actual settlement in the States of Alabama, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, Arkansas, and Florida, having
met, have, after full and free conferoncc, agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to the respective
Houses as follows:
1. That tho Senate recede from tho first amend-
ment of the Senate, striking out on page 1 all after
the words "sixty-four" in lino eight to the word
"and" in lino twelve, and that the words thus
restored be amended by inserting on page 1, lino
eight, after the word "that" tho words "until tho
expiration of two yoars from and after the passage
of this act."
2. That the Senate recede from the sccond amend-
ment of the Senate.
3. That the House agree to the third amendment
of the Senate with an amendment, asfollows: that
at the end of the sccond section of the bill, as tho
same passed the Senate, shall bo added tho following
proviso: "Provided, That until thclst day of January,
18B7, any person applying for the benefit of this act,
shall in addition to the oath hereinbeforo required,
also moke oath that ho has not borne arms against tho
United States or given aid and com tort to its enemies."
S. J. KIRK WO.OD,
HENRY WILSON,
GAURISTT DAVIS.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
GE0KGE W. JULIAN,
JOHN II. RICE,
S. E. ANCONA,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of tho committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.  
The latter motion was agreed to.
BERKELEY AND JEVPERSON COUNTIES.
Mr. F. THOMAS. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to report back, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, House joint resolution No. 120, to
extend to tho counties of Berkeley and Jeffer-
son, of West Virginia, the provisions of the act
approved July 4, 18G4, entitled ''An act to
restrict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of certain de-
mands for quartermaster's stores and subsist-
ence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States." This joint resolution becomes
necessary, because there is some difference of
opinion as to the time when the counties named
became part of the State of "West Virginia. The
object is to settle that date.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. LATHAM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that tho motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WINONA AND ST. PETEIl's RAILROAD.
Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to authorize the Winona and
St. Peter's Railroad Company to construct a
bridge across the Mississippi river, and to es-
tablish a post route ; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to tho Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
CIIANCiE OS REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. WINDOM, by unanimous
consent, the Committee on Indian Affairs was
dischaiged from the further consideration of
joint resolution of the Senate No. 87, to pro-
vide for the payment of bounties to certain
Indian regiments ; and the same was referred
to tho Committee on Military Affairs.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
their Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed a joint resolution and bill
of the House of the following titles, the former
withoutamendment and the latter with amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House:
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 143) making an
appropriation for the repair of the Potomac
bridge; and
An act (H. R. No. 213) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing the SCth of June, 1807.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had jiassed bills and a joint resolu-
tion of the following titles, in which he was
directed to ask the concurrence of the House:
An act (S. No. 300) to regulate tho appoint-
ment of paymasters in the Navy and explana-
tory of an act for the better organization of the
pay department of the Navy;
An act (S. No. 308) granting a pension to
Mrs. Margaret A. Farran; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 05) explanatory
of and in addition to the act of May 5, 1864,
entitled '"An act granting lands to aid in the
construction of certain railroads in Wisconsin."
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
On motion of Mr. SPALDING, by unani-
mous consent, bill of the House No. 213,
making appropriations for the legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial expenses of the Gov-
ernment for the year ending the 30th of June,
18(57, with the amendments of the Senate thereto,
was taken from the Speaker's table and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
COMMUTATION OF RATIONS.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Itemized. That the Secretary of War bo instructed
to inform this House whether commutation of rations
has been allowed soldiers while prisoners of war, and
if allowed, whether such allowanco has at any time
been suspended, and if suspended, for what reasons.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The House then resumed, as the special
order, the consideration of bill of the House
No. 543, to restore to the States lately in rebel-
lion their full political rights, npon which Mr.
Wisdom was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WINDOM. Mr. Speaker, after the
thorough discussion this question has received
I can hardly expect to add anything new. But
at a time like this silence is akin to cowardice ;
indifferenee^ is treason. The great struggle
through which we are passing is of a two-
fold character—it is a war of principles as well
as of material forces. The latter is ended and
our triumph is complete ; but the conflict of
principles still rages with increased vigor.
Rebels vanquished in the field are encouraged
from unexpected quarters to renew the contest
in other and more dangerous forms. Foiled
in their mad attempt to overthrow the Repub-
lic by force, they now hope to accomplish it
by political strategy. In 18C0 two modes of
destroying the Government were considered
by them. One was to rebel and by force of
arms disrupt it; the other was to remain in
