1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3107:
their places of power, and, as they said, "fight
it from the inside." Their councils were for
a time divided as to which of these modes
would be the more efficient and practicable.
The "inside" policy would doubtless have
prevailed had not a few hot-heads precipitated
the decision by inaugurating open rebellion,
thus compelling the more discreet to fol-
low. The promise of Democratic leaders at
the North to aid and assist them in maintain-
ing the right of secession did much to induce
the attempt; and the last Democratic Presi-
dent (James Buchanan) did what he could to
make good that promise. But the people arose
in the sublime majesty of their power and de-
manded the preservation of their Government.
A storm of patriotic indignation swept overtho
country. These same Democratic leaders
quailed before it, and instead of armed sup-
port, gave only the aid and comfort of their I
sympathy and secret conspiracies. Rebellion
having failed through the inability of those
allies to keep their pledges, the rebels now pro-
pose to try the other mode, namely, to take
their seats in Congress and carry 011 the con-
test "from the inside." In this they have
renewed assurances of aid from the North.
Once more the people are called upon to pre-
serve the Republic against the treachery of
pretended friends and the machinations of
avowed enemies. Their response is by no
means uncertain. Already it has been heard
in tones which those in high places would do
well to heed. What we have heard is only the
muttering of the distant storm which will soon
break with fury upon the heads of those who
are false to their trust. The loyal people have
suffered too much and understand too well the
issues of the hour to be deceived by demagogues
or traitors. They will demand nothing Cor
vengeance, but everything for security. Their
generosity is unbounded, but it will not yield
an iota ot' principle.
The issues which now distract the country
could have been easily avoided. 'The con-
flict of principles might have ceased with the
conflict of arms. When Leo surrendered the
rebels understood it to be an entire surrender
of the "cause" and of the principles upon
which it was based. They did not doubt the
right or the determination of the-Government
to insist upon this, and knowing that by treason
and rebellion they had justly forfeited life and
property, both of which were at the mercy of
the victors, they were quite willing to purchase
these by yielding to any just demands. They
felt that, having staked everything upon the
wager of battle and having lost, it was the
right of the conqueror to impose terms and the
duty of the conquered to submit. They under-
stood well the principles of liberty and equal
rights, for which the nation had contended,
and they anticipated such terms and condi-
tions as would forever guaranty them. Had
the President then called an extra session of
Consrrohs, and upon consultation with the peo-
ple, through 1 heir llepresentatives, agreed upon
and demanded such terms, they would have
been gladly accepted, and the whole country
would have long ago rejoiced in peace. Just
here was committed the fatal blunder which
has led to all our present troubles, and which
bids fair to disturb and agitate the political
elements for years to come. Reconstruction
and reconciliation were then plain and easy.
Now thev are complicated and difficult. The
President's intentions, as disclosed by his
speeches, at that time wore right. He "hated
treason, and declared it should be made
"odious." He despised trailors, and said
they should be " punished.'' Those were brave
aud patriotic words, and they found a hearty
lesponse in every loyal breast. But daring all
the last summer and autumn he suffered him-
self to be surrounded by pardon-seeking reb-
els, who filled his audience room, crowded the
ante-chuinbers, halls, and lobbies of the White
House, and knelt before him, with well-dis-
sembled loyally on their lips, while treason
rankled in their breasts. He believed their
assurances, and was flattered and deceived.
His hatred was turned to compassion, his dis-
trust to confidence.
"Vice is a monster of such hideous mien.
As, to be hated, needs but to be seen;
Yet seen too oft, familiar with her face,
We first endure, then pity, then embraco."
Having persuaded the Executive and a por-
tion of his Cabinet that their policy of recon-
struction is the only proper and constitutional
one, the rebels now seek, through the aid of
their old party associates at the North, to im-
pose it upon the country. Against this policy
the majority in Congress protests, anddemands
one which is approved by the loyal people.
Briefly stated, the real issue between the rebels
and Congress is, shall the principles for which we
sacrificed a quarter ofamillion precious lives and
untold millions of public treasure be abandoned
at th ('dictation of traitors? The rebels say "yes;"
Congress answers "110." Shall vanquished trai-
tors be permitted through their representatives
in Congress to seize upon the Government they
have tried to destroy, and thereby accomplish
by political strategy what they have failed to
do by courage in the field? The rebels insist
upon it; Congress protests. litis the Govern-
ment a right to demand of traitors, as a condi-
tion-precedent to their full restoration to polit-
ical power, such guarantees as will insure its
own safety, guard its honor, and protect its hum-
blest defender in all the rights of citizenship?
Congress asserts that, light. The rebels deny
it, and insolently demand immediate aud un-
conditional restoration as one ol' their consti-
tutional rights. Khali the rebellious States comc
back with largely increased political powers, as
the result and reward of treason, or shall the
Constitution bo so amended as to make the
basis of representation just and equitable, aud
thereby place the Northand South on an exact
equality in this respect ? Congress says it shall
be so amended. The rebels say it shall not,
and that they are entitled to come back at once
without terms or conditions of any kind.
How far the rebel policy has been impressed
upon the Administration may lie seen by refer-
ence to the President's last annual message,
his veto of the Freedmcn's Bureau bill, his 22d
of Febntaiy speech, and his veto of the civil
rights bill, all of which he has declared to be
the authoritative enunciations of his policy.
Interpreted by these utterances, that policy
declares: first, that inasmuch as the acts of
secession are void and the withdrawal of a State
from the Union is legally impossible, the rebel-
lious States have never lost their places as
States ill the Union, and that tlicy therefore
are, and constantly have been, entitled to all
the rights, privileges, and immunities apper-
taining to any State, among which is the right
of the people to immediate representation in
Congress without the exaction of any condi-
tion whatever; second, that as representation
and taxation are inseparable, Congress has 110
right, to impose the one until it grants the other;
third, that it is a grave question whether any
laws affecting the interests of the people of those
States can be constitutionally enacted so long
as they are denied representation in Congress;
fourth, that the Executive alone is authorized
to investigate and decide all questions apper-
taining to the internal condition and Federal
relations of those States; that the people,
through their representatives in Congress, arc
entitled to 110 voice on the subject of recon-
struction, except that "each Ilonso may judge
of the election, returns, aud qualifications of
its own members;" but that this right is no
broader when applied to an applicant for a seat
from a disloyal than to one from a loyal State ;
that, therefore, in appointing a joint commit-
tee "to inquire into the condition of those
States," andinto the loyalty or disloyalty of their
people, and their consequent fitness or unfit-
ness to participate in the administration of
the Government, Congress has flagrantly tran-
scended its powers, usurped executive prerog-
atives, anil contumaciously hindered and ob-
structed the reunion of the States; fifth, that
the freedmen of the South, whom we called
upon to defend us in the day of our great
peril, to whom we gave the solemn assur--.
ance of national protection as well as free-
dom, and who, trusting our plighted honor,
fought with us for the nation's life, shall have
no protection for their persons or their prop-
erty, and no civil or political rights cxcept. such
as the authorities of their respective States
may choose to crctend to them, and that "they
shall have no voice in the selection of those
authorities ; that loyal white men, who have
suffered and fought for the Union, shall have
110 political advantages over rebels who have
wickedly attempted its overthrow.
The central, governing principle of this pol-
icy, from which its other elements spring as
branches from the parent trunk, is found in
the declaration that the rebellious States are,
and constantly have been, entitled to all the
rights, privileges, and immunities of any State,
and that, consequently, the people thereof are
entitled to demand immediate representation
in Congress, without any conditions whatever.
The President is good enough to inform us
that he as Commander-in-Chief of the Army
and Navy lias required of them certain terms
with which they have complied, namely, the
adoption of the anti-slavery amendment, the
repudiation of the confederate debt, aud the
abrogation of their secession ordinances; that
110 other terms are necessary or proper, and
therefore he and the rebels have fully per-
foi mod the work of reconstinction; that he has
guarantied to those States a republican form
of government, as required by the Constitution
of the United Slates. He further declares,
through his Secretary of State, that reconcil-
iation and not reconstruction is now the obli-
gation resting upon us. That Congress has no
duty to perform in the premises but to admit
at once the Senators aud Representatives from
the South, aud thereby complete the woik of
reconciliation.
Jt is true that to Congress is generally con-
ceded the right to examine and judge of the
credentials of an applicant for a seat, in crder
to ascertain whether they are in proper form,
and also to inquire if he has a majority of the'
votes cast in Ins district, and if lie is of proper
ago. But we are by 110 means to ask anything
about the kind of government, established in
the State from which he comes, or the char-
acter of the people who send him to represent
them. Having ascertained that his credentials
are formal, that he is twenty-five years of age,
and has a majority of all the votes cast in his
district, we are to be permitted to administer
to him an oath to support the Constitution of
the United States. When we shall have done
this much, and brought back all the southern
llepresentatives, it is supposed we will lie once
more in the full enjoyment of the blessings of
complete restoration, peace, and union.
This grand panacea for all our political ills
is based upon the theory that the people who
attempted by violence and perjury to destroy
the Government, who waged a most wicked
and diabolical four years' war for the estab-
lishment of a slaveholding empire upon the
ruins of the Republic, who murdered our sol-
diers in cold blood, who fired oar hotels tilled
with women and children, who starved our
soldiers to death in loathsome prison-pens,
within sight of storehouses groaning with con-
federate supplies, who policed the fountains
of life by knowingly inoculating piisoners with
the virus of a nameless disease which will
scourge them to their graves and entail untold
sufferings upon their innocent offspring, who
laid down their arms only when our victorious
bayonets were at their throats, and who, when
professing to accept the issues ot war, assassi-
nated the nation's honored chief—that this peo-
ple, without any evidences of repentance, but
with every indication of sorrow for the "lost
cause," and of bitter hatred toward the Gov-
ern meat .and its defenders, have suddenly be-
come sufficiently loyal to be trusted with all
the rights and franchises they have renounced
and forfeited; that in "accepting the situa-
tion" they have entitled themselves to step at
otico, unquestioned, from the rebel congress
