1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2207
their money for tie purchase of a railroad
charter, they do it because they think there is
money in it. They do not in such matters act
from motives of benevolence.
Sirj if the people of New England are so
full of regard for the interests of the people of
the West, I advise them to invest their capital
rather in the construction of a canal which
shall furnish transportation for some of our
grain, relieving our plethoric and overburdened
granaries. By such a work as that, millions
of people would be benefited where only thou-
sands would receive advantage from this
Northern Pacific railroad.
Mr. DAWES. We propose to do both.
Mr. FAENS WORTH. Well_, sir, the Treas-
ury is not just now in a condition to warrant
us in trying to do everything; and as there is
sometimes a choice of evils, so there is a choice
of benefits. When we cannot do all at once
the various works which commend themselves
to our judgment by the good results expected
from them, we must select that which will
accomplish the greatest good, and do that
first.
Why, Mr. Speaker, many people seem to
suppose it is practicable and feasible for the
Government to undertake to build three sep-
arate railroads to the Pacific ocean. The argu-
ment is made here, inasmuch as we have granted
subsidies to the Central Pacific railroad, that
therefore we should treat all others in like
manner- I do not see the force of that argu-
ment. Whether it was right and proper or not
to make the grant to the Central Pacific rail-
road does not affect the propriety of making
this grant. If it were wrong to make the grant
to the Central Pacific railroad that does not
make it right to make a grant to the Northern
Pacific railroad. If it were right to make the
grant to the Central Pacific railroad it does
not follow that therefore we should make a
grant to any other.
In my judgment the country does not de-
mand it, nor is it feasible or practicable at the
present time to undertake the building of more
than one road to the Pacific. I do not believe
it is practicable or feasible to build a railroad
four or five hundred miles through a country
not inhabited. I do not believe you can ever
build or run a road over a country for that dis-
tance where there are no inhabitants. As fast-as
the country becomes inhabited, as fast as it is
peopled, then they may want a railroad. As
fast as it is peopled the lands will come into
market and become valuable. But to under-
take at the present time to put roads through,
to force them through in the short space of
time contemplated by this act, is impractica-
ble.
Nor do I believe, Mr. Speaker, that the
commerce of the country at the present time
demands more than one road. I think the
Government had better with the $17,000,000
called for by this act dig a ship-canal across
the Isthmus to connect the waters of the At-
lantic with the Pacific. It certainly would be
better to do that than to build a second road.
Heavy freights will not go by land to the
pacific. Heavy freights will seek water
communication. They will always be trans-
ported by water.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I understand that in
the summer season there is to be water com-
munication by this line across Lake Superior,
and that in the winter season it is to be north
of Lake Superior.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. There is to be water
communication in the summer season only. It
will be very much better to build a ship-canal
across the Isthmus, for then you will have water
communication all the year round for ships to
sail from ocean to ocean.
Another reason why I think it is not neces-
sary nor practicable to undertake the construc-
tion of another Pacific railroad at this time is
this: it requires only three hundred miles of rail
to make a complete line of water and rail com-
munication from Salt Lake City to Portland
in the State of Oregon. All you require is the
construction of three hundred miles of railroad
from Salt Lake to the head of navigation on the
Columbia river. If it is necessary, therefore,
that we shall have a railroad to Oregon and the
waters of the Columbia river, it is much more
feasible to build a branch road from Salt Lake
City to Salt Lake, and then from the other end
of Salt Lake extending through to connect with
the head of navigation on the Columbia river.
There you have a good country. Such a route
passes through the Territory of Idaho, a rich,
growing, and flourishing Territory. You get
then from the main stem or the main trunk of
the Central Pacific railroad two arms to the
Pacific ocean, one to San Francisco and the
other to Portland, Oregon.
But at the same time I think it is not practi-
cable or feasible to undertake at this time to
build more than one road to the Pacific. I
repeat what I said before, I am in favor at the
earliest practicable moment when the country
demands it of building two, four, or ten rail-
roads to the ^Pacific. I am willing to make a
liberal grant of land to aid in the construction
of those roads. But I am not willing to give
my vote to render the Government liable to
the extent of $GS),000,000 in the present de-
ranged financial condition of the country. I
am not willing to put the Government under a
liability of $09,000,000 for what I consider at
the present time unnecessary.
This is aside from my objection to this bill,
which is that it is a speculative measure. We
were told by the chairman when he reported
this bill two years ago that land and land alone
would build this road; that this company only
wanted land; that they would not call upon the
Government for money.
We find that that company was organized;
and wc are told now, not by authority, but by
what I suppose may be regarded'as the author-
ized mouth-piece of the company here, by the
gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Woodbridge.]
that that company lias sold out their charter
for what little money they had expended. But
I have seen no o'fficial report of any moneys
expended by this company. I have seen no
report of any survey made by the company. I
suppose it does take money to raise the wind,
as it is called. I suppose money is expended
in getting up companies, in getting their char-
ters, in lobbying, in traveling over the coun-
try to procure the indorsement of Boards of-
Trade. If these are the expenditures to which
the gentleman referred, to reimburse which they
sold out this charter, I wish he would say so;
but as for any .other expenditure in the way of
survey or the locating of the road or the com-
mencement of work upon the road, we have
certainly no knowledge of it.
They have not commenced the work. That
is shown by the provision which they have in-
serted in this bill that the commencement of
a survey in good faith shall be taken to be
the commencement of the work within the
meaning of the bill. The original bill provided
that the charter should become void and that
they should forfeit all right under it if they
did not commence the work within two years.
" Work "—it is generally understood what that
means. To commence making the railroad-
that is commencing the work. They come now
to Congress and ask that we shall insert in
their charter a provision that when they send
out a surveyor in good faith to commence the
survey that shall be considered a commence-
ment of the work, although they may not break
ground for years afterward.
Now, sir, I would like to know, I wish some
gentleman would tell me, who is to be the
judge as to when they commence this survey
in good faith; who is to be the judge of the
bona fides of this survey? Is it the President
of the United States or the president of the
company, or is it Congress V And if Congress
is to judge of this, upon what evidence are we
to base our judgment? The commencement
of the survey in good faith? Why, I suppose, '
then, if they hire a surveyor and send him out '
to survey a mile of land on the supposed route, |
it is such a commencement of the survey of the !
road as is sufficient to save the charter.
Mr. HENDERSON. That would not be in
good faith.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My friend says that
would not be in good faith. Sir, who is to
judge whether it is or not? The surveyor goes
on, and the company says it is in good faith.
The surveyor produces his instruments and
chains; you see they are surveying. Who is
to judge of the good faith? Is my friend from
Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] to judge of the
survey ?
Mr. DAWES. The American people aro
to judge.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. The great American
people are to judge, says the gentleman from
Massachusetts. Upon what evidence are they
to pass their judgment? Here is a question of
forfeiture. They shall forfeit their charter if
they do not commence the work in good faith.
They commence a survey, and whether it is in
good faith or not nobody can tell but them
selves.
Mr. DRIGGS. If the survey is never made
and the work never commenced, of course there
will be no obligation on the part of the Gov-
ernment to issue the bonds. I cannot see how
that affects the question.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I see how it affects
the question before us distinctly. I have not
the slightest idea that this company propose
to build this road. I suppose they come here
to get this provision put into this bill in order
to sell out their obligation in turn to some other
company perhaps more greedy still than them-
selves. The question might have been asked
two years ago, who will buy this? We find it
is bought for $160,000, although no ground has
been broken. Now, if this charter was worth
$ 1C0,000 before a spade was put into the ground,
before a mile of the road was located, what
would it be worth afterthe Government assumes
$70,000,000 of indebtedness to aid in its con-
struction, and after we all know these other
provisions are in the bill which will give then)
a still longer time to operate 1 Why, sir, it will
be worth, as they say themselves, millions upon
millions. I would rather have this franchise
after this bill has passed for speculation than
to have the property of William B. Astor or
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Dodge.]
[Laughter.]
It is for this reason I do not believe there
is any good faith in this company. At the
same time I am not attacking the officers
here, nor do I propose to do so. I believe
many of them are good men, but they have
been manipulated like these Boards of Trade
and these men who have been going through
the country.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ I would ask the gen-
tleman if he did not in times past have a
personal difficulty with Colonel Rowland.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I am not aware that
if there were anything of that sort it would
have anything to do with this bill; but I assure
the gentleman that there is nothing of that
kind. I simply know from personal observa-
tion that this man Rowland is a mere advent-
urer, and I state it upon my responsibility as a
member of this House, and can prove it, either
"here or elsewhere." [Laughter.] I use
the words either in a "technical" or an un-
technical sense. [Laughter.] I have only
spoken of him because he has been the agent
of this enterprise, and when they come to me
through such unclean channels I am not going
to vote for schemes of this kind. It makes
me distrust the whole thing.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I think I
understood that there was security for the
money advanced by the Government in the
lands granted upon the southern side of the
road. Now, I dispute that. I haveexamined
the bill, and according to my understanding
there is no security for the Government con-
tained in it. The bill contains no limit tipon
j the terms of sale of those lands, nor as to the
character of the persons who may buy them,
nor as to the rates at which they are to be sold.
It' they should be sold to individuals connected
with the corporation, it would be a substantial
