1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fcrcnt and independent capacities for the people, it
was thought the particular regulations siiould be
submitted to the former and the general regulations
to llio latter. Were they exclusively under (he contiol
of the State povprmnentft the General Government might
easily be dissolved. But if they bo regulated properly
by the State Legislatures, the congressional control
will very probably never be exereieed. The power ap-
pears to me satisfactory and as unlikely to be abused
as any part of the Constitution."
What one of the great men whom I have
named,and who participated in that.day' s debate,
dissented from that doctrine ? What other mem-
ber of that convention of great Virginians
questioned it? Not one; arid Mr. Monroe fol-
lowed by asking an explanation of the clause
which prohibits cither Plouse, duringthe session
of Congress, from adjourning for more than
three days without the consent of the other. It
was the undoubted opinion of the Slate of Vir-
ginia that the question, which our excellent
President assumes to be one beyond a doubt,
was settled by the express language of the Con-
stitution right the other way. Had Washington
dissented from this view he would nothave failed
to have made his dissent known. He doubtless
concurred in this opinion of his distinguished
and confidential eolaborer.
A word or two to my colleague about confid-
ing matters to the will of the majority by deny-
ing a voice to the minority. I was brought up
in the Democratic party. I honor and adhere
most loyally to the teachings of its fathers and
early leaders, and gladly go as to a pure fount-
ain, with which I am thoroughly familiar, to the
writings of James Madison for guidance on
points like these. Speaking, in aletterto James
Monroe, from Philadelphia, October 5, 1786,
of a "certain measui'e," which he does not
name, he says:
" Should the measure triumph under the patronage
of nine States, or even of the whole thirteen, I shall
never bo convinced that it is expedient, because I
cannot conceive it to be just."
I do not wonder that my colleague^ who is
much younger than I am, should think that
justice is not a proper standard for Democratic
legislators to adopt; but in the good old times
they often did it.
"There is no maxim,in my opinion, which is more
liable to be misapplied, and which, therefore, more
needs elucidation, than the current one, that the in-
terest of the majoiity is the political standard of right
and wrong. Taking the word 'interest' as synony-
mous with 'ultimate happiness,' in which sense it
is qualified with every necessary moral ingredient,
the proposition is no doubt true. But taking it in the
popular sense, as referring to immediate augmenta-
tion of property and wealth, nothing can be more
false. In the latter sense, it would he the interest of
the majority in every community to despoil and en-
slave the minority ot individuals." «■>■ *
" In fact, it is only reestablishing, under another
name and a more specious form, force as the measure
of right."
I stand by Madison against all the modern
Democratic leaders. Sir, what has been the re-
sult of leaving these people in voiceless and
powerless subjection to the rule of .the majority
here in this District? Let them speak through
their own memorial presented to this House. I
will read but a brief part of it, remarking that it
was drawn up by a colored man:
"Wo arc intelligent enough to be industrious, to
have accumulated property, to build and sustain
churches and institutions of learning. We areand
have been educating our children without the aid of
any school fund, and until recently had for many-
years been furnishing, unjustly as we deem, a portion
of the means for the education of the white children
of the District."
Is it not possible that a majority may per-
petrate an injustice? Does is not seem that one
has been persistently perpetrating an injustice?
But to the petition again:
"We are intelligent enoughto be amenable to the
same laws and punishable alike with others for the
infraction ot said laws. Wc sustain as fair a charac-
ter on the records of crime and statistics of pauper-
ism as any other class in the community, while un-
equal laws are continually barring our way in the
effort to reach and possess ourselves of the blessings
attendant upon a life of industry and self-denial and
of virtuous citizenship."
And again:
" Exp erience likewise teaches that that dehasem ent
is most humane which is most complete. Thepossos-
sion of only a partial liberty makes us more keenly
sensible of the injustice of withholding thosoother
rights which belong to a porfeet manhood. Without
the right of suffrage we are without protection and
liable to combinations of outrage. Petty officers of
the law, respecting the source of power, will naturally
defer to the onchaving avote, and the partiality thus
shown will work much to the disadvantage of the
colored citizens."
Sir, the rule of a majority not qualified bj; the
power of the minority to resist is a despotism.
The gentleman talks about a republican form
of Government existing without the vital princi-
ples of a republic, and I again ask him to turn
to and consult the Democratic fathers on that
subject. I fear he is not familiar with them.
Mr. Madison, in a debate in the Virginia con-
vention, which I find reported on page 310 of
third volume Elliot's Debates, points out the
distinction between a nominal and a real repub-
lic. He says:
"Holland is a favorite quotation with the honora-
ble members on tho other side of the question. Had
not their sentiments been discovered by other circum-
stances, I should have concluded irom their reason-
ing on this occasion that they were friends of the
Constitution; I should suppose they had forgotten
which side of the question they were on. Holland has
boon called a republican Government, friendly to lib-
erty. Though it may be greatly superior to other
Governments in Europe, still it is not a republic or a
democracy. Their legislature consists, in some de-
gree, of men who legislate for life. Their council con-
sists of men who hold their offices for life, who fill up
offices and appoint their salaries. The people ha veno
agent, mediate or immediate, in tho Government."
So far as these educated, industrious, tax-
paying, school-sustaining, church-building peo-
ple of this District are concerned, they are shut
out of our democratic Republic as the people
of Holland were. How bitterly would Madi-
son, unimpassioned as he was, kave denounced
such treachery to the essential principle of re-
publicanism—universal suffrage.
Sir, I am trespassing, perhaps, at too great
length, but I am a proud man as an American
citizen, whatever I may bo personally. I boast
of the resources, the powers, the extent of my
country, and the enduring character of its insti-
tutions, and of the fair and generous character
of my countrymen. I cannot bear to be goaded
and taunted by those whom I treat as interiors,
with the assertion that in the hour of my dan-
ger, when 1 refused or was unable to fight, they
took up my battle and healed my wounded
honor. The negroes fought for me, and Cod
forbid that they should ever taunt me, or my
descendants with the fact that I was an ingrate
to the soldiers of the Republic.
I hold in my hand a little verse inscribed
AFRICA TO AMERICA.
In tho dav of thy need I have battled for thee;
At the hour of thy triumph tliou knowest not me.
My blood led thy livcis, it crimsoned thy sea.;
Yet an outcast am I in the " Land of tho Free."
The hand that the sword sped the pen may not hold;
Benumbed is the tongue which the war march con-
trolled:
And tho toot that stood firm when the cannon ball
rolled,
Must liec from tho spot where the ballot is polled.
Thy friond was my friend, and thy foe was my foe;
Yet to-day not a friond in thy councils I know.
To the grave marched my slain with a tread not as
slow
As the course of the justice thy servants bestow.
The life which 'twixt thy life and treason's dart Hew,
Is felled 'neath thy flag by tho traitorous crew,
To the soul that no love but its country's love knew,
Nor statute, nor scripture, nor conscience is true.
Sir, I cannot bear the thought that that poem
should 1)0 repeated by African lips in my hear-
ing "with truth ; or at least that i shall not be
able to respond, "That disgrace attaches only
to the vulgarly arrogant or iguorantly debased
people of our country ; the good, wise, and true
are all laboring to obliterate and efface it.
Can one reason be suggested for withholding
from the Africo-American citizens of this Dis-
trict the right of suffrage essential to republican
institutions, to the maintenance of '; funda-
mental principles oftheRevolution," and "dan-
gerous," as Jefferson said, "to only tyrants?''
No. And, sir, 1 he Republican members of Con-
gress are not the only legislators who are plead-
ing for the enfranchisement of the laboring
man. Our contest is broader than our conti-
nent. We are fighting for and the Democratic
party against the enfranchisement of the labor-
ing men of Great Britain.
The same question that pends before us hangs
upon a hair m the entranced gaze of the labor-
ing masses of what we too fondly call "the
mother country." I ask my colleague, who
spoke so kindly of the German, the English-
man, the Scotchman, andthelrishman, whether
he is willing to send across the ocean an en-
couraging word to the despots of the British
Government, and to set an example which will
justify them in saying, "We will withhold from
the laboring people this right, for the great
democratic republic country has had the ques-
tion under discussion, and has decided that
people poor and ignorant as are our laboring
classes ought not to have the right of suffrage ?'
If gentlemen on the other side do, they will
hear songs fiat were not sung in the '' Groves
of Blarney."
[Here the hammer fell. ]
Mr. KELLE Y. I have but a few words more
to say.
Mr. OltTH. I move that the time of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ket.ley] be
extended, so as to enable him to conclude his
remarks on this subject.
No objection was made.
Mr. KELLEY. With thanks to the House
for its courtesy, I will continue for a few min-
utes to plead the cause of the oppressed of .all
lands. I plead, Mr. Speaker, and members of
the American Congress, with you, to help to
enfranchise the laboring people of Great Brit-
ain. When John Bright uttered his recent
speech a deputation of them sat before him and
he alluded to them, And I point around these
galleries to the maimed and wounded soldiers
of the armies of America, whose skin is not
colored like our own. I point to intelligent
men, black and yellow, descendants of the kings
of Dahomey and of American Congressmen,
Senators, Presidents, and Cabinet ministers,
and ask you to give them, as laboring people
and republican soldiers, the rights of citizen-
ship. J olm Bright said ;
"Let, mo now put to you. before I sit down, a single
proposition, and through these gentlemen who sit be-
low me, to whom freedom in this country is so greatly
and so constantly indebted, let me put it to the peo-
ple of this kingdom, if of the five millions who are
now shut out one million wore admitted—and you
will mark the extreme, some will say blamable, mod-
eration of that suggestion—if only one million were
admitted, would not the cry of tho toil-laden and the
suffering, which even now ascends to heaven—would
it not, flunk you, roach further, be heard even on the
floor of Parliament? Fordo not forget that tho ear
of the Supreme is nearer even to the lowliest of us
than is that of our earthly rulers. But if that voice
was heard in Parliament would it not, perchance, do
something to still tho roar of faction, and to bend the
powers of statesmanship to the high and holy pur-
poses of humanity and of justice?
" I speak not tho language of party. I feel myself
above the level of party. I speak as I have ever en-
deavored to speak on behalf of tho unenfranchised,
thealmostvoicelcssmillionsofiny countrymon. Their
claim is just, and it is constitutional. It will be heard,
it cannot be rejected. To tho outward eye monarchs
and Parliaments seem to rule with an absolute and
unquestioned sway; but, and I quote the wordswhich
one of our old Puritan poets has left for us—
"'There is on earth a yet auguster thing,
Veiled though it be, than Parliament or king.
"That angustor thing is the tribunal which God
has set up in the consciences of men. It is before that
tribunal that I am now permitted humbly to plead,
and there is something in my heart—a small but an
exultant voice—which tells me I shall not plead m
vain."
Mr. ROGERS obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. With tho permission
of the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rog-
ers,] 1 will now move an adjournment.
Mr. ROGERS. I have no objection.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
House adjourn.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Asiii.kt] yield to me a moment?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. RAYMOND. I introduced two bills
yesterday, one in regard to naturalization, and
the other in relation to the New York city
post office. I ask the consent of this House
that they be printed.
No objection was made, and the bills were
accordingly ordered to be printed.
And then, on motion of Mr. ASHLEY, the
House (at four o'clock and twenty ruinates p.
m.) adjourned.
