3168
June 14,
atsd the rebel camps into the_ halls of legisla-
tion to make laws for (he Republic which they-'
have so recently tried in vaih to destroy; to
become the guardians of our widows; orphans,
and disabled soldiers, and custodians of all the
civil and political rights'of the humble colored
patriots whom they held in slavery as long- as
they could.
But it is claimed by some of its- supporters
that this policy'demands the admission of loyal'
Representatives only, without regard to: the
character of their constituencies. Unfortu-
nately the term "loyalty" seems to have ac-
quired an exceedingly doubtful meaning: The
South use it to define a faithful adherence to
rebellion and treason. A certain class of
northern Democrats mean by it all manner of
opposition to the war for the Union, an un-
wavering sympathy with its enemies so long
as they had any hope of success in the field,
and since their failure there a determination
to restore them to power in the Government.
The President in his 22d of February speech
defines a loyal man to be one who acknowl-
edges his allegiance to the Government and
swears to support the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, and adds by way of further expla-
nation, "Ho (the rebel) cannot do this in good
faith unless lie is loyal. No amplification of
the oath can make any difference ; it is mere
detail, which 1 care nothing about." By this
definition, then, an acknowledgment of alle-
giance and an oath to support the Constitution
purge the vilest traitor of all his treason,
and convert him at once into a first-class
patriot. And this for the extraordinary reason
that one who has been a rebel cannot take the
oath in " good faith unless he is loyal." The
test oath which requires a man to swear that
he has not borne arms against the Govern-
ment, or voluntarily given aid and comfort tp
its enemies, is a more "amplification" andcan-
not '• make any difference ; it is mere detail,
which I (the President) care nothing about."
Loyalty, as expounded by this very high author-
ity, consists simply in swearing to support the
Constitution in the future, which, of course,
any rebel, from Jeff. Davis down, can readily
do, for they have done that many times already,
and as was s&id by another, have sworn to sup-
port the constitution of the southern confed-
eracy in addition.
Sir, 1 have no confidence in the "good
faith" of these constitutional oath-breakers.
Treason has debauched their entire moral na-
ture. Their oaths will be broken in the future
with the same facility they have been in the
past. I want some better guarantee for future
loyalty than is to be found in the oath of a thrice-
perjured traitor. Nor is this the kind of loy-
alty which the patriotic people whom I repre-
sent desire should govern this country. They
do not beliove the test oath to be a mere 1' am-
plification.' ' If it be more '' detail'' to require
a man to purge himself of treason before he
assumes ti govern them, it is that sort of
detail which in their opinion does make a
material "difference," and about which they
do "care." They were taught only a twelve
month since that 1' treason is a crime and ought
to be punished;" that "loyal men" whether
white or black, should govern this country;"
that "the traitor who has raised a parricidal
hand against the Government which protected
him should be subjected to a severe ordeal be-
fore he isrestored to citizenship" even. They
believe what they were then taught, and in the
honest simplicity of their hearts cannot dis-
cover the severity of that "ordeal" which
merely requires a traitor to make a trip to the
White House, ask a pardon, and then swear
to support the Constitution, in order to entitle
himself to make laws to govern them. They
believe, with the Andrew Johnson of 1804, that
" before these repenting rebels can be trusted
they must bring forth the fruits of repentance."
But it is also insisted by a very few of its
supporters that this policy does not demand
a repeal of the test oath. It is certainly not
so understood by the rebels themselves, or by
the masses of the Democracy at the North. I
think it is'hardly fair to say that the President
himself or his Secretary of State so under-
stands it; for they, both complain that these
insurgent' States are not now admitted to rep-
resentation. Mr.'Seward said in New York,
on the 22d of February, when expounding by
authority the views of the Administration :
"Admit the southern Representatives fit once. I
thought' it ought to have been done on the first day
Of tllO S0S310U."
The gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Rous-
seau,] who last addressed the House on this
subject, assuming the championship of the
President, declared that it had been in our
power at any time during this session to have
completed the work of reconstruction in fif-
teen minutes by admitting the southern mem-
bers, and complains that this was not done.
Now, it is an indisputable fact', known to
almost every intelligent man in the country,
and clearly proved by officers of the Army and
others who testified before the committee on
reconstruction, and so reported by that com-
mittee—
" That in the faooof the law requiring the test oath,
theSenatorsand Representatives elected to Congress
from those States arc, with very few oxceptions, men
who had actively [jarticipated in the rebellion, and
who insultingly denounce tho law as unconstitu-
tional."
Among them is the vice president of the so-
called southern confederacy himself. And-yet,
with these facts before them, the originators
and supporters of this policy complain that
those Senators and Representatives were not
"admitted at onpe, on the first day of this ses-
sion." They could not be admitted except by
committing perjury, or the repeal of the test
oath. It will hardly be contended that they
were expected to signalize the first act of their
return, as they did the last of tlioir withdrawal,
by perjury. Am' I not, therefore, justified in
assuming the position that this policy does
demand the repeal of the test oath?
But admit, if you please, that in this posi-
tion I am mistaken, and that the President
and those who sustain him mean that none but
those who can take the tost oath shall be ad-
mitted, it would still, in my opinion, be a most
dangerous policy, and would defer the admis-
sion of traitors but a very short time; and for
this reason : it will be an easy matter for the
South to select men for tho present Congress
who have not borne arms against the Govern-
ment or voluntarily given aid and comfort to
the rebellion, and yet who are at heart no more
loyal than many who were in the rebel army.
These men, thus selected, will take their-seats,
and together with northern Democrats will
repeal that oath. Their admission will estab-
lish the right of their districts to representa-
tion, however disloyal tho people may be.
This right once established, and the test oath
repealed, what will follow? At the next elec-
tion every disloyal district will send men who
thoroughly represent the feelings and senti-
ments of tho people, those who have been most
obnoxious for tlicir treason having the prefer-
ence. What shall be done then? "Keep
them out if disloyal," you say; but how can
you keep them out? The right of the district
to representation having been established by
the admission of men who could take tho oath
at this Congress, those who are elected to the
next will demand that the Clerk of the House
place their names on tho roll to be called to
vote upon the organization. This the Clerk
will be compelled to do, and the vilest rebels
and guerrillas of the South will have an unques-
tionable right to participate in tho most impor-
tant act of the Congress, namely, its organiza-
tion. They will then step up to the desk
and take the oath to support the Constitution
without any of those troublesome "amplifica-
tions " and "details" concerning their past
conduct, and will, to all intents and purposes,
be members of Congress. What then do you
propose to do?
"Expel them if disloyal," says another.
But it requires a two-thirds vote to expel a
member. They will all be upon' the floor to
vote in their own cases, and aided by their
northern Democratic allies' everybody knows
that it would be an utter impossibility to expel
Jeff. Davis himself should he bo elected. No,
sir; adopt this" policy and in less than two
years every disloyal district will: be represented
by a traitor,.and traitors will control the legis-
lation of the! country. Instead of being able
to expel them for their treason you will have
to apologize for having whipped them. The
brave men who fought oar battles and saved
the Republic will have to coneeal'their honor-
able scars lest they may give offense to the
"reconstructed South;" just as now the mil-
itary authorities at West Point order the erasure
of inscriptions from captured rebel cannon in
order that when the young "gentlemen" from
the South return their pride may not be touched
by witnessing the evidences of their defeat.
Oh, magnanimous policy! Magnanimous to
enemies, cruel to friends !
Another inevitable consequence of this policy
will be that no changes of the Constitution,
wherebyguaranteeswillbefurnished which are
neccssaiy for the safety of the Government, can
ever be sccured. It is an explicit declaration
that we have no right to demand such guaran-
tees as conditions-precedent to representation.
It is so understood everywhere, and especially
at the South. A. II. Stephens, vice president
of the southern confederacy, and Senator-elect
to Congress from Georgia, so understands it
when he declares that it meets his hearty
approval, and coolly informs us that the South
would rather remain unrepresented than to
accept any terms as conditions-precedent. If
such amendments of the Constitution are not
secured before the full restoration of those
States, we all know that they never will be,
until they are obtained by another war, for it
requires a two-thirds vote in Congress tO' pro-
pose, and a three-fourths vote of all the States
to adopt them. This every sane man knows
would be impossible. I am therefore justi-
fied in asserting that those who support this
plan of reconstruction intend that no consti-
tutional amendments, affecting the interest
of the South, and guarantying the honor and
safety of the nation, shall ever be made. What
will be the consequence? By the Constitution
(unamended) two fifths of all negroes who were
slaves, but who have been liberated by the
war, will be added to the basis of representa-
tion, thereby giving the South thirteen addi-
tional Representatives on this floor; thirteen
additional Representatives taken from the
loyal and transferred to the disloyal States; a
number equal to the representation of more
than six such States as Minnesota; a gain in
this House to the South as against the North
greater than the political power exercised by
thelBtatesof Minnesota,Wisconsin, Iowa, Kan-
sas, Nevada, Oregon, and California, or equal
to ail the New England States combined. For
it must be borne in mind that these thirteen
Representatives are not merely to be added to
the South, but they are to be deducted from
the North, making a relative difference of
twenty-six in favor of the disloyal section of
the country. Nor is this vast political power
to be taken from the loyal people of the North
and given to the loyal people at the South,
upon whose numbers it is based, but it .is to
be handed over to the traitors to be wielded
for the oppression of our defenders who live
among them, and against the welfare of the
country. The vote of a South Carolina rebel
is to be made equal to the votes of three sol-
diers of my own State, thus reaffirming bylaw
the old insulting boast that "one of the chiv-
alry is equal to three northern mudsills."
Is this the way "treason is to be put down and
traitors punished?" Is this the way by which
" loyal men, whether white or black, siiall rule
this country?" Is this the way "treason is to
be made odious?" Is this what Andrew John-
son meant when he said "the traitor ceased
to be a citizon and forfeited his right to vote
with loyal men when he renounced his citizen-
ship and sought to destroy our Government?"
Should he not rather have said that loyal men
by fighting for their country forfeited their right
