4128
THE C0FGSE8810NAL GLOBE.
July 25,
mens of fruit from all the different States ; for
instance, the Baldwin apple, which I raise a
good many of. He has it. from New England,
he has it from Ohio, he has it from New York,
' he has it from Illinois, showing different speci-
mens from different Slates, and showing where
particular kinds of fruit succeed the best.
Mr. GRIMES. It is not possible for this
gentleman to have these things so as to be of
any use. The Senators from Illinois ajjd Wis-
consin will tell you that a fruit growing on the
black prairie soil, one hundred yards from the
same variety of fruit growing on the yellow
timber soil, is altogether a different sort of
fruit. They ai-e various in the description of
the tree and in the production of the fruit.
What does Mr. Glover tell us about that?
Does he give you any information by his models
as to how (>ne variety of fruit may be grown
upon one character of soil and another grown
upon another character of soil ? He gives you
merely the exterior outline of the fruit.
Sir, this Agricultural Bureau is altogethertoo
great a thing to be run by a central govern-
ment here at Washington, and we shall discover
that after awhile. We must have these or-
ganizations in each State. The idea of one
man here at Washington undertaking to tell the
people of this country, extending as it does
through so many parallels of latitude and lon-
gitude, what may be the particular description
6f fruits or cereals or of anything else adapted
to a particular kind of soil or climate, is a great
humbug, and this, I think, is a part of it.
Mr. CRESWELL. The difficulty that the
Senator from Iowa states is precisely one that
Mr. Glover wants to overcome. It is a part
of his plan to keep specimens of all these fruits
from the various soils and localities of the entire
Union. "
Mr. GRIMES. It is too big a business; it
cannot be done.
Mr. CRESWELL. It can be done, and only
done by the General Government, by some per-
son here who has an opportunity to interchange
views with gentlemen who represent all the
States. He lias, as the Senator from Ohio has
stated, varieties of the Baldwin apple grown in
almost every State of the Union; and upon the
cards accompanying the specimens he says dis-
tinctly, this apple is valuable grown in certain
localities and worthless grown in others; and
persons who will consult him can at once ascer-
tain where it is desirable and where not desir-
able to plant that variety. I am sure if this
collection is purchased by the Government and
he is allowed to continue his plan, very valu-
able information can be disseminated through-
out the whole country in that way.
Mr. GRIMES. Just so long as the General
Government here at Washington undertakes to
control these things the Stale governments will
not do it; but the moment we decline to do it
here then your agricultural colleges in the va-
rious States will undertake to do precisely this
character of services, and you will get such in-
formation as will be of value to the people of
the respective Stales. Now, sir, when you say
that Mr. Glover or Isaac Newton can tell me
which is the best variety of fruit of the thou-
sand kinds that are raised, to be raised on a
iriver bottom land adjacent to a large body of
water; what is the best on a small piece of bot-
tom land where there is not much water; what
is best on a piece of yellow clay land; what is
best on a piece of black prairie land, and what
is best on a piece of thin sandy land, it is more
than anybody here can do. We must do it in
the States. So long as the Fedeial Govern-
ment arrogates to itself the power of concen-
trating all information here, so long the States
will neglect to obtain that kind of information.
The amendment was rejected—ayes twelve,
noes not counted.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer an amendment as
an additional section, in which there is no
appropriation:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the act to carry into effect the treaties between the
TJnitod States and China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and
other countries, giving certain judicial powers to
ministers and consuls, or other functionaries of the
United States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses, approved June 22,1860, shall extend to Egypt;
and the consul general at Alexandria shall have the
power provided by section twenty-two of such aot
for the consul general or consul residing at the cap-
ital of a country where there is no minister.
I move this amendment under the direction
of the Committee on Foreign Relations. I
moved it last year and the Senate adopted it
on the appropriation bill which, it will be re-
membered, failed. The object is simply to
extend certain powers to our consul general at
Alexandria which he has not now under the
existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are plenty of bills
to which this would be more germane.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's pardon.
There is no other bill to come forward where it
can be offered.
Mr. SHERMAN. Why has it not been
presented before?
Mr. SUMNER. My attention was called to
it only yesterday.
Mr. SHERMAN. When you kept quiet so
long, there would seem to be no haste for put-
ting it here.' It is legislative in its character,
purely.
Mr. SUMNER. What is the character of
half the propositions that have been voted on
this bill?
Mr. SHERMAN. They were appropria-
tions. This is the first one of this kind.
Mr. SUMNER. This was voted last.year
on the same appropriation bill. It is accord-
ing to the usage of the Senate to make the
appropriation hill the occasion of passing prop-
ositions like this which have been forgotten.
My attention was called to this during this ses-
sion for the first time yesterday.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY. I have waited a long time
for an opportunity to offer one of the most
meritorious amendments that has been pre-
sented to this bill. It is to insert on page 10,
after line two hundred and eighteen:
Tor light-house at&rand Portage, mouth of Pigeon
river, Minnesota, So,000; subject to the approval of
the Light-House Board as to the necessity of this
light.
I will say in explanation of this amendment
that the appropriation has been twice made;
once in 1856 for a light at Grand Marie, on
the north shore, and it was subsequently trans-
ferred in 1859 to Grand Portage, which is at
the boundary line between the British posses-
sions and the United States. The money,
however, was not used, but lapsed into the
Treasury, and it is necessary now, in order to
go on with that light, that the appropriation be
made.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is there any recommen-
dation from the Light-House Board?
Mr. IiAMSEY. I have a letter from the
chief of. the Light-House Board which I can
send to the desk; and I am directed by the
Committee on Commerce to move the appro-
priation.
Mr. GRIMES. Before acting on that, as it
is almost half past four o'clock, I desire now
to submit a motion, that at half past four
o'clock the Senate take a recess until half past
seven o'clock.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this opportunity to present some
House bills which are on the table, for the
purpose of reference.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 32) to extend the juris-
diction of commissioners of the circuit courts
of the United States—to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 92) to ascertain the prac-
ticability of having a steamboat navigation from
the Chesapeake bay, at the mouth of the Sus-
quehanna river, to Lake Ontario—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
A bill (II. R. No. 468) to provide for the
suits, judgments, and business of the United
States provisional court for the State of Louis-
iana—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 584) for the relief of
William Joshua—to the Committee on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 604) to define and punish
certain crimes therein named—to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 66V) to prevent officers of
the Navy from being deprived of their regular
promotion on account of wounds received in
battle, and for other purposes—to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 802) to incorporate the Na-
tional Farm School—to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 803) to amend an act en-
titled "An act to incorporate the trustees of
the Female Orphan Asylum, in Georgetown,
and the Washington City Orphan Asylum, in
the District of Columbia," passed ^Vfay 24,
1828—to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
A bill (H. R. No. 804) to regulate the ap-
pointment of clerks and commissioners of bail
in the circuit or district courts of the United
States—to the Committee on the Judiciary.
A bill (H. R. No. 805) to restore the posses-
sion of lands confiscated by the authorities of
the States lately in rebellion—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
courts in california and louisiana.
The Senatg, on motion of Mr. CONNESS,
proceeded to consider the amendment of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
179) in relation to the district courts of the
United States in the State of California, dis-
agreed to by the Senate and insisted upon by
the House.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
recede from its disagreement to the House
amendment. The Senator from New York
has withdrawn his objection, and admits it to
be right. The amendment has been read.
The motion was agreed to.
dononue, ryan, and secor.
Mr. JOHNSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 141) for the relief of Don-
ohue, Ryan & Secor, builders of the iron-clad
monitor Camanche; which was read twice by
its title and ordered to lie on the table.
deficiencies in appropriations.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 791) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1866, and for other purposes, re-
ported it with amendments.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhbkson", its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had insisted
upon its amendments to the bill (S. No. 39) to„
amend the acts relating to officers employed in
the examination of imported merchandise in
the district of New York, which were disagreed
to by the Senate, had agreed to the conference
asked by the Senate on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon; and had appointed
Mr. Thomas D. Eliot of Massachusetts, Mr.
Ciiarles O'Neill of Pennsylvania, and Mr.
William Radford of New York, managers at
the same on its part.
final adjournment.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the resolution of
the House fixing the day for the adjournment
of the present session of Congress.
executive session.
On motion of Mj. GRIMES, the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness. At half past four o'clock the doors were
reopened, and the Senate took a recess till half
past seven o'clock, p. m.
