1248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 1,
make the duty three and four and five dollars
a barrel.
Do the gentlemen know that my constituents
and the people of the West have to pay these
additional duties ? Do they know that the great
market for the sale of these commodities is all
through our western country? The farmers
and the laborers and the mechanics of the West
are the men who will pay that additional duty,
for they are the chief consumers.
Do you suppose that the men who primarily
pay that dollar as duty to the Government lose
that dollar? No, sir; they add that dollar,
with fifty per cent, interest upon it, to the price
of the barrel of fish ; and because wo in the
West will have cod-fish and mackerel we must
pay that dollar and a halt' instead of the dollar
which is in the first instance paid as duty to
the Government.
Now, sir, the same duty has been imposed
upon every description of fisli. The poor
"No. o" mackerel, w-hich the poor man is
compelled to buy, pays the same duty as the
fine "No. 1'' mackerel, which the man of
wealth alone can afford to purchase. No dis-
crimination is made in favor of the laboring
man who is obliged occasionally or frequently
to subsist in great part, upon salt fish. We arc
urged to impose additional duties upon this
article, without thinking of the men who con-
sume it, because there are class interests to
be regarded and protected in all the legislation
of the American Congress.
So again iti reference to the question of wool,
which is brought up by the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Guixxku,,] who wishes us to im-
pose an additional duty of ten cents per pound.
Now, sir, why should wo juotcct by lias in-
creased duty the wool-grower in Iowa or any
other portion of the West? One might almost
expect that Vermont should ask a tarilf dis-
criminating against Iowa wool for the protec-
tion of Vermont wool.
Mr. GUINNELL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether (here is any more impropriety
in increasing to a small extent the duly on wool
than there is in a duty of Ibrly dollars per ton
upon hemp, a prominent production of Mis-
souri, but one for which we do not seem to have
very much use just now. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOG AN. Granting the duty on hemp
to be forty dollars per ton, does (hat. benefit, the
people of Missouri? The description of hemp
which we raise is not produced to any great
extent anywhere except in this country.
Mr. G HI NNELL. llussia has been a com-
petitor with lis in the pioducfion of hrmp.
Mr. ilOGAN. Tin- duty on hemp is. in my
view, .-.imply a, tub thrown to the whale. We
who raise hemp are no! benefited by that duty
to the extent of a row of pins. Wo in the West
Can 1-ait.e hemp more cheaply than it can bo
produced abroad. These duties are imposed
simply to blind the funnel's of the Wesl, and
induce lliem to believe that they get, prelection
when in point of fact they get 110 protection.
Gentlemen say that wool is an article of uni-
versal consumption. Well, 1 agree to that. I
wear a coat of cloth manufactured in Missouri
and made of Missouri wool. We do not want
any protection upon the article, because we
can grow and manufacture the article more
cheaply than anybody else if you allow only
fair competition.
Now. sii, the landiu Iowa and uoitheru Illi-
nois and Mis.vmii is perfectly well adapted to
the production of sheep, 'fh.it land can he
bought at prices ranging from SI 2"> to five dol-
lars per acre. Nature furnishes the, food by
whieli the sheep aie to be sustained. The
prairie grass grows tine, and affords the sheep
excellent food. Tliev are not obliged to wear
out their noses in hunting for a blade of grass.
[Laughter.] Hut. sir, Vermont, whose people
raise sheep and produce wool, ought to have a
stringent tariff'to protcef, them against the wool
ot Iowa, which can be grown much more abun-
dantly and cheaply than the wool of Vermont,
the land in Vermont costing more money, the
production of the land, without heavy manur-
ing, not being adequate to the production of
larjje crops, and the rigor of the climate re-
quiring not only longer in-door feeding, but
better protection to the animal. Why, then, if
you must add ten cents a pound to wool for the
benefit of the wool-grower of Iowa, you should
give the wool-grower of Vermont at least ten
cents more to protect him against the cheaper
and more easily-cultivated land of Iowa. And
where will you stop your system of protection?
But, sir, you hear nothing about protecting
the laboring man, the farmer, the mechanic,
the poor man who must buy this heavily taxed
wool or go without a coat. You tax the wool,
you tax the railroad that carries the wool to
market; you tax the commission merchant who
sells the wool; you tax the manufacturer who
makes up the wool; you tax the merchant who
sells the woolen cloth; and when the manu-
factured article reaches the poor man in the
distant West who has to buy a coat, my word
for it he foots the bill for all this taxation.
You put ten cents per pound into the pocket
of the man who is engaged in the production
of wool, and you drag that with (.he added per-
centages upon it from the pockets of a people
already overtaxed in every possible way. Is
this fair? Is if just? How long do you sup-
pose the people will endure such burdens and
exactions ?
lie has to pay the tax, and the. man who
raises the sheep puts the money into his pocket.
There is no thought of anybody protecting these
men who are taxed. All, 110! they are good
enough to work, but do not put any money
into their pockets, or they will be elevated if
you do.
So with lumber, of which the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Damns] has spoken so elo-
quently. Look at that lumber interest. Ho
tells you (hey have suffered for along while in
every way. He tells you tlioy cannot come
into competition with the cheap labor and the
cheap logs of Canada.
1 say, Mr. Chairman, these gentlemen have
the, market almost entirely, and yet they cannot
stand it unless they can get additional protection.
1'ili! but what about the poor farmers in the
West who open up your lauds and who cannot
make fences without this lumber? Not a word
about them, 'l^lie farmer of the West has to
fence his farm and build his cabin, and all these
incidental changes go to the pockets of the men
in Michigan and elsewhere who make lumber
from the stock. They all consent that logs shall
come in as near free as possible from the Can-
adas. 1 have no objection to that. 1 have no
objection to admit the slock to come, in free,
that our men may make lumber; but 1 want
(he cheap lumber of Canada to conic in to build
upon our prairies and open up and develop the
resources of the West. I do not want a monop-
oly t hat is to be brought, to bear upon it, by which
we have been taxing all the lumber that is used
in I Hinois and Missouri to pay a dollar extra to
some men 111 Michigan for cutting it.
I do not, earc where the lumber comes from.
All the lumber (hat enters into the uses of the
agriculturists and farmers of the West should
come in free. Wo want millions and millions
of it. It is advantageous to us to get cheap
lumber because we want stock for our fences.
The gentleman says that stumpage is live
dollars in Michigan, and that in Canada stump-
age is worth only fifty cents a thousand. Now,
let us get the Canada cheap logs, and let us
allow them to use it if they will to give us cheap
lumber for the do\elopmcnt of the resources
of the great Northwest.
I agree in this bill generally. I suppose
every member of the committee did agree in
it. I did not suppose there would be any op
position, as I looked upon this as a very equita-
ble, measure. We have to tax some things and
some things have to come in free.
I tell gentlemen in this House, and tell them
in all candor, that while I am in some sense
a tariff man I am r.ot a prohibitory man.
Mr. DRIGGS. Allow me a word. I un-
understand the gentleman to argue in favor of
lumber coming in free. I understand him to
say he is in some sense a tariff man. If we
understand him, he is in favor of such article's
as his locality produces, and in favor of letting
all the articles that his locality does not pro-
duce come in free.
Mr. HOGA.N. The gentleman has supposed
me to be like himself. He is in favor of dis-
criminating in favor of those things in which
his people are interested. 'The difference be-
tween him and me is, that I am in favor of such
discrimination as will be useful to the whole
country without regard to my own section at all.
I said I should prefer low-price lumber, suit-
able for agriculturists of the West. And if the
timber from which to cut it is too high in
Michigan, then I am willing they shall have
cheap logs from Canada. And I was and am
willing for them to cut it and make a profit on
their labor and capital, but do not prohibit the
introduction of cheap lumber for common uses,
for you thereby but retard the cultivation of
the great prairies of the West,.
But, [ compromised on that matter, and went
in for a low tariff upon that class of commodities
putting a higher rate of duty upon those commod-
ities of our own which came more in competition
with foreign articles. But I say now to gen-
tlemen who are for protection, that the people
of this country will revolt ere long against the
enormous tariff-duties that are sought to be
heaped upon them under the pica of protec-
tion. I am in favor of such incidental protec-
tion as will really benefit the whole people with-
out reference to locality, whether East, West,
N01t.l1, or South. I know 110 locality in this
kind of legislation. 1 am an Ameiican con-
gressman, and as such would seek to legislate
for all. I do not seek to build up an interest
here by putting down an interest there, to take
money out of this man's pocket and put it into
another man's. Sir, we have an enormous
debt weighing upon us ; a debt such as no other
nation ill the world, perhaps, groans under at
the present time, and I want such a revenue to
be collected from our imports as will go toward
paying that debt instead of giving such protec-
tion as will amount almost to prohibition, and
enable the monopolists of this country to divide
their hundred, two hundred, and three hundred
per cent, per annum, wlnle the poor and mid-
dle classes are taxed to death to pay the inter-
est upon the national debt.
1 am in favor of incidental protection, but
gentlemen tell us that these manufacturing in-
terests are perishing and must die unless tlieie
are high dirties imposed, such as will prohibit
the introduction of commodities from abroad
that come into competition with theirs, and thus
prevent our getting any tariff duties at all upon
those commodities, so that we shall have to levy
direct taxes upon the American people in order
to meet the interest upon the debt.
Gentlemen say that on account of the higher
rate of interest that we pay it is absolutely ne-
cessary to have protection. Sir, has not the
Congress which preceded this given the iron
and all other interests of this country ample
protection ? I had a conversation the other day
with a manufacturer in the city of New York,
who told me that I10 had made an arrangement
by whieli a certain commodity was to be made
out of English iron ; and he said that the Eng-
lish iron was not to be got, tha.t it was out, uf
the market. And what is the consequence of
its being out of the market? Why iron has
risen to such a degree that hardly any man can
fulfill a contract made two or three years ago.
Mr. STUOUSE. I will say for the informa-
tion of my friend, and in contradiction of his
informant, that there is at this time a great deal
of iron imported, not only from England and
Wales, but from Sweden and Norway. And I
will further say that the revenue weimpose upon
our own iron almost overbalances the duty on
foreign iron, so that there is really now an in-
ducement to the British, Welsh, and Swedish
manufacturers to export to this country. These
are the-facts.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from'
Missouri yield?
Mr. lib GAIT. The gentleman remarked,
when he was making his speech, that he did
