1-866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
220$
Mr. DONNELLY. From this testimony,
quoted by tliose who arc opposed to the bill,
it appears that the land grant is not only suf-
ficient to pay for this road but to equip a line
of steamers besides for the China and _ East
India trade, and leave a surplus of millions
of dollars. In the presence of these facts,
can these gentlemen say this country would
not be safe in giving the guarantee asked for?
The bill further proposes to give twenty-five
per cent, of the gross receipts of the road as
security for the payment of the guarantied
interest. Now, as has already been stated,
twenty-five per cent, is equal to that portion
of the' receipts oat of which interest upon the
capital stock of the company is paid.
Can it be doubted that the receipts of such
a road would be enormous? With a vast and
rapidly increasing population at, both its ex-
tremities, great communities growing up along
its whole line, and tlie trade of die indies and
China passing over it, who can doubt that its
receipts would bo enormous?
If you doubt this you doubt the future of the
country and forget all the teachings of its past.
But it will be said, in answer, if all this is
true, why not go and build the road with the
land grant alone? I propose to address my-
self a few moments to that portion of the ques-
tion.
The value of the land grant, Mr. Speaker,
depends on the building of the road. That
amount of land with the road built through it
is worth every dollar of the estimate put upon
it by Mr. Wilson. That land, without the
road, is not worth to-day in New York city five
cents per acre. You can go all through the
western country, in the State of Michigan, in
the State of Wisconsin, in the State of Missouri,
and in other States of the "West, and find mil-
lions of acres of land that have been offered
time and time again for a shilling an acre
without meeting with purchasers. W hy is it?
Because they are remote from those great
works of internal improvement, the railroads,
which are only second to nature's great rivers
to the development of population. Take the
experience of the West. Go back to the year
1850, and you will find land grants given about
that time to the State of Michigan, to the
State of Wisconsin, and to the State of Min-
nesota to build lines of railroad within a period
of ten years; and yet in the last Congress we
were called upon and besought to extend the
time yet ten years farther in which these roads
should bo completed. So that in these States,
near to the great centers of population, twenty
years have been considered essential to the
construction, of comparatively short lines of
railroad by a land grant alone.
Mr. Speaker, if this weio a trifling enterprise,
if this was a road of fifty or one hundred miles
through a comparatively settled country, we
might with propriety be told that a land grant
alone would build it. But recollect, sir, it is
over eighteen hundred miles in length, reach-
ing from the western terminus of thegreat water
chain of lakes to the Pacific ocean, a road
througliacouutry unsafe, unsettled, unsurveyed,
and almost undiscovered — in many parts a
veritable terra incognita.
And yet we are told that this land grant which
you could not to-day sell for five cents an aero
in the eastern markets will build the road. It
is impossible. The proposition is absurd.
Something has been said on this floor of the
lobby influence of the Central Pacific railroad
being exercised among members of this House
adversely to this bill. I know not how that may
be. I have no knowledge of the subject my-
self. I know when that road has asked at the
hands of the country for additional aid the
Northwest has been almost unanimous in its
favor ; and if there is to-day any party in the
lobbies of this House representing that road,
and trying to strike down a road running one
thousand miles distant from it, then I say, sir,
it cannot ask, and should not receive, a single
additional favor at the hands of the American
people.
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 139.
Mr. HIGBY. "Will the gentleman allow me
to say a word ?
Mr. DONNELLY. Certainly.
Mr. HIGBY. I have heard from two or
three members that the Central Pacific rail-
road has been trying to get up an influence
against this road, if there is anything of the
kind the delegation particularly in interest in
the Central Pacific railroad is not aware of it.
I know that no member of that company has
been near me since this bill has been under
discussion, and I leave it to the other members
of the delegation from California whether they
have seen any member of that company in
reference to this subject. I think they would
first go to the members Irving in the vicinity
and most interested, and not to other members
of the House.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. DONNELLY. With pleasure.
Mr. SPALDING. Mr. Speaker, I have taken
somewhat of an active part in opposition to
this bill, and I repel the insinuation that any
railroad agent has had influence with me or
approached me at any time. I challenge proof
that any agent of any company iias come here
to engender opposition to this bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. I do not state it as a
fact. I alluded to the statement made yester-
day on this floor that such an influence was at
work here.
It was very far from my intention to insin-
uate that the honorable member from Califor-
nia and the honorable member from Ohio, for
both of whom I have the highest respect, have
been influenced or had any such influence
brought to bear upon them. But I do say,
sir, that if the statements we have heard are
true, and if any such influence has been brought
to bear upon this House, it shows a most nar-
row, base, and illiberal spirit on the part of
that Central Pacific road.
We complain, sir, of the monopoly of the
Camden and Amboy Kailroad Company which
seeks to grasp the exclusive jurisdiction of
the State of New Jersey. But, sir, this thing
dwindles into insignificance compared with the
monopoly which would absorb a continent, and
which will not endure a brother within a thou-
sand miles of its throne.
For what have we done for that road? Yes,
what have we of the Northwest aided to give
them*' We have virtually donated them
$90,000,000 of bonds of the United States.
Not, sir, be it observed, a guarantee of interest
alone for twenty years, but a liability incurred
by the Government for both principal and
interest upon that amount. Nay, more, we have
released their road from one half the mortgage
given to secure the United States; so that if the
United States Government would protect itself,
in the case of the Central Pacific railroad by fore-
closing upon the mortgage which it holds, it must
first pay oft' that other $00,000,000, making in
all $180,000,000 of principal that the road has
in effect received from us, besides all thy accu-
mulated interest on the bonds, not for twenty
years, but untiLthe maturity and payment of
the same. Why, sir, in sixteen years the inter-
est 011 those bonds will be equal to the princi-
pal ; so that of principal and interest we shall
have incurred in twenty years a liability in be-
half of the Central Pacific railroad equal to
$450,000,000; and yet gentlemen are appalled
when we ask for $50,000,000, distributed during
a period of twenty years, with which to accom-
plish all that which $450,000,000 is required
to accomplish in another latitude.
1 Why, sir, if it is tine that $50,000,000 of
I guarantied interest will build this road, when
1 $150,000,000 are required to build the Central
| Pacific railroad,which now drags its slow length
| along, then I say, sir, it is the plainest of all
I possible proofs that this is the true route for the
: construction of a Pacific railroad.
Another objection made to this bill is, that
it should have been referred to the Committee
on Public Lands. I have the honor to be a
member of both the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad and the Committee on Public Lands,
and I can say, with no feeling of preference for
either of those committees, that it would be
grossly unjust to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad to send this bill to the Committee on
Public Lands. If this bill is not such a one
as should properly go before the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, then that committee has
no functions and should be at once abolished;
because it is, as its name implies, a Committee
on the Pacific Railroad, and if this proposition
for the construction of a Pacific railroad is not
legitimate business for that committee then it
has none. So much for that argument.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a few words as to the
illiberal character of the arguments that have
been urged here. I am sorry to see distin-
guished gentlemen for whose ability I have the
highest respect protesting against this meas-
ure. I regret to see distinguished gentlemen
from the great State of Ohio opposing this bill.
It is but sixty-five years since emigration began
to cross the western boundary line of Pennsyl-
vania. Ohio was then a howling wilderness.
The adventurous pioneers who then floated
down the Ohio river upon rafts and boats,
with their household goods around them, ran
the gauntlet of the ambushed savages along its
banks. Since that time what a magnificent
prospect has been unfolded to the gaze of the
world. Then a desolate wilderness, the State
of Ohio and the States directly west of it now
contain a population of ten million human
beings, being one third of the entire popula-
tion of the United States. Sir. with such won-
ders wrought in the space of a little more than
half a century, I am surprised that gentlemen
from the State of Ohio or from any of the west-
ern States can stand here and take such nar-
row and illiberal views.
We have just listened to a speech from the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Faiixswoiitii]
against this bill. Let me call his attention to
some statistics in reference to his own State.
About the year 1830—I think that was the pre-
cise year- the United States made an innova-
tion upon its former customs as great as that
wo now seek to make, by granting a large body
of public lands to assist in building the Illinois
Centralrailroad through the heart of that State.
Those who have read the history of Illinois,
written by one of its former Governors, know
very well the condition of things before that
road was commenced, and from which it lifted
her up: the poverty of the people, the de-
pressed condition of agriculture, the small
value of the products of the soil, the trifling
reward for human labor, and the slow increase
of population. Turn to the census of 1830,
and you will find that the population of Illinois
was but 157,000. In the year 1860, thirty years
later, the population had risen to 1,711,950.
Now, mark the contrast. In twenty years before
the Illinois Central railroad was built the total
! growth of the State of Illinois was 145,000.
in thirty years subsequent to that year, the
growth was 1,554,000.
Why, sir, the taxable property of the State of
Illinois is equal to $1,000,000,000, or one third
the entire debt of the United States. The State
of Illinois paid in direct tax in 1801 for the
support of the Federal Government the sum
of SI, 140,000. -
Sir, I am amazed that gentlemen who come
from the very soil of those State-, so blessed
by these great works of internal improvement,
and with all their marvelous results pressing
themselves directly upon their sight, can raise
their voices against this measure. It is against
reason. Why, sir, if such an illiberal spirit
had possessed the men of 1830, Illinois would
to-day have scarcely passed the era of coon-
skin currency, and wheat at ten cents per
bushel; and we should have lost that mignty
Commonwealth, with nearly two million popu-
lation, which has given us a Liucohi and a,
■Grant.
Why, sir, we ask aid to build only eighteen
hundred miles of railroad, while in the State
of Illinois to-day there are three thousand miles
