i86a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS
mi
act of Congress. Nobody of course will under-
take to justify him. Let us, then, remind him
in the way that is left to us, here from our seats,
that that act of Congress must be obeyed.
These are the reasons which have prevailed
with me in offering this amendment. I say sin-
cerely I do not wish to differ with the honorable
Senator from Maine, who has the conduct of
the bill. If in his opinion, after what I have
stated, the provision is unnecessary, if he thinks
that the Secretary of the Treasury docs not need
from Congress this reminder, if he thinks the
past conduct of the Secretary is such as to give
us assurance that for the future he will obey the
acts of Congress, then I shall be glad to follow
his lead and dispense with this proviso; but, as
at present advised, I do think it important.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President, the Sec-
retary admits unquestionably, in the communi-
cation he has made, that he did undertake in
certain cases to appoint men, and did not re-
quire of them the oath prescribed. He has
given his reasonsforthateourse. We must re-
flect that this act of the Secretary was done
during the recess of Congress; and so long as
wo believe, as I.truly do believe, that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury is a most patriotic gentle-
man and desires to do his whole duty, and has
taken this responsibility under the pressure of
what he conceived to bo the necessities of the
case, and has laid the facts frankly before Con-
gress, I do not feel that it is necessary to go any
further than we have gone with regard to it.
He has stated the fact; he has stated his reasons
for his conduct, and although those reasons
might not be satisfactory to the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and might not be sat-
isfactory to myself, yet he says very frankly, '' I
deemed it better to appoint, if possible, men
that I could trust to collect the revenue in those
States, and I found it impossible to appoint
men of that description who could take the
oath. I concluded, therefore, to take the re-
sponsibility, which I have taken during the
recess of Congress, because I deemed it very
important that the revenue shouldbe collected.''
Ho has laid that before Congress, and he has
presented to Congress his recommendation that
the oath should be varied, if possible, to meet
certain cases. I would say further that I un-
derstand the Secretary warned these gentlemen
that if they took the offices under these circum-
stances it would be entirely dependent on the
action of Congress whether they would be paid;
that they couid not be paid until the matter was
legalized and authorised.
Having done that and frankly laid what he
has done and his reasons for doing it before
Congress, if Congress, after having had an op-
portunity to consider the subject, shall take no
such action as he advises, of course it will be
his duty to yield at once and cheerfully and de-
cidedly to the decision of Congress, and 1 have
no doubt he will do so with great readiness.
He is already "reminded" by the call which
Congress has made upon him to lay before it
the facts in the case, and he is aware of this
discussion. I do not deem it necessary there-
fore to give him any further reminder. But at
any rate the words proposed to be inserted hero
by the honorable Senator are merely a re'enact-
ment of what is now the law of the land. Its
adoption secures nothing more than we now
have on the statute-book. If we desire to do
anything more, if we desire to censure the Sec-
retary of the Treasury for what he has done,
this is not, the way to do it. The adoption of
the amendment will merely embarrass the pas-
sage of this bill by requiring it to bo sent back
to the other House. I hope the Senator will
consent to withdraw his amendment, the re-
minder having already been given, and let the
bill be passed as it has been sent to us from the
House of Representatives.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, as I under-
stand the statute of 18G2, it creates a disquali-
fication in the case of every person to hold an
oflice under the United States who does not
take the oath prescribed by that statute. I con-
fess that with me it is a serious matter to
appoint to oflice any person who does not take
the oath there prescribed. It appears to me
that a question of law of considerable impor-
tance arises, which is this: whether a person
not having taken this oath and taking upon
himself the responsibilities of such an office can
be held legally responsible for his acts. Can
he be sued upon his official bond and held re-
sponsible for any default which he may commit
to the Government, if he has not taken this
oath ? Whether the law be the one way or the
other upon that particular point, it appears to
me to be a question of sufficient importance to
receive the careful attention of the Senate. The
act of 1862 declares that no person shall exer-
cise an office under the United States who does
not take the following oath :
" I do solemnly swear that I have never voluntarily
borne arms against the United States since I have
been a citizen thereof; that I have voluntarily given
no aid, countenance, counsel, or encouragement to
persons engaged in armed hostility thereto; that I
nave neither sought, nor accepted, nor attempted to
exercise the functions of any office whatever under
any authority or pretended authority in hostility to
the United States; that I have not yielded a volun-
tary support to any pretended government, authority,
power, or ccmstitution within the United States hos-
tile orinimical thereto. And Ido furtherswearthat.to
thobest of my knowledge and nhiliiy.I will support and
defend the Constitution of the United States against all
enemies, fo) eigu and domestic ; that X will hear true
faith and aHegianeeto thesame; that I take this obli-
gation freely, without any mental reservation or pur-
poseof evasion ; andthatlwillwcllandfaithfullydis-
charge the duties of the ollicc ou which X am about to
enter. So help me God."
That is the form prescribed by the statute.
In some cases in which persons have been ap-
pointed to office by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, it appears that ho has waived this oath, and
prescribed another, which is in the following
form. I read from his own report;
"I, .having been appointed to the offiocof col-
lectorof customsfortbodistrictof ,do solemnly,
sincerely, and truly swear that I will diligently and
faithfully execute the duties nf tho said oflice of col-
lector of tho customs, and will nso tho best of my en-
deavors to prevent and detect frauds in relation to tho
duties imposed by the laws of tho United States. I
further swear that I will support tho Constitution of
the United States."
It will be seen at a glance that a very mate-
rial part of the statutory oath is here dispensed
with, and that part is, that the officer has never
voluntarily borne arms against tho United States
since lie has been a citizen thereof. It is stated
by the Secretary of the Treasury that ho has
found it very difficult, not to say impossible, in
certain districts in the insurgent States to find
poisons who were able to take the statutory
oath; and it would seem that therefore he has
omitted to enforce that provision of tho statute
of 1862. I know not where this dispensing
power may not go. If a plain statute of the
United States maybe dispensed with in one
ease, it may in another. It is the misfortune
of the country if it be impossible to find a loyal
man in a southern district who is able to take
the oath required. It does not in my judgment
pertain to the Secretary of the Treasury or any
other functionary of the Government to under-
take to alter the laws which we pass; and it
seems to me that lie would be better consulting
the interests of the United States, better con-
sulting his own duty, to have referred this whole
subject to Congress for further legislation than
to have undertaken to set himself up as a legis-
lator on so serious a subject as this.
1 say this, however, sir, without any inten-
tion of casting a reflection upon the very intel-
ligent and very able Secretary of tho Treasury.
I rather speak of it as an admonition to all
officers and persons in authority that the first
example which they are to set to the country
is obedience to the laws. Tf the laws are de-
fective, the Congress of the United States pos-
sess the necessary power to correct them.
I hope, sir, that the amendment of the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts will be
adopted, and I shall of course vote for it. I
think it necessary as an admonition to thelionor-
able Secretary of the Treasury that we, the Con-
gress of tho United States, are tho law-making
power, and that his duties are confined simply
and solely to tho execution of the laws as they
are enacted here.
Mr. FEbSENDEN. I sincerely hope that'
gentlemen will not insist upon this. It "is a
queer idea that we are to pass over again., as an
amendment to a mere provision like this, a law
now on the statute-book, By way of admonish-
ing the Secretary of the Treasury as to what he
is to do. You might in that way multiply our
statutes indefinitely. As I said, before, if the
Senators desire to admonish the Secretary.of
the Treasury let them offer a resolution, to that
effect, and, if the admonition is deserved and it
is_ thought advisable _to give it, the resoltitioa-
will undoubtedly be passed.
But here is a little statute of two lines, au-
thorizing the Secretary of the Treasury to ap-
point certain officers, and on that the Senators-,
propose to ingraft by way of amendment that
those officers shall comply with the laws of the
land. Why? Because it is necessary? Not
at all. Because it is riot the law now ? Not at
all; but because they want to remind the Sec-
retary that that is the law, and so to remind him
after we have already sent to him for a report
on the subjectand have got that report, in which
he avows the fact, He is then already reminded
to all intents and purposes. Now, if after be-
ing reminded, he chooses to go on and disobey
the law; if his action is disobedience—and to a
certain extent it undoubtedly is—and lie has
given his reasons for not fully obeying tho law,
gentlemen can take other and more efficient
measures to remind him of the existence of that
statute. But now I put it to the honorable Sen-
ator from Michigan-—he cannot help laughing
at it himself—that the idea is a perfect absurd-
ity of ingrafting a statute now on the book,
passed two years ago, by way of a rider upon
this little bill, for the sake of reminding the Sec-
retary that that is the law! Who ever heard
of such a course of proceeding in a grave legis-
lative body?
Now, sir, I might have acted differently from
the course taken by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. He chose to take tho responsibility, in the
recess of Congress, for what seemed to him to
bo good reasons; another person might have
done otherwise ; but nobody can doubt that he
felt it to be his duty to take that responsibility
under the circumstances. If wo think that he
was in error, that lie had no right to take if, he
has already received notice that we question the
propriety of his action, and if that is not enough
we can put it in such terms that he cannot mis-
take our opinion; but for the sake of the stat-
ute-book do not make it look ridiculous for tho
mere purpose of reminders. That is what I
ask of honorable gentlemen. Let the bill pass,
and then if they wish to introduce anything by
way of bringing it more completely and satis-
factorily to the Secretary's mind that he has
disobeyed the statute, do it in proper form.
The Senatorsthemsclves, I apprehend, have that
opinion of the Secretary and that respect for
him that, even if in their judgment he has com-
mitted an error, they will not take what is an of-
fensive course until they become satisfied that
he is determined to persist in his error. It is
not treating an officer of the Government, espe-
cially one of our own friends, with that regard
which should always be shown until we believe
that there is really a collision between him and
us. Ihavenodoubtthatifthe Secretary is satis-
fied that this his course is disapproved, and that
Congress will not change the law on the sub-
ject, he will conform to that decision, because
it will be his duty to conform to it, whatever may
be the results upon the revenue. I beg leave to
remind gentlemen that when a man is put at tho
head of the revenue department and his atten-
tion is turned that way, especially in the exist-
ing state of things, it becomes the leading idea
in his mind, and others are apt to be subordi-
nate to it, and he is apt to take responsibilities
in certain cases that he would not otherwise
take, believing that Congress will sustain him.
I acted on that principle several times while I
was at the head of that Department. I was not
found out; I have nut been found out yet; but
I may be, and then I shall expect to be reminded
by Congress that I took a responsibility that I
had no business to take, and I must take the
consequences.
