1250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 7,
Mr. MORRILL. I am perfectly willing to
admit, as I have no doubt it is the fact, that a
large portion of the coal that goes into the Prov-
inces is anthracite coal. Yet does that mili-
tate against the statement which I made that
here is one article at least in reference to which
there is something of reciprocity? Certainly it
appears to me that an exchange even of anthra-
cite for bituminous coal is something of reci-
procity.
Now, Mr. Chairman, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania says, '' Pass this bill, and we shall
bankrupt every company engaged, in the pro-
duction of bituminous coal." Why, sir, when
this reciprocity treaty was passed the Senators
who represented Pennsylvania and Maryland,
and I believe Virginia—all those coal-mining
regions where bituminous coal is obtained—
were in favor of the treaty, and when the ques-
tion came up in this House not a single gentle-
man from those States rose to make an objec-
tion, and when the bill passed, Mr. Washburn,
of Maine, endeavored to obtain the yeas and
nays, but that without avail, only seven gentle-
men rising to order them.
Now, Mr. Chairman, if these bituminous coal
mines have been tinned for ten or eleven years
without the proprietors being brought to bank-
ruptcy, when there has been no duty imposed
upon coal, and when the bill as it is now be-
fore the House proposes a duty upon the coal
brought from the Provinces, and when it is
extremely probable that these mines will be
relieved from direct taxation as well as indirect
taxation, I confess that I do not see the immi-
nency of their bankruptcy.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
mo to state one fact? During the operation of
this reciprocity treaty three companies have
embarked in mining this coal in the Cumber-
land region; they have been three times reen-
forced with capital, and yet they are all bank-
rupt,
Mr. MORRILL. I suppose, Mr. Chairman,
that in some other branches of business you
will find men who have gone to bankruptcy.
All men who engage in business have not
equal success. I suppose that in every branch
of business (here arc some fools who embark
in undertakings which cannot succeed. 1 do
not. say that these men mentioned by my friend
from Pennsylvania were not sagacious.; but 1
do say that it is the luck of all departments of
business to furnish some wrecks.
But the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wunt-
Woi'.Tji, ] to my surprise, takes up this- bill and
asks, or seems to ask, whether we are to have
leeiproeity or not, as though this bill, if it were
i.issed, would restore reciprocity! I think,
dr. Chairman, that that will be the most grati-
fying news that will be carried to-day across
the telegraphic wires to Canada. 1 think the
people there will be extremely delighted to
leai n that there is a bill pending here which will
give them reciprocity such as they have enjoyed
during I he last ten years.
15ut, Mr. Chairman, there is not a particle of
foundation in this bill for any such idea. But
two articles named in the hill, only two, retain
even a shadow of the old reciprocity treaty.
One is fish, the other is coal; and even on these
it will be seen that moderate duties are proposed.
Now, Mr. Chairman, it seems to me, al-
though I had a great repugnance to the reci-
procity treaty, that we might distill something
out of it worthy of our consideration. I did be-
lieve there were some things in the reciprocity
treaty which it might be worth while not to re-
pudiate. Those only in the first section of the
bill retain any smack of the reciprocity treaty.
The last end of the bill, to be sure, allows the
Provinces to concede certain privileges or not
to do it, as they may please. In my judgment
they will not do it. But I supposed it was wise
f us to make a fair offer ; then if they do not
do it we would come forward with such legisla-
t -.') hereaf'teras the judgment of Congress might
d jvise. But in the outset it did occur to me
a s eminently proper {hat we should present a
fair proposition to these Provinces. In con-
sideration to the minority of the country, who
I
still believe in the reciprocity treaty, it was
wise that we should present a fair and moderate
proposition such as is embodied in this bill.
Let me warn gentlemen if this bill is not
passed, that after the 17th of March you will have
this state of things: all the animals—cattle,
sheep, horses, and hogs—raised in the Canadas
will still come in free of duty. And another
anomalous condition of things will exist: while
lumber, sawed and hewed, will be admitted at
twenty per cent., when planed, tongued, and
grooved lumber will come in free. But I will
not go into details.
Now, Mr. Chairman, of course it is competent
for the House to amend this bill in any direc-
tion. I suppose we might amend it so as to
suit my friend from Ohio, [Mr. Spalding,] and
in relation to the subject of lumber and some
other articles to which objection hasbeen made.
We may amend in any direction, but it will be
most convenient for us to pass the bill in some
shape or other.
I yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Brooks.]
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I should not
have arisen to obtrude my remarks upon this
committee after the subject had been so ably dis-
cussed—discussed with an ability and ingenuity
that reminded me of ancient times in this House,
and which demonstrates to me that when we are
engaged in subjects which interest us there is
like ability here to that which was exhibited
in the olden times. I say I would not have
obtruded myself on this House after as able im-
"promptu debates as have ever been exhibited,
if I had not voted last year with others for the
abrogation of this reciprocity treaty, and if I
did not see from the tendencies and sympathies
of this House that the moment this bill passes
from the hands of the committee to the House,
it will receive its death-blow.
Under these circumstances, after that vote,
I feel it necessary to say I do not believe there
would have been obtained in this House thirty
votes last year for the abrogation of that reci-
procity treaty with Canada, but upon the ex-
plicit understanding that some sort of reci-
procity would have been forthwith established
by the treaty-making or the legislative power
of the Government. 1 voted for its abrogation
under a high sense of duty. Our people under
their internal revenue law were ground down
or about to be ground down with internal
taxation, and I did not feel at liberty to allow
the reciprocity treaty to stand without ena-
bling us to make some sort of a bargain with
the people of Canada to levy upon the imports
from there the same duties we levied upon our
own articles of production. It was on that
understanding, and exclusively on that under-
standing, I voted for the abrogation of that
reciprocity treaty.
But I think 1 see now the additional claims of
those who represent the lumber interest, the
coal interest, and other interests of the country
to obtain as high duties as possible, higher than
those which exist at the present moment. If
that be so I shall regret all my life having cast
that vote. Last winter I voted for the abroga-
tion of the treaty on the understanding it should
be substantially renewed.
The Provinces of Canada, Nova Scotia, and
New Brunswick arc situated very differently,
so far as we are concerned, from any other
countries in any other portion of the world ;
very differently from those in Europe. They
are our neighbors. They are in some degree
our friends. They are connected with us by
kindred and blood. They rightfully belong to
us, and I hope to live to see the day, some day
hereafter and not far distant, when upon the
floor of this House and of the other there shall
be Senators and Representatives in Congress
from New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, Canada,
Prince Edward's Island, and all the other
Provinces that belong to this continent, and
whose people speak the English language.
Mr. SPALDING-. I would ask the gentle-
man if the last Congress did not distinctlyvote
down a proposition for a new board of com-
missioners upon this subject.
Mr. BROOKS. I believe they did; but it
was because we reserved to ourselves legisla-
tive power practically to renew the treaty. It
was upon that ground that I gave my vote for
the bill to terminate the treaty, and upon no
other whatsoever. I regret to see now that
there is not only no disposition to renew the
treaty, but that there is a disposition to aggra-
vate the difficulties of trade between us and
Canada yet more and more. The gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge] before me
rebuked me at the time for the vote I then
gave, and the rebuke left a deep impression
on my mind. He tells me now that he voted
against that bill because he entertained no
such belief in regard to the action of this Con-
gress as I did.
I was about to say when I wap interrupted
that the geographical position of Canada inter-
lacing, interlocking, and interlining all of this
American continent, from Passamaquoddy, in
the State of Maine, to Puget sound, on the
Pacific, makes it impossible for us to keep up
the same high rates of duty with regard to Can-
ada that we can keep up with regard to Euro-
pean countries. Sir, if we were to line the
whole of this vast coast with custom-house offi-
cers, from Puget sound to Passamaquoddy,
you would have no power to collect the high
duties that your tariff proposes. Thousands
upon thousands of custom-house officers, sta-
tioned upon these thousands of miles of front-
ier, running as it does into the very bosom of
our territory at Detroit, could never collect
these dut-ies, and the amount of smuggling
would be beyond anything that has ever been
known in any European country.
Hence, reason, practical common sense, and
self-interest alike demand that in some form
or other negotiations should be entered into
for reciprocal trade with our Canadian brethren
upon the frontier.
Thus much upon that subject; and I have but
a few words to add in reference to two of the
articles included in the treaty, barley and coal.
But before I proceed to make these remarks,
I wish to say that abrogation or interference
with sixty-four millions of trade, for that is the
amount of our trade with the British Provinces,
is a very serious undertaking; and when it is
undertaken and accomplished, I venture to say
there will come an. outcry from the frontier and
from all parts of this great country -.vliich will
demand a renewal, in some form or other, of
this trade with Canada and the other British
Provinces.
1 will not consume the time of the committee
further than to dwell upon two articles. Let
me take first the article of barley. Under the
old tariff the duty on barley was fifteen cents
a bushel. Barley is imported from Canada. It
is only in the northern high latitudes of our
country, in Minnesota and northern Iowa, that
we can raise barley of a sufficiently good quality
to make that article which is so much consumed,
not only by our German fellow-citizens, but by
all of us now; I mean the article of lager beer.
Mr. BLAINE. Thegentleman seems to have
forgotten one of the products of his native State.
Mr. BROOKS. I thank the gentleman for
reminding me of one of the hardy productions
of my own native State. Maine, Minnesota,
northern Iowa, and the high northern latitudes
produce an article of barley that is fit to be
manufactured into lager beer. No like article
can be produced in the more southern latitudes
of our country.
Now, sir, in addition to our tax upon this
article of lager beer, so largely consumed by
Germans, and which produces for us now an
enormous amount of revenue, largely support-
ing this Government, we are about to add a
tax of fifteen cents per bushel upon the whole
amount of barley which we import from Canada,
which for the last year was six million bush-
els. Enough, however, upon that subject.
Now a word or two in regard to what has
been said upon coal. It is alleged that the coal
miners and those who have invested their capi-
tal in coal to a very large amount have failed.
I did not hear the statement made by the
