186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. JOHNSON. Will you tell what it was ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, not until the time
comes. [Laughter. ]
Mr. CLARK. That was in war times.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was in war times ;
but these are so very near war times that in
regard to collecting revenue the same doctrine
perhaps may be held to apply. Now, I really
trust the Senate will not put a law which is
already clearly on the statute-book again on
to this little bill for the sake of reminding the
Secretary of what he knows perfectly well.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no anxiety, sir, for
the statute-book; I do not enter into the feelings
of the Senator from Maine on that point, and I
say frankly that my judgment cannot accept his
conclusion; at the same time I say with equal
frankness I am going to follow his suggestion.
I do it against my own judgment and out of def-
erence to him. He has this bill in charge, and
in the exercise of his discretion ho objects to
the Senate ingrafting upon it this new injunction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Old injunction.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says "old in-
junction." I want the old injunction made
new because of the exigency. The Senator
asks who ever heard of such a thing being done
by a legislative body as reenacting an old law?
Who ever before heard of such a thing being
done in this country, by a branch of the execu-
tive, as deliberately setting aside an important
statute of the land? Sir, this is a grave mat-
ter, and 1 desire to say here openly, and with
all possible personal kindness for the distin-
guished Secretary of the Treasury, which I am
sure I have as much as any Senator now before
me, that I consider his course on this occasion
as most mischievous to the country, utterly un-
precedented, and deserving the rebuke of Con-
gress. It belongs to the other House properly
to consider where a member of the executive
Government has violated the laws of the land;
but the Senate, as it seemed to me, might, with-
out impropriety, replace once more on the stat-
ute-book a provision dear to the people of this
country at this moment, which that officer had
undertaken to disregard. I have no sensitiveness
about reenactment. I should like to see it re-
enacted again. What is good wo may as well
repeat, lino upon line, and prccept upon pre-
cept: and I believe this Congress would not
err now if it should again embody in the legis-
lation of the country all those important and
fundamental provisions which it regards as es-
sential to the public peacc. The public peace,
in my opinion, has been endangered by the
course of the Secretary of the Treasury. lie
has given encouragement to rebels where he
should have given encouragement only to the
devoted friends of the Union. Ho has taken'
rebels by the hand, and has invested them with
the powers of this Government under the Con-
stitution of the United States; and in doing
that he has offended against the laws of the
laud. But I have already said that I shall ac-
cept the suggestion of the Senator from Maine.
My purpose lias been accomplished in calling
the attention of the country to the course of the
Secretary and in solemnly reminding him from
myjplaee here of his duties.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President  '
Mr. SUMNER. I therefore withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. DAVIS, The Senator cannot withdraw
it while I have the floor; and as I have the
floor I will say a word.
Mr. President, I was very much gratified by
a sentiment that was uttered by the honorable
Senator from Michigan [Mr. Howard] in the
conclusion of his remarks. It was to this effect,
that the Senate should remind the Secretary of
the Treasury and all other officers that the high-
est duty of an officer was obedience to the law.
I certainty approve fully that truth, and I think
that that lesson could be studied with very great
advantage by the members of the Senate, and
particularly by the Senator from Massachusetts.
|Mr. Sumner.] He speaks to the same effect', .
and with all his peculiar and distinctive em- '
phasis, that the Secretary ought to be admon-
ished that it is his duty to observe and to have
executed the law. How often has the Senator
from Massachusetts within a very few years
proclaimed in relation to the fugitive slave law
that he would not execute that law! How
often have his people, and men holding high
position in office in the State of Massachusetts
assumed defiance to the execution of that law of
Congress notwithstanding their oaths of office!
It is the duty of Congress to pass laws, and
it is the province of this branch of Congress to
take its part in the act of passing laws; but
whose duty is it to execute the laws, or to see
that the laws are executed ? I ask the Senator
from Massachusetts, what power has the Senate
to assume to itself the office of seeing that a
law of .Congress shall be executed? According
to my reading of the Constitution, it is the ex-
ecutive function and the duty of the President
of the United States to see that this and all
other laws are executed. When Congress has
passed a law, their jurisdiction over the subject-
matter of the law is functus officio. It then
passes into the hands of another department of
the Government, and it becomes a function of
the President or the chief Executive of the G ov-
ernment of the United States to see that the law
is executed.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts
asks for a remedy. What remedy does he pro-
pose? He says there is a law upon the statute-
book which requires officers to take a particular
oath, and that the Secretary of the Treasury
has dispensed with the enforcement of that law
in relation to particular officers, and has, there-
fore, exercised a dispensing power. When it is
convenient or agreeable to the Senator to have
a dispensing power exercised ho is very will-
ing to have it exercised, but in no other state
of case. How many laws have been dispensed
with during this war in accordance with the
feelings and purposes of that honorable Sen-
ator, and to which dispensation he has given
his full sanction and approbation !
Mr. President, I think it would be puerile
to reenact the clause of the law to which the
Senator refers, and which he wishes to have
recnacted by his amendment. Why? If the
Secretary of the Treasury will not execute one
law, he would not execute another law on the
same subject if another law should be piled on
that one. What additional obligation would
there be u^ion the Secretary of the Treasury to
execute this law, if the Senator's amendment
should be adopted by the Senate and accepted
by the House of Representatives? None. Is
the case wit hout a remedy? Not at all. Whose
duty and whose ofliee is it to see that this law
is executed? It is that of the President. The
President may Require the Secretary to execute
the law, and if the Secretary is contumacious
and refuses to execute the law, the President
may remove him. That is one remedy.
There is another remedy. If it is objected
that these officers are executing the functions
of their respective places without having taken
that oath, let the Senator from Massachusetts,
or any man who chooses, sue out a writ of quo
warranto agaiusl them to know by what au-
thority they are executing those offices. That
is a plain remedy.
There may be still another remedy. Suppose
the Senator from Massachusetts resorts to the
courts of the country an d asks for a writ of man-
damus directed to these officers to take the. oath
which, he says, they have omitted to take. Why,
sir, the legal and appropriate remedies for such
a ease are strewed all around the Senator. All
that he or any gentleman has to do is to resort
to these appropriate constitutional remedies.
But instead of that he comes into the Senate
and asks the Senate to undertake the office of
seeing that the law of Congress is executed,
when the Senate has not a figment of power to
any such end.
I suppose that if this amendment should pre-
vail, the matter would have just the same legal
effect and no more, even if it should become a
part of the new law, that it now has. It seems
to me to be supererogation, and to be, on the
part of the Senate, infringing upon the execu-
tive functions of the Government of the United
States in regard to the execution of its law, to
take the present action in furtherance of the
motive which the honorable Senator has as-
signed. For myself, therefore, if the question
shall be pressed upon this amendment, I shall
vote against it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the Senator from Massachusetts as
withdrawing the amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I withdraw the proposition.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, was
read the third time, and passed.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL'S REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Printing, to whom was referred a resolution to
print live hundred additional copies of the re-
port of the Quartermaster General for the uso
of the State Department, reported it back with-
out amendment.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to, as follows :
Jicwlvrd, That five hundred additional copies of
the animal report of the Quartermaster General bo
printed fur the use of the I epartment of State.
DIPLOMATIC CORRESPONDENCE.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
ten thousand additional copies of certain dip-
lomatic correspondence for the use of the De-
partment of State, have instructed me to report
it back without amendment, and recommend
its passage. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution :
licsolvcd, That ten thousand additional copies of
the documents containing diplomatic correspondence
recently called for by Congress be printed for the use
of the btatc Department.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Thatis an extraordinary
number of documents to print for theuse of the
Department. I have never known that number
of any document to be called for by any Depart-
ment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Two thousand lias been
the outside.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This resolution, as I un-
derstand, proposes to print tun thousand copies
of this correspondence for the use of the Depart -
mentof State. Vv e have never published such a
number as that before.
Mr. SUMNER. We never published that
number before by an order of the Senate. During
the last year the House ordered that number.
Mr. IRUMBULL. For the State Depart-
ment ?
Mr. SUMNER. For the State Department.
I understand they Avere disrribnted extensively
throughout the nations of the earth.
Mr. ANTHONY. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will allow me to explain it, I can
probably satisfy the Senator from Illinois. A
statute allows the President of the United States
to fix the number of copies of the diplomatic
correspondence that shall be printed for the use
of the Department; the Senate has nothing to
do with it. The President, in his discretionThas
directed that ten thousand copies of the diplo-
matic correspondence shall beprinted. the same
number that was ordered to be printed last year,
for the use of the Department of Slate. After
this correspondence had been seutin, there were
a few additional letters calied for by Congress
and sent in; and now the Secretary of State has
addressed a letter to the committee asking that
the same number of copies of this additional cor-
respondence may be printed as the President has
ordered of the other. The cost will bo $500.
Mr. IRUMBULL. I am not at all satisfied
myself; I do not know how the rest of the Sen-
ate feel about it. T should like to know what
the State^Department dues with ten thousand
copies of this foreign correspondence. We
have no such number of officers abroad. The
Senator from Massachusetts tells us that this
correspondence is sent to various parts of the
world. If the Government of the United States
is going to get up works upon international law
and circulate them among the nations of the
world for their enlightenment and benefit, 1
think we ought to inquire, first, what the con-
dition of the Treasury is before we begin this
