4130
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it not so as to all our
appropriations?
Mr. GRIMES. There are some tilings that
are right patent before our eyes. I live near
this Circle that we struck out an appropriation
for. They asked an appropriation of $1,000
■'to take care of the Circle." That is the
language.
Mr. UONNESS. To take care it does not
run off. [Laughter.]
Mr. GRIMES. I would undertake to take
care of it certainly as well as it has ever been
taken care of, for §100 a year. It is the Circle
■where the Washington monument is. In re-
gard to Pennsylvania, avenue, Congress has
never appropriated any money to clean or to
sprinkle it exccpt just before the inauguration
of the Washington statue, on the 22d of Feb-
ruary, 18G0. when we appropriated $200, and
I guess-that is the only time it ever was cleaned.
We are gradually working in here, through the
phraseology adopted in this clause, a recogni-
tion of the obligation of the Government to
clean and to sprinkle it, when we have fur-
nished an aqueduct that gives a bountiful sup-
ply of water, at an expense of §3,000,000. All
they ha\ e to do is to put on the liose and sprin-
kle it themselves; and yet they have got an
appropriation of $10,000 here to sprinkle it.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will vary my motion so
as to strike out after the word " avenue'' the
words " and sprinkling the same, and keeping
it clean and free from dirt."
Mr.,SHERMAN. Before these amendments
are made I want to show the Senate that the
Committee on Finance have pursued the ordi-
nary course in regard to these appropriations.
We first found them submitted to us in the Sec-
retary ofilie Treasuiy's annual estimates. They
are sent from the Commissioner of Public
Buddings tlnough the Interior Department to
the Secretary of the Treasury, and are submit-
ted !o us iu the annual printed estimates. All
these esliinutes are indorsed by the Treasury
Department and submitted to us in printed
form. These estimates referred to by the
Senator from Maine now were submitted to us
in that way. As a matter of course they have
the sanction of the, executive department of
the (iovernnient before they conic to us. It is
right and proper that, I he Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds or the Committee on
the District of Columbia should exercise a su-
pervision ou-r these matters; but as a'matter
of course the Committee on Finance eannotgo
behind these appropriations made according to
estimates unless some complaint is made. I
am very glad to see the Senator take supervis-
ion of the subject.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask that tho amendment
be reported.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
reported as moditied.
The Secretary read the amendment., which
wason page 1">, in lines three hundred and forty-
oni! and loity-two, to strike out the words "and
sprinkling the same, and keep it clean and free
from dirt;" so as to rend, ''for repairs of Penn-
sylvania avenue, $10,000."
Mr. MORRILL. Now,I move to strike out
'• *10,000" and insert "$5,000."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that it is not
probable that keeping it clean and sprinkling
it would amount to as much as one half the
nppiopriation. There is a good deal to bo
done on Pennsylvania avenue this year. I
do not feel disposed to dispute tho authority
of the chairman of the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia if he has investigated it.
Mr. MORRILL. There are other specific
appropriations made for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. What are they?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 do not find anywhere
the estimate for taking care of the Circle.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move further to amend on
the same page by striking out, lines three hun-
dred and thirty-nine and three hundred and
forty, as follows:
For casual repairs of the Potomac, navy yard, and
upper bridges, Se.ulffl.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why strike out that?
Mr. MORRILL. I will explain. This ses-
sion, and within a month, on the application
of the Commissioner of Public Buildings, the
Committee on the District of Columbia reported
a resolution appropriating $10,000 or $15,000,
I am not sure which, but I think the latter sum,
for repairs of the Potomac bridge, which was
said to-be ample. Now this provision here
is "for casual repairs of the Potomac, navy-
yard, and upper bridges. " We have got an
appropriation for the Potomac bridge on the
eleventh page of this bill, where you appro-
priate, "to enable the Commissioner of Public
Buildings to put in thorough repair the bridge
across the Potomac at Little Falls, in accord-
ance with the estimate of tho engineer, $2,410."
There is a specific appropriation for one of the
bridges covered by the item I move to strike
out, so that we have already had specific appro-
priations said to be ample for two of the three
bridges here provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a bill making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses for the
coming year. The specific appropriations
alluded to are made for repairs actually ne-
cessary at the present time to put the bridges
in order. There are four bridges that are pro-
vided for. We provided the sum estimated
from actual examination to make the repairs
absolutely necessary now. Then it is custom-
ary to provide a fund for the year for casual ■
expenses that may occur-in the way of injury
to these bridges ; there are four of them. If
the sum appropriated is too large to provide
for contingencies we can cut it down.
Mr. MORRILL. You have appropriated
in this bill §5,000 for the navy-yard bridge
besides this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is absolutely
necessary now.
Mr. MORRILL. What occurred to mo was
that if this is for the contingent expense!! of
the coming year, this Congress will be in ses-
sion again, and ample time will be given.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But we are now mak-
ing appropriations for the year 18G7. We do
not wait until the next session of Congress to
do that. We bring in a deficiency bill if it
becomes necessary, but we do not provide in
advance for deficiency bills.
Mr. MORRILL. My ground is that all the
specific appropriations necessary for these
bridges have been made. The Commissioner
has not been before either of the committees
of the Senate that have the supervision of these
matters. There is opportunity for him to do
so at the next session, and before these repairs
will be needed; and I submit to the Senate that
it should be his duty to go before these com-
mittees and submit the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 14, lines three
hundred and nineteen, three hundred and
twenty, and three hundred and twenty-one, I
move to strike out "for the necessary ex-
penses to be incurred in consequence of open-
ing Sixth street west across the Mall, and in
making fences, $2,000." That street is not
open.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suspcct it has been
opened.
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; it has been au-
thorized. but not, opened.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Authorized by whom?
Mr. MORRILL. Authorized by Congress
two years ago. The street has been author-
ized to be opened. It is to be opened by the
city. There are no expenses to be incurred
by us until the street is made. I move to strike
out the appropriation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the city open it, who
is to fence the public grounds?
Mr. MORRILL. We.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is to meet, not
the expense of opening, but the expense that
is to follow the opening. We have authorized
the opening of the street through the public
ground",. If the city authorities open it. as I
suppose they intend to do, wo have got to
meet certain expenses and provide for them
in advance. This is an appropriation of $2,000
for that purpose. Why should that be struck
out?
Mr. MORRILL. It should not, provided
the eity open the street, but the city are under
no obligation to do it. They have been author-
ized to do it for two years, and have not taken
the first step yet.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose this is put
in because they have expressed their deter-
mination to open it. What steps they have
taken in the matter I do not know.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no disposition to
urge it.
Mr. BROWN. The money cannot be ex-
pended until the street is opened.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly not.
Mr. SHERMAN. I was opposed to this
item originally on the ground that we ought
not to open Sixth street; but on looking at the
law I found that its opening had already been
provided for.
Mr. FESSENDEN. -I agree to that; but
we cannot help ourselves. *
Mr. GRIMES. The law that authorized the
street to be opened provided that it should not
be opened until it was done with the assent of
the Surgeon General of the United States
Army, who was sccupying a portion of the
square through which the street would run,
with the Armory hospital. I have looked at
that street recently, and I do not see that those
hospitals have been removed or that the build-
ings will be interfered with. I apprehend there
is not much likelihood of their being removed
before we assemble again in December at any
rate. If the Committee on Finance are dis-
posed to keep the clause in upon the supposi-
tion—for I understand they do not know any-
thing about it—that the city may open the
street, I am content. I desire to say, however,
that the city did not seek to have the street
opened; the law that was passed authorizing
it to be opened was in the interest of a railroad
company who desired to establish a street rail-
road down there. I was opposed to opening
it; but Congress decided differently.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no sort of objec-
tion to the clause being struck out personally,
but I gave what I supposed to be the reason
for the appropriation.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not think it is needed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is for the Senate to
do what it pleases.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the attention of the
committee to this item commencing at line
three hundred, on page 13:
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace,
when neccssary, such as have been planted by the
United States, to whitewash tree-boxes and fcnces.
and to repair pavements in front of the public
grounds, $3,000.
I have noticed for several years since I have
been here that that is the usual appropriation.
What is peculiar in it will be seen. In the first
place, it cannot, be supposed that $3,000 woul4
be necessary every year as an appropriation
for planting trees. We do not plant, probably,
three thousand trees here each year on the
public reservations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is for several other
things.
Mr. MORRILL. - That is what I object to.
For purchase of trees and tree-boxes, to replace,
when necessary, such as have been planted by the
United States, to whitewash tree-boxes o.nd fenees,
and to repair pavements in front of the public
grounds, $3,000.
It is impossible to tell what is forpavements,
what js for tree-boxes, and what is for white-
washing; and then in another part of this bill
you appropriate SI, 500for whitewashing fences.
I make_ no motion, of course ; I am not certain
that it is not proper; I know it has been the
usual appropriation ; butl call attention to iton
the ground that I think the Commissoner of
Public Buildings ought to send to some proper
committee his estimates, and they should not
come in in this way.
Now, I offer this amendment, to come in on
