1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1251
honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Ste vexs. ] I would like to have him state again
the number of failures among those who have
invested their capital in coal mines. I did not
hear the statement he made to the gentleman
from Vermont, [Mr. Morriu,.]
Mr. STEVENS. I spoke of companies which
had teen renewed and revived in the region
represented by the gentleman from Maryland,
[Mr. P. TnoMAS.] He could tell more about
the matter than I can. I know of two or three
companies there which have failed, though their
capital has been renewed. I know that at pres-
ent their capital is all sunk or doing no good,
and will not be doing any good of course until
they can get their productions to a market-
Mr. BROOKS. T want that statement to go
before the country in this connection: that
ninety out of one hundred of our merchants
also fail.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me a moment?
Mr. BROOKS. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman to dis-
tinguish between anthracite coal and bitumi-
nous coal. There lias been no plea made here
to-day for anthracite coal. This bill contem-
plates none but bituminous coal.
Mr. BROOKS. The best reply to all this
plea for coal, an ironical plea it may be, is to
be found in the hearts of the poor people of the
country who have had to pay during the past
winter from fourteen to sixteen dollars a ton
for that coal. "What more eloquent answer can
there be than to let the mouths of our poor
countrymen state the prices they have been
paying for their coal?
Mr. Chairman, tho coal mines of Pennsyl-
vania are not all owned there, not 1he half of
them, even. A large portion of my constitu-
ents have invested the surplus of their capital
in the coal mines of Pennsylvania. I care not
what may be said about their having lost their
capital in the coal business. It is well known
that none of our people make greater display
of wealth in fashionable society than do these
same capitalists and their wives and daughters.
Note the magnificent adornment ot their wives
and daughters ; their diamonds, their brace-
lets, their jewels, and all those things which
make woman beautiful. The proof is sufficient
that the owners of these coal-mine stocks have
made largo profits. I know they have made
■within the last two, three, or four years, at least
twenty per cent, per annum upon the capital
they have invested.
Mr. Chairman, I might dwell at almost any
length upon these subjects. But my friend from
Maine [Mr. Blaise] desires to say a few words
on this bill, and with the consent of the gentle-
man from Vermont, [Mr. Mokmij,,] by whose
courtesy I have been speaking, I will now yield
to him.
Mr. MORRILL. How long does the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Blat\-e] desire to speak?
I was about to move that the committee rise.
Mr. BLAINE. T can say all I desire to say
in five minutes.
Mr. "MORRILL. I will yield to him for that
time, retaining my right to the floor, so that I
can submit the motion that the committee rise
in order to close debate.
Mr. BLAINE. Before general debate is
closed, Mr. Chairman, I desire to occupy the
attention of the committee a few minutes in
regard to tho provisions of the pending meas-
ure. It is styled "A bill regulating trade with
the North American British Pro\ inces," and^ is
designed to take the place of the " reciprocity
treaty," whose final lei ruination will be joy-
fully"hailed 011 the 17th of this month. The
bill' seems to me so radically wrong in its de-
tails that 1 deipair of seeing it amended into
all)' acceptable form, and I therefore wish to
have a test question 011 it at this time. It seems
to me to sacrifice and subordinate American
intei ests to provincial interests; and, so tar as
my own State and distrietare concerned, it cer-
tainly aiibrds 110 adequate protection 0gainst
miurions competition trom the Canadas and
New Brunswick. I represent a constituency
whose leading interest is agriculture; and I
look in vain in this bill for any fair protection
to that interest against the cheap and untaxed
products of our British neighbors. The same
is true of the lumber trade, also a hrge inter-
est in my district—an interest most i: juriousiy
affected by the reciprocity treaty, ane which is
not much improved by the scale of duties pro-
posed in this bill. As the matter stands I pre-
fer to leave the whole question to be regulated
in a general tariff law, and not have any spe-
cific basis of trade with the British Provinces
different from other foreign countries. I11 order
to test the sense of the committee on the merits
of the bill, I move now to strike out the enact-
ing clause.
On the motion to strike out the enacting
clause of the bill, there were—ayes 01, noes
06.
Mr. BLAINE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and the Chairman
appointed Messrs. Bl.uxe and Morrill.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 53, noes 08.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I11 order to terminate de-
bate 011 this bill, I move that the committee
rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and tho Speaker
having resumed tho chair, Mr. Raymond re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 337, regulating trade with the
British North American possessions, and had
come to 110 resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that when the
Committee of the Whole 011 the stale of tho
Union shall resume the consideration ot this
bill, all general debate shall terminate in twenty
minutes. There are two gentlemen who de-
sire to speak about ten minutes each, and I
think it fair thai they should be accommodated.
The motion was agreed to.
EXROT/LED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
(II. R. No. 17) giving the consent of Congress j
to the transfer of the counties of Berkeley and
Jefferson to tho State of West Virginia; when
the Speaker signed the same.
PRESIDENT JUAREZ.
A message in writing, from the President of
the United States, was received by Mr. W. G.
Moore, his Secretary.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before tho House the following message from
the President of the United States :
To the House of Representatives:
Tn answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 27th ultimo, requesting
certain information in relation to President
Benito Juarez, of .Mexico, I transmit, a report
from the Secretary of State.
ANDREW JOHNSON".
Washington, March 0, l!Wt>.
The message, with the accompanying report,
was referred to the Committee 011 Eoreigu Af-
fairs, and ordered to be printed.
INTERNAh RE'V11N VE.
On motion of Mr. MO URILL, Senat c amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 201) entitled " An
act to declare the meaning of certain parts of
the internal revenue*^iel, approved June 30,
1804, and for other proposes," were, hy unan-
imous consent, taken from the Speaker stable,
and referred to the Committee of W ays and
Means.
LEAVE or ABSENCE.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the delegation in Congress from my State has
appointed a committee, consisting of five ot its
members, my colleague from the Monmouth
district. [Mr! Harding,] my colleague from
the Springfield district, [Mr. CullomJ my col-
league from the State at large, [Mr. Motjlton,]
my colleague from the Shelbyville district, [Mr.
Thornton,] and myself, to proceed to west
Point to-morrow to' attend the funeral of one
of the noblest and most, gifted sons of our1
State. ^ I allude to Colonel Theodore M. Bow-
ers, adjutant general upon the staff of Lieu-
tenant General Grant. Colonel Bowers, who
yesterday was instantly killed while getting
upon the cars at Garrison's Landing, opposite
West Point, was a man of qualities so remark-
able, of patriotism so pure, of loyalty so ele-
vated, of a character so exalted, and had ren-
dered during the war services so valuable to the
country, that the members of both Houses from
the State of Illinois deem it proper to pay a
tribute to his memory by being represented at
his funeral. I therefore ask leave of absence
for my colleagues whom I have named and
myself for the remainder of this week.
Leave was granted.
AUGUSTINE A1II0T.
Mr. TIIAYER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to confirm to Augustine Amiot,
or his legal representatives, a certain lot of
ground in the city of St. Louis; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee 011 Private Land Claims.
And then, on motion of Mr. LE BLOND,
the House, (at twenty minutes to five o'clock
p. m. )'adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &e.,were presented under
the rule and referred to appropriate committees:
By Mr. ALLKY: XI1 e petition of Rockport Savings
Bank, for reduction of taxes.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of lion. James Ad-
ams, Nathan A. Tufts. Edward Lawrcnee, and others,
officers of the Warren Institute of Savings, in Charles-
town, Massachusetts, praying exemption from the
payment of any tax upon deposits 01 otherwise, ex-
cept the tax ot five per cent. upon dividends as now
provided bv law.
By Mi. COBB: Tho petition of Francis Baker, of
Linden, "Wisconsin, for a change ill tho internal rev-
enue laws.
By Mr. DELANO: Tho petition of James McLaugh-
lin, John McCune, Samuel Huffman, Uugli Dunne,
Burke Clark, Daniel Chrisman, and llcnry Rogers,
for an appropriation of $21,150, the value of cotton
lost on the flotilla lirst running tho blockade of the
Mississippi, at Vioksburg, Mississippi.
Also, the petition of Robert Sapp, and 300 others,
citizens and wool-growers of Knox county, Ohio,
praying for such dutv on foreign wools as may afford
equal protection to the wool-groivers as now received
by woolen manufacturers of this country.
By Mr.FIjK.HV: The memorial of citizens of Mich-
igan, praying that no rebellious State be restored to
tho Union except upon tho following accepted con-
^'ll'That the Union of the United States shall be per-
pctu.i!. , . .
2. That denial of suffrage on account of raco or color
shall bo an exclusion of such population from repre-
ss''ThtTnnfional faith of the United States shall be
held forever sacred; that each State .shall share its
just proportion of national responsibilities: that no
debt incurred bv any rebellious State shall be recog-
nized or paid by the United States or individual
State. . . , . . ,
!. That no distinction m laws or municipal regu-
lations on account of color or descent, nor payment
cither by United States or State tor emancipated
slaves. „ ,, ,.
5. Congress shall have power to enforce these arti-
cles bv appropriate legislation. . ,
I By Mr. HOOPKR, ot Massachusetts: Themcmorial
i of manufacturers of concentrated fertilisers, for relief
I from discrimination byadmittingthetoreign products
i lree of duty and taxing the domestic manulacturc.
I Bv Mr, ilULBUHD. The remonstrance of II. h.
1 Ward and others, eiti7ens of St. Lawrence county,
1 New York, against admission of southern States until
! proper guarantees are secured. „ .
I By Mr. INUKItSOLL: Thepctition of John ft. Fans,
1 and HO others, soldieis of Marshall county, Illinois,
I praying for the equalization of bounties.
i By Mr. KKTCHAM: The memorial of assistant
i assessors of the twelfth district of ew 1 ork, m favor
of allowance of necessary traveling expenses.
Bv Mr. LAWltlSCE, of Ohio: The petition of U
IT. Ilea and others, of Logan county, .Ohio, m favor
of sundry amendments to the Constitution ot the
UlYyCMr.1 LOXGYEAIl: The potation of George II.
French, and 399 others, asking tor an extension of tlio
land grant to the Amboy, Lansing and lrajrcrscBay
TJoiivrvirl OoiiiT)fLiiv« in tlie ist&tc of !Mlclii^un.
Also,'the petition of Henry A. Shaw, and 542 otters,
f0«kl:h? memorial of the Jackson, Lansing and
SiicrinaV Ilailrood Company, m regard to railiofid
grants in the State of Michigan, and remonstrating
against the renewal and continuance of the Amboy,
Lansing, and Traverse bay land grant on the present
line of its road south of Lansing.
