1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2211
our backs to assume tlie raiglity load of
$■2,000,000,000—an amount two thirds as great
as our total national debt—yet to be paid to the
people of the reconstructed South for the suf-
ferings and losses caused by a war created by
themselves. And yet not a farthing is to be
expended for the benefit of the great loyal
Northwest, which has put forth every exertion
to save the Government. Sir, it is our right
to demand this measure. It is for us not only
a right, but a necessity. This road cannot be
built without some such measure to assist it,
and the people of the Northwest are entitled
to it at the hands of tlie General Government.
The road must be bnilt. If gentlemen are so
liberal in their expectations of paying thou-
sands of millions hereafter to the people of the
South, certainly they can risk $.3G,000,000upon
good security to unite the great lakes with the
Pacific ocean.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield five minutes of my
time to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Dodob.]
Mr. DODGE. Mr. Speaker, I propose to
examine this question for a very few moments
as a business man and with reference to its
influence upon the business of the country and
the interest which the Government has in the
completion of this road.
I presume, sir, that when the Congress of
1884 granted the charter for the construction of
this road it was in view of the fact that the
completion of the road was calculated to ad-
vance the interests of the country. At that
time a bargain was made, such as railroad men
often make with sections of the country that
need the completion of railroads. Those who
have been familiar with the construction of rail-
roads know how often, for the sake of securing
the building of a single spur or branch through
an unimproved and undeveloped portion of the
country, those who own the land are ready to
come forward and offer to the railroad com-
pany one half, or any fair proportion of the land
which they own, and which is entirely unmarket-
able, if the company will build a railroad which
will give value to the land.
In this case the Government not only had
unproductive land which it was desirous of
rendering productive, but it had other objects.
It looked to the vast population settling on the
Pacific coast. It looked to Oregon, a thou-
sand miles north of San Francisco. It looked
to the vast mineral resources of the country,
which this road would open to development
and settlement. Looking at all this, a bargain
was made, which, for the Government, would
have been a good bargain if those with whom
the bargain was made had had the ability to
cam' it out.
They came for this charter under the full
expectation, probably, that obtaining a charter
with such liberal grants of land they would be
able to find capitalists with the necessary money
to build the road. The moment they presented
the charter to men of capital, from whom they
must have the money, they saw at once there
was to be an expenditure of from twenty to
thirty million dollars before this land could be
made available. The consequence was, when
they went to capitalists here and elsewhere,
they failed to find those who were willing to
take this immense grant of land, this wild and
mountainous land—land, as thegentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] has truly said,
entirely unavailable, and which could not be
sold to any capitalists in the world for five
cents an acre.
They failed to find the capital, but they did
not. fail to find those who. if they could control
this charter, would he glad to make it acces-
sory to great works through the British North
American provinces. They found British cap-
ital could be obtained to build this road.
I will say to the House that I have not been
interested to the extent of one dollar in the
Northern or Central Pacific railroad: but when I
found, a few weeks ago. a gentleman with whom
I have been acquainted for years, and whom I
have looked upon as the best railroad man in
the country; when 1 found that he and his as-
sociates, some of the be«t railroad men in New
England: men whose-management have made
them what they are; men well known in the
moneyed circles of New York and New Eng-
land—when, I say, a few months ago there was
danger that this franchise would fall into the
hands of British capitalists, these men met in
Boston and looked over the charter ; and they
decided that something should be done to pre-
vent this charter falling into the hands of Brit-
ish capitalists. They decided they would take
this charter from these parties and pay the
honorable expenses which had been contracted
in preliminary surveys and such other inci-
dental expenses, which every one who has had
anything to do with railroads is aware enter
into every such arrangement.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's five
minutes have expired.
Mr. DONNELLY. I have agreed to yield
five minutes of my time to the gentleman from
Connecticut.
Mr. ITUBBARD, of Connecticut. I do not
propose to detain the House with any extended
remarks.
Mr. COCKLING. My colleague would like
to continue his remarks, and I hope the gen-
tleman from Connecticut will yield to him for
that purpose.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. Thegen-
tleman can continue his remarks after I have
closed.
Mr. CONKLING. That will interrupt his
remarks, and I hope he will be permitted to
finish them at this time.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I yield
for that purpose, with the understanding that
I shall have the tloor when he is through.
Mr. DODGE. I do not ask for more than
five minutes.
Mr. Speaker, I will come directly to the point
which I had in view when I rose. I believe the
interests of the country demand not only the
completion of the Central but the completion
of the Northern Pacific railroad. I differ
entirely with the remarks of some gentlemen
here that the demand upon the Government.on
the part of the Northern Pacific railroad will
shake the credit of the country. I have no
hesitation in saying that the aid granted by the
American Congress to the Central Pacific rail-
road has done as much as any other thing to
give credit, substantial credit, to Government
issues both in our own country and in Europe.
Why? They know well there is in the center
of this continent an immense deposit of the
precious metals, and they know if we build this
railroad that instead of producing as we have
done in the last ten years SI,000,000,000. forten
years to come we will produce S2,000,000,000,
and will have the precious metals as the basis
not only for the circulation of our own country
but to pay the bonds not only in this country
but in Europe. I believe if it, were known to-
day that by some magic the Central Pacific
railroad and the Northern Pacific railroad
could both be completed in a couple of years
and the Government had to pay S100.030,000
for it, it would strengthen rather than diminish
the credit of the country.
These gentlemen that have now token hold
of this thing expect to put their hands in their
own pockets down to the elbow and bring out
the money that will build this road. They will
complete the first twenty-five miles before they
ask for the guarantee of a dollar. And when
that, is done, $7-30,001) to $1,000,000 more.
They do not expect simply to spend the money
they receive here, and they cannot think of
going forward to build the road, relying for
their pay upon the proceeds of the sale of lands
until the road itself shall be remunerative.
Sir, I believe that the country generally and
I believe that members of this Congress honestly
feci that this road oua'ht to be built. I know
the men in whose hands the enterprise is. They
are some of the best railroad men of the coun-
try, and it is not for speculation that they have
embarked in it. They are just the men that tlic
United States Government can trust to eom-
ll mence it and carry it on to completion.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I desire
to say a word or two on the question now be-
fore the House, and if I take a wrong view of it,
I hope the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,]
who reported the bill, will be able to convince
me of my error, as his arguments are always
candid, clear, and strong.
I am in favor of the construction of the road,
warmly in favor of it, and for all the reasons
stated by my eloquent friend from Minnesota,
[Mr. Doxxhlly.J But for the present I am
opposed to it. And that the grounds of my op-
position may be clearly understood, I will state
them.
I deny that Congress has the right or the
power to bind the Government, as an indorser
of a private contract. That, is my first objec-
tion. We have power to regulate commerce
with foreign nations, between the States, and
with the Indian tribes, the power to establish
post, offices and post roads; but this is a pri-
vate enterprise, as I understand it, and I can-
not think that, there are any lawyers in this
House who have given attention to the subject
who will venture to give an opinion that the
power to regulate commerce and establish post
offices and post roads confers upon Congress
the authority to bring the Government in as a
guarantor of a private enterprise.
This, then, is my first objection to the bill.
I wish I could see my way clear to vote for it,
for I am in favor, as I said before, of the con-
struction of this road as warmly as any man
can be.
Then I have another objection to the bill.
It was not my good fortune to listen to the de-
bate upon this subject, yesterday. Perhaps if
I had been here my doubts would have been
swept away. But," sir, this bill involves an
appropriation ultimately. It cannot be ques-
tioned that if the Government becomes aguar-
1 alitor and loses by the failure of the company,
! then an appropriation must be made, and that,
! too, without its being considered in Committee
of the Whole. It will be necessary for some
future Congress to make an appropriation to
save the credit, and the honor of the nation.
So that in this way we are forestalling the ac-
tion of this House as in Committee of the
Whole. I object, to our taking action now
which will compel some future Congress to
make an appropriation to save the credit and
the honor of the nation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota [Mr. Doxxelly] has two minutes of his
time left.
Mr. DONNELLY. I yield it to the gentle-
man from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH. I offer the following amend-
ment 
The SPEAKER. It can only be d one by the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wextwoeth]
withdrawing his motion to refer.
Mr. WENTWOKTH. I do not propose to
withdraw it, but I propose to offer the amend-
ment myself, in order that the gentleman may
get it in.
Mr. SMITH. How do you know you will
approve it?
Mr. WENTWORTII. I do not care what it
is; if gentlemen want to offer their amend-
ments, I want to let them, so that they may all
go to the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. Thegentleman will have
to withdraw the motion to commit and offer the
amendment himself.
Mr. WE XT WO iUTI. Can I offer it, and
then renew the motion?
j! The SPEAKElt. Yes, sir.
jj Mr. WENT WORTH. Then I will do it by
h unanimous consent. [Laughter.]
i| The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
|! At the end of the second section insert thofollowins
!: Provide J. That the land on the south side of tha
-!1 Rsxid railroad, tho proceeds of which are also to be
; picdsred to the payment of the interest guarantied by
!• the Government, shall not be s>oM except on terms to
!, be agreed io by the Secretary oi the Treasury.
11 Mr. SMITH. I now propose to say what I
|i desire to say.
