18*66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3171
and temper of the South, and admonish us that
54 the time to fasten the bolts of" a ship is when
she is on the stocks?' and warn as to look well
to her condition before we takv, on board a
mutinous crew, whose declared intention has
been to scuttle and sink her. AVe therefore
insist that proper and necessary guarantees of
justice, liberty, and safety shall not be left in
the keeping of those who may at any moment
repeal them, but that they shall be imbedded
in the firm foundations of the Republic, where
they will be forever irrevocable, to wit, in the
Constitution of the United States; and that
this shall be done as a condition-precedent to
the admission of the southern Senators and
Representatives.
A gentleman from my own State, who holds
a seat in the other end of this Capitol, and sup-
ports the policy of the Administration, said
recently in a speech at Philadelphia:
"The majority in Congress intend to keep these
States out. The President wants to get them in. Con-
gress is laboring to devise some plan by which the
States may be kept out, while the President and his
friends have labored faithfully, honestly, and patri-
otically to devise some way by which they may get
in."
That Senator, if he has taken the trouble to
observe the issue between Congress and the
President, knows that he has not truly or fairly
stated it, and he knows, also, that it is pre-
cisely the statement that Jeff. Davis or C. L.
Vallandigham would have made had they
ptood where he did. The true issue is, not
whether those States shall come in or be kept
out, for all agree that they shall come in, but
shall they come in now, at onee, without con-
ditions or guarantees of any kind, without any
evidence of loyalty, and with a twofold rep-
resentation? Shall they come clothed with
twice the power possessed by the same number
<)f loyalists, or shall they wait a little, until
these matters can be examined and adjusted?
The supporters of the Administration say they
shall come in now, and at once, in order that
they may be consulted about this question of
adjustment, and may have a voice in deter-
mining what it shall be. AVe say, "Let us
have a little time to consider and investigate
this matter; you have been fighting four years
to keep out of the Union ; pray do not become
nervous, gentlemen, if it takes us a few months
to put the old homestead in proper order for
your reception. There are certain repairs to be
made which we think are indispensable to your
comfort and happiness as well as to our own.
The disease, too, from which you have suffered
must be taken into account. It is secession—
a desire to get out of the Union. AWwant a
thorough euro, so thai you will never have a
symptom of the ugly malady again. May it
not be that a brief homeopathic treatment
on the principle 4similia similibus-' will meet
your case? Be assured that we have no de-
sire to keep you out for the purpose of pun-
ishment, and that just so soon as the repairs
upon the old family mansion, made necessary
by your own misconduct, are completed, and
you are in a condition to come back without
infecting the rest of the family with your hate-
ful malady, we will joyfully hail your return.
, But as to inviting you back now, and at once,
unhealed and unwashed, for the purpose of
consulting you about the nature and manner
of thoseproposed repairs, we think there would
be about as much reason in opening our doors
to the midnight assassin who recently mur-
dered a part of our children, in order that he
may be consulted as to the best way to guard
the rest from danger."
The same gentleman to whom I have just
referred calls upon his Philadelphia Demo-
cratic admirers to aid him and the President
in rebuilding the temple of liberty, and says :
"Let us replace its broken arches. Let us restore
its crumbled columns and rebuild its wasted walls,
that the tribes of the Noith and of the South may
again, as in the olden time, meet there and worship
together at liberty's shrine in peace and harmony."
Sir, who is responsible for those "broken
arches," those ''crumbled columns," and
those <'wasted walls ?'' The very men whom
he is so anxious to invite back. If the temple
is to be rebuilt, does not common prudence
require that it be done by its friends and not
its enemies? 1 confess it is somewhat out of
repair, but 1 prefer that the ATandalswho tried
to destroy it should not take the contract to
rebuild. Do not their past conduct and present
temper furnish some reason to apprehend that
they would o.ait from those "arches" and
"columns" tlie cement of justice and civil
equality, without which the edifice would tum-
ble down upon our heads. I have some recol-
lection also of the "peace and harmony"
with which "in the olden time" the aforesaid
"tribe of the South" worshiped in that tem-
ple. It was my good, or ill fortune* to be pres-
ent at some of their devotions, and to witness
the religious zeal with which—pistol and bowie-
knife in hand—they strove to drive out liberty's
true worshipers in order that they might debauch
her at her very shrine. I have seen this same
devout "tribe of the South" raise their hands
toward Heaven and swear to defend that" tem-
ple of liberty," and before the ink was dry that
had recorded their oaths I have seen them
go out to plot and conspire together for its
destruction.
I have seen them seize upon the revenues
of liberty and appropriate them for the support
of their unclean goddess, slavery. I have seen
them steal from the "temple of liberty" the
arms and munitions of war which were stored
there for her defense, and then turn them against
the;' temple'7 itself. Having witnessed these de-
votional exercises of the "tribe of the South,"
I may be excused for insisting that before they
return to renew their "worship" we shall have
time to rebuild those "broken arches," "crum-
bled columns," and "wasted walks" in our own
way. AYhen every part has been thoroughly
reconstructed and all the weak points encased
with impenetrable iron walls, which neither
treachery nor rebellion can ever mar or shake,
I desire their return, but not before.
Sir, it se6ms to me that this demand for the
immediate Restoration to power of those men
without repentance and without conditions or
guarantees for the future presents a specta-
cle which has no parallel in history. "Without
just cause, without, in fact, any cause, and for
purposes the most wicked and infamous, they
renounced their allegiance to the Government
which had always protected, pampered, and
petted them, and waged, for four long and
bloody years, a most atrocious war against it.
Disregarding the ordinary rules of warfare rec-
ognized among civilized nations, they com-
mitted atrocities at which the whole world
stood aghast. Pestilence,.starvation, and cold-
blooded murder were resorted to without scru-
ple. Even the graves of the dead were in-
vaded.and fiendish malignity found gratification
in mutilating their sacred treasures. Against
such an enemy the nation contended for its very
existence. More than two million freemen left
their homes and endured the trials and dangers
of the Held in its defense. A quarter of a mil-
lion of precious lives and $:>,000,000,000 of
public treasure paid the price of victory. To
save the Republic it has been draped with
mourning and drenched with blood. During
all these dark and gloomy yenrs of carnage
and desolation, those who forced all this sor-
row and suffering upon the country have had
their sympathizers and aiders and abettors at
the North—men who. lost to every instinct of
patriotism, if not of common humanity, re-
sisted drafts, obstructed volunteering, opposed
taxation, denounced our soldiers, declared the
"war a failure," and did everything they dare
to make it so, and in the midst of the struggle,
when victory was jTist within our grasp, de-
manded an "immediate cessation of hostili-
ties."
Now, what do we see? Tho?e same rebels
and rebel sympathizers, before the smoke of
battle has cleared awav ; before the bleeding
wounds of our brave soldiers have been healed ;
before the blood of our murdered defenders has
dried upon their garments; while the bones of
our yet unburied martyrs still bleach beneath,
a southern sun; while loyal men ore stilldenied
the poor privilege of strewing flowers upon the
graves of fallen heroes; while the South yefc
reeks with disloyalty and burns with ill-sup-
pressed vengeance, these same men join hands
and with all their old insolence demand not
only the immediate and unconditional restora-
tion to traitors of all their former political rights
and privileges, but also the bestowal upon them
of largely increased powers. Surely human
history exhibits no such example of shameless
audacity. To yield would be to present on our
jjart an example of unsurpassed wickedness and
lolly. And yet for resisting this most extraor-
dinary demand we are denounced as disunion-
ists. What is our offense ? We insist upon
nothing for revenge ; no blood, no executions,
no banishments, no confiscations. We ask no
indemnity for the past, for that is impossible.
The dead cannot be revived; broken hearts
cannot bo healed. The horrors of Anderson-
ville and Belle Isle can have no atonement in
this world. But we do demand security for
the future. In this, and this alone, consists
our offense.
I have endeavored to point out the difference
between the policy of the President and the
policy of the union party. Read side by side,
i4i the light of their respective tendencies aud
inevitable results, they stand as follows :
The President's Policy.
It is the duty of Con-
gress to admit the south-
ern Senatois and Hepre-
seri tal i vesat once without,
regard to the loyalty or
disloyalty of their constit-
uencies.
The Government has no
right, at this time, to im-
pose any terms whatever
as conditions - precedent
to the full restoration of
the iusuigeut States.
The Constitution shall
not be amended in any
way affecting the inter-
ests ol the South until she
is represented.
The freedmen of the
South, who, at our re-
quest, fought with us for
the Union, shall have no
civil or political lights
except such as the rebels
may choose to give them.
As a result of the war.
the North shall lose and
the South shall gam thir-
teen additional Repre-
sentatives and thirteen
additional votes in the
Electoral College, and the
poHlicul power of one
rebel shall be equal to
the politicalpoworof two
loyalists.
Traitors may not only
vote twice, once for them-
selves and onee for the
negro, but they may also
hold the highest official
positions in the Govern-
ment they have tried to
destroy.
Our debts incurred in
crushing rebellion, and
our obligations to pay
bounties and pensions to
our soldiers and sailors,
and to their widows and
orphan0, may all be repu-
diated at thewiil of trai-
tor?, with the aid of one
sixth of' the northern
Representatives.
It shall not be made
unconstitutional for the
Government to assume
and pay rebel debts and
claims for Iocs of biaves,
or to tax loyal men for
this purpose.
The Union Policy.
Congress should take
time to inquire carefully
into the euialition of the
rebel £ files ami admit
them ju<t so soon as it
can be done with pcricct
safety. Not one moment
before.
'The loyal people, by
whose sac) ifiees the na-
tion's life has been saved,
have the right, and it is
the duty of their Repre-
sentatives to demand any
and every guarantee ne-
cessary to insure its safety
and guard its honor.
The Constitution must
be amended before the
full restoration of the
South, or it never can be,
except through another
war.
No State shall deny to
any person within its ju-
risdiction the equal pro-
tection of the laws, nor
make or enfoi'ce any law
which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities
of a citizen of the United
States.
The Constitution shall
be so amended as to place
repiesentalion on an
equitable b.iMS, and thus
prevent the flagrant in-
justice which will other-
wise exist. Not to do so
is to pay a premium to
treason.
Leading traitors who
have once violated their
oaths to support the Con-
stitution, shall not make
or execute laws for loyal
men. They may vote for
themselves, but not for
the negro.
The organic law shall
declare that the validity
of the public debt of the
United States, including
obligations for the pay-
ment of bountiesand-nen-
sions shall never be ques-
tioned.
Loval men shall never
be taxed to pay debts in-
cuircl for the destruction
of their Government nor
claim* for lo?s of t-iaves:
and the Constitution shall
be amended so to de-
clare su.-h debts and
claims 'IK-ral and void,
and so as to render their
assumption and payment
impossible.
