f88
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 11,
Department for information, is unable to obtain :
it; and yet the first section of this resolution I
declares that we indorse and approve whatever !
the Secretary of State may have done in con-
nection with this subject, no matter what it
may be.
Mr. SUMNER. Wo; I beg the Senator's
pardon; we indorse what appears in the report.
You indorse and approve what you have before
yon.
Mr. GRIMES. The first section is:
" That tho proceedings heretofore adopted by tho
Secretary of State in relation to the said exposition,
as set forth in liis report and accompanying docu-
ments concerning that subject, transmitted to both
Houses of Congress with the President's message 01
the 11th instant, are approved,"
What is set forth in the report? That he
has engaged certain parties, as I understand,
to transact certain business, without specifying
the character of the business, where the par-
ties are, or the compensation that is to be paid
to them. We approve whatever the Secretary
of State may have done in selecting these agents,
in fixing the compensation that is to be paid
to them, and determining the character of the
business that they shall do. I have not very
often been called upon, I think, to vote more
blindly than I am called upon to vote for, if I
do vote for, the passage of this resolution. I
trust that the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations will allow this resolution to
rest until the Secretary of State shall return
from his foreign voyage, when, doubtless, we can
obtain such information from him as it is neces-
sary for us to have to enable us to vote under-
standingly upon it.
Mr. SUMNER. The remarks of the Senator
from Iowa in their tendency go directly to in-
sist that the United States should not iu any
way be represented at this greatest exhibition
of agriculture, of manufactures, aud of the fine
arts that tho world has ever known ; that tho
United States should exile themselves from
that great occasion. I do not think that the
people of the country will coincide with my ex-
cellent friend in that desire. I think that the
people desire to be represented at this exhi-
bition, and that they are willing that Congress
should take such careful, reasonable, and mod-
erate stops as may be deemed advisable in order
to secure such representation.
The Senator proposes that the whole question
shall bo laid over until the return of the Secre-
tary of State. Is he jso fortunate as to know
when that gentleman will return?
Mr. (HUMES. 1 suppose that the Senator,
as the organ of the Senate on foreign affairs, is
informed.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator supposes that
I, as the organ of the Senate on foreign affairs,
am informed on the subject. I can slate that
the Secretary informed me that he might be
absent some three weeks, and already much of
that time has elapsed. He may soon return;
but he may not return before the end of the
month ; and meanwhile nliall our participation
in this matter lie postponed? 1 have already
said that if we are to do anything we must do
it promptly.
And now, sir, as to the extent of the obli-
gations assumed by the resolution under con-
sideration, I reminded the Senator that in ap-
proving the action of the Secretary of State,
we confined our approbation simply to what he
reports himself in the document on our tables.
We do not go beyond that at all. I do not un-
derstand that there is any obligation, direct or
indirect, to any future appropriation on this sub-
ject. And that brings me to the inquiry with
which tho Senator began, whether I was in-
structed with regard to anv future proposition
that might be brought before the body on this
subject. To that I say frankly, I am not. I
suggested yesterday that I had" understood—I
do not know now how I learned it—that there
was to be some further proposition. What it
is, I know not; I have had no information with
regard to it. I feel confident, however, thai it
can be of no such character as the Senator
from Iowa foreshadows.
The Senator suggests that in the arrangements
made for the room in Paris the United States
are curtailed in the proportion allowed them. I
understand that they are allowed much more
than they have ever been allowed before at any
European exhibition. We may not have as much
room as our agriculturists, our mechanics, and
our manufacturers may desire, but we have more
than we have ever had before: and the question
now is, whether the Congress of the United
States will take these simple steps in order to
help the citizens of the United States to take
advantage of the space that is allowed them. I
hope, sir, there will be no delay or question. It
seems to me it has occupied too much time
already.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts is entirely mistaken if he imagines that
I desire to exile the people of the United States
from the great congress of nations of which he
speaks, or that I am unwilling that they should
exhibit such articles of industry or of art as
they may choose to exhibit; nor am I unwill-
ing that the Government should lend its en-
couragement and aid to enable them to make
this exhibition. What I do object to is this:
I object to allowing the Secretary of State, in
the first place, to undertake to do that for Con-
gross which Congress alone can do. What has
the Secretary of State done ? The Senator can-
not tell us. He has applied, as ho ought to
have done, for information ; but the Secretary
of State, he tells us, has gone out of the coun-
try and has left no record behind him.
Mr. SUMNER. Simply with regard to that
agent in N'ew York: that is all.
Mr. GRIMES. That agent in New York has
the entire control of the whole matter. What,
has that agent done? What is he going to do?
What is he authorized to do? How much has
the Secretary agreed to pay him? All these
things are unknown to us, and the Secretary of
State has not deemed itof sufficient importance
to leave any record in the State Department
giving any information upon these important
branches of this subject. Now, sir, [ conceive
that it is in derogation of the character of this
body in a time of peace, for I think we are in
a time of peace, certainly so far as this expo-
sition is concerned, to allow the Secretary of
State to assume the responsibility that he has
assumed. When this exposition is not to take
place until the year 1SG7, and when everybody
knows that anything that may be sent to that
exposition any time before tho 1st of January,
17. no matter what may have been the regu-
lations hitherto established, will bo permitted
to be exhibited, I say it is in derogation of the
character of this body to allow tho Secretary of
State, in anticipation of the meeting of Con-
gress, more than eighteen months before the
exposition is to take place, to assume tho pre-
rogatives, the rights, and the privileges that
belong exclusively to Congress.
The joint resolutiou was ordered to a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CRIMES. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered : and being
taken, resulted—yeas 83. nays G; as follows:
YJ3AS — Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Chandler,
Clark, Conncss, Cre-'Well, 3->ixon, Doofiftle, Foot,
Foster, Guthrie, Hairis, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Howe. Johnson, Alorsran. Morrill, Nesmith,
Norton, Xy", Poland, Pomerov. iiain-vy, Sprayiie,
Stewart, Stockton, Sumner, Van Winkle, Willey,
Williams, and Yates—33.
NAYS—MVyyy, Cowan. Davis, Fesfendcn,Grimes,
Kiddle, and TiuiubuU—0.
| ABSEXT—M.ey-T.y Brown. Cra^in. Lane ofTndiana,
Lane of Kansas. Mt'DousaH. ^auisbury, Sherman,
"Wade, Wilson, and Wright--10.
So the joint resolution was passed.
PRO VISIONAL G OTE ItNMEXTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (S. R. No. 11) iu relation to the
organization of provisional governments within
the States whose people were lately in rebellion
against the United State*, introduced by the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Lowe.] is now be-
fore the Senate, the pending question being on
the motiott to refer it to the joint committee
on reconstruction, and upon that question the
Senator from Maryland [Mr. Jon.vsox] is en-
titled to the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, in the re-
j marks which 1 propose to submit to the Senate,
it is my purpose to consider almost exclusively
the question as to the actual condition of the
States in which insurrections have heretofore
existed; and I take occasion to do it now be-
cause I differ materially from the honorable
member from Wisconsin, [Mr. Howe,] who
spoke so well yesterday in maintaining an
opinion opposite to my own, from a desire
that that opinion, supported as it was in a very
carefully prepared and very able speech, should
not be permitted to go to the country a day
without an effort at a reply. I feel no reluc-
tance in speaking upon the particular question
now because I happen to be a member of the
committee of fifteen, becausc the opinion which
I am about to state and to uphold is one which
I have entertained from the beginning; not
only from the beginning of our recent troubles,
but from the earliest period at which I can
recollect I had any opinion at all upon the
meaning of the Constitution in the particular
involved.
I understand the honorable member from
Wisconsin to maintain that the effect of the hos-
tilities which we have been carrying on to sup-
press the insuireclion in certain of the States
where it has prevailed for some four years is to
extinguish altogether the States as such, and to
reduce the territory of which those States were
composed at the time when the insurrection
broke out to the condition of Territories, and to
s^ihject tho people of thoseStates to be governed
under that clause of the Constitution which gives
to Congress the power to govern the Territories,
or upon (lie ground that they have been con-
quered by the United Stales, and that the power
to govern is to be implied from the right of con-
quest when the conquest is completed.
Mr. HOWE. If the honorable Senator is
simply stating what he understands to he. tho
effect of my argument, I cannot object to it: but
if he understood me to say that the purpose lor
which we prosecuted this war was to extinguish
those States, he misunderstood me.
Jlr. JOHNSON. I have not so stated. I
did not understand the honorable member as
saying that the purpose for which the war was
prosecuted, but that the result of tho prosecu-
tion of (he war, was to reduce those States to
the condition of Territories. It is to that prop-
osition 
Jlr. HOWE. If the honorable Senator wiil
pardon me for one moment, my position was
not that the result of the prosecution of the
war was to reduce those States to Territories,
but that they assumed the legal character of
Territories by reason of their own acts, inde-
pendent of the war. They destroyed the State
organizations, not we.
Mr. J OliNSON. I so understood you.
Mr. HOWE. And the effect of the war was
simply to reduce them to obedience to the Uni-
ted Stales, to be governed by such instrumen-
talities as the Constitution has provided.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am sure I have not mis-
apprehended the Senator. It would have been
very difficult for anybody to misapprehend him.
for he was exceedingly lucid in everything he
said. It may be possible that j may foil to ex-
plain what I understand to have been his prop-
ositions, and if I should do so in any part of tho
remarks which f am about to make, I hope the
honorable Senator will set me right.
Mr. President. I propose first to inquire, what
is the effect of the war itself? Is its suecesf ful
result to reduce the States to the condition of
Territories? I shall then inquire, if that is not
its effect, whether that has been produced by any
conduct upon tho part of the cituens tesiding
within the limits of those States? No member
of tlm Senate, I am sure, is now to learn that
there is no power in the Constitution of the Uni-
ted Stales given to Congress, or any other de-
parfment of the Government, to declare, or to
carry on, a war against any State. The power
to declare war, devolved upon Congress by the
