pl72
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
- It shall hereaftorfoethe It shall hereafter fee the
established theory of this established theory of this
Government that States' -Government that the se-
m^y secede; their people cession of a State and the
may rebel and levy war rebellion"^ its people
against it; but as seees- "deprives it of all civil
"sum. rebellion, and war government," and abro-
cannot change the statu# gates all its rights and
of a State in the Union, privileges in the Union,
itis the right of rebels and but does not, in any way,
traitors, as soon as they affect itsobligations; and
aro whipped and disn that it can only be re-
armed, to return at once stored to its former rela-
and make laws for their tiojas by the law-making
conquerors, , power, upon such terms
and conditions as it jnay
impose. -I-fthis'benotso,
the Government is power-
less for its own protection,
For "if rebellion suc-
ceeds, it accomplishes its
purpose and destroys the
Government. If it fails,
the war has been barren
of results, and the battle
may be fought out in the
legislative halls of the
country."
I am free to say that the plan of reconstruc-
tion proposed falls short of what I desire, but
I accept it because of the great good it con-
tains, and because it is the best that can now
be obtained. My own opinion is that if traitors
are to vote at all, their votes should be neu-
tralized by the ballots of loyalists, whether
white or black.- I believe that it is shameful
ingratitude ami gross injustice for this Govern-
ment after calling upon any class of its citizens-
to defend it against its enemies, and after ac-
cepting their services, to turn upon them and
say, ' 'Wo will confer upon our enemies the right
of suffrage, but you cannot exorcise it for the
reason that your complexion is not of the ap-
proved hue." Loyalty and notcolor should be
the test. 1 believe, further, that if treason be
a crime, enough has been committed within
the last five years to entitle somebody to bo
hung.
In conclusion, lot me say to gentlemen who
think the loyal people of this country can be
so far deceived as to adopt this policy of un-
conditional restoration with all its inevitable
consequencos, you sadly undervalue their in-
telligence and patriotism. They were in earn-
est m crushing the rebellion. They aro no
less in earnest in demanding a safe and just
policy of reconstruction. "Tliey were not moved
from thoir purpose during the war by losses in
the Held, by burdensome taxation, by threats
of foreign intervention, nor by conspiracies
and dissensions at home. They will not bo
moved from their present purpose by the bland-
ishments of office, nor by the defection of pro-
tended friends. No more sublime spectacle
was ever witnessed than that which the cour-
age, constancy, and patriotism of the loyal
American people have exhibited during this
struggle. Tliey have demonstrated to the
world that war with all its accumulated hor-
rors cannot intimidate them, and that the al-
lurements of official patronage cannot seduce
or corrupt them. Sueh a people maybe safely
trusted to finish the great work they have
begun. The nation's power is in their hands.
They bavo purchased it at a fearful cost. They
will keep it until equal and exact justice shall
have been secured to every citizen, and until
the groat llepublici'free, united, and prosper-
ous, shall have achieved its glorious mission
among the nations of the earth.
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, having been
up to this period of the session a silent mem-
ber from choice, I deem it my duty now to
declare my views upon some of the political
questions which are presented for the consid-
eration of this House and this country. Al-
though iny sentiments were well understood
by my fellow-eitizens who cast their votes for
me at the last elcetion, there has been since
such a whirl_ in the political maelstrom that
they might either fear that my own position
had been changed or possibly they themselves
might havebeen unable to withstand the mighty
effortsmade to draw them into the whirlpool.
In either event, it is proper and honorable
that I, as their Representative, should make
open and frank avowals in view of the oolit-
ical movements which must soon take place in
my State and district. I should consider it
most ignoble act to win the support or indorse-
ment of any man by the least concealment or
deception. I would as lief cheat a man of his
money as by hypocrisy and fraud t<* cheat
him of his sentiments.
, From this I hope, Mr. Speaker, you and
this House will infer that I am but a poor pol-
itician, according to the meaning of that vord
in common parlance—a word but the syno-
nym for fraud, violence, and sueh ignoble con-
duct as should deprive an honest man of his
own self-respect, and would certainly bring
about sueh a condition but that these traits of
character are too common.
I then, sir, declare that in principle I now
stand as I stood before the war; as I stood
after war was declared; as I stood in the last
Congress, when I received its crown of cen-
sure ; as I stood in prison and before that in-
fernal instrument of tyranny, a court-martial.
And as I stand in principle so will I stand in
practice whenever occasion may require.
When I indicate that there has been no
change in my principles, this House, and this
country possibly—for the avowal of tliem has
been attended by an unexpected notoriety—
may infer what my position now is. I am an
old-line Democrat, and believe in the doctrine
of secession. I believe that the several States
of this Union have the right to separate from
it, each acting for itself. 1 believe that abuses
and usurpations had been practiced and threat-
ened to so great an extent by their associates
and partners in this governmental compact,
that the southern States were justified in going
out.; and, sir, I further believe by their ordi-
nances of secession, that they did go out, and
thereby became to this Union foreign States.
These convictions 1 cannot change, and I do
not expect will ever be removed ; I will most
assuredly proclaim thom and stand by them
as long as a single citizen of the confederate
States is in chains or subject to penalty for
asserting them.. There is no political or per-
sonal consideration which would prompt me
to such a desertion. As the right of secession
is the only thing that rescues them from the
charge of treason, my voice shall ever accord
with my convictions and never join in that ver-
dict against them. I should consider myself
as assuming a most infamous position if it did.
What, sir, I that believe them right, I that
would have joined tliem if the sovereign State
of Maryland had said so, to desert them now
in their utmost need, when I can legitimately
give thdm sueh protection as is in my power
honestly to give—never!
From what I have said, Mr. Speaker, this
House will readily infer that I am adverse to
the reconstruction policy of the President. I
confess that Andrew Johnson lias been, in
adopting his mode of reconstruction, consist-
ent with the views of the late President, with
those of the Republican party that elected him,
and with his own declaration from the time he
abandoned the Democratic party and joined
the Republicans. These facts do not commend
him to me j but surely it is not his fault that he
is now at issue with many of the people who
raised him to his present station. Among acts
of his Administration which receive my sternest
denunciation, lie has done and said some things
which meet with my hearty concurrence. The
vetoes he has during this session sent to Con-
gress I need not mention, but there is one dec-
laration of his which, if enforced by him, will
canse his name to ring throughout the civilized
world,^ and rank liirn high in the list of patri-
ots. There was much in his speech on the 22d
of February which I disapproved of, but there
was one paragraph which sounded on my ear
like "'the voice of one crying in the wilder-
ness, make the paths straight." I will read
it, sir:
"Tho principle that carried us through the devo-
lution was, that there should be no taxation without
representation. I hotel to that principle, which was
laid down as fundamental b.v our fathers. If it was
s'ood then, it is good now. If it was worth standing
by then, it is 'Rrortli standing by now. It is funda-
mental, and should be observed as long as free gov-
ernment endures."
This ,is the great blood-baptized principle of
this American, republican Government, con-
secrated to the noble blood of our heroic rev-
olutionary father's. For one, sir, I believe the
President has the power to sustain this princi-
ple, as it is his most sacred duty to do so if lie
has. If it is "fundamental and should be
observed as'long as free government endures,"
then wherever his power reaches it has he re-
corded in heaven a saered oath that he will pre-
serve, protect, and defend it. Let taxation be
suspended where representation is denied. Let
liirn thus act and appeal to the American Anglo-
Saxon race for the support and defense of time-
honored Anglo-Saxon principles. This will
bring the almighty dollar in its proper position,
which opens the eyes of some who shut them
to everything else. With them it is potent
whether to be received by them or withheld
from them. .The necessity of an early recon- "
struction of some sort would then probably
soon become apparent.
But to return ; I stated that I was adverse to
the President's specific policy of reconstructing
this Union. In my view the southern seceded
States have no right to Representatives on this
floor or in the Senate, and by my vote I have
heretofore invariably rejected every application
which has been made by any person claiming
sueh a right; and, sir, not only do I believe
that they have no right in their present posi-
tion to send Senators and Representatives here,
but I do not think they have the right to fur-
nish, us with a President or Vice President,
although there are many here and elsewhere,
who, while agreeing with me that these States
are out of the Union and not entitled to repre-
sentation anywhere, have been, so fraternal in
their feelings and so magnanimous in their
conduct as to go beyond the line in order to
obtain the services of the gentleman who at
present fills the executive chair of the United
States. Being a citizen of seceded and unre-
constructed Tennessee, he is, in my opinion, as
also upon their theory, only President de facto,
forced upon the country by'their.votes, attended
by that very effective implement, their bay onets.-
When 1 cannot avoid it, 1, like every one else,
acquiesce in de facto Governments and de faclo
Presidents; but if it could be expected by any
one that I can cast my vote at the next presi-
dential election for Andrew Johnson, of Ten-
nessee, for that high office, then, at least, the
status of Tennessee herself must be completely
changed; she must be admitted into this Union
by act of Congress upon her application to be-
come a member of it. " New States may be
admitted by Congress into this Union," says
the Constitution, and this, according to my
theory, applies to Tennessee, as also every
other State that seceded. Why should I or
any _ Democrat, at least southern Democrat,
sacrifice our principles by casting a vote for a
Lincoln Republican?' Shall wo indorse the
acts of that party, or any man who belonged
to it, by whom many of us, our wives, and chil-
dren, have been reduced to poverty and want?
Shall we kiss the hand that has thus scourged .
us or glided in giving the infliction V Who are
his confidential advisers and counselors? Is
there any ope there who avows that his polit-
ical action is controlled by a law higher than
the Constitution of his country, any savage
tyrant whose chief pleasure seemed to be de-
rived from oppressing our citizens in direct
violation of the Constitution? We will, take
time to inquire into and to reflect upon these
matters.
I have said how I think these States can be
admitted into this Union. - It should be by act
of Congress and with the assent of their people.
But. sir, no congressional bill for that purpose
can ever receive my vote as long as that test
oath disgraces your st;,iu'te-book. That test
discriminates most effectually between citizens
of these States, depriving all but a chosen few
of the dearest political rights, and necessarily
