4132
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
House came to a conclusion on the subject as
to what they supposed their employes ought
to have, and I believe tliey passed a resolution
giving their employes the salaries which this
amendment proposes to gi ve the corresponding
officers of the Senate. It is said, however, that
what tliev undertook to do they were not au-
thorized to do, and that it may be stricken
out; but that will make no difference finally, if
Congress should come to the conclusion that
the increase"was not unreasonable and that it
was judicious to distribute it among their em-
ployes. I.suppose if it was illegal when they
fixed it, if it was so adjudged by us, we could
make it legal, and it would not alter the pro-
portion, and would not change the propriety
of this bill.
I will say, however, that the special com-
mittee that was raised with directions to equal-
ize the salaries of the Senate employes with
those of the House, equalized upon the hy-
pothesis that what the House had done was or
would be made legal, and that it would stand
as the judgment of the House that their sala-
ries ought to be enhanced to that amount. It
was upon that ground that we acted, without
exercising any particular judgment as to what
might be deemed right. In fact, there is no
criterion by which you can measure the com-
pensation of these employ6s. You will have
to measure some by what they have heretofore
received, with the additional expenses that
everybody is put to at present; and it will be a
matter of judgment in every one who is called
upon to pass on such a question. I know of
no exact criterion or any particular rule by
which we can regulate the question. It seems
to me, however, that the arrangement here is
a judicious one. It does not alter materially
the relation of the compensation of the em-
ploye's except in the case of the Sergeant-at-
Arms, who 1 know has received a very slender
compensation for the services he has rendered,
lie has performed the duties that are performed
by some three or four ofiicersof thcothcr House,
and I believe their combined compensation
would be something like eight thousand dollars
per annnm. I need not speak of his merits.
Every gentleman knows with what faithfulness
he lias attended to his duties here ; that, he has
always been at his place ; that, all the machinery
under him has gone on, so far as I am able to
jm!«e, like perfect clock-work.
Air. SUMNER. Who is that?
Mr. WADE. 1 am speaking of the Sergeant-
at-Arms; and I will speak of some other gen-
tlemen here, not particularly under him, that
we have to deal with daily, who, I think, are
entitled to our commendation for their con-
stant., faithful attendance to their duties. I
know of no reason why, if salaries are to be
enhanced, there is anything unreasonable in
the proposed salary of the Sergeant-at-Arms.
His compensation by this proposition is made
equal with that of the Sergeuiit-at-Arms and
Doorkeeper of the House, $3,000 per annum.
That, is not a very extravagant salary, as things
go here in Wushinirlon now. His entire time
must be taken up with hi" duties here. He has
but very little time to go anywhere else- Dur-
ing the vacation 1)6 is employed in making his
purchases for the accommodation of the Sen-
ate Chamber and the other rooms in this wing,
taking care of them, and superintending this
great building. I believe he is occupied all the
time; and I do not think the salary that we
now propose to give him is an extravagant one.
I do not wish io go into particulars, for I
could throw no additional light upon this sub-
ject if I were to do so. As I said before, I
know of no particular criterion of compensa-
tion that you can fix upon that everybody can
affirm is right or wrong. This is an increase
to all these employe's, and I believe they will
be satisfied with it, of about twenty-five per
cent. Although I have generally been opposed
to increasing the compensation of employes, I
see that there are very strong reasons why it
should be done now. I do not think the ex-
penses of living here were e^r so high as they
are at the present time. I know that these
employes are not makiug a great deal of money
by the compensation we give them. I think
they are entitled to this increase. I do not
think it will put them in a better position now
than they were at the old prices that existed
here some years ago. I believe that the com-
pensation they received before the war, though
much less in amount nominally, was much
more valuable than this compensation will be
if we increase it according to the proposition
contained in this amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposition of the Sen-
ator from Ohio is in many respects very com-
plete, and yet, for a proposition which seems
so complete, it is singularly defective. There
is one class of the servants of the Senate that
I find are absolutely ignored.
Mr. WADE. Who are they?
Mr. SUMNER. The clerks of committees.
Mr. WADE. We did not attempt to regu-
late the compensation of clerks of committees
because there were resolutions ponding on that
subject, and because, also, the compensation
of the clerks of committees of the Senate and
the compensation of clerks of committees of
the House was just the same; and therefore
they are not mentioned here. There was a
proposition then pending proposing to employ
them during the year and give them a salary
instead of a per diem. That class of employes
we have left out, subject, however, to any reg-
ulations the Senate may think proper to make
in regard to them.
Mr. SUMNER. What the Senator says
explains his leaving this class out, but I can-
not say that it justifies it. We understand now
why he has left them out, but I must confess
that I do not appreciate bis reasons. Now, I
find in the first section of this amendment
a provision for "nine clerks in office of the
Secretary of the Senate, $2,500 each." Mark
that, if you please—"$2,500 each." I have
no criticism to make upon it; I only wish to
call attention to it. Then comes next "keeper
of the stationery, §2,500." Then, "one tem-
porary clerk, $1,800." Then next, "messen-
ger in stationery room, $1,500." I merely call
attention to these cases. The special commit-
too have undertaken to provide for these eases;
and 1 think we may well ask why they stopped
there. Are the clerks of committees less impor-
tant than all of those nine clerks in the office of
the Secretary of the Senate who are to receive
$2,-500 each ; less important than the keeper
of the stationery, who is to receive $2,500; or
than the temporary clerk mentioned at $1,800?
I do not think so. I think that my colleague,
who is chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, has a clerk who cer-
tainly deserves as much as any of the gentle-
men who are protected by this bill. There is
in the service of the committee with which I
am connected a scholar, a thoroughly educated
young man, who has come here to Washington
from a distance expressly to discharge these
duties, who deserves as much as any of the
gentlemen to whom I have referred, and who
are already protected by this bill.
I cannot enter into the discrimination which
the Senator makes. I do not appreciate it.
I believe if we are to protect the nine clerks
in the officc of the Secretary of the Senate and
the others mentioned in this bill, we ought to
complete our work by taking care of the clerks
of committees. Now, with regard to those,
there may be a difference. There are some,
perhaps, who have very little to do. There are
others who are constantly employed. I think
they are employed fully as much as those that
are already protected by this bill. Therefore,
with a view to carry out what seems to me to
be something omitted in this bill, and which I
think my excellent friend would have intro-
duced had it occurred to him, I propose to
amend the amendment on page 2, line four-
teen, by inserting after the word " each
Clerks of standing committees of the Senate, $1,850
per annum; and itshall hereafter be part of the duty
of said clerks to direct and send off all documents
published for distribution by order of the Senate.
Mr. WADE. The Senator speaks of my
discriminating between these classes of em-
ployes. He did not understand the explana-
tion I gave before. Our special committee did
not take into consideration, as I told him, the
compensation of these peculiar clerks, because
we were directed to equalize the compensation
of the employ§s of the Senate with that of the
House employes ; and we found that the com-
pensation of these clerks was exactly the same
in both bodies. We did not undertake to do
anything with them, because our simple duty
was to equalize the salaries. I told you the
other day how we equalized them; that this
was an increase of about twenty-five per cent.;
but the increase to our clerks in some cases
was more than that, because the House raised
the salaries of their clerks twenty-five per cent.,
and many of their salaries were higher than
those of our clerks previous to that, and we
had to make the increase in some cases a little
more than twenty-five per cent, in order to
make them equal with the corresponding offi-
cers of the House ; but we did not attempt to
discriminate against this class of employes.
I have only to say that there were propositions
then pending before the body on the subject
of these particular clerks.
I am not going to resist this amendment to
the amendment. ~ Let it be submitted to the
judgment of the Senate to say whether it is
reasonable or unreasonable. I know that many
of these clerks of committees are gentlemen
of acquirements, of talent, able to command
large wages for their services anywhere. _ I
know that while they are employed a consid-
erable portion of the year here, as long as they
are engaged i  this business they cannot very
well engage in anything else for the residue of
tte year. About all the compensation they
can obtain is while they are employed here;
and perhaps it would not be unreasonable to
give them salaries that are suitable for that pur-
pose, inasmuch as if their employment is not
constant they can make little in that part of
the year that they are not employed here.
-Mr. PESSENDEN. I think the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts could hardly have
understood the force of his own provision. In
the first place, it is not true, as a general rule,
that these gentlemen come here because their
services are so absolutely necessary. As to
the general run of these clerks you can get
any number of them. A great many of them
come here because it is very pleasant to speud
the winter here during the session of Congress,
and be paid for their services at the same time.
The rule of their compensation has been fixed
and acted upon for some years." Formerly, it
used to be four dollars a day, during the ses-
sion of Congress ; but subsequently it was
increased to six dollars.
With regard to three of the clerks of com-
mittees, the Senate came to the conclusion,
after a full examination—for it was all revised
by a committee of which I was a member some
years ago—that they ought to be made perma-
nent. With regard to the Committee on Fi-
nance, particularly, and nobody seems to dis-
pute the necessity of it, it requires practice,
experience, and a knowledge that cpnnot be
obtained in one session, and it was necessary
that the clerk should be in some degree per-
manent because of the services he is required
to render. It is so in a very great measure
with regard to the clerk of the Committee on
Claims. That committee has a vast deal of
business before it. The clerk is required to
draw a great many reports, and he has to at-
tend to a great many papers that occupy him
ordinarily through the recess. I know with
regard to one former clerk of that committee
that he took pains, not being a lawyer by pro-
fession, to go and study law for a period of
time in order to fit himself for the place ; and
he became a very valuable and able and com-
petent clerk. It was necessary, I suppose
every member of the Committee on Claims
will bear me witness in saying—I was formerly
a member of that committee myself—that the
clerk of that committee should be permanent
on account of the business done by it. With
