2212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
The SPEAKER. The time yielded to the
gentleman has expired. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, obtained
the floor.
Mr. SMITII. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois will yield me ten minutes of his time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will
yield the gentleman the residue of the even-
ing if the House will agree to adjourn after
he gets through.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I hope the previous
question will not be seconded to-night. A great
many members have gone home, not expecting
a vote.
The SPEAKER. How much time does the
gentleman from Illinois yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky ?
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
yield to him at all unless it be the understand-
ing that the House shall adjourn when he con-
cludes. With that understanding I am willing
to yield to him indefinitely.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
Illinois yield me the floor to allow me to make
a motion to lay this bill upon the table?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
I cannot yield the iloor for that purpose now.
I will proceed with the few remarks 1 have to
make.
I know, Mr. Speaker, the disadvantages
under which 1 undertake to address the House
at this late hour of the session, fatigued as it
must, be by the speeches which have already
been made upon tins question; but I would not
dare to return to my home and lace the incor-
ruptible, honest, and patriotic constituency
that have so long honored me with their sup-
port and confidence if 1 did not oppose, not
only by my vote, but by my voice, ieeble and
unintluential though it is, this last, greatest.,
ami most gigantic scheme which has ever been
brought into the House of Representatives of
the Uuitrd States.
Sir, we had a night session the other night.
We tlid not come here to inaugurate some
legislation by which we might relieve our tax-
ridden ami o\eiburdened constituents. We
did not come here for the purpose of consid-
eiing any bill to reduce their oppressive tuxes.
But we gathered here, with unwoni ed alacrity,
to volesixty-nine inillionsof the people's money
out ot the public Treasury to a private railroad
corporation. And, sir, 1 consider it a species
of good luck that this scheme, so well lobbied
and so well planned, was not put through, as
it was intended to have been put through, on
that night under the screws of the, previous
question, without any chance being allbrded to
discuss and expose its enormities.
Sir, 1 havesomo little knowledge of the his-
tory of this legislatiom in regard to these rail-
road matters. 1 recollect how the supplemen-
tal Pacific railroad bill was put through the
last Congress. And I desire gentlemen here,
who were sent here by their constituents to
protect their interests, and who intend to vote
for this bill, to look for theinsches and see
what obligation- have already been fastened
upon the (.uiiiitry in iegard to these railroads.
In the liivl instance, the Pacific railroad bill
contained an enormous grant of land from the
Missouri river to the Pacific coast; and that
grant was wade upon the ground that tile Cen-
tral Pacific railroad could be built under it.
And yet, at the last session of Congress wo
passed a supplemental bill doing, what? Whv,
incurring an obligation of $9o,0'00,<>00, grant-
ing more land in addition to all the land that
had been voted theretofore ; and further than
that, as you will see if you' look at the bill,
subordinating all our securities to these se-
curities of the railroad company. That bill
was passed at a night session, too; and so
great was its popularity that we could not even
obtain a vote upon it by yeas and nays.
.More than that, sir, that Central Pacific
Railroad Company, in addition to these grants,
has come here this session and demanded of
us something like sixty thousand dollars more,
I belicne. to pay expenses which it is bound to
pay itself. Look to the record to see who
voted for or against that Pacific railroad bill,
but you will find no vote by yeas and nays;
and I can find but few gentlemen here who
were members of the last Congress, in view of
what is already seen and known in regard^ to
the actions of that company, who are willing
to concede that they were for the bill. I know
I put myself on the record against it, and by
that rccord 1 stand to-day. The ground upon
which it was urged that wo should pass that
bill was this : that we must have a Pacific
railroad ; one Pacific railroad. I was willing
to admit that. I was willing to do everything
which it was proper for a Representative of
the American people to do to secure such an
object; but I was unwilling to vote for the
extravagant bill proposed. But the cry for
the road, without iegard to the means, overbore
every consideration, and the bill passed.
What then happened? So great a success
had been achieved in the passage of that bill,
that a short time afterward my distinguished
friend from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,]
brought in another bill from the Committee on
the Pacific Railroad, for the construction of
the "Northern Pacific railroad.'" And I
reeollcct well the discussion upon that bill.
As if was stated it was an enormous bill; giv-
ing a breadth of twenty miles of the public
lands on the line of the road in the States, and
forty miles of the public lands in all the Terri-
tories through which it was proposed the road
should pass ; granting for the construction of
the road a number of acres running up to un-
told millions; indeed, so great that you can
scarcely state it.
And what were the arguments that were used
when this bill was brought forward? It look the
House by surprise, as I well recollect. But the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, with that ability
and ingenuity and influence which he so justly
cxercises, convinced the House that it would
be proper to pass the bill for the reason that
such a road might be built and that the grant
of land that we made was sufficient to build it.
And what did my friend tiom Pennsylvania tell
the House in that respect? I beg leave to call
his attention to an extract I will read from his
speech on that occasion. He said :
"hat J have looked a tittle into thin matter, in the
fulfillment ot'iny (times ascliairman (it this commit-
tee, mid L satisfied myself, first, thaUliesemon would
built the ioad uithodt a dollar of subsidy from the
Government. I do not call the grant of tills land
giving away anything."
Notwithstanding all this, when we came to
vote upon the bill, the House voted it down by
a vote of 55 to GG; and the bill was lost. But,
afterward my distinguished friend brought in
another bill, and under the pressure of the
previous question—the proceedings occupying
but little more than a column in the Congres-
sional Globe, I think — the bill was finally
passed. But that was not done without the
House being satisfied, not only by what was
said by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, but
by what was put into the bill. In reply to the
argument that this company, as the Central
Pacific Railroad Company has done, would
come heie and demand some more aid from
the Government, he incorporated into the very
text ot the bill that "no money shall be drawn
from the Treasury of the United States to aid
in_ the construction of the Northern Pacific
railroad/' That, was considereda sweetener;
that was a pledge to the country by Congress,'
and a pledge by the company to Congress, that
this road would never eome here to get any-
thing more from the Government.
Now, how is the fact? By the nineteenth
section of that bill there were certain thiugsto
be done in two years from the 2d of J uly, 186-i,
in order to save the charter; yet since the 2d
of July, 1861, now nearly two years, these par-
ties have never, so far as it appears, struck a
spade into the ground along the whole line of
this proposed road, have never done a day's
work on the road, or made any preparation
whatever—in fact, have done nothing at all
toward commencing the work. Now, I call
upon the American people to take notice of
what is going on here. These parties come
here under these circumstances and demand of
us to guaranty the interest upon §57,000,000
for twenty years, amounting to the sum of
$69,000,000, which the Government is to as-
sume; and I want also to call the attention of
members to the bi-11 itself. I want them to
examine its provisions and to discover for
themselves its extraordinary provisions. I
know something about the manner in which
these things are got up, these bills for railroad
companies, and for other companies and cor-
porations. It is not what the Government
shall exact from the companies, but what the
companies will exact from the Government.
Tlicy make their bills and present them to us
and we.are to pass theui. Now, I ask my dis-
tinguished friend from Iowa [Mr. Price] to
give me his attention while I consider the sec-
ond section of this bill.
There is a portion of the second section to
which I desire to call the attention of members
of the House, and particularly my friend from
Iowa, [Mr. Price.] A great deal has been said
to prove that eventually the Government will
not be called upon to meet any part of the lia-
bility which it is to assume ; that ultimately
everything will be paid by this company. Now,
sir, there is one thing that we know. Wo know
the extent of the obligation which we are to
assume; that is certain. Everything else must,
of course, be uncertain, so far as reimburse-
ment is concerned. But 1 ask, where in this
bill is there any binding provision upon the
part of the company by which the Government
shall be certain to receive anything? The ob-
ligations are not mutual and dependent; they
are all on one side. When this company shall
have built a certain amount of the road, then
the obligation becomes complete that the Gov-
ernment shall guaranty this stock to a given
amount. Then, what does the Government
get—I ask the chairman of the committee—
what is the absolute certainty that the Govern-
ment will get anything in return for this?
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let the
gentleman reply in his closing argument. I
ask, wdiere is the security that this company
will ever pay one dollar into the Treasury of
the United States?
Mr. PRICE. I would like to answer that
question now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
the gentleman can answer me hereafter, lie
will have the privilege of closing this debate.
Now, sir, I want gentlemen to look at the
nature of what is called the ''security'1 which
this company offers. What is the security, I
again demand? Does the Government retain
its title to the lands? No, because in the
original charter it is stipulated that the com-
pany shall receive patents for the lands when
they shall have finished a certain number of
nnlcs of the road. As soon as that is done,
the company gets the absolute title to the lands,
and the Government has no further control
over it.
Now, sir, wdiat does this bill propose that
^the company shall do?-"The second section
'contains the following provision:
And for the further security of the Government
for tlie pledge o'ftlio payment of interest as afoicsaid,
over and above, the depositof twenty-five per cent, of
the gioss receipts, as above piovidcd, the proceeds
ot the sales of all the lands granted by the chartcrof
the, said company, situated on the southerly side of
the line of said railroad, shall, a« often as the sales
of the same shall he made, he held us security for the
payment of the interest j-o paid by the Government
as aloresaid, and shall be deposited in the Treasury
of the hnitcd States by the tiemurei' of said company
on thelst days of ApntandOctolKi'in eaehand every
yeai\ to be applied by tllo Secretary of the Treasury
toreimouiao the Government for any moneys paid
tor interest as aforesaid, and also as sccunty for tho
future payment by the Government of any interest
accruing under said pledge, until the Government
.shall bo fully reimbursed' for the payment of the
interest as aforesaid; and to secure tho payment of
said percentage ot the ?ro s i eecipts, and the deposit of
the proceeds of the sales of the public land as before
provider!, the Secretary of the Treasury of thoUnited
Htates, whenever in his judgment it shall ho neces-
sary for the safety of the Government to do so, is
hereby empowered to appointan inspector, who shall
have authority to examine the hooks and accounts
of the company, and to direct the application of jo
said percentage of tlie gross receipts and the deposit
