THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE-.
March- 8,
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 15 honorably
discharged soldiers of Bradford county, Pennsylva-
nia, asking that the same pay and bounties may be
granted to all soldiers who were enrolled previous to
October 24,1863, as were allowed to soldiers who en-
listed after that date.
By Mr. PAINE: The petition for an, act regulating
insurance in the United States.
By MivWBIiKBR: The petition of B. Mateham,
and 10? others, wool-growers- of Pittsfield, Lorain
county, Ohio, asking protection on wool against for-
eign competition.
By Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts: The pe-
tition of the trustees of the Eitchburg Savings Insti-
tution in the ninth Massachusetts district, praying
that the tax on sueh institutions may be repealed.
By Mr. WASHBUKNE, of Illinois: The petition
of-paper andenvelopo manufacturers and dealers and
stationers, against the passage of the bill to authorize
the Postmaster General to sell stamps and envelopes
at the value of the stamps impressed thereon.
By Mr. WENTWORTII: The petition of the Ship
Carpenters' andCalkers' NationalUnion of Chicago.
Also, thcremonstrance ofcitizcnsof Chicago,aga'inst
the renowal of the reciprocity treaty.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 8, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. Thomas II. Skinner, of New
York.
The Journal of yesterday was lead, and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. NESMITH presented a petition of citi-
zens of the Territory of Montana, praying for
an enlargement of postal routes in that Terri-
tory, and for the establishment of a mail route
from Sioux City, Iowa, to Walla Walla, in Wash-
ington Territory; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
officers of the Savings Bank of Newport, Rhode
Island, praying Congress to restore to savings
banks that have no capital, but merely receive
deposits from the humbler classes of the com-
munity and loan the same on interest for the
benefit of the depositors only, the exemption
from the income tax which was provided in the
original internal revenue law, but was afterward
stricken out in the amended law; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. LANK, of Indiana, presented apotition
of the Columbus and Zanesville, Indianapolis
and Cincinnati, Torre Haute and Indianapolis,
and the Indianapolis, Peru and Chicago Rail-
road Companies, and a petition of the Jeffer-
sonville, and Ohio and Mississippi Railroad
companies, praying that bar and cast iron used
in the construction of railroad bridges and other
superstructures may be exempt from customs
and excises; which were .referred to the Corn-
mil tee on Finance.
Mr. Tlib"A! BULL presented the petition of
John M. Douglas, president of the Illinois
Central railroad, and other oilicers of railroads
in the State of Illinois, praying lor (he passage
of a law exempting bar and east iron used in
the construction of railroad bridges and other
superstructures from customs and excises;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. POLAND presented the petition of Eli
W. Goff, pi-uying for compensation for property
rescued from him while inspector of customs
for the district, of Vermont; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. VAN WINKLE presented joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of West Virginia, in
favor of an appropriation by Congress for the
payment of military claims created by that
State during the late war, accompanied by
vouchers and pay-rolls ; which were referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented the petition
of H. J. Libby & Co., and others, citizens of
Portland, Maine, praying for the enactment
of jnst and equal laws for the regulation of
inter-State insurance of all kinds; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of David
Morrison, praying for a pension; which was
referred^to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON presented a petition of officers
of the armies of the United States, praying for
an increase of their pay; which was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the'
Militia.
Mr. NYE presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the passage of a
law prohibiting the Central Pacific Railroad
Company or any other railroad company which
may hereafter receive donations of land in aid
of its construction from acquiring any right,
title, or interest whatsoever to the minerals of
whatever character, except iron and coal, which
have been or may hereafter be discovered in
lands so donated; which were referred: to the
Committee on Public Lands.
He also presented resolutions of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the so-called
"Monroe doctrine," and adverse to the estab-
lishment of any empire or other government,
by the aid of foreign intervention, on any por-
tion of the American continent, and especially
opposing the establishment of the empire of
Maximilian in Mexico by French influence as
an unfriendly act toward the United States;
which were referred to the 'Committee on For-
eign Relations.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of a speedy trial of
Jefferson Davis; which was referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the establishment
of a semi-weekly mail route from Aurora to
Silver Peak in that State; which was referred
to the Committee on Post Olfices and Post
Roads.
He also presented a resolution of the Legis-
lature of Nevada, in favor of the establishment
of a daily mail from Virginia City to American
City, in that State; which was referred to the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORGAN. The Committee on Fi-
nance, to whom was referred the petition of the
Union League Club of the eity of New York,
praying Congress to appropriate and pay to the
family of the late President Lincoln his salary
for his full term of office, have had the same
under consideration, and have instructed me to
ask to bo discharged from the further consid-
eration of the petition, Congress having already
taken action in regard to that subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 115) for a grant of lands to the State of
Kansas to aid in the construction of the North-
ern Kansas railroad and telegraph, reported it
with an amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY", from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred the memorial of J. W. Warren, of Al-
bany, "Wisconsin, praying for compensation for
damages sustained by him in consequence of
the rescinding of the acceptance of his bid by
the Postmaster General to carry the United
States mail on route No. 131o0 from Mill
Haven to Grand llapids in that State, sub-
mitted an adverse report. The committee
were discharged from the further consideration
of the memorial, and the report was ordered to
bo printed.
Mr. RAMSEY also, from the same commit-
tee, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 1G3)
to authorize the Milwaukee and Prairie Du
Chien Railway Company to construct a bridge
across the Mississippi river, and establish'a
post route, reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CHANDLER, from the Committee on
Commerce, to whom wa%referred a joint reso-
lution (IT. R. No. 57) authorizing the Secre-
taries of War and the Navy to place hulks and
vessels at the disposal of commissioners of
quarantine or other proper authorities at
ports of the United States, reported it with-
out amendment.
A. J. GRAY.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The Committee on
Pensions, to whom was recommitted the bill
(S. No. 180) for the relief of A. J. Gray, have
directed me to report it back without amend-
ment, accompanied by a written report, and'to
ask that the bill may be taken up and acted
upon now. Tt is the same ease that we had
under consideration yesterday.
There being no objection, the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole proceeded to consider
the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the Secre-
tary to read the report.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
The Committee on Pensions, to whom was referred
the petition of A. J. Gray for a pension, beg leave to
report that-A. J. Sray was appointed a pilot of tho-
Mississippi squadron on the 21st day of December,
1802; he served for a short time on the steamer Louis-
ville, and'then was, by order of Admiral Porter, de-
tailed to serve on the Judge Torrence, on which he
served until the 13th of February, 1863. He was hon-
orably discharged on account ot disease contracted
in the service of the country. His disease, according
to the certificates of two surgeons, one a Govern-
ment officcr, was caused by concussion resulting in a
settled nervous disease which has caused partial pa-
ralysis of the nerves of locomotion, rendering him a'
cripple for life, and also impairing his sense of hear-
ing. His injuries ha ve rendered him unable to mak®
a support for himself and family, and the committee
think the facts in this case fully justify the bill here-
with roported.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
PAPERS RECOMMITTED.
Mr. WILLIAMS. By the instruction of the.
Committee on Claims 1 made an adverse re-
port yesterday morning on the case of Mrs.
Elizabeth Smith. I now move to recommit.the
petition, papers, and report to the Committee
on Claims for further consideration.
The motion was agreed to.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
191) to provide clerical force for military divis-
ions and departments; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. POLAND asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 89) to refer the claim of the
administrator of Richard W. Meade, deceased,
to the Court of Claims; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
Mr. POLAND also asked, and by unan-
imous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 40) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States; which was read twice by its title.
_ Mr. CRESWELL. I ask that that resolu-
tion may be read at length.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
JlntnJvrtl, <{V., That the following amendment to
the Constitution of the United States shall be pro-
posed, which, when ratified by the Legislatures of
three fourths of the Stales, shall he valid to all in-
tents and purposes as part of the Constitution of tha
United States:
Article—. ISTo person who hasboen or shall be will -
ingly engaged in rebellion against the United States
shall exercise the elective franchise or hold any office
under the authority of the United States or of any
State.
Article —. Congress shall have power to pass all
laws necessary to enforce the foregoing article.
Mr. POLAND. I move that the joint res-
olution bo printed, and referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce ajoint res-
olution (S. R. No. 41) relating to lands granted
to the State of Minnesota to aid in constructing
railroads; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolutions; which were ordered to lie on the
table, and be printed:
1. Resohed, That the late rebellion was a contest
between freedom and slavery. To perpetuate human
bondage against the influences of a progressive civ-
ilization, which it was feared would soon manifest
itself in the political action of the Government, a
portion of the people of eleven States attempted to
withdraw themselves and their States from the opera-
tion of such influences.
2. When the laws were resisted in this attempted
secession it was theprovince of Congress "to provide
for calling forth the militia to execute the laws of tha
Union." When insurrection was inaugurated Con-
