1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
eighth section of the first article, is a power
evidently looking to a war between the united
States and a foreign nation. The authority, too,
to protect the United States, or a State, by arms
against invasion is a power given to Congress
for protection against foreign invasion. If there
could be any doubt, looking to the character of
the Government, that such is the limitation of
the war power, that doubt would be removed by
the fact that there is in another part of the same
section a provision which looks to the carrying
on of such a contest as the one in which we have
just been engaged. The language of that clause
of the section succeeding the one which gives
to Congress the authority to declare war, to
raise and support armies, and to maintain and
equip a navy, is:
"To provido for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the United States, suppress insurrection,"
&c.
It was not, therefore, by means of the war
Sower conferred upon Congress by the antece-
ent clause, giving to Congress the authority to
declare war and vesting it with the means ade-
quate to the end designed, that domestic out-
breaks among ourselves were to be supjjressed.
"The Convention looked to two contingencies as
likely to happen: first, that we might bo involved
in war with foreign nations; secondly, that we
might be involved in domestic troubles. For
the one, they conferred upon Congress the war
power, strictly speaking ; and for the other, the
authority to suppress insurrections,not by means
of the war power, but by means of force. It was
a police power given to Congress as such; not a
power under which, by any possible mode in
which it could be exercised, any conquest, in the
proper sense of that term, was to be achieved ;
not a power by which there was to be extin-
guished any existing institution in anyone of the
States; and, above all, not a power to destroy a
State or States.
You will remember, Mr. President, and every
member of the Senate who is familiar with the
proceedings of the Convention will, I have
no doubt, remember, that when it was sug-
gested that Congress should have the authority
to make war against a State, the proposition
was repudiated as lata! to the Government by
two leaders of that body of mighty men, Ham-
ilton and Madison. I have not time to state
their reasons, nor to refer to the debates where
they are to be found, it is sufficient for my pur-
pose to say that they both denied that, as far as
the Convention had proceeded at that time, any
such authority was given to Congress, and pro-
tested against the propriety of conferring any
such power, and it was never conferred.
The power actually given was a power to
preserve, not to destroy; a power to main-
tain, not to extinguish; a power to make the
Government what the preamble to the Consti-
tution states to be the purpose of its framers,
perpetual; a Government for the security of lib-
erty for themselves and their posterity forever.
It would have been an extraordinary anomaly,
one that would justly have deprived its authors
of the reputation that they now hold in the eyes of
the civilized world, if, in forming a Government
they designed to bo perpetual, they had given
it a power to destroy itself. The purpose, then,
of the war power, strictly speaking, and of the
police power conferred upon Congress by that
clause in the eighth section of the first article,
was to preserve, and not to destroy; to preserve
it if assailed by a foreign foe; to preserve it if
assailed by domestic treason or violence.
The proposition is so clear that I should not
have deemed it necessary to cite authorities for
the purpose of proving it, but that perhaps the
observations of the honorable member from
"Wisconsin may induce some of the Senate, or
induce the public, to suppose that there is in
the Constitution an authority to carry on a war
against a State. The question has been before
the Supreme Court of the United States in the
eases the opinion in which has been very much
relied upon as maintaining in part the doctrine
for which the honorable member contends: 1
mean the prize cases. Mr. Justice Grier, in
delivering the opinion of the court in these
cases, uses this language:
" By the Constitution Congress alone has the power
to declare a national or foreign \v;u-. It cannot de-
clare war against a State, or any number of States,
by virtue of any clause in the Constitution; The Con-
stitution confers on the President the whole executive
power. Ho is bound to take care that the laws be
faithfully executed. He is Commander-in-Chief of
the Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several States when called into the act-
ual service of the United Statos. He has no powerto
initiate ordeclare war either against a foreign nation
or adomestieState. But by the acts of CongressofEeb-
ruary 28,1795, and of March 3, 1807, he is authorized
to call out the militia and usethe military and naval
forces of the United States in case of invasion by for-
eign nations, and to suppress insurrection a.gainstthe
government of a State or of the United States."
Here, then, is an express denial of the power,
either upon the part of' Congress, or upon the
part of the Executive, to carry on a war against
a State, under any clause of the Constitution.
The language is plain and positive. "It can-
not," says the court — that is Congress can-
not—" declare war against a State or any num-
ber of States, by virtue of any clause in the
Constitution.'' And the same doctrine is held
by the minority in the opinion delivered by Mr.
Justice Nelson. He says:
"The acts of 1795 and 1807 did not, and could not,
under the Constitution, eontcr on the President the
power of declaring war against a State of this Union."
We have, then, the unanimous opinion of the
Supreme Court that domestic troubles, insur-
rection, a refusal to obey the Constitution or
laws of the United States, or to execute the
laws, or to interpose obstacles against the exe-
cution of the laws, do not authorize Congress,
to declare war against the State in which such
insurrection may exist, is not a condition of
things in which the President has any power to
carry on a war by virtue of the war power for
the purpose of reinstating the authority of the
Government, but, on the contrary, is a state of
things to be remedied by means of the police
power, which Congress maj authorize the use
of by empowering the President to call out the
militia, or use the Army and .Navy of the Uni-
ted States to suppress an existing insurrection
when it can be suppressed in no other way.
It would seem, therefore, to follow that when
the insurrection is suppressed, when the contin-
gency which requires a resort to the police power
is at an end, the continuing use of that power,
only conferred to suppress an insurrection, to
carry on a war against a State in which there is
no insurrection, is a simple absurdity. The
design of the authority was to provide exclu-
sively for the exigency, to meet which was the
declared object of vesting the power in Con-
gress to suppress insurrection. If the authority
of the Government is set, at defiance, if the laws
cannot be executed by civil process, it is made
the duty of Congress to provide other means by
which it can bo accomplished. It is their prov-
ince, therefore, to put the President in posses-
sion of such means. But there is no more right
to exert by force the police power after the in-
surrection is suppressed than there is to exert
it before the insurrection commenced.
Mr. President, if I am right in this—and I do
not think I can be mistaken—and there arc no
other grounds on which the proposition of the
honorable gentleman from "Wisconsin might be
controverted, it is found to be repudiated by
the positive provisions of the Constitution and
by the decision of the Supreme Court.
But it is said that although there was no au-
thority to carry on hostilities for the purpose of
exterminating the States in which insurrection
prevailed, that although that result would not
have been attained by the use of force alone, yet
that, the conduct of the citizens of those States
has attained it, and that the States as such are at
an end. At. an end how? At an end why? At
an end because they decided to secede and '
attempted it? At an end because we have
acquired rights over them by conquest which
we had not when the rebellion begun? Now a
word as to the first ground.
The States ceased to exist by virtue of the
conduct of their own citizens, is the argument. J
What conduct, and when had it that effect? I
They passed ordinances of secession. Were
these valid? Had they any legal operation what-
ever? Did they take the States whose people
had passed such ordinances out of the union?
Did they dissolve the connection to any extent
which existed as between those States and tie
Union by force of the Constitution? If they
did, it can only be because the ordinances were
valid. The States are out, says the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin, because their people
determined that they should go out: they are
out, because they were so far disloyal as to de-
clare by ordinance that they were out; they?M*e
out because they are still disloyal, although the
insurrection has been in fact suppressed and the
authority of the Government reinstated. "Well,
if they are, why is that the result? If the ordi-
nances were void, they could not take them out.
If the citizens had not a right to be disloyal,
their disloyalty could not put them out. If,
notwithstanding the ordinances, on the day after
they wore passed the States were as much in the
Union as on the day before they were passed,
and if, after the ordinances were adopted and
hostilities were being carried on, their citizens
had no more right to be disloyal than they had
before hostilities commenced, then they are just
as much in the Union now as they were before.
Will any member of the Senate seriously main-
tain, or maintain at all, that the ordinance of
secession had any validity whatever? If any
member does so hold, the war upon our part has
been a great crime; we have been traitors to the
obligations we are under to the Constitution, and
not those who, exercising the right of secession,
have separated themselves from us. But if, as
wo all hold, and now everybody thinks, the Con-
stitution confers no right of separation, but im-
poses an obligation upon every citizen in every
State, no matter what may be his conduct or the
conduct of all his fellow-citizens, as absolute as
itdoes upon every citizen in any other State, then
the ordinances of secession were simply void,
absolutely void, having no more effect to termi-
nate the connection between those States and
the people of those States and llie Government
of the u nion, than if sucli ordinances had been
passed by any people outside of the limits of the
United States ; and my friend from Wisconsin
must admit this view to be correct.
If the ordinances of secession then had no op-
eration, but were legal nullities, how is it that
separation is effected by the conduct of the indi-
vidual citizens ? Is not every man who has been
engaged in the insurrection, and who has at-
tempted to maintain it by force of arms, a traitor,
if we look merely to the language of the Consti-
tution in its definition of treason? Can anybody
doubt that? Whether he may be prosecuted for
treason now, under the circumstances which
have occurred since hostilities commenced,.is
a grave question which I do not propose to dis-
cuss or to express an opinion upon at this time.
But, regarding only the single fact that he has
been a party to the insurrection and has endeav-
ored to aid and support it by force of. arms, I
apprehend there is not a member of the Senate
who will for a moment question the right of the
Government to prosecute liim for treason, and
that that right is not dependent upon the time
at which he may have attempted by force of
arms to resist the authority of the Government.
If done an hour before hostilities terminated by
the surrender of the insurgents, he is just as
much a traitor, in the eye of the Constitution,
looking alone to the fact that he was so engaged,
as he was a traitor who, in the origin of the re-
bellion, supported it by force of arms. And if
this bo so. why is it>80? Only because he was
then, and is still, a citizen of the United States,
bound by the Constitution of the United States,
under the obligation of the laws of the United
States, and because what, he lias done has been
an act violative of the obligations of both, and
an act subjecting himself to the consequences
of that violation, just as absolutely as uiy hon-
orable friend (if lie will permit me to suppose
such a thing possible) would be if he, in his
State of Wisconsin, was found in arms resisting
the rightful authority of the United States.
