1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3173
superinducing what seems to be so odious when
only negroes are involved, a despicable oli-
garchy. It is an insidious and fatal blow at
the political equality of white men and at our
American republican form of government. I
will do all I can to remove it, and if il'caunol
be removed I will do all I can to rescue the
noble citizens of the South from the slavery
and degradation it imposes even though it lead
to a continuance of the dissolution of the Union.
Anxious as 1 am to restore the States to their
former status in the Union, I will not by my
voice weaken those guarantees of liberty which
our fathers established for themselves and for
us their posterity, even to continue or preserve
the Union itself. Liberty is worth more than
Union. The Congress, sir, that will keep that
test in force will only admit those southern
men who will misrepresent their constituents.
Better wait for better times and better men.
"When vice prevails, and impious men bear sway,
The post of honor is a private station."
There is another objection of a kindred char-
acter, and producing similar results-to the one
I have just referred to, which bears strongly
upon my mind, and which, as the facts arise,
would pause me to cast my vote against prac-
tically bringing about either mode of recon-
struction. The exclusion from the ballot-box
of the white men of the South in the choice of
their Representatives, whether'brought about
under the President's plan or the congressional
plan, shall never receive my sanction. No mat-
ter what pretense lor excluding them from the
polls, whether for too little loyalty or too much
disloyalty, so called, by my vote such a cor-
ruption, leading ultimately to the overthrow
ol my country's liberty, shall never take place
in this body-politic. That one tenth of the
citizens of a State, with the aid of foreign
force, should be allowed to alter its constitu-
tion and laws so as to disfranchise nine tenths,
and call themselves the rightful government, in
view of the fundamental principle upon which
all our governments are based, is too absurd
to enter the mind of any but a tricky tyrant.
The State that adopts such a principle and the
man who comes here in consequence of its
adoption, shall never enter, the one into this
Union, or the other into this House, if my
voice can prevent it. They shall not extend
here the infernal trail of the tyrant. They must
come dressed in the pure American republican
garb which our noble forefathers recognized
and expected to be guarantied, and not like a
Juggernaut in its passage to the temple, crush-
ing under its ponderous wheels the very vitals
of true American republicanism.
But, Mr. Speaker, both sides, the southern
and northern States, pretend to be anxious.
I feel confident, under the circumstances in
which they are placed, the southern States are
willing to enter again into the compact, and
be subject to the old Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. It was not the Constitution they
fell out with, but the perversion of it by their
northern associates, and their persistent designs
to violate and destroy important rights which
were secured by that instrument. Those rights
1 have been destroyed, and can never again lie
a source of discord between the North and the
South Slavery has l^een abolished, and the
seceded States have acquiesced in it; and the
negro is placed in the position which you de-
sired him to have when you provoked this war.
It agonized you to think that he should be
subjected to compulsory and uncompensated
labir, and your agony lias been removed. The
idea of the free white northerners working by
the side of or in view of' a negro slave in the
Territories of the Union, which seemed to
horrify you, can now have no place in your
minds, and your people and the tree negro can
mingle together, both socially and politically,
in a manner to suit your tastes. This is the
full extent of your expiessed desire; and why,
when you have ail you desired when the war
broke out, do you now throw obstacles in the
way of reunion? You even professed to go to
war for the Union, and now, when free ne-
groism is obtained and union is ottered, you
refuse it, and decide it to be highly important
to use the negro in various other phases for
the purpose of enabling you still further and
still longer to oppress your brethren of the
South. You wish to use him as a lever in order
to increase and preserve your own overgrown
political power and diminish that of the South
without in the least effecting any improvement
in the condition of your pretended pet. You
know your proposed amendment of the Const?
tution cannot be adopted if the southern. States
shall vote against.it, and I think yon must
believe that it will never receive their assent.
You can never hope for such a result, and they
would deserve to be slaves should they aid in
bringing it about. They will reject with scorn
the terms of youi- proposed amnesty, and will
await awhile the calm and considerate action
of the people of this country to aid them in
again honorably becoming members of this
Union. You must answer to your people why
it is. What is to be gained, under the circum-
stances, by keeping those out whom you are
unwilling shall stay out, and who arc willing
to come in? You will certainly not try to
humbug your constituents by pretending to
any fear of the physical strength of the South.
The confederacy has not under its control a
single cannon, a single musket, or a single
round of ammunition.
You will still further strive to allay the
desire of the people for an early reunion by
urging what 1 suppose weighs most heavily
upon your minds. If we let in the South, you
urge,.they, together with our political oppo-
nents, the Democrats, with whom we fear they
will unite, may boinu, majority iu Congress, and
may be able to prevent we Republicans from
passing such laws as may suit our purposes,
and worst of all,' may defeat our candidate for
the Presidency. If your constituents to whom
you urge these considerations are as shrewd
as they have the character of being they will
soon penetrate the thin mask thrown over your
selfishness, and infe? that the man who could
urge such a reason either expected to be Pres-
ident himself or to hold some good fat office
within his appointment. And if, too, your
constituents arc as intelligent and patriotic as
you claim them to bo, they would tell you that
if the people of the southern States, when ad-
mitted, shall, with the northern Democrats, be
able to thwart 3*our selfish and ambitious views
in this respect, it will be in perfect accord with
the provisions of our Constitution and form
of Government; and they will further say that
the motives that operate upon you, if carried
into practice, are a complete overthrow of the
fundamental principle of our Government, that
a majority of the people should have something
to say in making or preventing the making of
laws, or in electing a President.
But you will further urge that in such a con-
dition of things they may repudiate the public
debt. This your intelligent constituents will
say is not a sufficient reason if true, because
if the people of this country, in a proper con-
stitutional mode, shall declare that this debt
shall not be paid, they have the power to say
so ; and it is not because the bonds arc all held
North that they should not havo and exercise
this right, if they choosc. It is not the only
debt, by several that the people have repudi-
ated, and are likely to repudiate. Besides,
these bonds cost many who hold them a com-
paratively trifling sum. Cannot the northern
and southern people, he will say, with the view
of living in" peacc and good fellowship, put
•their heads together and devise some plan by
which this evil shall be obviated ? The re-
sources of this country are enormous. Prob-
ably an increase of the debt, with a diminu-
tion of the interest, might have a tendency to
strengthen the security and improve the value
of the stock, and might, too, if judiciously dis-
tributed, be one of the .--trongpst links to bind
this Union together for ageo. It is probable
yon are a holder .of some of theie bonds, and
the view of jour constituent does not excite j
agreeable idcfts in jour mind, and you drop the
subject.
But you at him again, and urge the immense
debt of gratitude this country is under to the
negro as an excuse for making him, as it were,
a condition-precedent to reunion. Withoift
their highly important aid we should never have
overcome the South; indeed, they might have "
whipped us. Your constituent, if he is a maa
of spirit, will frown at this as being rather to'o
degrading a position to be placed in, even to
secure party ascendency. The idea that five
million white southerners could successfully
contend against twenty-five million of his North-
ern people does not strike him as being flatter-
ing to any but the southerners; and unless he
is a man of very good temper, it is likely he
will break off from you, exclaiming, in a very
decided manner, that the negroes have all the
rights we engaged for. They are free negroes,
so called, and with a full understanding before-
hand what free negroism meant. They have
ample security for that position, and let them
now take care of themselves. This country
has been very happy and prosperous notwith-
standing the former status of the free negro,
and I am not willing to sow the seeds of future
discord, and may be future wars, between the
whites of this country in order to place him in
a position which increases the happiness of
neither white nor black, and probably diminish
that of both. Theoretical perfection may be
preached byygurBeechers, Cheevcrs, andPhil-
lipses, but it will never be practically attained
in this world. Thus would end the colloquy
between you and your constituent. He has
evidently the better of the argument, and
appears to tie a man not easily gulled.
Not heeding Ibis counsel, you are bent on
schemes which seem to contain nothing but
the elements of mischief and revenge,'leading
to a continued and indefinite separation oflhe
Union and aiming at the degradation of the
white people of the South. This last you will
not, and 1 say it in the name of the American
people, you shall not, accomplish.
But there is something in the spirit of the
southern people which will thwart your de-
signs'. If they have lowered the standard of
their confederacy, they have not lowered the
standard of their pride—a becoming pride in
the estimation of an honorable enemy. The
southerner has all around him, without speak-
ing of the merits of the late contest, tokens of
the endurance, courage, and prowess of his
people. Sad spectacle though it be, it will not
diminish his tone that he can on his own soil
walk over the graves of nearly three hundred
thousand of his courageous enemies, and—
" Standing on the Yankee's grave,
Ho will not deem himself a slave."
The schemes by which you will bring about
some of the results T have alluded to are now
before Congress and the country. Yon twist
and turn and go through all the contortions of
a serpent in order to make the negroes the
fellow-citizens and equals of the white man,
and yet you are not satisfied that you can do
it. In the civil rights bill you boldly declared
them to be citizens of the United States. I
admired the boldness of the declaration, be-
cause it was known to come in direct conflict
with the highest judicial authority in this
country, and which rendered such a congres-
sional declaration perfectly null and void.
The decision of the court in the Dred Scott
ease, attended wilh the lucid and powerful
argument of that great judge and upright rosin,
Chief Justice Taney, sustained by the opinion
of Abraham Lincoln and Judge McLean, two
fathers of your party, in the declaration that
negroes are not citizens of the United States,
the uniform practice.of the States for years in
rejecting the free negroes from their borders,
would justify'any judge in any State in re-
pudiating the authority of that law.
The amendment of the Constitution now
submitted to the country, and doubtfully reit-
erating the fact of negro citizenship, and other-
wise in an equivocal manner straggling to
bring about an equality of the races, will be
spurned from their presence by the southern
States, and, thank Heaven, theie are southern
