2214
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 26,
of the whole Northwest can send their products
to market. We have struggled here year after
year, and year after year, to get it done, but
we cannot, and our constituents are suffering
now as never before because they cannot get
their products to market. And yet you have
agreed to expend $9"),000,000 to build the Cen-
tral Pacific railroad in addition to all the land
you gave for the purpose; and now you are
proposing to give lands and to vote $69,000,000
to build another Pacific railroad.
Mr. DAWES. The Representatives of Mas-
sachusetts did not vote against the measure to
which the gentleman referred just now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Well, Mas-
sachusetts was all right, with one or two excep-
tions. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I believe I voted against
it, because my friend had taught me that tax-
ation was so heavy that we ought to do nothing
to increase it. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish my
friend from Pennsylvania would follow my
teachings a little oftener. [Laughter.] If he
did he would be upon much safer ground than
that upon which he is treading now. Sir, I
say it is unsafe ground. We have not a moral
right to incur this liability of £09,000,000 for
the benefit of a private corporation. As I
have said, it is shocking to think that such a
measure as this can pass. Now, I think I have
shown, in regard to the liability which it is pro-
posed to assume in this bill, that that amount
has got io bo paid, and jiaid by the Government
of the United States. It is so much added
to our national debt. It is nearly three quar-
ters of a hundred million "atone fell swoop,"
and the bill involving this was brought in here
to bo put through at an evening session, when
the galleries were iilled with spectators and
lobby members looking down upon us, when
our chandeliers were brilliantly lighted, and
wo were silting here in our cushioned chairs
voting away the people's money with magnifi-
cent imlifl'orew. There was no report accom-
panying tin.' bill. My friend from Iowa [Mr.
l'uii'F.j did not condescend to put in a report
to tell ns anything about this measure. No,
not a single word. He simply reported a
naked bill, and lie would have proposed, I pre-
sume, that the discussion should be limited to
three minutes to each man, and then put the
bill through under the previous question.
Now, sir, I do not believe that in any other
country but this such legislation would ever bo
tolerated for a moment; and I do not believe
the people of any other country would tolerate
men who would thus vote away their money
without being duly and fully advised concern-
ing the measure. Sir, the prospect is encour-
aging. Already, inspired by the prospective
success of this scheme, and livtlie prospect of
money ruimingso freely outof'tbe public Treas-
ury, some enterprising person has laid upon
our desks to-day a proposition for a subsidy to
ocean mail steamers and ocean mail routes.
Abundant, arguments can undoubtedly be ad-
duced why we should grant two, three, live, or
ten millions a year as subsidy to these ocean
mail routes.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Certainly.
Mr. THAYER. I observe that there is upon
our files another House bill, No. 378, which is
entitled "A bill to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad,''
which is to connect the great lakes with the
Gulf of Mexico; and I observe that by the
fourth section of that bill it is proposed'that
the United States shall guaranty what are
called "construction bonds," bondsof $1,000,
twenty of which are to be issued for every mile
of the road. I want to^ ask the gentleman
whether he can give us any information in regard
to that bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh, no;
these railroad hills are so numerous, and they
come in here so fast, that it would take any one
member of this House almost all his time to
keep track of them. I know I am kept busy
moving to reconsider, and laying that motion
upon the table, the references of these bills to
the. committees.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I ask where all this is to
load.
Mr. GARFIELD. To the Pacific coast.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. "In a
horn!" [Great laughter.] It would lead to
the bottom of an almost empty Treasury.
That is where it would undoubtedly lead if
this bill shall receive our sanction.
Mr. WINDOM. And then what would be-
come of the Illinois ship-canal?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That re-
minds mo that if all the money go in this par-
ticular direction there will be none left for
practical improvements demanded by the vast
interests of the constituents of my friend and
the people of the whole Northwest. My friend's
constituents, like mine, have been plundered
by these corporations and by these monopolies
until they have declared that forbearance has
ccased to be a virtue in regard to them, aud
when ninety-nine out of every hundred of my
friend's constituents demand a better means of
commercial transportation to the East I am
surprised that he should be willing to gratify
one out of a hundred by taking all the money
of tho Government to build this Northern
Pacific railroad and devising nothing to afford
them an outlet east.
Mr. WINDOM. They are emigrating to the
West.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. And I do
not wonder at it. If they do not send Repre-
sentatives here who will see that their inter-
ests are vindicated, who will use their influence
to give them a better market for their products,
then I do not wonder that they emigrate to the
West. [Laughter.] If 1 were a citizen of the
State of Minnesota, I think I should emigrate
West in that condition of affairs ; although, if
I were a citizen of the district of my distin-
guished friend, I should dislike very much to
leave it on his account. [Renewed laughter.]
Mr. WTNDOM. I voted for the canal.
Mr. WASIIBUUN'E, of Illinois. I know
the gentleman voted for it, and I know he has
been an able and \igiiant Representative. But
1 tell him (hat if such schemes as this are to go
tluough, it is no use for him, or me, or any-
body else, to think of getting appropriations for
what is so necessary to our people in the North-
west.
Mr. WINDOM. IIow about the money
voted for Brigham Young?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Iroeollect
that episode, when my friend seemed to bo so
much disturbed about a little money that he
said was going to Brigham Young. He seems
to have a prejudice against Brigham. I hope
Brigham docs not interfere with any of his
rights, [great laughter,] so that'he and I will
quit there. My sympathy is in another direc-
tion ; not in the direction of the gentleman
from Minnesota.
But this is mere badinage, neither here nor
there, and I am sorry the House has been
' detained so long about it.
I have seen a document which has been
printed and laid upon our tables, styled "An
appeal to Congress in behalf of the North-
west." Now, I consider myself a very small
part, of the Northwest. I believe I have been
in the Northwest longer than any member of
this House, except my venerable colleague
from the Chicago district, [Mr. Wkxtwomh.]
[Great laughter.] He is longer there than I
am. [Renewed laughter.]
I have been somewhat identified with the
interests of the Northwest, for I have lived there
more than half my life. I have seen it grow in
power and in magnitude and also in glory, and
1 have felt a pride in it all. And I conceive
that I might have some little share in the
guardianship of the interests of the Northwest.
But we seem to be left out of consideration in
this matter, and the guardianship has gone to
other hands.
Here is a pamphlet on this subject put on
our desks. The names of the parties on the
back of this book to which I have referred, this
" Appeal to Congress in behalf of the North-
west," arc paraded on the outside, some of
them in very large letters, as the indorsers of
this scheme. I find there the name of Lieu-
tenant General Grant, ofMajor General Meade,
and Brevet Major General Ingalls, as well as
others, all gentlemen for whom I have the high-
est respect, and esteem.
Mr> DARLING. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him one question ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir.
Mr. DARLING. I desire to inquire whether,
when the charter of this company was granted
two years ago, the gentleman from Illinois did
notpropose an amendment by which the name
of General McClellan was stricken out and the
name of General Grant inserted as one of the
corporators.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It is very
likely, sir. It was certainly a very excellent
change. [Laughter.] If the gentieman feels
aggrieved about the matter, I hope he will make
his grievance known to his constituents.
Mr. DARLING. No, sir. 1 agree with the
gentleman that it was a very good change.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
suppose, sir, that General Grant ever knew
that his name was in the list of corporators.
But his letter on this subject, has been referred
to, and the gentleman from Iowa, though I do
not know why he should do so, has appealed
to me particularly to listen to what General
Grant had said on this subject. Now, sir, the
opinions of that distinguished officer on sub-
jects with which he is familiar, and to which
ho has given his attention, have very great
weight with me, though I am not bound to
permit his opinion, or that of any other man,
to override the convictions of my own judg-
ment. And let mc say to my friend that the
opinions of General (Irant have weight with
mo because of his notions in regard to these
very questions of economy, for I undertake to
say that no man' has devoted himself more
zealously to reducing the expenditures of the
Government and diminishing the taxation of
the people than has General Grant during the
last year.
Mr. PRICE. I think so, too ; and that is
the reason why I have given General Grant as
an authority on this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. What does
General Grant say ? Let me say to my friend
from Iowa that I do not know but I indorse
every word that General Grant says on the sub-
ject. He says:
" In my opinion, too. tlio United States would re-
ceivc nn additional pecuniary benefitin the construc-
tion of this road, by the settlement it would induce
along the line of the road, and consequently tho less
number of troops necessary to secure order and
safety.''
• No doubt it would be a benefit in that way.
But he adds:
" How far these benefits ehould be compensated by
the General Government beyond the grant of land
alroady awarded by Congress, I would not pretend
to say."
That is the language of General Grant. And
he says further:
"I would merely give it as my opinion that the
enterprise of constructing the Northern Pacific rail-
road is one well worth loitering by the General Gov-
ernment, and that such aid could well be afforded as
would insure the early prosecution of the work."
Yes, sir, "such aid as would secure the early
prosecution of the work." That aid this com-
pany already has. So far as regards the propri-
ety of the Government guarantying thfe stock
of this company in the manner proposed, let
me say that General Grant himself told me
that he declined an indorsement of the policy
of a guarantee of the stock by the United States.
Sir, I have spoken on this question with some
degree of earnestness, for I have the strongest
conviction of the impolicy of the measure. I
do not know that there ever came before the
House a measure calling'forth the more ear-
nest attention of the House than this bill de-
mands. Sir, if wo are to aid in this way in the
construction of this road, shall we not be called
