1254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
Invalid Pensions of the House of Representa-
tives at the last session, and upon the strength of
those facts this report was made, not giving the
facts so much in detail as they have been given
by the Senator from West Virginia, but I re-
member distinctly that thejr were all stated and
proved, and in making this report the same
conclusions were given. -
Mr. BUCKALEW. I move that this case
be laid over for the present, and when the ques-
tion in regard to the identity of this person is
cleared up I will call it up again.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This is a bill for
the relief of Peter Anderson, and the report is
in relation to Peter Anderson, and there can-
not be any mistake about it.
Mr. CLARK. I think the identity of this
man had better be established, for certain it is
that we have precisely a similar case before
the Committee on Claims of a man asking pay-
ment for tobacco, who calls himself Johnson.
If they be different persons, their cases are mar-
velously alike. If they are but one that fact
should be ascertained.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Here is the signa-
ture attached to tho papers.
Mr. CLARK. That does not identify the
man. There can be no harm in laying the
bill aside until we can ascertain the fact.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I will state that there
must be a mistake in the name. This case of
Anderson's was considered in the committee
under the supposition that it was the same as
the case of the person called Johnson.
Mr. CLARK. It may be all right, but we
certainly have a man by the name of Johnson,
who was wounded in the Mexican war, who
has not the use of his limbs, who has a claim
for tobacco, and he asserts that he went through
our lines to do service for us and lost that to-
bacco. I think we had better determine this
fuestion of identity before proceeding further.
have no hostility to the claim.
Mr, VAN WINKLE. Isuggestthat the bill
be recommitted.
Mr. CLARK. Let it lie on the table, and wo
can ascertain how the facts are.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 happen to be upon both com-
mittees, and I know the two cases are separate
and distinct. Tho case the Senator from New
Hampshire refers to is the ease of tobacco whicl^
was lost in the Mississippi river in a skiff.
Mr. CLARK. Allow me to ask the Senator
if he knows the two men, and knows they are
different men?
Mr. DAVIS. I know that the loss of the
tobacco in these two cases was at different pe-
riods, and at different and distant places. One
lost his stock in trade in the city of Mobile; the
other had his tobacco on the Slississippi river
in a skiff, which he said was taken possession
of by some United States officers, and a storm
came up and sunk his skiff.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will say that he knows the two men, and
knows them to be different persons, I will not
object to the bill; otherwise, I shall move to
lay it upon the tabre until we ascertain that fact.
Mx\ DAVIS. I do not know either of them.
Mr. CLARK. Then I think it had better lie
on the table for tho present.
The PRESIDENI pro tempore. It is moved
that this bill be laid upon the table, and that
mofton is not debatable.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. MePHERSow, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the joint resolution of the Senate (S. R. No.
36) providing for the expenses incurred in
searching for missing soldiers of the Army of
the United States, and for the further prosecu-
tion of the same.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(H. R. No. 384) to fix the number of judges of
the Supreme Court of the United States, and
to change certain judicial circuits, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No.
17) giving the consent of Congress to the trans-
fer of the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson to
the State of West Virginia; and itwas thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
APPORTIONMENT OF* REPRESENTATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The special
order assigned for to-day at one o'clock, being
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 57) proposing
to amend the Constitutioivofthe United States,
will now be considered as before the Senate,
and upon that question the Senator from Maine
[Mr. Moekill] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. MORRILL addressed the Senate in sup-
port of the joint resolution. [His remarks will
be published in the Appendix.]
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, there are in-
dications not to be mistaken that this amend-
ment is doomed to defeat. To me this result
will be a subject of sincere and profound regret.
My heart, my conscience, and my judgment
approve of this amendment, and I support it
^without cj ualification or reservation. I approve
of the purpose for which it is introduced ; I ap-
prove it because I believe it would sweep the
loyal Stares by an immense majority ; that no
public man could stand before the people of the
loyal States in opposition to it or oppose it with
any force whatever. I approve it because I
believe if it were put in the Constitution every
black man in America, before five years could
pass, would be enfranchised and weaponed with
the ballot for the protection of life, liberty, and
property.
Senators on the other side of the Chamber
pronounce this measure unjust to the States
recently in rebellion. Some of them tell us that
we who are pressing it are willing if we can
secure franchise for the black men to let all
other races go. We are quite as careful of the
rights of other races as are the Senators who
reproach us. We are also told that it is im-
moral and indecent, an offense to reason and
to conscience. Sir, this measure came into
Congress with the sanctiou of the committee
on reconstruction, composed as it is of men of
individual honor and personal character, and
as true to the cause of the colored race as any
> other men here or elsewhere. It comes to the
Senate by an overwhelming vote of the House
of Representatives. It is sustained by ninety-
nine out of every hundred of the public journals
that brought the present Administration into
power, and were it submitted to the American
people it would I am quite sure be sustained
by men in the loyal States who believe that the
soldier who fought the battles of the Republic
is the equal of the traitor who fought against
the country. It would be a question of man-
hood, a question whether one rebel in South
Carolina shall count as much in the Electoral
College and in the House of Representatives as
two loyal men of New England, or of the great
central States, or of the West.
Fighting tho battle before the people on the
question of the equality of the basis of repre-
sentation, it would triumph, go into and be-
come a portion of the Constitution of the coun-
try. Being incorporated in the Constitution,
the practical effect would be this, and only this:
it would raise up a party in every one of these
States immediately in favor of the enfranchise-
ment of the colored race. That party might be
animated and influenced by the love of power,
by pride, and by ambition. These men might
begin the contest, for they would not like to
yield the power of their States in Congress;
they might begin the battle, animated by no
high and lofty motives; but as soon as the dis-
cussion commenced, it would address itself to
the reason, to the heart, and to the conscience
of the people. The advocates of negro enfran-
chisement would themselves speedily grow up
to believe in the justice, equity, and right of
giving the ballot to the black men. There
would be discussion on every square mile of the
rebel States. Appeals would be made to their
pride, to their ambition, to their justice, to
their love of fair play, to their equity; all the
interests and passions and all the loftier motives
that can sway, control, and influence men,
would impel them to action. They would co-
operate with the'friends of freedom throughout
the country; would seek their counsel and aid.
They would be the left wing of the great army
of freedom, of elevation, and improvement in
the country. We would give them our influ-
ence, our voices, and our aid in fighting the
battle of enfranchisement. They wouldhavethe
support and the prayers of the poor black men
of the South ; and before five years had passed
away, there would not be a rebel State that did
not enfranchise the bondman. And when they
did triumph, they would have made a public
sentiment by which every black man could go
to the ballot-box in safety with his friends, vote
with his friends and under the protection of his
friends, and without1' having his head broken.''
Force suffrage by positive law upon Virginia or
the Carolinas or any of these States to-day, and
the negro would go to the ballot-box almost at
the peril of his lire; but let there be four or five
years of discussion by liberal and just men in
any of these States, and let them triumph and
give the suffrage themselves, and they will make
it as easy for the black men to vote without
molestation as they vote to-day in the Common-
wealth of Massachusetts.
I believe if this amendment were placed in
the Constitution it would bring suffrage to the
black men of the country within five years ; I
entertain not the shadow of a doubt about it;
and that when suffrage did come under those
circumstances, it would come, in the words of
Mr. Lincoln, "to stay;" it would be fixed for-
ever in the general policy of the whole country.
Believing this, I must give my vote for the
proposition. If I were to contribute to the
defeat of this great measure, and nothing
should be done for the enfranchisement of the
men who have fought the battles of this coun-
try, and of this race to which tho country owes
so much, I could not go back to my State and
answer the people there or answer my own
conscience.
Senators on the other side of the Chamber
have been pleased to talk about these proposed
amendments to the Constitution as though we
here were "innovators" and "radicals," for
that seems to be a phrase that falls glibly from
the lips of gentlemen in our time. Do not
Senators know that the framers of the Consti-
tution of the United States, mindful of the
imperfections of human institutions, prescribed
a mode for the amendment of the work of theii
hands? Do they not know that the First Con-
gress under the Constitution, guided by men
who were in the constitutional convention, pro-
posed twelve amendments to the Constitution,
ten of which were incorporated into that instru-
ment? Do they not know that the Third Con-
gress proposed another amendment, and the
Seventh' Congress another, which were adopted ?
Do they not remgmber that eminent statesmen
from that time until this have proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution without subjecting
themselves to denunciation as "innovators"
and "radicals?" t)o not these Senators re-
member that five years ago, when these Halls
rang with angry menaces of incipient treason,
five amendments to the Constitution were pro-
posed in what is called the Crittenden com-
promise : an amendment to recognize and
establish slavery, and protect it south of 3(5°
30'; an amendment forbidding the nation to
prohibit slavery where it possessed exclusive
jurisdiction; an amendment forbidding Con-
gress to abolish slavery in the District of Co-
lumbia without the consent of Maryland and
Virginia; an amendment to allow the slave-
masters to take their slaves with them and
range all over the loyal States, and hold them
manacled and chained in the face of a Chris-
tian people; and an amendment to pay for
fugitive slaves that had escaped from the Uni-
ted States marshals or were taken from them
by any mob that might be raised up in any part
of the country? Do not Senators remember
