190
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January .11,
Unless I am greatly mistaken this result can-
not depend on whether a few or many are in
the insurrection. It is insurrection still in the
view of the Constitution, and being insurrection
attempted to be maintained by force of arms, it
ia treason, and treason only because, like our-
selves who have been here during the whole of
the contest, faithful to our allegiance, these err-
ing, misguided men were citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and responsible to all the obligations
imposed upon citizens of the United States by
the Constitution and laws passed under its au-
thority.
What would be the consequence of the oppo-
site doctrine—I do not mean to say that the
honorable member from Wisconsin goes to that
extent—but what would be the logical result
of the opposite doctrine ? The States,' accord-
ing to that doctrine, are out; as such they have
ceased to exist; they are not to be recognized
by the Constitution at all; they are as absolutely
without the Constitution as States as any of the
unorganized territories of the United States.
If this be so, if this is the effect of what has
happened, how are you to get them in ? The
honorable member goes to the length which I am
about to state, if I correctly apprehended him,
as I certainly endeavored to do. You are, he
contends, to get them in again only by subject-
ing them firsttoaterritorialgovernment. What
does that admit? That they ar-e under no ob-
ligation as citizens of a State to obey the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States, that
they arc under no obligation to take any part
in the election of the Executive, in the election
of Senators, in the election of members of the
House of Representatives. What follows from
this? Does this enforce the Constitution and
laws? Is this (he only manner in which the au-
thority of (!ie (! overnment is to be reinstated ?
The offense of these citizens was a refusal to
participate in the councils of the nation. The
proposition is that that very refusal has put
them in a condition in which they have no right
to participate in such councils, and cannot par-
ticipate unless we hereafter, at any time when in
our judgment we may think proper, give them
that right.
Let us see what is to become in the mean time
of our laws in other respects. How is your
revenue to be collected by any laws now in force ?
If you impose a direct tax, how is that to be
apportioned by any law now in force? The lan-
guage of the Constitution is that direct taxes
are to be apportioned among the States in a
certain proportion. Ha* e y on not done it pend-
ing the insurrection? You passed an act in
1801, from which I am about to read. It. was
passed on the 5th of August, the rebellion hav-
ing commenced in April preceding. I rather
think my friend to whom I am replying voted
for this law. Certainly 1" can find nothing in
the proceedings of the Senate to show that" lie
or any other Senator opposed it; he will cor-
rect. mo if I am wrong. When this law- was
passed, the result of the conflict, in the appre-
hension of some, was exceedingly doubtful;
those of us who were most confident were some-
what apprehensive. All the conduct of the
States or citizens upon which the honorable
member now relies for the purpose of showing
that these States ceased to exist and are now
Territories, they and their citizens, to be gov-
erned accordingly, had then occurred. "V\ hat
is the law passed, I believe, by a unanimous
vote of this body, and, as far as I know, with
like unanimity in the House ? It is entitled ' ■ An
act to provide increased revenue from imports,
to pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes." Its every section bears upon the
question I am discussing, but I have s;ot time
to read the whole. I refer particularly to the
eighth section, which provides:
" ^ difect tax of £20,000,000 be, and i« hereby,
annually laid upon the United States, ami the same
shall be, and is hereby, apportioned to the States,
respectively, m maimer following."
And then it proceeds to state the amount
apportioned to each State, and among these
items are these:
{,To the State of Virginia, nine hundred and thirty-
seven thousand fire hundred and fifty and two third
dollars.
"To the Stale of Xorth Carolina, five hundred and
seventy-six thousand one hundred and ninety-four
and two third dollars.
^ *' To the State of South Carolina, three hundred and
sixty-three thousand live hundred and seventy and
two third dollars.
"To the State of Georgia, five hundred and eighty-
four thousand three hundred and sixty seven and one
third dollars.
To the State of Alabama, five hundred and twenty-
nine thousand three hundred and thirteen and one
third dollars,
" To the State of Mississippi, four hundred and thir-
teen thousand eighty-four and two third dollars.
"To the State oi Louisiana, three hundred and
eighty-five thousand eight hundred and eighty-six
and two third dollars.
"To the State of Tennessee, six hundred and sixty-
nine thousand four hundred and ninety eight dollars.
"To the State of Arkansas, two hundred and sixty-
one thousand eight hundred and eighty-six dollars.
"To the State of Florida, seventy-seven thousand
five hundred and twenty-two and two third dollars.
" To the State of Texas three hundred and fifty-five
thousand one hundred and six and two third dollars/'
Making an aggregate of between five and six
million dollars as the proportions of these Slates
of the $20,000,000 which you proposed to raise
by this law. Look to the Constitution of the
United, States and you find that you had no
authority to make that apportionment oxeept
•upon the theory that these States were then
States of the Union. The honorable member
tells us now that Virginia is out, and that each
of the other named States arc out, and have no
existence. If she and the rest of them do not
exist now they had no existence then ; and on
the other hand, if they were within the Union
then, they are for the same reason within the
NUnion now. After the law passed it was found
somewhat difficult to enforce the collection of
that portionofthe $20,000,000 allotted to States
actually in rebellion, and Congress deemed it
necessary to pass a supplementary act, to which
I al^o invite the attention of the Senate. It is
the act of June 7, 1862, entitled "An act for
the collection of direct taxes in insurrectionary
districts within the United States, and for other
purposes.'5 The first section provides :
"That when in any State or Territory, or in any
portion of any State or Territory, by reason of insur-
rection or rebellion, the civil authority of the Govern-
ment of the United States is obstructed so that the
provisions of the act entitled ' An act to provide in-
creased revenue from imports, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes,' approved Au-
gust f>, IStil, for assessing, levying, and collecting the
direct taxes theiein mentioned, cannot be peaceably
executed, the said direct toxc*. by said act apportioned
among the severs 1 States and Territones, respectively,
shall be apportioned and charged in each iSfate and
Territory, or part thereof, wherein the civil authoi-
ity is thus obstructed, upon all the lands and lots of
giound Mtuate therein, respectively."
It then provides that each tract of land in
those States—not Territories—shall be liable
for its proportion of the tax, and commission-
ers are to be appointed to collect the tax as fast
as our armies make theirpro^ress. .Just as the
insurrection is quelled, whether it be in whole
or in part, in any one State, the operation of
the law commences through the civil means fur-
nishedbythe laws ; and in the interim, to guard
against the contingency that there maybe sales of
the lands, which i"j maybe necessary to the Gov-
mentto dispose of in order to realize the tax. the
law provides that the amount of the tax appor-
tioned by the act of 1*01 shall be considered as a
lien upon all the land in these very States, as
States, which the honorable member from Wis-
consin would have us believe, as no doubt he be-
lieves. are now out of the Union, and not States
at all. Did he not vote for 1 h e act o f 1«S(52 ? I have
no doubt he did. Was thereany member of this
body who called in question the right of Con-
gress to pass that act? Andyetiheaetassumes
—and there is no power to pass it except on the
correctness of that assumption—that they are
still States bound to pay their proportion of the
taxes tor the support of the Government and
to carry on the war, and will be States when
the insurrection is suppressed.
I refer to these two acts, and there are a great
many others that I might cite with the same
view, for the purpose of proving that, in the
view of Congress, and in the view of the honor- j
able member from '\Viseonsin liirm-eif at the ,
time he gave his assent to these two acts, the i
States were in and not out of the Union, were
living and not dead States.^or States that could
die. But this fact is further established by the
very first act that was passed for the purpose
of carrying on the war,the act of July 1S61,
entitled "An act further to provide for the col-
lection of duties on imports, and for oi hor pur-
poses." It provides that where the President
finds it impossible to collect the revenue from
imports in the ports of any of the States in in-
surrection, he may do it elsewhere—in some
locality in the particular State where the insur-
rection does not extend ; or, if the insurrection
is commensurate with the entire State, then he
is to collect it on shipboard, or to close the
ports of such State, and to subject any foreign
vessel attempting to enter such a port, after
notice of its having been closed by the Presi-
dent under authority of the act, to condemna-
tion as prize of war. These provisions are ab-
solutely inconsistent with the idea of the hon-
orable member from "Wisconsin, as I think; but
there is something else in that act that is even
more inconsistent. What view did Congress
take of the character of 1he insurrection at the
time it passed the act of July Jo, 1801? The
language of the fifth section of that act is : *
"That whenever the President, in pursuance of the
provisions of the second section of the act entitled
'An act to provide for calling forth the militia to
exeoutothc laws of the Union, suppress insurrections
and repel invasions, and to repeal the act now in
torco for that purpose.' approved February 28,1795,
shall have callcd forth the militia to suppress com-
binations against the laws of the United States, and
to ca-usethe laws to be duly executed, and the insur-
gents shall have failed to disperse by the time direct-
ed by the President, and when said insurgents claim
to act under the authority of any Stnteor State*, and
such claim is not disclaimed or repudiated bythe per-
sons exorcising the lunctions of go vera muni, in such
State or States, or in the part or partes thereof in which
said combination exists, nor such insurrection sup-
pressed by saidStateorStates,tlien andinsuchca^e''—
That is, the case of an insurrection existing
and not suppressed—
"it may and shall be lawful for the President, by
proclamation, to dcclarc that the inhabitants of Mich
State, or any section or part thereof, where such in-
surrection exists, arc in astate of insurrection against
the United States: and thereupon all commercial in-
tercourse by and between the same and the citizens
thereof and the citizens of the rest of the United
States shall cease and be unlawful."
How long ? Till Congress shall legislate ?
No, Mr. President; but shall cease and be
unlawful.so long as such condition of hostility
shall continue in other words, as long as the
insurrection continues. That ended, the use of
the militia and the use of the Army of the Uni-
ted States to bring about that end is to termi-
nate.
And what said the President of the United
States? Iam not aware that any member of
the Senate questioned the legality of any procla-
mation issued by President Lincoln on this sub-
ject, or questioned either "whether he had not
gone to the whole extent of the power devolved
upon him by the section of the act of 1801
which I have just quoted. And what did he
proclaim ? Plis proclamation of April lo, 3 801,
began thus:
" Whereiis the law« of the United States have been
for some time past and now aic opposed ami the ex-
ecution thereof obstructed m tlio State? of South Caro-
lina, Georgia, Alabama, Florida, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, and Texas, by combinations too powerful to be
suppressed by the ordinary course of judicial moeeed-
ings, or by the poweis vested in the marshals by law."
In his proclamation of April 19, 1801, lie
recites:
"Whereas an insurrection against the Government
of the United States h;is broken out in the States of
South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Kiorida, Missis-
sippi, Louisiana, and Texas and thejawsoi the Uni-
ted States for thocollection of the revenue cannot be
effectually excculed therein conformable to that pro-
vision of the Constitution which requires duties to bo
unilorm throughout the United States: and whereas
a combination of persons, engaged in such insurrec-
tion, have threatened to grant pretended letters of
marque to authorize the hearers thereof to commit
assaults on the lues vessels, and pioperty of good
citizens of the country lawfully engaged m ^ommercc
o^the high «*eas, and in waters of the United States;
and whereas an executive proclamation has been
ah early issued, requiring the poi <ons < n^a-icd 1 u thcio
disorderlvproceedingsto desist therein.m, ouljin? o t^
a militia force for the purpose of repressing the same,
nr..] conv ening Congress in exh jOAliuatj tc.-sion U">
deliberate and determine thoteon:
"Now, therefore, I, Abraham Lincoln, President of
