3174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
States enough to make southern contempt for
it effectual 1 It will hardly prove an annoy-
ance. The States will still retain control and
govern in their own way that portion' of their
population without leave asked of the United
. States.
Mr. Speaker, all the efforts made here or
elsewhere to elevate the negro to an equality
with the white man in the southern States>
either _ civilly, socially, or politically, are per-
fectly idle. The negro must be kept in subor-
dination lo the white man, no matter how elo-
quently you may deck off the theory of equal-
ity. In my opinion there is, as it were, a
declaration of war between these races. It is
true active hostilities are suspended and the
negro is under parole to keep the peace, but
"when and where they approximate to anything
like equality in numbers the sword of power
must be held over them. There are too many
dear and cherished feelings and interests of the
white race involved to relax that power for a
single day. The negro must know it exists,
and, if neccssary, he must feel it. I say this
with the kindest, feelings and sympathy for the
negro race. Full equality of rights will never
exist between races so dissimilar that they can-
not socially amalgamate, especially when they
live together in large numbers. When amalga-
mation takes place, when marriage can bo con-
summated between then), when the white
woman shall bring forth negro offspring with-
out a blush, and the white grandsire shall
affectionately pat his nappy-headed grandson-,
then equality may bo said to exist between the
races. You may then with safety grant equal
rights of all kinds, and possibly prepare for
the millennium. Why, then, interpose such
obstacles to a reunion ?
But these are not all the difficulties inter-
posed ; some favor an almost indefinite post-
ponement, urging with zeal that the South is
too ignorant, too uncivilized, to bo trusted with
any share in this republican Government.
Northern education and civilization must and
should lie more extensively spread among them
before their admission to representation will
cease to be dangerous. The honorable mem-
mcr from Minnesota [Mr. Doxxki.i.y] takes
the lead in that position. In a speech deliv-
ered some time since, he declares—■
" The groat bulk of the people of tlie South are
rude, i II i torn to, semi-eivili'/.od. Their condition in
this respect would bo shumoful to any semi-civilized
people, and is such ns to vendor a republican Gov-
ernment, restina; on tho intelligent judgment of tlio
people, an impossibility."
And again he says, in the same speech:
"Ah victors in (he ini^lily sinuate whirdl luis hut
Inlelvtei'inmaled, itnd as tlio superiors of the .South
in enlightenment and Christianity, wo ean afford to
be niaimiimmous lo the highest degree compatible
with public safety."
Mr. Speaker, in a little book which we slave-
holders often read, it is written, "and he spake
this parable unto certain which trusted in
themselves that they were righteous, and de-
spised others.". We all know what that, par-
able was, except, possibly, tho gentleman
from Minnesota. Sometimes it has been com-
plained that the ignorant South has had the
control for over sixty years, during which
period, however, the country has vastly in-
creased in those things which bring prosperity
to a country. The chief drawback upon its hap-
piness has sprung from that section in which
learning is said to be so generally diffused.
These are singular facts, and yet they do not
convince me that the general diffusion of learn-
ing is an evil. It depends very much upon
the soil upon which the seed is sown whether
it will bring forth good or bad fruit; it is cer-
tain to bring forth some fruit. The noble
barons of Knnnymedc could neither read nor
write, but they ordered Magna Charta to be
written for them, and to it stamped their
mark, and, like the so-called ignorant south-
erners, were willing to make a deeper mark in
support of its principles. Our forefathers of
the Revolution, who receive and are worthy of [
our admiration and gratitude, as a mass were j
vastly loss learned than their present descend- ;
ants. Education was attainable by compara- !
tively few. It is a wonder their ignorance did
not make a republican Government, to use the
words of the honorable member, "an impossi-
bility." They scented English tyranny quickly
and afar off. It did not take much learning
to teach them that taxation without represen-
tation made them, slaves. They quickly saw
that if Englahd could tax grandmamma's tea,
she might afterward tax granddaddy's land, and
s*> they thought it was advisable to begin their
resistance on the tea question. ''Instinct is
a great matter." The great principles of lib-
erty ean be understood by the most illiterate
as well as by the niost learned. They may not
be able to write them out or make eloquent
addresses about them, but they can readily un-
derstand them when read, and feel eloquence
when it flashes for them. It fakes wonderful
power and ingenuity to mislead an independ-
ent though unlearned people in this respect.
Sir, it is notorious that nearly all the uprisings
for liberty in the Caucasian race have sprung
from the illiterate and unlearned, headed by a
few noble spirits who were more fortunate in
that respect than themselves. They have been
always ready when the proper leader appeared,
whereas on the other side the general rule is
that learning has sided with clcspotism.
Tho gentleman, to carry his specialty, for to
give the South a northern education seems to
lie a specialty with him, in a speech delivered
a few days back on this subject, speaks thus:
"Is it not a shamo that this nation, which rests
solely and alone upon the intolligcnco of tho citizen,
and without which it could not exist for an hour,
should thus far htivo done literally nothing either to
rccognizo or cnforco education? France, Prussia.,
Austria, and Russia have made education an affair
of state, and have esteemed it of tho highest conse-
quence. iji Prussia the Ministor of Public Instruc-
tion ranks next to tho King."
And yet., Mr. Speaker, the Governments the
'gentleman has enumerated, and over which he
says education is so widely diffused, are the
most despotic in Europe. I cxpcct the Minis-
ters of" Public Instruction have them educated
in the principles of despotism, as the North no
doubt, among other things, would specially
instruct the southern people in tho profound
mysteries of her numerous isms. But let us
criticise s«niewliat further this Phariseeism,
this claimed and boasted superiority of the
Nortli over the South in "enlightenment and
Christianity." Education is certainly widely
diffused over the North. Her people are greatly
enlightened, but they set a great many false
lights. Whence sprung all the isms, even in
tliis nineteenth century, and within the age of
this great reformer from Minnesota? I think
the enlightened and Christian North is entitled
to credit for them all. Mormonism, Millerism,
spiritualism. fVee-loveixm, and worst of all (if
it should spread beyond Massachusetts) strong-
minded-wonianisni, have sprung and spread
over that highly eivili/.ed and Christian region.
The poor, ignorant, uneducated South was in-
capable of producing such evidences of advance-
ment and progress. But let us continue the
contrast a little further.
Booth the assassin was not caught but
bravely shot by a company of soldiers. He
was brought to this city dead, in order that
the reward for his arrest might be secured by
proving his identity. After'that, his entrails
were torn out and thrown to the hogs, his
head adorns some phrenological museum, his
heart, is preserved in spirits, his spinal column
can be seen, which will display to the learned
how much lie must have suffered by the near
approach of tho bullet, to the spinal marrow;
the balance of his remains were deposited,
God and our northern Secretary of War only*
know where. We know they were not handed
over to his poor heart-broken mother so that
she might exclaim over his grave in a burst of
agony, " Would to God 1 had died for thee,
0 Absalom, my son, my son !"
Mary Surratt was convicted, of course. She
was tried by a court-martial. Her immediate
execution was ordered. She entreated for four
days to enable her to overcome tho shock and
the better to prepare her soul to aiect her God.
"Not an hour." thundered forth the \ oiee from
the War Department; " on with the gallows, the
coffin, and the grave; the angels of heaven
shall not rejoice over this repentant sinner."
Agents of mercy sought the ear of higher au-
thority, and probably a more merciful heart,
but Preston King was janitor that day and they
were excluded. Where is Preston King? Echo
answers—where? She wag thus executed
speedily and notwithstanding application had
been made in behalf of her heart-broken daugh-
ter for her remains, so that she might pour
forth her sorrows, mingled with the gratitude
and love which a daughter feels for a beloved
mother, over her grave, those remains are
still in the keeping of theAVar Department.
Pontius Pilate delivered the body of Jesus to
Joseph of Arimathea, but a worse than Pontius
Pilate is here.
Is this a specimen of northern civilization
and Christianity? These things were done by
northern men without any denunciation by the
greatnorthern, enlightened,civilized, and Chris-
tian Republican party. 'Notoneword have I read
or heard from your Phillipses, your Beechers,
your Cheevers, your Greeleys, or your strong-
minded Massachusetts women, in rebuke of
these most demoralizing acts, and as they
touch upon everything which they' think vi-
cious, they probably do not disapprove of these
transactions as coming in tho way of Christian
advancement and progress.
I.oI; us look now at a southern picture.
John Brown was arrested for a crime kindred
' to that of Booth. He was in the most formal
manner tried, being allowed every facility for
defense, no special test oath being urged to
prevent the services of any advocate. He
was legally and justly convicted to be hung.
Between his conviction and execution ample
time was given him for the settlement of his
worldly affairs and for the preparation of .his
soul for eternity. After execution his remains
were placed in a decent cofBn and then handed
over to his friends that they might observe
such obsequies as they might think becoming.
This took place among that " rude, illiterate,
semi-civilized" people called Virginians, who
had for their Governor at the time even Henry
A. Wise. Look upon this picture and then on,
that. The North is very learned, but I do not
think sho has any Christianity or civilization
to spare. What she has she had better retain
for homo consumption, and, as I hope, for im-
provement.. She is more learned than the
'South, but which is the best educated?
I have thrown out these observations in the
hope that I may induce the gentleman from
Minnesota, and others who think like him, to
withdraw his objection to a reunion based upon
the uneducated condition of the southern peo-
ple. But, sir, denunciation and revenge must,
as was expected, have their fling against an
honorable reunion. The resentment of the
civilized and Christian North it is attempted
to rouse against the unfortunate men of the
South by epithets unbecoming tho learned man
or the patriot. They are denominated " mur-
deiers," "red-handed rebels," "conscioustrai-
tors. '' Those who use these epithets must see,
if' they will reflect, that they arc not true. They
must know that Jefferson Davis, Robert E.
Lee, Stonewall Jackson, and the thousand
others who engaged in the late contest, never
could be answerable for the charge of murder
and conscious treason. Stonewall Jackson
rests in his grave, and your own eloquent
Beoclier has illustrated his character and res-
cued it from such an imputation. Time will
defend the character of Davis and Lee. That
their acts imposed upon tliein no conscious-
ness of crimo I have no doubt. The parting
words of Jefferson Davis, in the presence of
the Senate, breathe the strongest conviction
of rectitude and a desire for peace, and to
avoid bloodshed. I will read a short portion
of them:
"I find "in myself, perhaps, a type of the genera]
feeling of my constituents toward yours. I am sure
I fool no hostility to you, Senators from the North-
I am sure there is not one of you, whatever sharp
discussion there may have been between us, to whom
1 cannot now say, in thepresenccofmyGod, I wish you
