1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2215
upon, on the same principle, to aid in the con-
struction of a southern Pacific railroad, soas
to liave three roads? And with what consist-
ency could we refuse to build that road if we
build this? The same argument would apply.
We have already committed ourselves to the
Central Pacific railroad by the stupendous grant
of lands; as well as by assuming a liability of
$95,000,000. We had better get through with
that project before assuming any newliabilit.ies.
Mr. Speaker, there is an additional sugges-
tion. The Committee of Ways and Means,
after working carefully, judiciously, and faith-
fully, during the whole session, have brought
in a bill to reduce the taxes of the country ;
and, sir, the reduction which will be accom-
plished by that measure is just about equiva-
lent to the sum we propose to vote away in this
bill.
If this bill is to pass, the bill for reducing
the taxes ought not to pass, if we expect to
pay our obligations and keep np the national
credit." Let my friend from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] move to strike out the enacting
clause of his bill, and let the burdens upon
the people still go unrelieved in order that
this mammoth corporation shall make the
Government liable for the vast sum provided
in this bill. But I will detain the House no
longer, but yield the floor.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
union pacific railroad company.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States, which, with
the accompanying documents, was referred to
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and
ordered to bo printed:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., April 24, 18G0.
To the Senate and House of liepresentatives :
I submit herewith, for the consideration of
Congress, the accompanying communication
from the Secretary of the Interior in relation
to the Union Pacific Railroad Company, east-
ern division.
It appears that the company were required
to complete one hundred miles of their road
within three years after their acceptance of the
conditions of the original act of Congress.
This period expired December 22,1865. Sixty-
two miles had been previously accepted by
the Government. Since that date an addi-
tional section of twenty-three miles has been
completed. Commissioners appointed for that,
purpose have examined and reported upon it,
and an application has been made for its ac-
ceptance.
The failure to complete one hundred miles
of road within the period prescribed renders
it questionable whether the executive officers
of the Government are authorized to issue the
bonds and patents to which the company would
be entitled if this as well as the other require-
ments of the act had been faithfully observed.
This failure may, to some extent, be ascribed
to the financial condition of the country inci-
dent to the recent civil war. As the company
appear to be engaged in the energetic prosecu-
tion of their work, and manifest a disposition
to comply with the conditions of the grant, I
recommend that the time for the completion
of this part of the road be extended, and that
authority be given for the issue of bonds and
patents on account of the section now offered
for acceptance, notwithstanding such failure,
should the company in other respects be there-
unto entitled.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
northern pacific railroad again.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, oflllinois. I promised
to yield a portion of my time to the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Weight.]
Mr. STEVENS. I think we can arrange
the difficulty. Although I intend to go on this
evening, the speech of the gentleman from
Illinois was filled so full of "chimeras, gor-
gons, and hydras dire," that my nerves have
been shocked, and I do not, care to speak to-
night. [Laughter.]
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
hope we will adjourn.
internal revenue bill.
Mr. LATHAM, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Printing, reported a resolu-
tion that there be printed in pamphlet form, for
the use of the members of the House, ten thou-
sand extra copies of the bill to amend the in-
ternal revenue laws, reported by the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means, April
25, 1866; which was read, considered, and
agreed to.
immigration.
Mr. WASHI3URNE,of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
the Committee on Commerce have considered
and are ready to report a bill in relation.to im-
migration, which has somepro\isions in regard
to over-crowding passenger ships, and also in
connection with the cholera. I ask unanimous
consent that it shall be considered to-morrow
after the pending subject has been disposed of.
There was 110 objection, and it was so ordered.
equalization ok soldiers' bounty.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, by unanimous consent,
presented the memorial of the Legislature of
Wisconsin, for the equalization of soldiers'
bounty; which was ordered to be printed, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
new mail route.
Mr. ELDRIDGE also presented a memo-
rial for a mail route from Trempealeau to
Sumner, in Trempealeau county; which was
ordered to be printed, and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
wisconsin sh1p-caxal.
Mr. ELDRTDGE also presented a memo-
rial in relation to a ship-canal through the
State of Wisconsin connecting the Mississippi
river with the waters of Lake Michigan : and a
memorial for the improvement of the harbor at
Superior City, Wisconsin; which wore ordered
to be printed, and referred to the Committee
on Commerce.
senator doolittle.
Mr. ELDRIDGE also presented joint reso-
lutions of the Legislature of Wisconsin, declar-
ing it to bo the duty of Senator Doolitti.e to
resign the otliec of United States Senator;
which were ordered to be printed, and referred
to the selcct joint committee on reconstruction.
expenses oi' revenue collection.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS. Senate joint
resolution No. 75, making appropriations for
expenses of the collection of revenues from
customs, was taken from the Speaker's table,
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Appropriations.
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM, (at
five, minutes to five o'clock p. in.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions Ac., were presented under
therulo and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. liOUTWELL- The petition of li.R Curtis,
and others, citizens of Boston, Mas.-aehusetts,in ref-
erence to the reorganization ot Uie courts of the
United State?.
rBy Mr. CUUL0M: A petition signed by Bolivar
Knickerbocker, surgeon in charge of the United
States general hospitalat Camp Butter, accompanied
by a claim for damages sustained by him in the
destruction of the hospital by fire.
By Mr. D AAVKS: The petition of "William 0. Bell,
and' other.-, physicians of Hampden county, Massa-
chusetts, atking for the exemption of certain inedi-
cincs from taxation.
By Air. DELANO: The memorial of Benjamin
Rlakeney, Samuel N. Jackson, It. A. Greer. and R.
I\ Catlm, of Cincinnati, proving Congress to grant the
public land lying within fifteen miles on either side
of the line of the Des Arc, Dardanclic, and Fort
Smith railroad, for the construction of said road, in
the State of Arkansas.
By Mr. HARDIN (i, of Illinois: The petition of
citizens of Pi.mie City. Illinois._ for legislation to
regulate insurance in the United States.
By Mr. H0LBR00K: The petition of 200 citizens
of northern Idaho, praying tor a division of said Ter-
ritory, and tho formation of another Territory in
accordance with the memorial passed by the Terri-
torial Legislature.
By Mr. nUBBARD, of West Virginia: The peti-
tion of Charles 1. Miehaelson, asking payment for
eommi'-sary supplies taken and used by tho United
States Army.
3iv Mr. KETCIIAM; The petition of inhabitants
of Dutchess county, New York, for increased tariff
on foreign wool.
By Mr. LAFLIN; The petition of Hon. James A.
Bell, and others, of Jefferson county, New York, for
tlie transfer of tho schooner Mary from a Canadian
to an American bottom.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of Stephen Hat-
maker, Esq., of Milo Center, New York, and others,
asking for an increased duty on foreign wool.
By Mr. NIBLACK: The petition of sundry phy-
sicians and druggists of New Albany, Indiana, pray-
ing that certain medicines may be admitted free of
duty.
By Mr. T'R.0WBRT1)GE: Tho petition of A. B.
Cudworth, D. A. Button, and 90 others, citizens of
Oakland county, Michigan, asking for such action by
Congress as shall consolidate the various land grants
for railroad purposes to said State and securo the
construction of one road from Saginaw to some point
on tho northwestern boundary of said State.
By Mr. WARD: Tho petition of James L. Waads
and others, prominent members of tho bar of Che-
mung county, New York, against the 1'oderat judi-
ciary law.
IN SENATE.
Fuiday, April 27, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. W. B. Gillette, of Cum-
berland. New Jersey.
The Journal of j'esterday waa read and
approved.
enrolled bill signed.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore signed the
enrolled joint resolution (II. R. No. 67) pro-
viding for the rcappraisement of the lands
described in an act for the relief of William
Sawyer and others, of Ohio.
iiocse bills referred.
The following bills from the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 434) for the relief of Isa-
bella Strobing—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (II. R. No. 473) to extend the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims—to tho Commit-
tee on the Judiciaiy.
A bill (II. R. No. 475) to facilitate the set-
tlement of the accounts of paymasters of the
Army—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
international ocean telegraph.
The Senate proceeded to consider tlie amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 20) to encourage telegraphic com-
munication between the United States and the
island of Cuba and other West India islands,
and the Bahamas.
The first amendment was in section two, line
three, to strike out the words "during a state
of war;" so as to make the section read;
That the said International Ocean Telegraph Com-
pany shall at all times give the UnitedStatcsthefreo
use of said cable or cables, through a telegraphic
operator of its own selection, to transmit any mes-
sages to and from its military, naval, and diplomatio
or consular agent?.
The next amendment was after the word
"agents,1' in the same section, to insert these
words :
And the said company shall keep all its lines open
to the public for I ho transmission, for daily publica-
tion, of market and commercial reports and intelli-
gence; and all messages, dispatches, and communi-
cations shall be forwarded in tbeorder in which they
shall be received ; and tho said company shall not bo
permitted to charge and collect for messages trans-
mitted through any of it< submarine cables moro
than the rate of S3 oOfur me-sages of ten words.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendments of the House of
liepresentatives.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senate will not
take sudden action on this question, nor at any
time concur in the amendment with reference
to the rate of charge. The charge here pro-
'posed to bo allowed for telegraphing during
the peiiod of years this exclusive privilege is
to last is far greater in proportion to the dis-
tance than any made anywhere in the United
States. The charges now made for telegraph-
ing across the continent to tlie Pacific coast
from this city amount to about seven dollars
and eighty cents, or thereabouts.
