1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that the men who now taunt us with a proposi-
tion to amend the Constitution voted to place
these inhuman and unchristian amendments
in the Constitution of this country ? Sir, the
propositions embodied in that Crittenden com-
promise were the wickedest measures lhat were
ever presented to a nation since the morning
of creation.
Sir, we have passed through this war. It
has tested alike the weakness and the strength
of our institutions. By the framers of the Con-
stitution, persons held in bondage numbered
three fifths in the basis of representation. Tha-t
concession to slavery gave the slaveholding
States undue power and influence in Congress,
and was ever a just cause of complaint. By
emancipation these persons formerly accounted
as slaves are free, thus giving additional Repre-
sentatives to the late slaveholding States. By
the Constitution as it is, four and a half million
slaves recently emancipated are added to the'
free population of the country, adding thirteen
Representatives to the emancipating States.
By the Constitution as it is, the States are
clothed -n$th power to prescribe the qualifica-
tions of electors. The emancipated slaves that
would give to the slaveholding States some
thirty Representatives in Congress are wholly
denied the right of suffrage. By adding to the
basis of representation these freedmen, the
power of those who deny their rights in the
government of the country would be strength-
ened. By the Constitution, as it is, one rebel
in South Carolina or Mississippi is equal in
power in the House of Representatives and the
Electoral College to two loyal meninNewEng-
land, the great central States, or the States of
the West. Such inequality is unjust and wholly
indefensible.
When the Constitution of the United States
was framed the States controlled this subject
of suffrage. We have had quoted to us the
opinions of the eminent statesmen of other
days. Sir, whatever may have been their ut-
terances, the statesmen of that period were the
men who made the State constitutions, and
under those State constitutions it is a question
whether one half of the men who fought the
battles of the American Revolution could vote
or not. In the State of Massachusetts, to be
a voter under the constitution of the State at
the time the Constitution of the United States
was framed'the voter must be in possession of
$309 worth of property. I have no hesitation
in saying that when the Constitution was framed
fifty per cent, of the men of Massachusetts who
had fought in the ranks during the Revolution
did not possess the $300, and could not vote
in that State. In Connecticut $200 worth of
property was required. In Rhode Island there
was a property qualification, and it continued
until the Dorr rebellion. In New York there
was a property qualification, a freeholder or
an annual rent of forty shillings ; in New Jer-
sey $250; in Indiana fifty acres of land were
required; in Virginia a freeholder; in N orth
Carolina fifty acres of land; and in South
Carolina fifty acres .of land.
Do Senators believe that in these States the
men who fought the battles of the country
during the revolutionary war could vote under
those constitutions? If you will look at the
number of votes cast in those States at that
time you will see that not one fourth, of the
men who would be entitled to vote, if all per-
sons overtwenty-oneyears of age were allowed
to vote, did vote. The men who framed the
Constitution of-the United States made these
State constitutions.^ They called them repub-
lican in form, and inserted a provision in the
Constitution of the United States guarantying
that they should continue to be republican in
form. They also provided in the Constitution
that the electors under it should be the electors
of the most numerous branch of the State Le-
gislatures, and they well knew what those qual-
ifications were. Every State constitution pro-
vides for electors, prescribes the qualifications
for suffrage. The laws of the States provide for
qualifications of electors. Every State, from
the adoption of the State constitutions to this
hour, has claimed the authority; and exercised
it, to settle the questions pertaining to suffrage.
They never supposed that the Federal Govern-
ment had the power to change it. They never
gave that power; they never intended to give
that power; and I do not believe that a re-
spectable vote could be obtained in the States
to give the Federal Government this power.
Mr. YATES. I desire to propound a ques-
tion or two to the Senator, not with any view
of embarrassing him, but for my own informa-
tion. I should like to ask the Senator whether
every man made free by the first clause of the
constitutional amendment is not as free and
entitled to the same civil and political rights
and privileges as the Senator or myself. In
other words, I ask whether he is not one of
the people of the United States, one of the citi-
zens of the United States, and entitled to the
same rights and privileges as the Senator or
myself or any other one of the people of the
United States, by force of the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery and emancipat-
ing that people, as I contend, into the sover-
eignty, into the body-politic of the United
States?
That proposition being true, as I think he
will admit and cannot deny, according to the
stand-point from which he and I see things, I
will not ask him whether under the Constitu-
tion as it noA' exists the States have jurisdic-
tion over the question of citizenship in the
States, but I will ask him whether, when we
come to make an organic alteration in the Con-
stitution of the United States, and when we
have in view the securing of the rights of all
the citizens of the United States without regard
. to race or color—those words, I believe, accord-
ing to the opinion of the Senator from Maryland,
have no longer any meaning under the Consti-
tution of the United States—we propose to
place it in the power of any State in this Union,
a rebellious State or any other State, to dis-
franchise any portion of the American people ?
And further, 1 will ask if it is to be submitted to
the people of the rebellious States to decide
whether the freedmen are to have these rights
or not?
Does the Senator from Massachusetts or the
Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fessendex,] whose
opinions are so respected in my own State, or
any other Senator pretend to say that- under
this constitutional amendment the question of
representation will be decided by the citizens of
these rebellious States, by which I mean not
only white citizens, but all citizens, the people
who are as free and have the same rights that
you and Ihave to-day? The question is, whether
you will permit in a new organic change of the
Constitution a portion of the people of th e south-
ern States, and rebels and traitors at that, to
say who shall be represented by those States
upon the Senate floor?
Those are the questions that I desire to pro-
pound. I do not put them with any view of
embarrassing the Senator, but for my own in-
formation ; for I will say to the Senator that I
have not yet decided whether I shall support
this amendment or not. I confess these ques-
tions have disturbed me to some extent, and I
should like to have them answered.
Mr. WILSON'. I can assure the Senator
from Illinois that his questions, which he says
were not put to embarrass me, but for infor-
mation, will certainly not embarrass me, and I
shall endeavor, if I can, to answer them fairly
and squarely. The constitutional amendment
that was proposed by the Senator from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Hexdersox,] and reported by the
SenatorfromIllinois, [Mr. Trumbull,]adopted
>by Congress and ratified by the people, was
j'never understood by any man in the Senate or
''House of Representatives, by any portion of
Ithe public press, or by any Senator or Repre-
sentative in any State, to confer upon Congress
jithe right to prescribe or regulate the suffrage
tin any State of this Union. If it had'been sup-
fposed that it gave that power the amendment
I would never have passed Congress, never have
received the sanction of the States. I will
state what power it gave Congress beyond all
doubt or question. It clothes Congress with
ample powers to protect tho civil, rights and
immunities of every emancipated slave in the
country. That emancipated slave_ is as free as
lam; the child emancipated in its cradle to-
day is as free and as much a citizen' of the
United States as the Senator from Illinois or,-,
myself. But, sir, citizenship never did -carryl
in this country and does not carry in itself- the!
right of suffrage or the right to hold office. - A?
•man may be a citizen and not have the right
of suffrage. There are men in Massachusetts,
in all the States, who are citizens and who have
not the right of suffrage.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him another question?
Mr. WILSON. Certainly.
Mr. YATES. Was it understood at the-time
of the passage of .the amendment to the Con-
stitution that it would confer civil rights?
Mr. WILSON. I suppose so. 1 have no
doubt of it; none whatever. When that amend-
ment was added to the Constitution it gave
Congress ample power to make these men free,
as free as the non-voting white population of .
those States, as the women or children, or gjich
persons as were not allowed the privilege of i
suffrage. The Massachusetts bill of rights de-
clares that "each individual in society has a
right to be protected by it in the enjoyment of
his life, liberty, and property." Mr. Webster,
says that "the right of being protected in life, \
liberty, and estate is due to all, and cannot be I
justly denied to any, whatever be their age,!
property, or residence in the State." This
sacred right to be fully protected in life, lib-'
erty, and estate is due to the freedmen, and
I belive Congress is clothed with ampleauthor-
ity to secure the emancipated slaves in their
civil rights and immunities. But I did not
understand then, and 1 do not believe now,
that it gives Congress the power to clothe these
men with suffrage or to confer office upon them.
Participation in the Government is one thing;
the right to be protected in life, liberty, and
estate is another thing. Every human being
in the country, black or white, man or woman-,
or little child in the cradle, has a right to be
protected in life, in property, and in liberty;
that is, civil liberty. The right to hold an
office, the right to vote, the right to take part
in the governing power of the country is "a
thing that has been regulated by the State in
every State in the Union from the beginning
of the Government. It is a thing that may be •
modified and changed bylaw. No State has
a right to pass a law denying security to life,
liberty, or property. In the words of Daniel
Webster, the State that does not give protec-
tion to the life, liberty, and property, of all men
violates its duty, because every person has this
due him for his allegiance to the Government
and his contribution to the support of the
country.
Mr. YATES. I do not deny the power of
the States to regulate suffrage, to make rules
and regulations, and to decide upon the quali-
fications of those who are electors. It is the
duty of the State to preserve and regulate the
right, but it cannot destroy the right. I ask
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts now,
if he believes in the power of the State of Mas-
sachusetts or the State of South Carolina, not
simply to regulate the right of suffrage, but to
deprive a citizen of the right to vote altogether?
Can you disfranchise an American citizen ? -
Mr. WILSON. Well, Mr. President,^! an-
swer by saying that, right or wrong, the States
do not always enfranchise American citizens.
Massachusetts denies suffrage to citizens unless
they can read and write.
Mr. YATES. That is not the question. The
question is whether she can do it rightfully.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator may say that
it is not a thing that' ought to be done. I agree
to that; and I voted against the amendment m
my State requiring reading and writing for that
reason. I do Hot fear universal suffrage. 1
believe it to be safe in our country.
Mr. YATES. I ask the Senator whether
this constitutional amendment will not permit
