1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
the United States, with a view to the same purposes
before mentioned, and to the protection of the public
peace, and the; lives and property of Quiet and orderly
citizens pursuing their lawful occupations, until Con-
gress shall have assembled and deliberated 011 the
said unlawful proceedings, or until the same shall have
ceased, have further deemed it advisable to set on
foot a blockade of the ports within the States afore-
said, in pursuance of the laws of the United States
and of the law of nations in such case provided."
In the proclamation of April 27, 1861, he
announces that, by the previous proclamation
of the 19th, a blockade of the ports of certain
States was ordered to be established, and adds:
"And whereas since that date" public property of
the United States has been seized, the collection of
the revenue obstructed, and duly commissioned offi-
cers of the United States while engaged in executing
tho orders of their superiors have been arrested and
held in custody as prisoners, or have been impeded
in the discharge of their official duties without due
legal process by persons claiming to act under author-
ities of the States of Virgin) a and North Carolina:
"An efficient blockade of the ports of those States
will also be established."
In the proclamation of August 12, 1861, ho
states that a joint committee of both Houses of
Congress had requested him to recommend a
day of public humiliation, fasting, and prayer,
and he proceeds to do so, and to state the ob-
jectsforwhich prayer should be offered, namely*
"for the reestablishmcnt of law, order, ana
peace throughout the whole extent of our coun-
try."
You authorize him to invoke, and he invokes
the merciful interference of Heaven to make us
again what we were before—States united under
one form of Government, with the same powers
adequate to make us a nation prosperous and
powerful. You tell him to go to Heaven's
throne and implore Heaven's interposition to
restore us to tho condition in which we were
before the rebelliou, to pray that " our arms
may, be blessed and made effectual for the re-
establishment of law, order, and peace through-
out the wide extent of our country." No in-
vocation to bless only a part of our land and
leave the other out of His benediction.
You tell him to issue a proclamation invok-
ing the blessings of God upon the entire coun-
try, not for the purpose merely of bringing about
individual happiness, but for the purpose of
bringing about what existed before under the
Constitution of the United States—peace and
order, a recognition of the authority of the G ov-
ernment and of the authority of the laws. Yet,
according to the theory of the honorable mem-
ber from Wisconsin, at that very time the work
had been accomplished which the proclamation
sought to prevent. The proclamation, pursuing
your own authority, prays God to make our
arms successful to the end of restoring peace
and order everywhere in all the States. The
honorable member's theory is that there was a
large portion of the country, territorially in-
cluding what were eleven States before, which
cannot be restored by any blessings on the arms
of the United States. Whether they were ever
to have the benefit of the Constitution, or when
they were to have it, or to what extent they were
to have it, according to his theory, is to depend
upon the discretion of Congress.
Again, what has the Government done with
your knowledge? Have they not, just as we
have succeeded in getting the authority of the
United States reinstated in the ports of the Uni-
ted States, or territorially within the States, ex-
tended tho revenue laws? l)o you not collect
duties in New Orleans, in Charleston, in Sa-
vannah, in Texas? How do you do this? Under
what authority? Under the authority of ante-
cedent laws, which give it only in relation to the
ports of States; and yet, according to the hon-
orable member's doctrine, all those ports were
notports ofStates of this Union at the time when
the Executive, with the knowledge of Congress
and his individual knowledge, undertook to col-
lect duties and to enforce the execution of the
impost acts and acts for the collection of in-
ternal revenue. What was the subject of the
debate this morning? The honorable member
from Massachusetts, who, I believe, was the
first to broach in the Senate the doctrine that
the States were extinct—a doctrine not then re-
ceived, as I remember, with unanimous appro-
bation by this body as far as any opinion was
expressed ou the subject—that honorable gen-
tleman himself, this morning, finding fault as
he thought was his duty, with the manner in
which the Secretary of the Treasury was dis-
charging his duty of collecting the revenue in the
States in which the insurrection did prevail,
found no fault with his attempt to collect the
revenue. 'It was only as to the manner of col-
lecting ; it was his failure to administer the oath
to the assessors whom he has appointed for that
purpose. He recognizes, therefore, the duty of
the Secretary to collect revenue in South Caro-
lina and in Louisiana? Why? Under what laws?
Laws passed byyou extending the revenue sys-
tem to the Territories of the United States, or
laws having no force whateverin that particular,
except upon the theory that the States, notwith-
standing the insurrection, remained and were
States of the Union? You are selling lands
there now on that theory; I suppose I am
guilty of no want of propriety in saying that
that subject has been in'part before the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. General Sherman, by
an order passed after he reached Georgia and
South Carolina, set apart a large portion of the
territory of those two States for the frecdmen.
By tho order, the most valuable portion of South
Carolina was embraced—that portion in which
tho Sea Island cotton is made. There are no
such lands there now to be acted on by that
order. Why? Because you have sold them to
meet South Carolina's proportion of the direct
tax; you have sold them to meet the propor-
tion due by the individual citizens of that State
to whom they belonged. "Where did you get
that authority ? Under the antecedent law; and
that law was passed on the theory that the States
were still in and could not be got out; and that
law is now being executed upon the theory that
they are in, that each State, as well as every
individual member of eai'h State, is just as re-
sponsible to pay the tax which the Government
may from time to time impose, as ho or it was
before the insurrection commenced.
But that is not all. The Senate, and I sup-
pose my friend from Wisconsin acted with the
rest of the Senate in that respect, has confirmed
nominations of judges and district attorneys
and marshals for these very States.
Mr. FESSENDEN. For certain '-districts."
Mr. JOHNSON. Districts of the States.
They are all out according to the theory.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But the districts may
exist.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know; but then I sup-
pose if you appoint district judges in all the
districts which may be within a State it is the
same as appointing them for the State itself.
Still, you extend tho judiciary system of the
Unite'd States to these States in part or in
whole; that my friend from Maine will of course
admit. Under what authority? Under the
authority of your antecedent legislation. The
Constitution of the United States creates no
courts, no marshals, no disliict attorneys: that
is done by legislation; and you legislated upon
the subject of constituting courts and bringing
into existence the particular officers and mak-
ing it the duty of tho Executive to appoint
whenever a vacancy from any cause should
exist. "What right has a district judge in South
Carolina—I believe there is but one district
in that State—to hold his oflicc? "What au-
thority had you to confer it? 1 f South Carolina
was a Territory, then, as tho Supreme Court
have decided in the case of Canter vs. The
American Insurance Company, the judicial sys-
tem of the United States did not extend to it.
The territorial judges may be appointed for a
time. The judicial tenure which the framers
of the Constitution were so anxious to make
permanent, so as to make the incumbents inde-
pendent of legislative or executive control or
influence, is not considered as applying to courts
that may be created by Congress within the
Territories, and the judges of those courts may
therefore, it is said, be dismissed at any time.
1 Such has, iu fact, been the practice of the G-ov-
j ernmcnt. They may be appointed for a term
! of vears, and dismissed as any other civil officer
of the Government by the Executive. Does
my honorable friend from Wisconsin, suppose
that the judges in those insurrectionary States
can be dismissed ? Will he for a moment main-
tain that their tenure is not an jmdepend.ent
one, that they do not hold office during good-
behavior? 1 presume not; and if not, whjrnot?
Because they constitute a part of the judiciary
of the United States as created by the Consti-
tution, and are no such part of the judicial sys-
tem of the United States in those States except
upon the theory that those States are now States
of the Union.
Further, you have done more than this. You
passed an act some two or three years ago cre-
ating an additional judicial circuit, making Or-
egon and California the tenth circuit of theUni-
ted States. The act of 1802 (I have not time
to turn to it) makes it the duty of the judges
of the Supreme Court whenever any chief jus-
tice shall thereafter be appointed or any associ-
ate justice, to make an allotment of circuits.
What has been done (and you are presumed to
have known what was done) by the members of
tho Supreme Court, and who, too, it may be
supposed, have some reasonably correct view of
the Constitution of the United States? Here is
an order passed by them at their session of De-
cember term, 1862:
"There having been"—
says the order—I read from it—
"two assoeiatojustices of this court appointed since
its last session, it is
" Ordered, That the following allotment bo made of
tho Chief Justice and associate justices of said court
among the circuits, agreoably to the act of Congress
in such cases made and provided"—
That is, the act of 1802—
"and that such allotmentbe entered of record, to wit:
for the first circuit. Nathan Clifford; for the sec-
ond circuit. Samuel Nelson; for the third circuit,
liobert 0. Urier: for tho fourth circuit Roger B. Ta-
ney: for the fifth circuit, James M. Wayne; for tho
sixth circuit, John Catron; for tho seventh circuit,
Noah II. Swaync; for the eighth circuit, David Da-
vis; for the ninth circuit. Samuel i\ Miller; for tho
tenth circuit, Stephen J. Field."
Do you know what States arc in these sev-
eral circuits? I suppose some of the Senators
do not. Bear in mind the exact dimensions
of these several circuits. The fourth circuit
contains Delaware, Maryland, Virginia, North
Carolina, and West Virginia. By that order
the then Chief Justice was allotted to that cir-
cuit. No two States were then more absolutely
in rebellion than Virginia and North Carolina.
The fifth circuit consists of South Carolina,
Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, and Florida,
every one in a state of insurrection, and to that
Mr. J ustice W ay no was allotted. The sixth cir-
cuit consists of Louisiana, Texas, Arkansas,
Kentucky, and Tennessee ; all except Ken-
tucky at that time in rebellion. To that the
late Justice Catron was allotted.
The late Chief Justice afterward died, and
the present chief was appointed. The con-
tingency again arose when it was necessary to
make a new allotment, and that Chief Justice
himself takes part in that allotment. Does he
consider these States as at an end? An order
passed by the court at the session of Decem-
ber, 1865, by which the fourth circuit, consist-
ing of Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, and-
West Virginia, was allotted to Chief Justice
Salmon P. Chase ; the fifth circuit, consist-
ing of South Carolina, Georgia, Alabama, Mis-
sissippi, and Florida, all lately in insurrection,
was allotted to Mr. Justice Wayne. The sixth
circuit is now vacant, no successor having
been appointed to Mr. Justice Catron.
'Thus the Senate see that the judges of the
Supremo Court by a unanimous order passed
in the execution of the statute of 1802, the con-
tingency having occurred which rendered it
necessary that they should discharge the duty
imposed upon them, have thought themselves
bound to consider all of these States as still
States of the Union, and have, as among thom-
sclves, divided out these States as composing
the circuits to which the respective judges are
to be allotted.
Mr. President, it would be fatiguing the Sen-
ate, however it may be desirable, perhaps, m
order that the country may be informed, to refer
