1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3175
well; and such, I am sure, is the feeling of the people
whom I representtoward those whomyou represent.
I therefore feel that I but express their desire when
I say I hope, and they hope, for peaceful relations
with you, though wo must part. They may be mu-
tually beneficial to us in future, as they have been in
the past, if you so will it."  •>*««=
"In the course of my service here, associated at
different times with a great variety of Senators, I
see now around mc some with whom I have served
long; there have been points of collision; but what-
ever of offense there has been to me, I leave here; I
carry with me no hostile remembrance. Whatever
offense I have given which hasnot been redressed, or
for which satisfaction has not been demanded, I have,
Senators, in this hour of our parting, to offer you my
apology for any pain which, in heat of discussion, I
inflicted. I go hence unencumbered of the remem-
brance of any inj ury received, and having discharged
tlic duty of making tho only reparation in my power
for any injury offered.
"Mr. President, and Senators, having made the
announcement which the occasion seemed to tno to
require, it only remains for me to bid you a final
adieu."
These thoughts and words are characteristic
of the man, and stamp the charge of murderer
and conscious treason with falsehood. How
is it pretended that he is guilty of treason?
His sovereign State seceded; he went with
her and joined in defending her.independence.
There was a time when but few denied the
right of secession. From the earliest period
of our Government it has been asserted and
claimed. Great and ruling parties have pro-
claimed it; States have sanctioned it; states-
men of the highest charactcr all over the land
have avowed it; commentators on your form
of government have expounded it; and can any
one in such a state of facts dare to denounce
the act of secession as treason in a Government
of free opinion? The doctrine of secession was
born with the Constitution It became a ruling
principle of fhe ruling Democratic party, in-
serted in their platform from 1798 to tho late
war. New England formally determined to
practice it on an occasion which she thought
demanded it. Ohio, through her high officials
and ablest statesmen, declared her determina-
tion to adopt it. Josiah Quincy sanctioned it.
John Quincy Adams, in a most formal address
before tho Historical Society of New York, in
1839, most emphatically announced it as the
true doctrine.
But, sir, I have alluded to this doctrine of
secession, not with the view of defending it at
this time, but a wish to introduce an authority
connected with a fact which is known or recol-
lected, I expect, to hut few, William Rawlc,
formerly of Pennsylvania, was one of the ablest
lawyers in this country. In 182-1 he published
a Commentary on the Constitution, a work fre-
quently referred to as authority on the exposi-
tion of that instrument, not only at the bar, but
by subsequent commentators. His first edition
was soon exhausted, and in 1829 he published
a new edition of his work, in the preface to
which he states:
"In this edition the principles laid down in the
first remain unaltered. The author has §gen no rea-
son for any changc,''
Thus, after having in the edition of 1824 laid
down most clearly and emphatically the doo-
trine of the right of a State to secede from the
Union, he restates the doctrine, after mature
reflection and study in his second edition, de-
claring that "he had seen no reason for any
change."
I would now, sir, merely refer you and this
House to his able exposition on the subject
as contained in tho thirty-second chapter of
liis work. Now, this work of William Kawle
was approved of and strongly indorsed by the
ablest and profoundest lawyers. Itwas intro-
duced as the text-book on constitutional law in
the schools and colleges throughout the land,
and during the Presidency of John Quincy
Adams was adopted as the text-book on the
Constitution in the Military Academy at West
Point. It was the text-book when Jefferson
Davis was there, and was placed in his hand
as a cadet and student in that institution. He
learned his first lessons of secession through
the agency and teaching of this Government
itself, and it may be his misfortune, but surely
not his fault, that the lessons thus drilled into
him have made a lasting. impression on his
mind. What possible justification can any
man have, under such circumstances, in making
the charge against him of being a " conscious
traitor?" Would a common pedagogue chas-
tise a pupil for having learned and understood
his lesson too well? I can hardly believe that
the devil himself, were he to place the Book
of God into the hand of a fallen angel in order
to subject it to perverted criticism, would pun-
ish him if he were to be convinced and turn
Christian. What should be the conduct of
this Government under such circumstances
toward Jefferson Davis and those who from
strong conviction of the correctness of their
course acted with him? Justice and public
honor demand their immediate release and
restoration to their rights, the more especially
as such a coui-se cannot in the least conflict
with public safety.
Away, then, with these charges that those
people are murderers, red-handed rebels, and
conscious traitors! They spring only from un-
reflecting excitement or from a depraved spirit
of revenge, and with wise and considerate
statesmen and patriots should never be allowed
to interpose obstacles to the reunion which all
such must now desire. Away, too, with the
expectation that tho southern people will ever
degrade themselves by freely accepting condi-
tions from the benefit of which you exclude
theirown chosen leaders! This should andwill
never be. Let the people sweep these obstacles
aside, and as we were enemies in war, in peace
let us be friends.
Mr. LE BLOND. If my friend from Mary-
land will permit me, I would like to ask him a
single question. I understand from the argu-
ment of the gentleman from Maryland that he
takes tho position that the southern States
lately in rebellion are out of the Union, and
had a constitutional right to go out of the
Union. Did 1 understand him correctly?
Mr. HARRIS. They had a right to go out
of the Union.
Mr. LIS BLOND. A constitutional right?
Mr. HARMS. They had tho right in spite
of the Constitution. It was a right that grew
out of tho sovereignty of the States.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then my distinguished
friend from Maryland [Mr. Hakkir] occupies
the same position on this question that the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] and those who follow him
occupy, that these States are out of the Union
and had a right to go out.
I simply wish to say this, that the Demo-
cratic party differ with him in that respect
Wo do not believe that those States are out of
the Union, or that they ever had the light to
go out. We believe that nothing but success-
ful revolution could ever carry them out of
the Union. We disagree with the gentleman
from Maryland [Mr. •IIakuls] and the gen-
tleman from Pemis) lvania [Mr. Stevens] and
his coadjutors on the other side of the House.
Mr. MOULTON. 1 desire hereto deny fhe
proposition of the gentleman from Ohio, | Mr.
Le Blond,] that the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] ever claimed or at-
tempted to argue or admitted that the south-
ern States had the right to go out of the Union.
Mr. LE BLOND. I assert that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and
the other side of the House have on every
occasion virtually sustained the doctrine that
those States are out of the Union.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 209) to define
the number and regulate the appointment of
officers in the Navy, and for other purposes,
in which he was directed to ask the concur-
rence of tho House.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. RAYMOND, I do not desire to pro-
ceed with the discussion of this subject tiiis
evening; the hour is too late. But I would be
glad, if it shall suit the convenience of the
House, to submit some remarks to-morrow on
the general question before the House.
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman will
yield to me, I will submit amotion to adjourn.
. Mr. RAYMOND. I prefer to submit a
motion to postpone this special order until to-
morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. DAWES. Before the gentleman from
New York [Mi'.Raymoxd] submits that motionj
will he yield to nie for a few minutes ?
Mr. RAYMOND. Certainly.
Mr. DAWES. I think the remarks of the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] ought
not to go unnoticed, for I think he has no
authority for the statement he has made con-
corning the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Stevens,] the distinguished chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations, not now in
his seat. I have never heard fall from the
gentleman from Pennsylvania anything to war-
rant the statement that he now holds to the
doctrine that the southern Stales had the right
to go out of the Union. I differ quite widely
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] as to the condition in which those
States are at this time. But it is due to him.
in his absence that no member upon this floor
should be permitted to so grossly misrepre-
sent his opinions in that regard.
Now, I do not believe, with the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] and the
gentleman from Marylaud, [Mr. Harris,] who
has just taken his seat, that these southern
States are out of the Union. But I do believe
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
they had no right to go out of the Union. If
I understand the gentleman from Pennsylvania
aright—although 1 have no authority to speak
for him and no ability to expound his views
hero—his opinion is that, these States fought
themselves as it were out of the Union; that
as the result of the war between them and tho
Union, in which they were recognized as belli-
gerents, they became, and are now, conquered
territory; and that the United States being the
conquerors have the authority to treat them as
conquered territory. I believe that to be the
position of the gentleman from Pennsylvania.
1 differ in that opinion very widely from the gen-
tleman. lint I feel that I would be doing him
great injustice if I were to sit here and permit
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] to
go uncontradicted when he declares that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
ever held anywheic that under the Constitution
the southern States had a right to go out of
the Union. ,
The grand difference between the gentleman
from Pennsylvania and tho gentleman from
Maryland is this : the gentleman from Mary-
land holds that under the Constitution and fty
virtue of the Constitution itself any State had
tho right to secede from the Union, being itself
the judge of the sufficiency of the cause for
seceding.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say just here that the theory of tho gentle-
man from Massachusetts [Mr. Dawes] and the
theory of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[ M r. Stevens] may vary, but the result in each
case is the same. Both of those gentlemen
vote to keep the southern States unrepresented
by loyal men in this Congress and in the Union.
Mr. DAWES. Does the gentleman refer to
me?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do.^
Mr. DAWES. Then the gentleman is quite
as much in error in reference to my opinions as
is the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond]
in regard to the opinions of tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] I am not one
of those who are disposed by legislation or oth-
erwise to keep any loyal man, representing a
loyal constituency, out of a seat in this House
to which he has been legally elected; and no
vote of mine has over contributed to that
result*
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I know very well that
