3176
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 14,
the gentleman from Massachusetts differs in
theory with the gentleman from Pennsylvania;
and therefore I wish to know how it is that
they happen to vote together on all these ques-
tions ; that they act in concert in preventing
. the representation in Congress of a portion of
tli8 States of this Union. Although the gen-,
tlemen differ in theory, they agree practically,
in declaring that those States shall not be rep-
resented upon this floor.
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Wisconsin, in his interrogatory to me,
assumes what he has no right to assume—that
the gentleman from Pennsylvania and myself,
although, as he says, differing very widely in
theory, are found together in practice. What-
ever votes I have given here—I am not speak-
ing, of course, for the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania—whatever votes I have given here, I
fancy I am able, both to myself and my con-
stituents as well as to the country, to reconcile
them with the theory which I have advanced
here on more than one ocaasion touching the
right of repiesentation on the part of the States-
lately in rebellion. I stand upon the record
as long ago as_ the Thirty-Seventh Congress;
and from that time to this I have put myself on
the record more than once, in no particular
do 1 desire fit this moment and in this place to
depart one iota from the principles laid down
by me in the Louisiana election cases, and in
the Virginia election cases. In my opinion,
sir, we are fast coming to the very position
assumed by me on those occasions, and adopted
by the Iloasp of Representatives by large and
controlling majorities.
1 will add further, in this connection, that it
seems to mo it would be better for the gentle-
man trom Wisconsin, before catechising me
upon this point, to consider the harmony.of
Ins own action with that of the gentleman lrom
Maryland [Mr. Harris] who has just taken
his scut. During the long service which 1 have
had here with the gentleman from'Wisconsin,
I recollect no occasion on which he has differed
in his votes (whatever may have been his posi-
tion in debate) with the gentleman from Mary-
laud. Now, for the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, occupying the position he does in relation
to the gentleman from Maryland, always voting
with him, to stand up here and catechisc me
upon this point, seems to savor of coolness,
oven on this hot day. [Laughter.]
1 yield to the gentleman from Wisconsin.
Mr. hLDUlDUIi, Mr. Speaker, I will say
to the gentleman frhm Massachusetts that I
have conversed with him repeatedly upon thoso
questions, and I have found him expressing
opinions in entire accordance with the views
which 1 entertain.
Mr. DAWKS. Oh, no.
Mr. HLDItlDGI£. 1 have asked him, and
OTtdeavored to persuade him, topresent to this
House a proposition to admit the southern
States, not as States, but to allow their Rep-
resentatives to come in as Representatives of
their particular districts—to consider each can-
didate for admission simply with reference to
himself and the constituency which he claims
to represent and the loyalty of each. But the
gentleman hat> never offered such a proposition
to this House.
I wonder, and I hare often wondered, why
the gentleman, with the opinions which 1 know
him to entertain, anil which I have heard from
his own mouth, has not, in his zeal for the
restoration of the olden time, offered a prop-
osition to admit members as they come here
from the districts which theyseekto represent,
considering only the loyalty of the districts and
the loyalty of the applicants themselves. When
gentlemen come here as Representatives from
the State of Tennessee—men admitted to be
loyal as any upon this floor—I wonder why
the gentleman from Massachusetts, during
seven long months, has never once voted for
their admission or moved that they might be
admitted as Representatives upon this floor.
I do not seek to catechise the genUeman;
and the zeal which I have manifested and to
which he has alluded has no reference to him.
I do from the bottom, of my heart desire that
the peace which we have conquered by arms
-may be Consummated by a full representation
of all the States in the Halls of Congress. I
am axious for the result. I and other mem-
bers on this side of the House have shown by
the best evidence that we could give our readi-
ness to vote for admitting these Representa-
tives* by districts without regard to anything
else, whenever the proposition should be pre-
sented.
I will say to the gentleman from Massachu-
setts we believe to-day upon this side that, the
Union has not been destroyed. • We believe
to-day that wo have saved the Union and only
need to have statesmen act in conjunction with
the Army when the Union would be entirely
restored.
If-the gentleman from Massachusetts, with
his distinguished ability and his great influence
in the House, had moved in the early part of
the session that those loyal Representatives
should be admitted by districts, wo might have
had them here now from loyal districts in many
of the southern States, which, according to the
doctrine of the gentleman from Maryland, [Mr.
Harris,] as well as the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] are excluded at this
hour from seats upon this floor.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has failed to answer my interrogatory
why he has been found so entirely in harmony
with the action of the gentleman from Mary-
land. , „
.Mr. ELD RIDGE. I do not agree either
with the gentleman from Maryland or the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania-
Mr. BLAINE. On what?
Mr. ELI) RIDGE. I differ with him on this
question. _ 1 hold that these States are not out
of the Union, and that they cannot get out.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman from Wis-
consin knows very well that there is no dispo-
sition on my part to reflect on his past services
in attempting to save the Union, to preserve
it in all its integrity from the attempts of rebels
to destroyit. 1 have no reason at all to attack
him on his course. He sought to bring me
ujion the floor to reconcile my action with that
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Now,
1 have to say, although the gentleman has failed
to answer my question, there never has been
a time in this House dui iug this session when,
i .evidence was presented to me that any man
came here a loyal and true Representative from
a loyal and true dish-ret, I would not only have
voted to admit him to a scat upon this "floor,
but, sir, would have welcomed him with open
arms. There lias never been a time when I
have not been anxious for an opportunity to
make the selection and the distinction between
a loyal Representative of a loyal district in
these southern States ami those who come up
hero with blood-red hands as the Represent-
atives of traitors.
Mr. Speaker, it has been my desire that the
credentials of every man claiming to he a Rep-
resentative should be presented to a proper
committee, I cared not what committee it was,
but a committee charged with the duty of mak-
ing up the opinion of this House, on iitVestiga-
tion, whetherhecame from a loyal constituency,
represented in a Stale government republican
in form and able to be supported and main-
tained by the loyal people thereof. And when-
ever it can be made to appear to me, on exam-
ination o!: the evidence—I do not care whether
it be from the committee of fifteen, whether it
be from a select committee, or from a standing
committee of this House—that any man comes
hero from a State which has come out of this
rebellion clothed in its right mind with such a
republican form of government, in which do-
mestic tranquillity has been restored and the
loyal people, whether they be many or few,
have been able to exercise the right of choos-
ing a loyal man; I say whenever I am fonnd
under those circumstances creating any obsta-
cle by vote or otherwise to his admission to a
seat upon this floor, then the gentleman from
Wisconsin or the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Randall] now standing up may hold
me responsible for it.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman to yield to me.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly, sir.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
only to say this, that I have no wish to do the
gentleman from Massachusetts injustice, and I
am gratified, and I feel the country will bo
gratified, at the position which he states here
to-day ho now occupies. I hope he will keep
on until the majority on his side shall be
induced to act as he speaks.
What is the position of claimants for seats
from the lately rebellious States? In what
position, sir, do they find themselves when
they; come here? They are met with the res-
olution that the credentials of every one of
them shall be referred without debate to the
committee on reconstruction. I do not re-
member how that gentleman voted in reference
to that question, whether he voted to commit
every one of those credentials to that burial
place or not, but it is enough for me to know
that a majority have done it, and that the Com-
mittee ot Elections,, of which lie is the able
chairman, is stripped of its legitimate duty,
and that good and bad men from the lately
rebellious States are treated alike here. Men
who have gone through the war in the Union
Army are kept out of this House by the action
of the majority of this House notwithstanding
the gentleman's protest.
I ask the gentleman whether he voted to bury
all those credentials or not. If he did not,
then I say he is clearly exonerated from any
complicity in preventing the representation ,of
loyal men from the southern States.
Mr. DAWES, Mr. Speaker, I was about to
state when I was interrupted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania that 
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I thought
the gentleman was through or I should not have
interrupted him.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Will my colleague yield
for a question ?
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. BO U TWELL. I wish to know whether
my colleague means to say that he is in favor
of the admission of a loyal Representative from
any district of the eleven Slates recently in
rebellion when he is satisfied that a majority
of the people of that district are loyal to the
Government, without regarding the institutions
of the State from which the individual claim-
ing to be a Representative comes, regardless
of the fact whether they have established laws
and framed institutions which secure the rights
of all men without regard to race or color.
Because if that be the position of my colleague,
I, as one member of this House, as one citizen
of Massachusetts, and as the Representative
of a portion of her people, beg to dissent from
that position,
• Mr. DAWES. If my colleague had not been
quite so anxious to find a point of difference
with his colleague, as I am afraid he was, lie
would have been entirely satisfied, I think,
with the position I was about to-state. I was
upon the point of telling the gentleman from '
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Randall,] when he inter-
rupted me, just what, when Congress assem-
bled in December last, I desired it to do, and
just whal_ I think it ought to have done. It
does not differ much from what was done, but
so far as it did differ I regret it, because I be-
£v-,e. ^ mischief, and was the beginning
ot dissensions that are fraught with evil
^ Sir, the Constitution of the United States
imposes this obligation upon the United States,
not upon this House, not upon the Senate, not
upon the Executive, but upon all three— the
United States" is_ the term.used-^—namely, to
guaranty a republican form of government to
each and every one of the States of this Union j
and when the eleven States, after having, in
the terrible commotions and civil,war which
has been upon them, upheaved and overturned
