1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3177
all tlie civil institutions within their borders,
and blotted out all the civil governments there;
after having been at war with this Government
for four long years, came to lay down their
arms and surrender to this Government, and
then went to work to erect upon the ruins
new forms of government and to adopt new
constitutions, it was the duty of every one of
those States, in my opinion, to present its new
form of constitution to the President of the
United States, and it was his duty to have laid
that form of constitution before the Congress
of the United States, to the end that the three
branches representing the Government of the
United States—the two Souses and the Presi-
dent—might have those constitutions ollicially
before them and pass judgment upon them
whether they were republican or not.
I regretted exceedingly that in his first com-
munication to Congress the President had not
•laid each and all of tbose forms of government,
whatever they were, and all the papers and evi-
dences accompanying them, before Congress.
The gravity and importance ofthe subject would,
in my opinion, have required the reference of
those constitutions, with all the papers and all
the evidence accompanying them, thus laid
before the two Houses, to a joint committee,
and it would have been the duty of that com-
mittee to have inquired, first, whether those
constitutions were republican in form ; sec-
ondly,- whether they were the free act of the
loyal people of the States from which they
emanated ; and thirdly, whether domestic tran-
quillity was so far restored among that loyal peo-
ple that this republican form of government,
its own free act, could be maintained by that
people against domestic violence. As to what
constitutes a republican form of government
m.v colleague will not find me differing essen-
tially with him. We do not materially differ
upon that point. But, sir, whenever a joint
committee of these two bodies should have
pronounced, upon a faithful, deliberate, and
careful examination of all the facts and cir-
cumstances, that the State of Tennessee, North
Carolina, or Arkansas, or any other State, had
set up such a form of government, that it was
the free act of the loyal people of that State,
and that domestic tranquillity had been so far
restored that such government eould be main-
tained, and such report, in fulfillment of the
constitutional obligation of guarantying re-
publican forms of government to the States,
should become the judgment of the two Houses
and the President, that is, ofthe United States,
then any loyal man elected as a Representa-
tive under such a State government, from a
loyal constituency, would be entitled to ad-
mission, and I would like to ask my colleague
or any other member of the House upon what
ground of constitutional right he or I could
object to that man. taking his seat here.
Meantime, it would have better comported
with what I thought ought to have been done
if, while the constitutions of these States and
the papers accompanying them had gone, as I
have indicated, to a joint committee, the cre-
dentials of those claiming to be Representatives
had been referred to the appropriate committee
under the rules of this House. Because, sir,
the Constitution is just as explicit upon that
point as it is in imposing upon us to guaranty
a republican form of government to each State.
It declares just as explicitly that this House
and the other branch of Congress shall keep
within itself, and under its own exclusive con-
trol, the credentials of those claiming to be
members thereof. But, had I been a member
of the committee to which such credentials
were referred, 1 would not have taken action
upon them until T was satisfied upon evidence
that all the conditions I have indicated had
been fulfilled in the States from which the
Representatives claimed to come.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I wish to ask my col-
league how it can be possible that a commu-
nity can be authorized, through any organiza-
tion, to issue credentials to a man which can
be regarded by this House or by a committee
of this House as " credentials'' until the right
of that community to be considered as a State
within the Union has been recognized by the
constituted authorities of the Government?
How, therefore, could it have been consistent
or proper for one committee of Congress in one
room to have been considering the right of
South Carolina to be represented at all, sind
another committee considering in another room
credentials issued by the so-called authorities
of South Carolina, which had never been rec-
ognized by the Government?
Mr. DAWES. In the first part of my col-
league's proposition I agree entirely, to wit,
that it is impossible for any one to come here
and be entitled to admission as a Representa-
tive from any community until that community
has become a State of this Union. But, sir,
he and I differ entirely upon the question of
the right of any of these States to representa-
tion. I believe in their right from the begin-
ning. I also believe in their incapacity, grow-
ing out of the rebellion. They have always
been States, but States disorganized, and there-
lore unable to elect Representatives; and the
question with me is one of fact, not of legal
right; whether they are capablc of being rep-
resented, not whether they are entitled to rep-
resentation. By their own folly and rebellion
they have placed themselves in a position where
they have an incapacity of representation, that
is, an inability to elect, and it is perfectly con-
sistent that the credentials of a man claiming
to be elected should be referred to the appro-
priate committee, while another committee
should pass upon the grave question of the
condition of the State and the character of its
organic law. When they shall stand up, erect,
and clothed in their right mind, then they will
be capablc of electing Representatives.
But, sir, it is idle for my colleague and my-
self to enter into any discussion upon this ques-
tion. The practical result would be the same
under his theory ai^d under mine. He says
that when they are capable of electing Repre-
sentatives they are entitled to do so. I say
their title has always been good, but they cannot
exercise it because they are in rebellion, or not
yet sufficiently out of it, and that until they
have so far restored domestic tranquillity as to
obeythe law, conform themselves toit, and erect
and maintain a State government republican in
form, they are not capable of electing Repre-
sentatives.
Sir, is it necessary for every State in this
Union that changes its form of government to
be readmitted or re-recognized as a State before
it can send Representatives here ? The State
of Rhode Island changed its form of govern-
ment in the most radical particular. The
constituted authorities of the United States
did not insist upon it that the Representatives
chosen under the new State government of
Rhode Island should stand at the door knock-
ing until that new State government was recog-
nized. They assumed that the State of Rhode
Island was capable of electing Representatives.
There had been no state of things calling for
an investigation. Not so with these States.
Bat, sir, I am occupying much more time
than I intended. Let me only add that this
question is entirely independent of what con-
stitutional amendments the exigencies of the
times may demand. St
Mr. LE BLOND. Allow me a word.
Mr. DAWES. Certainly.
Mr. LE BLOND. 'The gentleman has set
himself up here to some extent as the defender
of the position of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, ["Mr- Stevens.]
Mr. DAWES. Not in the least. I have
only sought to defend him from misrepresen-
tation.
Mr. LE BLOND. Very good; then the
gentleman does seek to defend liim. Now, I
wish to know this: if, as is claimed by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Dawes,]
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vexsJ does not assert that these States have
the right to go out of the Union, and wc know
that they have been unsuccessful in their at-
tempt at revolution, how under heaven are
they now out of the Union? If they are not
out of the Union, then why treat them as States
out of the Union and deny them representa-
tion here, although they are out of the Union
neither by virtue of the Constitution nor by
successful revolution?
Mr. DAWES. I have only to say to the
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Ije Blond] that I
never assumed to defend the position of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevess,]
that these States were even conquered Terri-
tories. All I assumed to do was to state his
position correctly, as I understood it, and not
as the gentleman from Ohio misstated it., It
is not for me to defend that position, for I told
him in all frankness that I did not believe with
him.
1 now move that the House adjourn..
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman with-
draw that motion to allow me to submit a res-
olution of inquiry ?
Mr. DAWKS. Certainly, I tvill withdraw it.
duty on foreign wool.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the present doty on imported wools af-
fords no protection to the American wool-grower
and yields very little revenue to the Government;
and whereas an expectation prevails that the pres-
ent duty is to be increased during the present session
of Congress; and whereas this expectation is causing
large importation.? for future consumption, whereby
the revenue of the Government from this source is
being materially affected, and the present clip of
wool is being purchased by speculators at prices
which do not remunerate the wool-grower, in conse-
quence of the delay in reforming the present duty:
Therefore,
Retained, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be requested to give the subjectimmdftiate attention,
and report by bill at the earliest possible day.
enrolled bills signed;
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 350) to authorize the Com-
missioner of Patents to pay those employed as
examiners and assistant examiners the salary
fixed by law for the duties performed by them ; .
and
. A joint resolution (II. R. No. 127) proposing
an amendment to the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States.
tins. r. a. bursley.
On motion of Mr. YAN AERNAM, the
Committee on Invalid Pensions were dis-
charged from tlio further consideration of the
petition of Mrs. R. A. Bursley, and the same
was referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
And then, on motion of Mr. STROUSE, (at
four o'clock and twenty-five minutes, p. m.,)
the House adjourned.
petition's, etc.  
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of manufacturers
of cork, for reduction of duty on cork wood.
By Mr. IIAYES : The memorial of Miss M. Victor,
asking relief for damage to her property, and for use
of same, in Baton Routee, Louisiana.
By Mr. MAltVTN: The petition of h. S. Gillett,
It. ll.Cushncy. and BX others, citizens of Montgomery
county, New York, praying that the time for the
withdrawal of State bank circulation may be ex-
tended.
By Mr. PIKE: The petition of L. L. Lowc.n, and
24 others, for law regulating inter-State insurances.
Bv Mr. SUHEXCK: The memorial of LHpliiilet
Bio'wn, jr., late an artist in the Japan expedition,
for relief. . _ .
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of C. M. Butt,
James Lowrie,and 25others, citizens and pen-loners,
asking that suitable provisions be made to prevent
United States pension agents from deduct ins; any lee
from payments made to pensumeis, aud piote.-ting
against any act allowing a fee to pension agents for
prepaying papers and admiuisteimg oaths.
By Mr, SICE, of Massachusetts; The petition of
first and second a?si>>tiin I en^uieers in the Navy, to
bo commissioned and restored tu their original rank.
