1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
fssf-
tmnaturalized foroign-borny population being
included in the basis of representation. She
would of course lose every one of them.
Mr. STE WART. I think it will be found on
examination that the foreign element is more
equally distributed throughout the northern
States than would at first be supposed—I speak
particularly of the males over twenty years of
age; there are more minors West than there
are Bast. There is another fact to be taken
into consideration when you come to apply
such, a measure to the South. The South has
lost a greater proportion of its male popula-
tion than the North. 1 think that on the basis
of voters, the result would be to give a greater
strength to the North as compared with the
South than would the constitutional amend-
ment proposed by the committee. I think this
would be the result, because the South as I have
said, has lost a far greater proportion of her
male population than the North. Her males
have been mostly in the army, and from the
best statistics J can get—and I have had sev-
eral gentleman helping me to figure the matter
out—I have come to the conclusion that the
South will lose more in proportion than the
North if you take the basis of voting, and that
the foreign-born clement is pretty equally di-
vided throughout the North. I do not think,
after a careful examination, that any of the
results the Senator apprehends will follow.
Mr. WILSON. I think if the Senator will
make a close and careful calculation, he will
come to the same conclusion that I have. We
were told the other day by the Senator from
Pennsylvania that the South had lost during
the war a million colored persons; the Senator
from Wisconsin yesterday repeated that state-
ment ; the Senator from Nevada tells us to-day
that the South has lost a great many more men
than we have.
Mr. STEWART. In proportion to the rela-
tive numbers.
Mr. WILSON. I believe this talk about the
great negro loss has 110 foundation in fact.
Mr. STEWART. I was not speaking of the
loss of the negroes, but of the white race.
Mr. WILSON. 1 understand the honoi able
Senator. I made inquiries the other day of
General Saxton, a gentleman who, I think,
knows more about that subject than almost any
man in the country—at any rate as far as South
Carolina and Georgia are concerned—and ho
expressed the opinion that there arc as many
negroes in South Carolina and Georgia as there
were when the rebellion broke out. and more.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. On that subject allow
me to state that Governor Aiken, who resides
in the immediate neighborhood where General
Saxton is in command, made the statement to
me which I stated yesterday, and he went into
details as to the mortality among negroes di-
rectly under the command of General Saxton.
Mr. WILSON. 1 will state to the Senator
that General Saxton knows far more about it
than Governor Aiken. Governor Aiken lost
some negroes, and 1 tind it estimated that on
one island down there where they thought they
had about two thousand negroes there turns
out to be seven thousand. Then, in regard to
this matter of loss, it may be that the rebel
States lost a half million men, including white
men and black men both, in the war; we
probably lost three hundred and fifty thousand
or not far from that. I do not think either
estimate is exceeded by the actual fact.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator will allow
me a word 011 that point. Governor Aiken stated
another fact in relation to one of those islands
there, that five thousand negroes coming down
from the country had gone on one of those
islands. They were there during a period of
six or seven months, and twenty-eight hundred
of those who went on that island were buried
there of that five thousand.
Mr. WILSON. When that statement is inves-
tigated, it will be found that Governor Aiken
has made a great mistake; at any rate I had a
long talk with General Saxton, who has been
there for years, who has placed these men on
the islands, who has located eight thousand
families, about forty thousand of those colored
people on forty acre lots there, and he says
there is a great mistake in all these estimates
about the mortality of the negroes. I was
authorized by General Saxton to assert that
these statements made by Governor Aiken are
entirely incorrect.
There is another objection, Mr. President—
I do not say it is a fatal one, if we could not
get anything else, wliich'would prevent my vot-
ing for it. Maryland, Missouri, Tennessee, and
Arkansas have shut out certain classes of rebels
for a number of years; they are not permitted
to vole on account of their participation in the
rebellion. Pass this amendment, and what is
the effect of it? To let the rebels in those
States immediately in to vote. They will bo
let in at once, and you will prevent these other
States from doing anything to keep any portion
of the rebels from voting. That will be the
operation in Maryland. It will be the same in
Missouri. Perhaps that would bo a good thing,
but I have some doubt about it.
Sir. STEWART. I should like to inquire
whether the operation of that exclusion in Mis-
souri goes longer than 1870. I believe the
operation of it in all those States is until 1870.
'Then there is to be a new census. This change
cannot take place until 1870; and consequently
if they do not intend to extend it beyond that
time, it would not operate on them. Clearly
that argument would not be good as to any-
thing they have already done, nor would it pre-
vent any State from excluding such persons
until 1870.
Mr. WILSON. It might not prevent their
doing it up to that time; but I think that some
of those States, and especially Tennessee, have
excluded for a longer time, and 1 am willing that
these States shall deal with their rebels pretty
much as they please, and i do not wish to offer
a bounty lb}' rebels to participate in the govern-
ment of this country. „
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the Senator
allow me toputonc question ; and I should like
to hear him upon it? Kansas, when she grants
suffrage to the colored men, will grant it 011 the
basis of qualification. Wo have, say, eight thou-
sand black men ; and wo pass a law author-
izing those who can read and write to vote.
Four thousand of them, under that, qualification,
vote under the amendment the Senator is now
advocating; we should .get 110 credit for the
four thousand who exercise the right of suffrage,
while under the constitutional amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Wisconsin we would
get credit for the four thousand who do exer-
cise the right of suffrage.
There is one other question on which I should
like to hear the Senator from Massachusetts.
Is it true that the delegation lost by New York
and Massachusetts wouldbegainedbythe South,
unless the South extended the right of suffrage
to the black men? And if the South does ex-
tend the right of suffrage to the black men, can-
not the philanthropists of Massachusetts and
New York afford that loss for the good of other
people?
Mr. WILSON. I would be willing to make
many sacrifices for the purpose of securing suf-
frage to the black men of the South and of pre-
venting what 1 regard one of the greatest ci imes
ever perpetrated in history; that is, if after a
war like that through which we have pa ssed we
are to settle down and exclude an ijjitire race
of four and a half million people from any par-
ticipation in the election of public officers.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I should like the Sen-
ator to answer the case I put.
Mr. WI LSON. I answer the Senator frankly
that I think basing representation 011 legal
voters will have a tendency to secure suffrage
to colored men.
'Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But it is the other
question I put which is the most important to
me and to my constituents. If we grant suf-
frage on an educational basis to one half of our
colored people and refuse ir, to the other half,
do we under the language of the amendment.
to the Constitution reported by the reconstruct
tion committee get credit for that four thorn-"
sand? Are we not refiised it?
Mr. WILSON. Of course, under the Tory
terms of it. Is the Senator in favor of suffrage
in Kansas on qualifications?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir, and our
people are. I am instructed by my constitu-
ents to vote for a constitutional amendment
predicating representation on suffrage, and I
am instructed to vote for extending suffrage
in the District of Columbia on an educational
basis. There is where I stand, and where my
constituents stand.
Mr. WILSON. I am glad to hear that declara-
tion from the Senator, and especially in regard
to the District of Columbia. Sir, a few words-
in regard to the proposition of the committee
and I close. I support it for the reason that it
settles the basis of representation and imposes
a penalty on States that exclude any class of
men 011 account of race or color. It is in the
nature of a penalty. I see no compromise in
it, no surrender in it, no defilement of the Con-
stitution in it, no implication that can be drawn
from it against the rights or interests of the
colored race. On the contrary, I believe the
black men from the Potomac to the Rio Grand©
would go for it and rejoie'e to see it adopted. I
venture to say that if you put the question to
the black men of Charleston, South Carolina—
and there are hundreds of them of intelligence,
as I know by personal observation, and some
of them of marked intelligence—put the ques-
tion to them whether they would rather see that
amendment adopted, which would say to South
Carolina, "The basis of representation rests on
the whole population, just as it is in the Con-
stitution now; but if you exclude the black
men of South Carolina from the suffrage, your
representation shall be reduced from six Rep-
resentatives to two," how do you think they
would vote? You would find them to be prac-
tical men, men who to achieve the- impossible
will not peril the possible.
Mr. DIX ON. Frederick Douglass and G-eorge
T. Downing have remonstrated against it.
Mr. WILSON. I am not speaking of the
theories of Mr. Douglass or of Mr. Downing,
but simply of what those men who are to be
affected by the amendment- would say. I tell
you that ninety-nine of every hundred of those
black men would say "amen" to that proposi-
tion with all their hearts.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. To which proposi-
tion ?
Mr. WILSON. To the original proposition
now pending, that will cut down the represen-
tation of South Carolina in the House of Rep-
resentatives if she continues to deny suffrage
to them; and why? They would say, " These
men who represent South Carolina in Congress
are not our friends; tliey are not men who ad-
vocate our rights or support our rights ; their
voices and their votes are given against us ;
therefore if they deny to us the privilege of vot-
ing, we hail and welcome an amendment that
shall cut down their representation, and put, a
penalty 011 them for their denial of suffrage to
us." I say these colored men would welcome
it; and I say further, that if that amendment
was incorporated into your Constitution, men
in South Carolina and other States would at
once begin to advocate the enfranchisement of
the black men. I have conversed with a great
many leading southerners on this subject, and
I have yet to meet the first roan who does not
admit that if it was an achieved fact—if it was
in the Constitution—the practical effect would
be that they would give suffrage to the eolored
men: and they would give it entire, not depend-
ent, upon anything. It would come, come by
their advocacy, come by their speech, come by
their votes, come by their lifting up the public
sentiment and instructing it in their States to
a height that would comprehend not only their
own pride, ambition, and interest and feelings,
but the rights of the poor black men; and when
it was carried the black men would inarch with
them, Shoulder to shoulder, to the ballot-box,
