194
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. No, subsequent to !
the date of his death. i
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1_ should :
like to have the bill au'd amendment again read. >
The Clerk again read the bill and amend-
ment.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I am informed by
the gentleman who reported the bill that I am
mistaken in the date of the bill being subse-
quent to the death of the husband of the claim-
ant ; and I move an amendment to the amend-
ment of the committee, fixing the time at the
1st of January, 1865, which I am satisfied would
be at least two months subsequent to the day
of his death.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions have considered this
matter with reference to all of the cases which
may be presented to this House and that com-
. mittee for pensions by virtue of special l'aets. It
will be observed that this case does not come
within the law. It is outside of ihe pension law.
It is not provided for. and hence has been re-
jected at the Pension Office. These cases will
not only come in at this session in large num-
bers, hut will the next session, and perhaps for
the next fifty years. And if the House es-
tablishes a precedent this .case, it will be
one which will be followed in all subsequent
cases.
Taking the ground that the law is just in its
provisions, this party comes here and asks for a
gratuity from Congress. Perhaps the merits of
this case deserve special consideration ; yet, in
the eye of the lav/, this is a mere gratuity to be
granted to this party. The committee could not
consent to establish a precedent that llie pen-
sion should commence at the death of the party
in these ca«es, to be followed in all those which
may come hereafter. We think it is as much as
this party can reasonably risk, or any other party
outside of the law. that the pension shall com-
mence at the date of th e passage of the act. The
committee report it in this case, and will report
it in every case which shall be reported upon
during the present Congress.
This has been properly considered; it has
been looked upon in all of its bearings. The
demands upon the Treasury are great, and we
trust that the House will not constitute such a
precedent, to be followed for years and years,
that the pension shall commcnce at the time of
the death of the party. If we do it now we
have to do it for fifty years to come. If it is
just in this case it will he just in every other
ease for fifty years from now. fi; the eye of the
law it is not just, because the law has not pro-
vided for it. We are therefore giving- this as a
gratuitv.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I think, Mr.
Speaker, that my friend from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] is wrong, and that the principle advocated
by the committee is a just one, that the pension
should commence from the passage of the act.
Audi am glad to hear the statement of .the
gentleman from Missouri. [Mr. Bi:NM.iMi«,J"fhat
the Committee 011 Invalid Pensions, one of the
most important committees of thi* House, have
determined to adhere to that principle in all the
cases which they shall report; and [ tiust that
we shall follow that decision in this and all sim-
ilar cases.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I might be permitted to
say that I believe a more just rule than the one
mentioned by the member of the committee that
reported this bill, or perhaps than the one sug-
gested by myself—that was from the day of the
death—a more jast rule. I believe, would be to
have the pension commence from the date of
the_ claim when presented to Congress. These
claims maybe deferred from Congress to Con-
gress for years, as has been the ease with rev-
olutionary claims and claims of the war of 1812;
and if the claim be a just one it seems to me that
there should be no withholding, from the party
by reason of the failure of Congress to act. and
that the money should be paid from the time the
application is made to Congress. I make the
suggestion in the hope that the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Wilson] willadoptthatasanamend-
meiit to the amendment, instead of that arbi-
trary date, the 1st of January. If my friend will
so change it thai it shall run from the time the
application was made to Congress for a pension,
I believe that will be accepted as a substitute
by this House.
Mr. KASSON. Would the gentleman like
the same rule to he applied in ease of other
claimants upon the justice of Congress? We
have never allowed interest on the recognition
of a claim, however long it has been before
Congress. The principle which he proposes to
apply would also cover that case, being a neg-
lect of Congress to pay the money promptly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I answer that Con-
gress shall withhold, so far as my vote is con-
cerned, not one single cent due to a man, woman,
or child on the face of the earth, by reason of
neglect to act promptly, and that if it is right to
pay a claim it is jight to pay the interest accruing
thereon from whatever time it should be paid.
I lay this down as a rule, not only in this but in
subsequent cases, that if Congress is pressed
with more important considerations, and we
defer these claims of widows and orphans from
Congress to Congress, though it may be for
twenty or twenty-live years, when we do settle
with the claimants, we should pay every cent
that is due, with interest thereon, if it be just;
at any rate pay the principal from the date of
the claim.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move the previous ques-
tion.
I ask the gentleman to
Mr. CON KLIN ft.
vield.
Mr. BENJAMIN.
Mr. CONKUNft.
I will do so.
I should agree entirely
with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixger-
kot.l] if these eases presented instances in which
anything is "'due" by law to anyone, but such
a bill is here only because nothing is "due."
In oilier words, they are all cases addressing
themselves to the sound discretion of Congress,
and are based upon facts constituting excep-
tions to the law. Some general rule, sound in
reason and in fact, may therefore be properly
established in such cases as to ihe Jime when
such stipends shall begin. If I mistake not,
speaking of at least two Congresses in which 1
served, the sense of the House was, that the
rule suggested by the committee in this case is
a sound and just one. Its advantage is. for one
thing, that we 111a}' always know what it is for
which we vole, ami how much we are voting
away, which we could not so well appreciate if
the act was to take effect at some time back
which may be itself the subject of dispute.
There is force in the suggestion that one claim
may run a long time before it, is- acted upon,
and that in another case earlier action may take
place; nevertheless it seems to me 110 fairer
rule can be established than to assume that
each case will be passed as diligently, with re-
gard to merits and urgency, as possible; and
that if exceptional pensions run from the date
of the act, as fair and judicious a rule will be
established as could possibly prevail. There-
fore 1 hope the principle laid down by the com-
mittee will be adhered to. and that we shall not
1 capj iciously say in one case that the time of a
j pension shall be fixed in one way. and in an-
; other case in a different way, but rather that
| we shall agree that in all eases the pensions.
| given by a special act, shall commence only with
J the passage of the statute; and I am inclined
: to think in the end we shall find that the total
' of these claims will be great enough even in
that event.
^ Mr. INGERSOLL. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. This is said to be an ex-
ceptional claim. Is it the fault of the widow
or the fault of the law that it is an exceptional
ease ?
Mr. CONKLTNG. Not the fault of either.
There is no fault in the case. O11 the contrary,
we all understand that the imperfection of'gen-
eral laws is such that many most meritorious
cases must be skipped by every geneial system.
Nevertheless we know. too. thai we should ob-
serve some uuifonnitv in the -e eases, and the
[.best uniformity 1 know of is the one suggested
j by the committee.
| One further remark, Mr. Speaker, and I
have done. I will_ go as far as any one can
properly go in making those who have served
in the war and the mourners for those who have
served in the war recipients of all benefits wo
have a right to dispense. I feel, however, that
nothing is more obligatory upon us than the
duty to economize and retrench the expenses
of the Government. I admit and maintain
that an exception to this, if there be an excep-
tion, arises in the case of soldiers and the fam-
ilies of soldiers. For them we should go as
far as possible. Nevertheless, regard should
be had to some principle which shall limit as
far as may be the outgo from the Treasury, and
it seems to me 110 limit can be established, no
rule can be adopted, at once so uniform and so
just to all concerned, as that suggested by the
committee. It has worked well heretofore, and
was established after careful consideration. I
hope the House will not depart from it now.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me for one moment.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I would like very much
to accommodate the gentleman, but I think this
question is fully understood.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the amendment proposed
by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, was rejected.
I The amendment reported by the committee
j was agreed to.
! The bill was then ordered to be engrossed and
j read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed,
i Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
1 upon the table.
| The latter motion was agreed to.
j Mr. IHCE, of Massachusetts. I was absent
1 in the committee-room when the Committee on
1 Naval Affairs was called, and I ask the unani-
mous consent of the House to have two bills
from the Senate taken from the Speaker's table
and referred to that committee.
No objection was made.
COMMAND LUS ItLl'XOLDS AND VOOLSEY.
Joint resolution of the Senate No. 2, for the
restoration of Commanders William Reynolds
and Melancton B.Woolsey, United States Navy,
to the active list from the reserved list,was taken
from the Speaker's table, read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
TEXSION LAW.
Bill of the Senate No. 2'J, to amend section
five of an act entitled "An act supplementary
i, to an act entitled "An act to grant pensions,'
/ approved July 4.1804. was taken from the Speak-
ij er's table, read a first and second time, and
! referred to the Committee 011 Niv\al Affairs.
![
CIUXOB OP REFEBEXCE.
On motion of Mr. TAYLOR, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
]| further consideration of the petition of Captain
JethroBonnev: andthesamewas referred to the
;j Committee of Claims. •
ji On motion of Mr. PEKHAM, the same eom-
j; mittee was discharged from the further consid-
t oration of papers in the same case ; and they
| were referred to the Committee of Claims.
ADYEItSK ltEI'ORTS.
! Mr. VAN AE RNAM. from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, made adverse reports in ihe
following cases ; which were laid 011 the table,
and ordered to be printed:
Tlie petition of John Prout, of Winterport,
, Maine, for arrears of pension; and
; The petition of the widow of Brigadier Gen-
eeral Sehimmelpfennig, praying for a pension
' on account of the services of her late husband.
I PHHADKLPIIU NAYY-YA1U).
I Mr. BRANDEGEE. I ask the unanimous
