1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
3179
for a period of two years from the passage of
the act, and then we go back to the one hun-
dred and sixty acre system. The Senator will
remember that the Senate also made a small
amendment in regard to timber lands, from
which we now agree to recede.
The Senate added another section, the effect
of which was to repeal the requirements oi the
act of 1862, which required persons applying for
the benefit of the homestead law to make oath
that they had not borne arms against the United
States. To that, also, the House disagreed.
The committee of conference have adjusted that
disagreement by providing that until the 1st of
January next the oath shall be taken, but that
after the 1st of January next that requirement
shall cease. The reason that controlled the
committee in doing this, I will briefly state.
It is intended by some who supported this bill
to allow the frecdmen in those States to have
the benefit of the homestead law. It is known
that much the larger portion of them now have
contracted for their labor during the current
year, and those contracts will expire on the
1st day of January next; and then, and not till
then, will they be prepared to avail themselves
of the benefits of the law. It was intended,
therefore, to continue the requirement that
persons should make oath that they had not
borne arms against the Government of the
United States until the time when the freed-
men will be in a position to avail themselves
of the benefit of this law. On that basis the
committee of conference agreed.
Mr. STEWART. Then I understand the
Senator to say that the section reported by the
Committee on Public Lands and adopted by
the Senate, repealing the requirement requir-
ing the taking of that oath in making entries
of°public lands generally, stands after the 1st
of January next.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Yes, sir ; until the 1st
of January the oath remains as it has been;
that is, the person availing himself of the law
must swear that he has not borne arms against
the Government of the United States; but on
the 1st of January that requirement ceases and
any man can then enter the public lands.
Mr. STEWART. I will state that my prin-
cipal reason for making the inquiry was that
the effoct of this bill, as originally passed by
the House of Representatives, was to withdraw
from public sale and from preemption the lands
in several southern States, and to permit them
to be entered only under the homestead law,
which law prevented any one who had borne
arms against the Government of the United
States from entering the public lands. In this
shape it prevented such persons from either
buying public lands or entering them. Con-
sequently we regarded it as a matter of consid-
erable importance that the bill should be so
modified that the rebels might go upon the
public lands and got to work. I regret that
the repeal of that clause does not take effect
immediately, so that they may enter the public
lands in the West at once. A great many have
removed into the western country, and I am
anxious that they shall raise their own potatoes
and corn, and feed themselves, because I be-
lieve that any person who is worthy to live
should he permitted to support himself, and
not be a pauper; but as by this report the
existing restriction upon raising their own pro-
visions is not to be continued, and they are not
to remain a charge upon the country as paupers
after the 1st of Jauuary next, I have no objec-
tion to the adoption of the report. As 1 un-
derstood it at first, I thought the committee of
conference had strickcn out our provision, so
as to prevent them from going on the public
lands altogether.
The report was concurred in.
house bill referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 674) to establish addi-
tional offices for the assay of gold and silver,
and for oilier purposes, was read twice by its
titlo and referred lo the Committee on Finance.
personal explanation.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask a moment's
time of the Senate to make—what I think I
have never made before—a personal explana-
tion ; and that not on my own account, but to
relieve a high officer of the Government who
seems to be held responsible for my sins of
commission and omission. In the New York
Tribune, the other day, there was an article, in
which the Secretary of the Treasury was ac-
cused of being insincere in his efforts to bring
about specie payments; and a part of the evi-
dence produced by the editor was that I was
the organ of the Treasury Department, and
that I was in favor of limiting the power of the
Secretary to reduce the currency. I paid no
attention to it, although it is unjust to theSec-
retary; but I see in this morning's National
Intelligencer the article of the Tribune repub-
lished with comments. I will read a short
extract from the article in the Tribune:
"Now, Mr. Sherman is the well-known, author of
tho proposition forbidding any redemption of our
greenbacks at a rnto exceeding ten millions per
month, that is, forbidding tho Secretary to redeem
at liis convenience the Government's explicit prom-
ises to pay. And wo are by no means alone ill our
understanding that Mr. Sherman is the. organ of tho
Treasury Department. XI this be a mistake, let as
know it explicitly."
I have the satisfaction to inform the editor
of the Tribune, and everybody else, that I am
not the organ of the Treasury Department,
directly or indirectly; and I state it "expli-
citly." The only points that have ever been
brought up in the Senate during this session in
regard to the policy of the Secretary was on
the two loan bills, one of which I opposed and
am still opposed to. I think it was an unwise
measure, becausc it gives to the Secretary of
the Treasury f £10 much control over the finances
of the country. It is true I proposed in the
Senate the limitation of his power over the
currency, and I still oppose this,_ but to this
the Secretary agreed. The other is the meas-
ure referred to, the funding bill, which the
Tribune seems to be in favor of. I can state
that Mr. McCulloch desired the passage of the
funding bill very much, and he is still in favor
of it; but lie is not willing to undertake the
serious task of reducing the rate of interest in
this country without the support of Congress.
The article of the Intelligencer to which I
wish to call the attention of the Senate accuses
Congress, substantially, with thwarting the Sec-
retary of the Treasury and defeating his meas-
ures to bring about the resumption of specie
payments. I feel bound to say that Coiigrcss
has never thwarted the Secretary of the Treas-
ury in anything of the kind. On the contrary,
it passed a bill two months ago which gave him
more power than was ever conferred on any
Secretary of the Treasury. Ihe delay in act-
ing upon the funding bill arises out of a differ-
ence of opinion as to the provisions contained
in that bill. I hope at an early day to get a
vote of the Senate upon it. I feel bound to
say that Congress lias always given to tho Sec-
retary every power he has asked, except those
in the pending bill, and (his 1 hope will yet
receive the sanction of the Senate. I think
it is not necessary for me to say anything far-
ther, except that I hope the Secretary of the
Treasury will not be held_ responsible for my
sins of commission or omission, and I do not
propose to be held responsible for his.
counties op berkeley and jefferson.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 120) to ex-
tend to the counties of Berkeley and J offer-
son, of West Virginia, the provisions of tho
act approved July 4, 1861, entitled "An act
to restrict, the jurisdiction of the Court of
Claims and lo provide for the payment of cer-
tain demands for quartermaster's stores and j
subsistence supplies furnished to the Army ot '
the United Slates," was read twice by its title.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I respectfully ask that
that resolution may have present consideration.
It was reported in the House of Representa-
tives yesterday morning and passed there unan-
imously, and 1 have brought it to the notice of
the Finance Committee, who are willing that I
shall take this course. It pioposes simply to
enable the Quartermaster General and the
Commissary General of Subsistence to come
to the conclusion that these counties are part
of the State of West Virginia. The law that
it is intended to correct, so far as these coun-
ties are concerned, now reads, " that all claims
of loyal citizens in the States not in rebellion
for quartermaster's stores," &c., and because
these two countics were formerly a part of the
State of Virginia they insist upon treating them
as parts of a State-in rebellion. The law which
it is intended to give these counties the benefit
of only proposes to allow these officers to pay
for official receipts given for property taken or
purchased for the use of the Government.^ I
would be very much pleased if the resolution
could have present consideration.
I am aware that there is a bill pending in
the Senate which proposes to extend the same
favor to all the States, the States that have
been in rebellion as well as those that have not;
but whether these counties would specifically
come in under that or not I cannot sa}r- At
any rate, at this stage of the .session I am not
sure that that bill will pass. I am not sure
that it would pass even if it were to come up
to-day. This resolution is simply to relieve
these two counties so as to enable these officers
to give what the Senate will certainly agree is
a fair construction to the law of 186-1, that they
are counties in a loyal Sffitc. I would oe
pleased if the Senate would permit the consid-
eration of the resolution at this time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider the resolution
to-day.
Mr. DAVIS. If that subject is likely to
occupy anv time I shall be compelled to object.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. It will take but a
moment. If it sbuuld occupy any time I will
let it go over.
There being no objection, the Senate, as m
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution, which proposes to
extend the provisions of the act of Congress of
July 4,1864, to " restrict the jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims," &c., to the counties of Berke-
ley aud Jefferson, in the State of West Virginia.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
river and harbor bill.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (II. R. No. 492) mailing ap-
propriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public woiks heretofore
commenced under the authority of law, and
for other purposes, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendments disagreed to by the
House, agree to the conferenec asked for on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses, and
that the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate be appointed by the President
pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to; and Messrs.
Chandler, Morrili., and Riddle were ap-
pointed the conterees on the part of the
Senate.
amboy and traverse bay railroad.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the bill (S.
No. 243) to extend the time for the reversion
lo the United Stales of the lands granted by
Congress lo aid in the construction ot a rail-
road fiom Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing,
to some point on or near 1 raverse bay, in the
State of Michigan, and for tho completion of
said road. The amendment ot the House was
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause aud to insert Ihe following a3 a substi-
tute:
That tho time limited by the fourth scction of an
act entitled "Ail act making a Kjant ot altoinats
sections of the public land^ to the State ot Michigan
to aid ill tho connruetiou <>t certain railroad# in said
State and for other pui'pu«es." approved June o,
1851), for the completion ol the ltuh'O.id from Amboy,
bv Hillsdale and Lanfeini?, to iscmio point cnm or near
Traverse Lay, shall be*, and hereby is, revived ana
