1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2219
selves, they may enter and discover the mines,
and they may retain possession of those mines,
and the condition that is imposed heremay
inure to them, so that there is no conflict if
that should occur; but if other citizens arc to
be permitted to enter, to explore and ascer-
tain whether valuable mines exist there or
not, I submit that the right to use as much
timber as is necessary to carry on their pur-
pose is au absolute necessity to their occu-
pancy. 1 submit that to any Senator who is
acquainted with that section of the country
and its business.
Mr. WADE. I shall occupy but a moment
of lime. X might apply to this ease the old
maxim, '"If 'lie sky should fall we may catch
larl.
Now, sir, this proposition is as broad
as it is long. The gentleman thinks that by
probability a gold mine may be discovered
there valuable to work, and if it is, he wants
the timber that these parties purchase sub-
jected to the purpose of working those mines.
It may be perhaps as possible in the future
that such a mine will be discovered, and that
they will want all our timber and thus destroy
our iron-works, as it will be that we shall de-
prive the gold miner of the opportunity of
discovering a mine and prevent him from
using the timber to work it. The cases are
altogether too remote. They escaped the
searching investigation of that most compe-
tent committee that reported this bill, and I
hardly think tho^ would wish to attach to it a
provision to anticipate against a contingency
so remote and so unlikely to occur. On
the one hand it is as likely to affect us who
ask this grant and propose to pay for it, as
it is that the discovery will bo made by some-
body else, and that they will want the use
of our timber. I think it is too remote alto-
gether, and it is subjecting the grant to such
contingencies as will render it less valuable
and less secure, and make men hesitate to
embark in it, for it must be remembered that
in order to go on with this great work of
manufacturing iron in this distant Territory
a. great capital must be laid out there in
the start. It will require a very large capi-
tal to start the work, and capitalists are very
apt to be frightened out of their propriety if
they see such unusual conditions attached to
the grant. They do not like to run the hazard.
That is the principal objection that 1 have to
it. The danger is certainly so remote that the
gentleman cannot suppose that it is ueccssary
to anticipate and provide against a contingency
so unlikely to occur.
Mr. CONNESS. The danger and the objec-
tion to making such a grant as this in a coun-
try entirely new is, that nobody knows what
that country contains. I submit to the honor-
able Senator from Ohio that this is not by any
means a remote condition, because you are to
begin at the beginning of it. Persons enter
upon that land, knowing nothing of what it
contains, or what are in its bowels. I am not
strenuous about the proposition that I have
submitted ; but I feel it my duty to explain it
to the Senate, so that they may vote under-
standingly upon it. It is a matter of very
little consequence to me whether you grant to
A B twenty miles of land in the midst of one
of your Territories or not. I have always been
of the opinion that the title should go to the
mines; and if the purpose here is to convey
the title to the mines, all right, let it be done.
But I submit that if that is not the purpose,
and you are going to grant twenty miles of
land for the purpose of working iron, and you
intend to reserve to your people the working
of the mines of precious metals that may be
discovered there, you should reserve to them
the reasonable use of the mines and of the
working of the mines. The one is not worth
anything without the other. My purpose is
not tr> embarrass this company, nor to throw a
cloud upon their property.
But the honorable Senator replies to me
twice, thrice, that a committee have examined
the bixl. So they have. I submit the remarks
I have made to that committee, or to the mem-
bers of it here. I care nothing about whether
this amendment is adopted or not. I live in
the very midst of a country involving the con-
ditions that I discuss, and I have seen them
from day to day, for years of my life. We
have appended the same condition to our Pa-
cific railroad grants. We granted to the Pacific
railroad all the timber upon the even sections
and the land and the timber upon the odd
sections; but you will find that we incorpo-
rated an amendment, in 1864, in the grant,
reserving against the railroad company and
former grant of the timber as much of that
timber as was necessary for the. operations of
the miners upon the even sections where mines
may he discovered, because the reservation of
the limber is as necessary as the right to work
the mine itself. This amendment, therefore,
is not applying a new condition, but carrying
out apolicy that has been adopted, and a policy
that every man who lives in a mining region
understands the necessity of.
Mr. KIKKWOOD. 1 should like to make
a suggestion to the Senator from California.
I understand very well the propriety of the res-
ervation in regard to the lands falling within
the line of the Pacific railroad. They need
the timber for ties ; but in this case this land,
except where iron ore itself exists, is needed
for the purpose of producing coal to work the
ore. I understand from the Senator from Cal-
ifornia that the necessity for timber in mines
is for no other purpose than that of cropping
—I do not know the technical name.
Mr. CONNESS. Timbering their tunnels
and shafts.
Mr. KIPiKWOOD. For timbering their tun-
nels and shafts. 1 apprehend the amendment
would not be objectionable if it were confined
to that; but under this amendment extensive
steam-works and all that kind of thing may be
set up there and the timber taken olf this land
to run those steam-works.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Iowa will yield to mo for one moment, I desire
to suggest to the Senator from California that
1 cannot conceive that his amendment is neces-
sary for the purposes that he desires. The bill
already declares that no mineral lands other
than coal or iron shall be granted; and it pro-
vides that the title which shall be issued shall
not convoy any lands containing the precious
metals. Now, the company by the patent get
no title to any land except, of the character
intended to be granted. They cannot take
more than that. ^They do not become the own-
ers, by virtue of the patent, of any lands ex-
cept of the classes described. The effect of
the amendment proposed is to give the right
to take timber on land that is not of the char-
acter described. If you adopt this amend-
ment, it makes the title uncertain as far as they
have a right to acquire. Therefore, 1 think,
if we intend to pass this bill, we had better
standby the language of the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I find a good deal of ob-
jection to this amendment. As I said before,
my purpose is not to opposeone tittle ofinier-
ference or impediment against this bill. I am
quite aware of the practical necessity of the
suggestion that I have made. At the same
time, hating placed my views on the subject
before the Senate, I am perfectly willing to
withdraw the amendment. It is, as I slated
before, a matter of no consequence to me.
The PRESIDENT jjro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. McDO UGALL. Mr. President, it is my
opinion that the amendment pioposed by the
Senator, my colleague, would be a well-advised
amendment if the bill required it; but I do not
think it exactly germane lo the bill. It is my
judgment that the whole proposition is what
may be denominated as special legislation. I
do not understand why ''the New York and
Montana Iron Mining and Manufacturing Com-
pany'' should ''be authorized within one year
after the approval of this act" to select tracts
of land in the Territory of Montana '' which,
in the aggregate, shall not exceed twenty sec-
tions." Such a thing has never been done in
this country to develop any such interest. The
persons wdio discover iron—and this is the ago
of iron—are protected sufficiently by the present
law. Those who discover gold or silver or cop-
per. or any other valuable metal, are protected
sufficiently by the present law. That to a com-
pany incorporated there should be granted
twenty sections, is a proposition the meaning
of which I can only understand in this way,
that it is a matter of speculation. The men of
the West, where I inhabit, have been too much
disturbed by speculation. Individual enter-
prise has developed all the West, from the
Mississippi valley to the mountains and to my
own coast. \Vu have not sought the support
of organizations arranged in New York, which
is my own native State and of which I speak
with respect. All those things have been
achieved by individual enterprise, as they have
combined themselves; and companies organ-
ized here for speculative purposes have no right
to any such franchise or any such grant from
this Government. To pass such an act as this
would be an evil precedent. It should not be
incorporated in our laws. I speak to the main
question of the bill and to those who have con-
sidered what the office and business of legis-
lators is. Those who are ignorant should not
undertake to speak of countries which they
never inhabited and about which they know
nothing. Those who think should pause. There
are but few here—I know none but my col-
league and myself in this Senate Chamber and
the Senators from Nevada—who know anything
about the country concerning which it is now
proposed to legislate. I cannot account for
the bill except as a matter of personal specu-
lation against the policy of the country and
against its true interest.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I desire
to make one or two suggestions as to this bill
with a view of eliciting some information. My
attention has not been called to it until this
morning. I find that section two of the bill
provides that this company may acquire im-
mediate possession of this land by marking
the boundaries '' and publishing a description
thereof in any two newspapers of general cir-
culation in the said Territory."
Now, if I understand the meaning of that
section and of the other provisions of the bill,
it is that this company can proceed at once, as
soon as they mark their boundaries and publish
their description of these lands, to take posses-
sion of the lauds and hold them for two years
without taking any other step, and during that
time they may make anyu.se of thefQ lands they
see proper. They may cut off and convert the
timber to any use, and in every way appropri-
ate the lands contrary to the intendment of this
bill.
Mr. KTRKWOOD. Will the Senator read
the last section of the substitute?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know that that
changes particularly the effect of the second
section. I desire further to inquire—I think
it is desirable to know—who constitute this
New York and Montana Iron Mining _ and
Manufacturing Company. Is this one of tho
moonshine organizations that are so numerous
at the present day, or is it composed of solid,
substantial men? Do they mean business by
securing this grant? I do not know but that
the policy of the bill may be perfectly correct;
but before I vote to grant to any company con-
sisting of persons unknown to Congress twenty
sections of land, I desire to have more infor-
mation on the subject than I have at this time,
because by this grant we not only transfer this
land, which may be very valuable, but it also
becomes a precedent, as it occurs to my mind,
which we may be hereafter called upon to fol-
low, and in that respect it assumes an impor-
tance. I do not know that after I am further
advised upon the subject I shall oppose this
bill, but I should like to have more information
than I now have about the matter.
Mr. WADE. I know some of these corpo-
rators, and they are someof the wealthiest men
I know of; they have been engaged long in the
iron business. Mr. Ward, ot Detroit, is one,
