1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4139
Mr. YATES. Mr. President, I care not
whether the Secretary of the Senate or the
Sergeant-at-Arms makes the purchases. That
is entirely immaterial to me. Let it be done
as the law provides. Let either of these offi-
cers do it. All that I care about is, that in
this discussion any question should arise as to
the character or the integrity of the officer who
has made the purchases; and upon that ques-
tion I feel it to be my duty to bear my testi-
mony to the high character of the Sergeant-at-
Arms. I have known him myself for twenty-
five years. A man of more spotless integrity
and of a higher sense of honor does not live.
He possesses a character for integrity as high
as that of the gentleman from Iowa or any
other gentleman here.
I simply rose for the purpose of saying that
I care not who makes these purchases, but I
do not wish it to be inferred from the debate,
or from insinuations which hare been made,
that there can be any question as to the char-
acter for integrity of Mr. Brown. While I am
up, however, 1 will say that if we cannot trust
the Sergeant-at-Arms of the Senate, if wo can-
not trust the Secretary of the Senate, those
high officers of the body, and have no confi-
dence in their integrity in the management of
the affairs of the Senate and in the purchases
that are to be made for the Senate, shall wo
trust a man who is not an officer of the Sen-
ate ? Shall we go abroad for a purchasing agent?
Shall we throw suspicion upon the character of
those officers, and shall we intimate or insinu-
ate that they cannot be trusted in the purchase
of the articles which are necessary for the use
of the Senate? Sir, 1 consider the establish-
ment of a purchasing agent an imputation in
itself, especially when it is the duty of the offi-
cer now, whether it be the Secretary of the
Senate or the Sergeant-at-Arms, to purchase
these articles without additional expense to the
Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator permit, me
to suggest to him that the Sergeant-at-Arms
and the Secretary are not the only ones who
make pui chases ? There are three or four more.
Everybody makes purchases for us, almost.
Mr. YATES. I understand that. There are
ceitain particular qualifications which the pur-
chaser of these articles should possess. He
should be a business man, perhaps; but such
a man is always employed by the Secretary of
the Senate or by the Sergeant-at-Arms in mak-
ing these purchases. He is simply a superin-
tendent, of this matter. Now, sir, an intimation
or an insinuation may do a good deal of harm,
as, for instance, that the Sergeant-at-Arms has
purchased forty hair-brushes.
Mr. GRIMES. I said there had been pur-
chased by four different parties about ninety.
There were four different bills presented to us,
running through the same months.
Mr. YATES. About ninety hair-brushes.
That may seem very extravagant at first blush;
and yet when we consider that every committee-
room must be supplied, oroughtto be supplied
with a hair-brush, that the ante-rooms should
be supplied with hair-brushes, that the bath-
rooms should be supplied with hair-brushes,
the office of the Sergeant-at-Arms, the post
office and barber shop, &c., it will he seen that
such an intimation may convey to the public
mind an idea that there has been gross extrav-
agance and a wasteful expenditure of the money
of the people, when the officer has simply been
discharging his duty faithfully, and buying no
more articles than were necessary to the use
of the various departments of the Senate.
For these and many other reasons, sir, I pre-
fer the bill of the Senator from Ohio. I sim-
ply rose, however, to say here that the character
of George T. Brown is above suspicion; that
ho is a man who sustains a high character and
has a large influence in the State from which he
comes: and I felt it my duty to say this much in
his vindication, provided these charges are to
be considered as assaults upon him.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe that this amend-
ment is proposed on the miscellaneous appro-
priation bill, which has been lost sight of to
some extent.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The pend-
ing question is on an amendment to an amend-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one long bill
offered as an amendment_to the miscellaneous
appropriation bill, and then another long bill
offered as an amendment to that amendment.
Now, sir, it is very important if we intend to
pass the miscellaneous appropriation bill that
it should be passed to-night. All the numer-
ous amendments that have been acted upon by
the Senate for several days past must be acted
on in the House to-jnorrow or the next day.
We adjourn on Saturday at noon. It is mani-
fest, therefore, that this discussion ought to
come to an end. My opinion is that neither
of these bills ought to be attached to the ap-
propriation bill, and that several other amend-
ments put upon it ought to be stricken off in
the Senate, so that this bill may be stripped a
little and sent to the House of Representatives.
I hope that we may now have a vote on this
question, and that wo may be able to pass the
bill to-night. I am told by members of the
House that the number of members is decreas-
ing, and there may be a possibility of being
without a quorum in the last stages of the ses-
sion, a contingency that has happened several
times. I hope, therefore, we may get through
with the bill to-night.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say, some-
what in the same line of remark with the Sen-
ator from Ohio, that if the bill which has been
reported hy the special committee in regard to
the Senate employ6s is put on this miscella-
neous appropriation bill as an amendment, I
shall feel it to be my duty as the chairman of
the special committee, on the subject of the
reorganization of the Interior Department to
move the bill reported by that committee as
an amendment. It is just as necessary that
that should go in as this, indeed more neces-
sary, if this kind of legislation is to be attached
to the appropriation bills at the close of the
session. I confess, for one, that I am entirely
opposed to that mode of proceeding; I do not
think it is right. These matters ought to be
determined upon bills appropriately consid-
ered by themselves.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to say for the
Committee on Contingent Expenses that we
examined this measure with a great deal of
care ; we have presented it to the Senate ; and
if it is not adopted here it will not be adopted
at all. I have nothing to do with any fight as
to the character of Mr. Brown or any other
officer. As a member of the Committee on
Contingent Expenses I ask the Senate to dis-
charge that committee from any further duty
unless you adopt such laws that wo can com-
pel the officers to make reports to us so that
we can know what we are doing, because I
confess to the Senate that I do not know how
your contingent fund is expended to-day.
The Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] pro-
poses an increase in the officers that the Com-
mittee on Contingent Expenses is not willing
to grant; it is too large. He proposes to
grant from fifteen to twenty per cent., more
than we allow. His colleague [Mr, Sherman]
says " Let us get rid of this thing." Does he
not know that the House of Representatives
have sent hereanotherappropriation bill, which
his Committee on Finance have been consid-
ering, in which they propose to pay all their
clerks and employes twenty per cent, addi-
tional; and it will make no difference if that
committee reports against it? Do you not
know that the House of Representatives have
increased the pay of their clerks and have been
paying a large increase during the whole ses-
sion, much beyond what we are paying here ?
You had the same controversy afewyearsago ;
and in order to prevent the House from doing
such things the Finance Committee secured the
insertion, a year or two ago, of a clause in one
of the appropriation bills, declaring that no
amount should be drawn from the contingent
fund of the House in order to pay their clerks.
Now, what have the House done? They pay
their clerks whatever they choose, not from'the
contingent fund but from the salary fund.
Mr. SHERMAN. They cannot do it.
Mr. HENDERSON. It has been done, and
you cannot get the money back.
Mr. SHERMAN. But they now see the
difficulty they are in: the accounting officers
will not pass the accounts, and they ask na to
make an appropriation.
Mr. HENDERSON. That very difficulty
came 'up here onee before, and the Senator
knows very well, as I do, that the Senate had"
to yield.
Mr. TRUMBULL. And the Senator from
Ohio recommended that we should yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir, never. I would
never have yielded on that matter until the
Capitol crumbled.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I knew the Senate gave
it up ; I thought the Senator from Ohio had
proposed to do so.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir!
Mr. HENDERSON. The Capitol will crum-
ble unless you agree to what the House has
done, for you cannot get back the money from
these men. Look at the compensation allowed
to the House clerks. The chief clerk, whose
pay by law is $2,100, has been receiving all
the session at the rate of $3,000 ; the Journal
clerk, whose legal salary is $2,500, they have
been paying $3,'200 ; the reading clerk, whose
legal salary is ยง2,100, they have been paying
$2,500 ; his assistant, who is entitled to ยง1,800
by law, they have been allowing $2,500; the
tally clerk, whose legal allowance is $2,160,
they have been paying $2,500 ; the assistant dis-
bursing clerk, whose legal compensation is
$1,800, they allow $2,500 ; and so on through
the list which 1 have in my hand, certified by
the Clerk of the House of Representatives.
The Senator from Ohio knows ho cannot get
back that money paid to messengers and pages
and others by the other House. Now, this
proposition is not to make the salaries of the
officers of our branch of Congress equal to
theirs, but to elevate them somewhat, leav-
ing a section for the House employes blank,
for the House to fill up.
Mr. WADE. I wish to inquire of the Sena-
tor from Missouri, upon what principles does
he increase the salaries? What percentage
does he add?
Mr. HENDERSON. We did not adopt a
percentage.
Mr. WADE. I have not compared the bills,
but your compensation is as large as mine.
Mr. HENDERSON. Not by any means.
Mr. WADE 1 have not compared them,
but 1 understood it to be so.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have compared them.
Mr. WADE. What principle do you adopt?
Mr. HENDERSON. Here is the chief
clerk, Mr. McDonald, whose services I know
are worth all that the Senator proposes to give
him; he puts it at $3,200 ; we put it at $3,000.
He jiUts the principal legislative clerkat$3,000;
we put it at $2,500. He puts the principal ex-
ecutive clerk at $3,100; we put it at $2,500,
which is a difference, of course, of $600. He
gives to the Secretary of the Senate nine clerks;
we give him eight. He puts their compensa-
tion at $2,500 ; we put it at $2,200. That is
the difference, and it runs clear through the
bills.
Mr. WADE. That ninth clerk was because
there had been a temporary clerk all the time,
and we supposed he might as well be made per-
manent.
Mr. HENDERSON. Iamnotgoingtotake
up the time of the Senate. The House of Rep-
resentatives have increased the pay of their
clerks and we propose to increase ours, not so
much as the House, but to give such compen-
sation as we think ought to he paid to our
clerks. It is a very reasonable compensation,
and I am willing to grant it. Our bill is care-
fully prepared on that subject, because wo had
the officers of the two bodies before us, and
