196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
choose to do it. There are some committees j
that have so much business that it would be i
very inconvenient for them to be without clerks, j
while there are other committees. I presume, j
that might, with great personal sacrifice on the j
part of the members, but with such sacrifice |
as their patriotism would cheerfully make, dis- 1
pense with a clerk. I move the previous ques-
tion on my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move that the whole sub-
ject be laid on the table.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to ;
there being, on a division—ayes 70, noes 18.
So the whole subject was laid on the table.
pennsylvania contested election.
Mr. DAWES, by -unanimous consent, pre-
sented additional papers relative to the con-
tested election in the sixteenth district of Penn-
sylvania ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee of Elections.
united status pay department.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill concerning the pay depart-
ment of the United States Army: which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fobxet,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed, without amendment, a bill and a joint
resolution of the House, of the following titles:
Joint resolution (II. It. No. 28) in relation
to the Industrial Exposition at Paris, Franco ;
and
An act (II. R. No. 58) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint assistant as-
sessors of internal revenue.
grant of land to iowa.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, by unanimous eon-
sent, introduced a bill to amend an act entitled
"An act making a grant of lands to the State
of Iowa to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State,'' approved May 12, 180i: which
wa3 read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
habeas corpus.
Mr. WELTvER, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an act entitled ''An
act relating to the habeas corpus, and regulating
judicial proceedings in certain cases," approved
March 3, 1803 ; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
utaii.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
licsohcd, That the Committee on Territories are
hereby instructed to inquire into the expediency of
reporting a bill to provide for the repeal of the law
organizing the Territory of Utah, anil for dividing
said Territory, and atiaching a portion theieof to the
Territory of Nevada, and the lepiduo thereof to the
Territories lyiu^ contiguous to thoTerritory of Utah.
additional tax on cotton.
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill tu impose an additional tax
upon cotton; -which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means.
chester, pennsylvania.
Mr. BROOMALL. by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill, making appropriation for the
improvement of the haibor of Chester, Penn-
sylvania; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
sarah witt.
Mr. JULIAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Sarah AVitt; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
eastern district of new york.
Mr. J. HUMPHREY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to regulate the terms of the
United States courts in the eastern district of
New York, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
suffrage in ti1e district of columbia.
The House then resumed the consideration
of the special order, being the bill reported
from the Committee on the J udiciary (II. R.
No. 1) extending the right of suffrage in the
District of Columbia ; on which the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] was entitled
to the iloor.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, in theremarks
which I intend to submit to the House upon the
consideration of this most important question,
I shall endeavor to confine myself strictly to
the subject under consideration; nor will I at-
tempt, as has been done by the honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ivelley,] to
throw any charge of disloyalty or insult into
the face of those who disagree with mo upon
the great political questions which for four
years have agitated the people of this country.
From the foundation almost of the world, at
least for thousands of years, men have dis-
agreed upon political and religious subjects;
and it appears to me that it shows a great want
of courtesy upon the part of those who are
opposed to the views of this side of the House
on questions of policy which interest the coun-
try to charge them with being secessionists and
rebel sympathizers.
I think that the history of the country for tlie
last four years, and of the party to which I have
belonged all my life, will show, notwithstanding
the charges which have been made, that no
purer and nobler patriotism has been exhibited
by any class of people than by those who belong-
to the party opposed to the party now in power.
And I am willing to accord to those who are
advocating this extreme and radical change in
the social status of the people of this country
with being influenced by convictions of right
and conscientious duty. I am not here to charge
them with an attempt to interfere with the in-
terests of the country knowingly: but I am here
to say to the conservative men who have not
followed in the radical footsteps of the leadeis
of the Republican party that it is time, now when
peace has resumed its functions, that that party
should stop and think before they make such
a radical change in the political status of the
people.
I hold that there never has been, in the legis-
lation of the United States, abill which involved
so momentous consequences as that now under
consideration, because nowhere in the history
of this country, from tlie time that the first
reins of party strife were drawn over the land,
was any political party ever known to advocate,
the doctrine now advocated by a portion of the
party on the other side of this House, oxcept
within the last year and during the heat and strife
of battle in the land. The wisdom of ages, for
more than five thousand years, and the most
enlightened Governments that ever existed upon
the face of the earth have handed down to us
that grand principle that all Governments of a
civilized character have been and were intended
especially for the benefit of white men and white
women, and not for those who belong to the
negro, Indian, or mulatto race.
When the Declaration of Independence was
made there were thirteen colonies which joined
in the formation of it. lit every one of those
colonies were negroes, -who were not entitled to
exercise the political privileges allowed to the
white people.
In every one of those colonies slavery ex-
isted when the Declaration of Independence was
made, and in all but Massachusetts when the
Constitution of the United States was framed.
When the honorable gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Kelley] undertakes to plant himself
upon the footstool of our fathers, he plants him-
self upon the doctrine, as enunciated by the Su-
preme Court of the United States, as under-
| stood by our fathers at the formation of the
I Declaration of Independence and of the Con-
■ station of the United States, that no persons
I in this country at that time were considered as
1 citizens but the white race,
Mr. KELLEY. I do not know whether I un-
derstand the gentleman ; but does lie affirm that
tlie Supreme Court of the United States has
ever said that nobody but white people were
citizens when the Constitution of the United
States was adopted?
Mr. ROGERS. I do say that at the time the
Constitution of the United States was adopted
nobody was included within the general term,
people or citizens, except white people, and that
they were the only sovereigns. I say that it
has been solemnly decided by the Supreme
Court of the United States, in one of the most
celebrated cases that ever came under the cog-
nizance of that court, that at the time the Con-
stitution was framed nobody was included within
the term people or citizen but white people, and
that the Government was made solely and alone
for white men and white women, and not for
the colored race at all.
- Air. KELLEY. I hope the gentleman will
not deem me guilty of impropriety if I ask him
to name the case in which such a decision was
nitidc
Mr. ROGERS. I have the case. It is the
Dred Scott decision, in which that very ques-
tion was raised, and where, after mature deliber-
ation, the Supreme Court of the United States,
on the bench of which sat the greatest lights of
American jurisprudence that have sat there
either before or since, decided that black men
were not included, nor was it intended by the
framers of the Declaration of Independence,
when they declared ''all men equal and enti-
tled to certain inalienable rights, among which
are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness,"
to include in that declaration the African race
that existed on this continent at that time, or
who had been imported as slaves from the
shores of Africa and placed among us.
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman will pardon
merbnt as he appealed to me by name, I desire
to put another question; and that is, whether
he ever heard of the distinction between the
dictum of a judge and the decision of a court?
Sir. ROGERS. I have.
Mr. KELLEY. Will he, then, point out the
facts which raised that question before the
court, or the language in which it was decided?
My recollection is that, falsifying all history,
one of the judges of that court asserted what
the gentleman now announces as the decision
of the court. And I affirm that when the Con-
stitution was adopted the free colored men of
New Jersey, and of all the States adjoining it,
and of all the. States in the Union save -South
Carolina, with, as I said yesterday, the possi-
ble exception of Delaware and Virginia, in
which suffrage was regulated by statutory and
not constitutional provisions, were citizens, and
did vote for delegates to the Convention that
framed the Constitution, and also upon the ques-
tion of its adoption. And I challenge any legal
decision or any historical work to contradict
the assertion I have made.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr, Speaker, I do contra-
dict, the assertion of the honorable gentleman,
and I will prove it by reference to the case. If
the gentleman will look over the opinion of
every judge that delivered an opinion in that
case, he will find that not one of them dissented
from that doctrine. And there is nowhere in
any of those opinions any such ground taken
as that taken by gentlemen here, that when
those men framed the Declaration of Independ-
ence they meant to declare that they were
going to enter into a war with Great Britain for
the purpose of setflingthe rights of the African
race as it existed in this country at that time.
The object of ihe war of the Revolution was to
proclaim liberty to the white people of the coun-
try. They were the people who assembled in
the Hall of Independence and pronounced that
great axiom of human liberty, when they de-
clared that they would destroy the power of
Great Britain over them, and that, because of
tjj£ tyranny which that country attempted to
exercise over them, they would be free. They
are the ones who fought the battles of the Rev-
olution, who followed in the footsteps of Wash-
ington and the other great generals who led the
