1866.
THE (XmGRESSIO^AL GLOBB.
-r^
heroes and sages of tlie Revolution; they are
the ones who have put down this rebellion—
this mighty, gigantic -rebellion—which for the
last four and a half years has swept over this
land, and they are those who perpetuated and
handed down to posterity unimpaired this bright
heritage of liberty to the white race, for which
the blood of our fathers was spilled on the bat-
tle-fields of the Revolution.
I refer now to the decision to which the gen-
tleman calls my attention, although it is earlier
in my -argument than I intended to allude to it.
Here is the opinion of the court 5 it is found in
19 Howard, page 406:
" The question then arises, whether the provisions
of the Constitution, in relation to the personal rights
and privileges to which the citizens of a State should
be entitled, embraced tho negro African race at that
time in this countr5\ or who might afterward be im-
ported, who had then or should atterward be made free
in any State, and to put it in the power of a single
Stato to make him a citizen of the United States,
and endue him with the full rights of citizenship in
every other State without their consent. Does the
Constitution of tho United States act upon him when-
ever ho shall be made free under the laws of a State,
and raised there to the rank of a citizen, and immedi-
ately clothe him with all the privileges of a citizen in
every otherState,and,initsown courts?" * * * *
"It is true, every person and every class and descrip-
tion of persons, who were at the time of the adoption
of the Constitution recognized as citizens in the sev-
eral States became also citizcns of this new political
body, but none other; it was tormcd by them, and for
them and their posteiity, but for no one else. And
the personal rights and privileges guarantied to citi-
zens of this new sovereignty were intended to embrace
those only who were then members of the several
State communities, or who should afterward, by birth-
right or otherwise, become members, according to tho
provisions of the Constitution and the principles on
which it was founded. It was 1ho union of those who
were at that time members of distinct and separate
political communities into one political family,whose
power, for ccrtain specified purposes, was to extend
over tho wholo territory of the United States. And
it gave to each citizcn rights and privileges outside of
his Stato which he did not before possess, and placed
him in every other State upon aperfoct equality with
its own citizens sis to rights of person and rights of
property: it made him a citizen of the United States.
"It becomes necessary, therefore, to determine who
wero citizens of the several States when the Constitu-
tion was adopted. And in order to do this, we must
recur to the governments and institutions of the thir-
teen colonioswhon they separated from Great "Britain.
and formed new sovereignties and took their places in
the family of independent nations. We iTmstinquire
who, at that time, wero rocognized as the people or
citizens of a Si ate whose rights and liberties had been
outraged by the English Government, and who de-
clared their independence and assumed the powers of
government to defend their rights by force of arms.
"In the opinion of the court, the legislation and
histories of the times, and the language u^ed in the
Declaration of Independence, show that neither the
class of persons who had been imported as slaves, nor
their descendants, whether they had become free or
not, were then acknowledged as apart of the people,
nor intended to be included in the general words used
in that memorable instrument."
Mr. KELLEY. As the quotation which the
gentleman has just read begins, "the question
then arises." I propose simply to ask him
whether that question arose in the case or in
the necessity and progress of tho elaborate dis-
cussion in which Judge Taney buiied the vital
question of the case.
Mr. ROGERS. It did arise in the case. It
was the main question. It was to settle whether
I)red Scott was a citizen, and whether he had
been absolved from the chains of slavery which
had been placed upon him by reason of the new
location he had acquired. It was to settle the
identical point, the very question, of the status
of persons of color—whether, according to
the Constitution of the United States, or even
according to the terms of the Declaration of
Independence, as understood by its spirit and
intent, these_ persons were or had been in-
tended to be included within the people or the
sovereign jiower of any of the States or of the
Federal Union.
Mr. KELLEY. In order to exhibit to the
House and to the gentleman himself how thor-
oughly he misapprehends the decision he is
discussing, I ask him if he will have the kind-
ness to state what tho court decided in that
case. That will settle the whole question.
Mr. ROGERS. The court decided—and
I doubt not every intelligent man has read
the decision—that Dred Scott was not a^citi-
zen of the United States, nor of the Slate; that
he was not included within the terms citizen or
people either by the letter or spirit of the Con-
stitution of the United States; that he was not one
who could participate in the sovereign power
of the State ; that he had no political status in
the State or United States; and that, therefore,
he, by no act of his own in locating himself in
any place, could become a free citizen and en-
titled to prosecute in the courts of the United
States or of any. State.
Mr. KELLEY. Withthegentlcman'sleave,
as he will not announce what the court decided,
I will. It decided that it had no jurisdiction
over the casebefore it and turned it out of court,
thus proclaiming, .by its own solemn decision,
that the long tirade of misrepresentation of his-
torical facts which the gentlpman has just read
was outside of the case, and had no judicial
value. That was what if decided.
Mr. ROGERS. I understand the theory of
the gentleman with regard to the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States. I
understand the sanctity that has been given to
those decisions by the radical portion of the
party to which he belongs; that when the Su-
preme Court condescends to bow its knee to
radicalism and decide cases in their favor, it is
law, but when they proclaim to the country,
in pursuance of their oath of office and the high
dignity of their station, what is the law accord-
ing to tho Constitution of tho United States,
they are then branded as usurpers, secessionists,
and tyrants, and their decision is entitled to no
consideration. I am here to defend the laws of
the country, to defend this decision, although it
may militate against the opinions of the radical
portion of those opposed to me in polities, as
the decision of the highest tribunal of the Uni-
ted States of America, and as one that sustains
that great principle of American jurisprudence
that the people of the country must stand by
and obey the decision of the Supreme Court
until that decision is ove rcome by some authority
of equal power and importance.
Mr. KELLEY. One moment, and I will
promise to interrupt (he gentleman no further
upon this point. Tho gentleman is slightly
mistaken. The Republican party of the coun-
try stands by that decision till it shall be re-
versed. I have never heard a member of it
deny that tho court decided that it had no juris-
diction in the ease. The assault upon the de-
cision conies from those members of the other
party who urge that though it had no jurisdic-
tion it did decide the inlamous dogmas which
they accept as their creed.
Mr. ROGERS. The ease decided that the
person, Dred Scott, was not within the juris-
diction and powers of the court, for the reason
given, and which lay at the very foundation of
the question of jurisdiction, that he was not a
citizen of the United States, and was in no con-
dition, according to the laws of this country, to
put himself in the place of an actor in a court of
justice. 1 stand here to-day to affirm, without
fear of contradiction, that that decision is the
supreme law; and I defy any man to point to the
opinion of any single judge, in that case, (as I
hare frequently had my attention drawn to this
point,) who dissented from the opinion of the
court, as I have read it, upon the status of the
colored race at the formation of the Constitution
of the United States.
And now, while upon this subject, I proceed
further to review the radical notions which the
gentleman has attempted to get adopted by this
House, with regard to what the framers of the
Declaration of independence meant when they
made that immortal instrument. Those framers
appealed to the civilized world, and enunciated
the reasons which they assigned for making the
assertion that all men were born equal, with
certain inalienable rights, among which were
life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.
Now, if tho theory of the" gentleman be true,
that the negro race, the Africans in this coun-
try who were then in slavery, were included in
the word "people," then the Declaration of
Independence was a falsehood and a fraud; and
it appealed to the people of the civilized world
upon a false ground when it asked for their
sympathy and consideration, when at that very
time thousands of negroes were held in slavery
and had no liberty. I am not willing-tp
that the sages and heroesiof the Revjoltttioii; life
men who were covered with its glories,' who
assembled in the old Hall of Independence aXd
formed the Constitution of the United States,
were so base as to proclaim that all men were
entitled to certain inalienable rights, among
African man and woman in' the bonds <?f sla-
very, ' •' ' '
Now let us see what the Supreme Couyt.
about this Declaration of Independence: - .
"Tho language of the Declaration of Independence
is equally conclusive.
"It begins by d eel aring that' when in the course of
human events it becomes necessary for one people to
dissolve the politieal bands which have comwjoted
them with another, and to assume among the Powers
oftheearththe separate and equal station to which tho
Iawsof nature andof nature's (iod entitle them, ade-
ccnt respect to the opinions of mankind requires that
they should declare the causes which impel them-to the
separation^
" It then proceeds to say: 'We hold these truths to
bo self-evident: that all men are created equal; that
they are endowed by their Creator with certain in%-
licnablerights; that among these are life, liberty, and
tho pursuit of happiness; that to secure these rights.
Governments are instituted amongmen, deriving their
j ust powers from the consent of those governed.
" The general words above quoted would seem to
embrace tho whole human family, and if they were
used in a similar instrument at tins day would he so
understood. But itis too clear fordispute that the Afri-
can race were not intended to bo included, and formed
no part of the people who framed and adopted this
Declaration; for if thelanguage, as understood in that
day, would embrace them, tho conduct of the distin-
guished men who framed tho Declaration oflndepend-
enee would havo been utterly and flagrantly incon-
sistent with tho principles they asserted ; and instead
of the sympathy of mankind, to which they so confi- -
dently appealed, they would have deserved and re-
ceived universal rebuke and reprobation.
"Yetthe men who framed this Declaration were
great men—high in literary acquirements, highmiheir
sense of honor, and incapable of asserting principles in-
consistent with those on which they were acting'.' They
perfeetlyunderstood the moaning of tho language they
used and how it would be understood by others; ana
they knew that it would not in any part of tho civil-
ized world be supposed to embrace the negro race,
which by common consent had been excluded from
civilized Governments and the family of nations
and doomed to Klavciy. They ppokc and acted ac-
cording to the then established doctrines and princi-
ples, a nd in tho ordinary language of the day, and no
one misunderstood them. The unhappy black race
wero separated from tho white by indelible marks
and laws long beforo established, and were never
thought of or spoken of except as property and when,
tho claims of tneownoror theprofitoi'the'traderwere
supposed to need protection."
This decision refutes the whole idea which
has been advocated by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kulley] when lie says
that he stands upon th e ground of Madison and
Jefferson. T want to refer him to James Madi-
son, as one of the fathers of the Democratic
party. He was the man who wrote the mem-
orable resolutions of Virginia of 1798. He ia
the man who proclaimed to the world at that
time that the acts of the .lohn Adams adminis-
tration were violative of the rights of the States
and tended to imperial despotism and central-
ization of power; who announced to the world
that the centralization and consolidation of
pcKver in the Federal Government were sapping
the liberties of the people ; and at the very next
election contested, upon the principles of those
resolutions, the Adams or Federal party was re-
moved from power and the great Democratic
party was inaugurated by the election of Thomas
Jefferson, which party carried on the Govern-
ment in domestic peace and happiness for
twenty-four years without interruption.
I do not want such men as the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. IvEiXEY]to
defile the graves of the men who stood by their
country in the hour of its peril, who planted the
first flag of freedom on this continent. It is
a slander upon the proud record of Madison
to charge him with advocating the doctrines of
radicalism, as enunciated by the honorable gen-
tleman upon this floor, when tho record and
history of that man and this country, as known
to every honorable gentleman here, show that
there is no foundation for such an assertion.
Why, sir,'we have been charged with being
secessionists and sympathizers with treason
for advocating these very resolutions which
James Madison drafted, advocated, and carried
