2222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
apiece on each vessel. That is the report on
each of these vessels which were delayed thus
by their own insufficiency in preparation for
the work. If a man who is unskilled in work
undertakes to do it, and binds himself to do it,
who is (0 suffer for it? That was exactly this
case; and now I want to ask the Senator from
Indiana whether he thinks that men who had
not the ability to do the work, and who found
it difficult, whose shop was not fit for it—they
had not been used to Duilding marine engines,
they had been used to building locomotives—I
want to ask him whether, ivhen such men un-
dertake work of that kind, for which they are
not fitted and for which they are not prepared,
the Government ought to pay all the extra
expense they are put to by such unskillfulness
and want of preparation? They do not say a
word about the engines being heavier, that I
remember, and yet they may. 1 will look and
see ; they go on to state :
"Thatthemachinery for both vessels cost $222,606 79;
that the bills for extra work still unpaid arc $1,219 37
■—total cost, S223.826 16; that the contract prior, was,
for both vessels, $161,000; leaving a balance, the excess
of cost to them over antl above the contract (nice,
inel udins amoun t claimcd for exti a bills, ofS59,82616."
Resulting, as they say, from the difficult
character of the work, from their not being
prepared for it in their shops, because they
had not been used to building marine engines,
but to building locomotives, and because they
could not get labor and materials. That is the
statement they make themselves; and what is
worse than all this, when they ask you to pay
16 extra, they go on to say:
"That there is no chaiTo in this bill for proportion
of general expenses in running the works, whieb is
estimated to be twelve and a half oil the wholo
amount, -which is a minimum charge, amounting in
nil to 826,71.^HI, which they claim as a part of tho
actual cost of the vessels' machinery."
They sustained a loss on tho contracts of
111 on the two engines, and thou they
wanted S2ti,712 fcl as interest on their tools,
which they say were not fitted for such work,
and which delayed the work; and this board
actually allowed them $21,0-11 36 for interest
on these tools which were not fit for the work,
and swelled the whole amount of allowance up
to over eighty thousand dollars. This board
report for these two vessels completed in that
way about ninety-seven thousand dollars extra.
They report on each of the hulls $8,010 77,
and on each of the engines $40,433 73 to these
men who undertook work which they could
not, perform, for which they were not pre-
pared, and which they delayed the Govern-
ment, in getting, one of them within four days
of a whole year, when the Government wanted
the work
Now. I want, to ask the Senator a question,
lie says that when a general fights a battle and
wins a victory, we vote liiin thanks. I)o we
vote thanks to that commander who is ten
miles behind and does not get up into line?
Most of these men were a year behind and did
not begin to form in line at the time they said
they would, deprived the Government of tho
use of the vessels all (he time they were so
hanging back. The price was going up and
enhancing, and fhey ask tho Government to
pay that enhanced price which arose from their
own delay. That is the statement of the ease.
I ask the Senator from Indiana if he is in favor
of paving the two men who built these two
engines. Did not the Government do all for
them that the Government ought to do when
they took these engines off their hands, nearly
a year afterward, and paid them the full price
under the contract? If the Government had
said to these men. "You have been delaying
this work; we have suffered for the want of
these engines; you agreed to furnish them at
a certain time, but you did not furnish them;
we must deduct so much from your pay:" what
could these men have said? What would an
individual have said in a case of that kind?
Suppose one individual had contracted with
another to furnish him a marine engine on a
given day, and he did not furnish it until a
year after, and that man had been losing all
his trade and business bv the want of that
engine, what would an individual have said?
He would have recovered damages, and he
would have been entitled to damages. He
would have recovered damages such as he could
have shown in any court. But the Govern-
ment did not say that; the Government did
not say to these men, '! We must have damages
from you for not fulfilling this contract;" the
Government went forward liberally, at the end
of the time, took the engines, and paid the men
the money. Now they are not satisfied. They
come in here and say, " We must have more;
it is very true we delayed you ; it is very true
in the case of the Agawam we were two hun-
dred and twenty-three days behind; it is very
true in the other case of the Pontoosuc that
v/e were three hundred and sixty-one days
behind; but the Government ought to be gen-
erous. " I agree the Government should be
liberal; but when men come into the Congress
of the United States and ask the Government
to bo generous, they should show that they per-
formed good service for the Government. The
bill is now in a better situation than it was
some days ago; but if we give these men what
this bill provides, twelve per cent., we shall
pay them over nineteen thousand dollars for
delaying work in that way, for delaying work
by their own unskillfulness, for delaying work
which they could not accomplish for the want
of proper experience, for delaying work for
want of proper shops and tools; and they knew
when they undertook that, work just what their
shops and tools were fitted for, and thev knew
that their experience had been in locomotives
and not in marine engines.
Now, Mr. President, if it could be shown on
the part of these contractors that they under-
took this work unwillingly, that tho Govern-
ment came to them and besought them to take
up this work, that they objected to it,, that they
stated to the Government they were not used
to doing it, that, their tools were not prepared
for it, that their shop was not fitted for it. that
they had doubts whether they could carry it
through in the time stated, and that the Gov-
ernment then urged them, and said, " We must
have this work from some quarter ; we will run
the risk, and you must undertake it and do the
best you can," that would have been one
tiling; but there is not a particle of proof of
anything of that kind. They do not suggest it.
These men were anxious to get these contracts ;
many of them were exceedingly anxious to get
them, some not so much so. When the per-
sons to whom the Senator has alluded took the
contracts the weight of the engines was speci-
fied and they knew what they had got to do. It
is true they undertook before that to build
them, and had gone on before they got the con-
tracts to commence their work; but they had
signed no contract, and if when the contract
'came and the specifications came, they found
the work heavier than they expected or agreed
to do. it. was easy to say, "Mr. Secretary of
the Navy, that is not, what I undertook ; you
represented to me that these engines were to
be of the weight of those of the Paul Jones ; I
cannot agree to do that," the objection would
have been considered ; but that is not this case
nor either of these cases which I am consider-
ing, for neither of these men allege that he
did not understand what the weight of the
engines was, nor does either of them allege
that it was heavier than he expected when he
undertook the contract.
1 come now to the case of tho Osceola, which
is found on pages 6 and 7 of the report of the
board:
"Appeared beforo tho board E. P. Tilden, of the
firm of Curtis A- Tilden, ship-builders and construct-
ors of the ^United States steamers Massasoit and
Osceola. Under oath states the whole amount of
cost of above vessels to have been $6.5,507 85; the
amount of extra work allowed and paid by bureau
57,310 57; tho amount of contracts $30,000; tho cost
of these vessels over and above the contract price
and altowanco paid for extia work to be S8,2o0 78,
That, the contract for the hull of the Massasoit
was dated September 10,1S62, and the vessel to bo
launched on January 14, 1863, (.one hundred and
twenty-six days.)"
I shall skip the Massasoit, as I believe I
made some observations on that the other day.
Very nearly the same time, it will be seen, was
allowed for building all these vessels.
"That the contract for the hull of the Osceola was
dated October 15,1862. and the vessel to be launched
on February 8, 1863, (one hundred and twenty-six
davs.) That the vessel was ready tor launching April
15, 1862, but was not launched until May 23, being
detained on tho ways—the bed-plates not being com-
pleted and putin the vessel by the engme-btulders."
Here is the same excuse, the same difficulty
—the engines were behind, the bed-plates were
not put in.
" That the vessel was delivered to the contractors
for steam machinery on May 23; that they were
allowed titty days, or until July 12, to erect on board
the engine, &c., but occupied until November 27,
1863."
Here was a delay of one hundred and thirty-
eight days beyond the stipulated time. They
were to have fifty days, and they took one hun-
dred and eighty-eight; nearly four times as
many. These contractors say :
"By the delay on the part of tho ongine-buildera
to complete the machinery, they [Curtis & Tilden]
were unable to complete the work on the two vessels
and rcceive the several payments as agreed upon in
their contracts, and also suffered pecuniary loss from
the great rise in labor and material during that
time."
That is, during the time they were delayed.
Mr. NYE. Let me ask the Senator from
New Hampshire one question, whether it was
not a fact that the engines and the hulls were
separate contracts. The engines constituted
one contract and the hulls another.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Then the man who built the hull
was not to blame.
Mr. CLARK. The man who built the hull,
if he performed his contract in time, would
not be to blame; and I do not know that in
this case the firm of Curtis & Tilden, though
they didnotgettheirvesseloff until two months
after,were to blame, because they were delayed
by the men who were to build the machinery
and put it in ; they were delayed for the want
of bed-plates. But the machine-builders un-
dertook to contract with the Government that
the machinery should be ready. This firm
made a contract that tho hull should be done
at a certain time, and the engines were to be
put in in so many days after. The hulls were
delayed by the engine-builders in not putting
in what should have been put in earlier, and
were then delayed by these same machine-
builders for a great lengthof time, four months
after the time allowed. The Senator says the
man who built the hull was not to blame; but
who was? The man who built the machinery ;
and yet you put the man who built the hull
and the man who built the machinery together,
and serve them both exactly alike. That it the
effect of your bill. Somebody is to blame. The
Government were defrauded of tins vessel—I
said defrauded, I mean deprived of the use cf
this vessel—about two hundred days by some-
body. By whom? By one or tho other; and
yet you propose to pay Loth. Now, if the man
who built the hull was not to blame, pay him
alone, but do not undertake to pay the man
who deprived him of tho power of putting his
work in the water and delivering it at the time
he agreed to do—the man who built the ma-
chinery. Now, will the Senator from Nevada
and the Senator from Indiana turn to page 17
and let us see about this machinery?
"Appeared beforo the board Oliver Edwards,
president of tho Atlantic Woiks, East Boston, on the
part of the company, contiactors for the machinery
of tue double-enders Sassaeus and Of cola. Under
oath states, that tho contract for the Osceola was
dated September 20,1862, and for thoSassacus, Octo-
ber 15,1862, in which they were all owed seven months,
or until Aprii, 1863, and May, 1863, to complete tho
machinery of said vessels and deliver them to the
(xorcrnment, but (he Sassacus was not so completed
and delivered until September, 1863, and tho Osceola
until -November, 1863."
And here the ivhole summer of 1863 passed
away, when these vessels should have been
operating in the southern Atlantic in the block-
ade, or elsewhere; the most favorable part of
the year passed away, and the vessels were
still delayed at the wharf for the want of
machinery; and yet this is not a liberal Gov-
ernment that will come forward and pay the
men what it agreed to pay after such a delay.
