3182
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
tkm is on the motion of the Senator from Maine
to postpone the present and all prior orders and
proceed with tho consideration of business
reported from the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
The question being put, there were, on a divis-
ion—ayes 8, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. HARRIS, [to Mr. Morrill.] You had
better withdraw your motion.
Mr. MORRILL. My_object was to get the
sense of the Senate, which we do not seem to
obtain; and with the understanding that the
honorable Senator will yield to the District
business if his joint resolution gives rise to
discussion, I will withdraw my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senate
cannot proceed at-present. There is no quorum
voting; and no business can be done until a
quorum appears.
Mr. TRUMBULL. To get out of the diffi-
culty, I suggest a recount. There is a quorum
in the Senate. I ask for a second division.
The question being again put, tho motion of
Mr. Morrill was not agreed to ; there being,
on a division—ayes 12, noes 13.
„ Mr. CONNESS subsequently submitted an
amendment intended to be proposed by him to
Senate bill No. 1)17; which was received in-
formally and ordered to be printed.
PARIS UNIVERSAL EXIIIBITfON.
Tho Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 52) to provide for the expenses
attending the exhibition of tho products of
industry of tho United States at the Exhibition
at Paris in 1807, tho pending question being
uijion the amendment of Mr. Harris, to insert
after line fifteen of the amendment reported
by tlm Committee ou Foreign Relations the
following woids:
Secondly, to provide additional accommodations
m the liiirli, $25,000 in coin.
Mr. CRIMES. We were informed yester-
day by the Senator from New York that this
appropriation was asked to erect a building in
Paris. Tho question is fairly and squarely pre-
sented to us, and I want to have the sense of
the Senate as to whether we have tho power,
and if we have the power, whether it is proper,
to make such an investment as that in real es-
tate in tho French empire. I therefoie ask
lor the yeas and nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Just before -the ad-
journment of the Senate yesterday, evening, I
rose to make an inquiry or two of tho Senator
from New York [Mr.' Harkix] who has this
resolution in charge. 1 understood from him,
and was surprised lo understand, thatlherules
which will govern this Exhibition are such as
to^ exeludo all the States acting as States of
this Union, and also citizens, from presenting
any articles for exhibition as citizens, and that
no authority or person of the United States
can be received except the Government, of the
United States. I want to inquire of theSenator
who established this regulation ; whet her it was
upon any consultation with the Government of
%ho United States ; whether in any way we ac-
quiesced m such an arrangement and under-
standing as that; whether it- is an arrange-
ment made by the Government of France,'or
whether it is an understanding agreed upon
among all the .European authorities? If wo
have not been consulted at all,.ii is rather a
singular proceeding; and if we have been con-
sulted and agreed to an arrangement which
excludes the States and citizens, and only al-
lows the country to be represented through
tho action of Congress, I am surprised that we
should have eotne to any such understanding, in
view of the fact that the authority of tho Gen-
eral Government to appropriate its money for
guch a purpose is, to say the least of it, very
questionable, I should like to know from tho
benator, by what authority these regulations
which exclude the States of this Union, which
arc very much more important than many of
tiie 'States of llio Gernmti confederacy, which
I understand are provided for in Mie Fair, have
been established.
Mr. HARRIS. The way I tfnderstand this
matter is, that in the spring of 1865 the Em-
peror of France issued a sort of decree or
proclamation invitingthe different Governments
of the world to unite in this great Exhibition.
This communication was made to the different
Governments, and among others to the Govern-
ment of the United States, and it is only that
Government that can be represented in this
Exhibition. Congress in January last accepted
that invitation according to the terms of the
proposition made by the Emperor of France.
We agreed that we would go into this Exhibi-
tion. No individual can be represented there
as an individual, and no State; but the Gov-
ernment'represents its citizens, and the Gov-
ernment of the United States must represent
the States. In conformity with the resolution
passed in January last a commissioner gen-
eral was appointed residing in France. For-
tunately, we have been able to secure the ser-
vices of a very valuable, intelligent, and
wealthy gentjeman residing there, who is ad-
mirably adapted for this duty, and that, too,
without compensation, who is taking care of
the interests of all the States, but in the name
of the General Government. So, {oo, the
General Government has appointed an agent
residing in tho city of New York, who is en-
gaged in receiving applications of producers,
inventors, and those who desire to take part
in this Exhibition, and who has received, to
use his own expression, an immense number
of applications to be represented there; but
all this is to be done through ttie Government,
as it is in all tlfe countries in the world. The
German States themselves are to be repre-
sented through their General Government, their
Zollverein, or whatever it is ; and so of all the
States. This is to be an Exhibition of Gov-
ernments, each presenting for itself the prod-
ucts of the industry and invention of its citi-
zens. That is the character of it. No individual
can go there. It is not like former Exhibitions
where everybody could go and throw together
as in a great warehouse their inventions and
productions, but each Government for itself
and by itself presents the productions and the
inventions of its own people. That is the
character of this Exhibition. In that respect
it is novel, unlike anything else that has ever
occurred in the world.
Mr. NYE. If this question were presented
to-day for the first time, I think I should be
opposed to the appropriation now asked for;
but it seems to mo we have gone so far, this
body itself has gone so far, that now it would
he impolitic and unwise to take any backward
steps. I think this Exhibition is more impor-
tant to this country than some of the Senators
who have spoken in opposition to the appro-
priation conceive it to be. Vast amounts of
money are expended in printing and publish-
ing through newspapers and pamphlets infor-
mation as to the products of one half of this
continent. One half of this continent is a min-
eral-producing, country. We are striving by
all means laudable to bring that fact promi-
nently to the knowledge of the world. We are
anxious to show, especially to tho Governments
of the earth that will be convened at this Ex-
hibition, that we have as a whole the richest
mineral-produ-cing country in the world. It is
important to the nation to establish that fact for
reasons which are so perfectly evident, that it is
hardly necessary to recount them. It is a truth
that we look to some of the nations that will be
theie_ convened for money upon loan, &c., to
sustain our credit. Establish the fact; show
them the minerals; show them the rock from
which this gold and silver is extracted; let
them see it with their own eyes, and it will do
more to establish the credit of this Govern-
ment than twenty agents sent out for the pur-
pose t.0 talk, write, or print.
It is important to this country in another
aspect, I believe that we have" the highest
order of mechanical genius that the world pro-
duces. I am not, at all afraid of the compari-
sons that will be instituted between the handi-
work of our mechanical skill and tll&t of any
or all the nations, there represented. I think
it is due to us in that aspect that this Exhibi-
tion should be attended by us as a nation; and
if we are to be there represented as a nation,
we should be represented with a becoming
munificence that pertains to_ the dignity and
character of this nation. If it is necessary to
construct a building for that purpose, I think
the nation ought to do it, and have as good a
one as there is there, and let the world see that,
notwithstanding our internal dissensions, we
have yet the vigor, the elasticity, the power,
the strength, to cope in any branch of industry
that will be there represented with any country
in the world. I think wo have gone so far that
we are committed on this subject; and if we are
to send our manufactures and our various arti-
cles there for exhibition, let them be so exhib-
ited as at least to do justice to the articles that
are there exhibited. Let it be done in that
spirit of enterprise which characterizes us.
Let us not cripple our manufactures or any-
thing that may be there represented for want
of ample space commensurate with the power
and dignity of this people. I hope, sir, that
these appropriations will be made.
The Senator from Iowa says that he doubts
the propriety of taxing our people for such a
purpose as this. . The propriety of many of our
acts may be doubted; but in my candid judg-
ment that class of people that bear the most
of the burdens of taxation will receive the
greatest benefit from this Exhibition. I want to
see the fact established there that we have the
best farming and agricultural implements in
the world. I want the fact established that
my friend frbm Rhode Island [Mr. Shiague]
can manufacture better -cotton cloth than they
can in Europe; and I want to give him the
chance to exhibit it. I want the mechanics
of the world to take notice that the machinery
made here, the skill of American industry, is
better than any other in tho world; and iu
order to do it I want to give the means of ex-
hibiting it on a fair, liberal, ample scale. Sir,
we ha've invited the individual enterprise of
the nation to go there by accepting the invi-
tation to attend this Exhibition, and the effect
upon that individual enterprise will be dis-
astrous if we stop whore we are, and do not
go forward and furnish the means for them to
exhibit the handiwork of their skill.
I hope my friend from Iowa will not con-
ceive the idea that under the pending amend-
ment we are going to purchase real estate at
Paris. It is simply proposed to rear a little
structure, temporary in its character, in which
to exhibit the handiwork of his countrymen
and mine; and when the Exhibition is over the
necessity for the structure thus to be reared will
cease. Our agents there will see that the lum-
ber is well sold, and that we shall be none the
poorer on account of it; but I do think as a
nation we shall be infinitely richer when this
Exhibition is held.
Mr. STEWART.* I understand that the
French Government propose to lay a tax on
any of our ar^cles exhibited there which may
happen to be sold in France after tlie Exhibi-
tion. I think that is rather a mean proceeding.
Mr. NYE. I am not going to discuss with
my colleague the follies or the wickedness of
the French Government. The time to discuss
that question was when wo accepted this invi-
tation. My colleague voted for it. Having
accepted the invitation to the feast, I trust we
shall not refuse to put on the garments appro-
priate to it. It seems to me that my friend
from Iowa is growing more and more econom-
ical every day. After accepting an invitation
to this world's dinner, he now undertakes to
prescribe the bill of fere. I insist upon it that
that is not right. If'we are to go there, as we
have agreed to do, let us go there as becomes
us. I do not care what mean things the French
Government have done or may do. Probably
on comparing notes we should not be far apart
on that subject; but we have agreed to go there.
Now, the question is whether we shall go as
