THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
Be cannot stand anything at all. I think I
have stood it quite respectably.
Mr. WADE. • Well, just quit talking and we
will all agree. [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. If you will be agreed
to what I propose, I will not only quit but 1
will engage to be good-natured for the rest of
the evening. [Laughter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the sugges-
tion of the Senator from Maine ought to be
respected by the Senate. I desire to see a bill
something like this pass, mainly to provide for
the very efficient chief clerk here, who does
the duties that are discharged in the House
of Representatives by three clerks. But an
appropriation bill ought to be an appropriation
bill; it ought not to be a legislative bill; and
although I am in favor of the bill of the Sena-
tor from Missouri, in its main features, I think
it ought not to be attached to an appropriation
bill. It ought to stand upon its merits; but
if anything of the kind is to be passed, I think
it is better than the bill uf the Senator from
Ohio, because it seems to be a well-considered
measure.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Missouri, to the amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
'The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is now on the amendment of the Senator
from Ohio, [Mr. Wade.]
Mr. WADE. I wish barely to say that if
we are to increase the compensation of these
employes, wo have got to take this measure or
they do not get anything more this session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The House employes
will not get anything more.
Mr. SPRAtiUE. I must offer the amend-
ment t proposed.
Mi. FESSENDEN and others. Offer il
in tin- Sen.i!c.
.Mi-. SPiJAGUE. On page 8, after line
tliii ty-cight, I move to insert:
The special or additional messengers of the Senate
no I pro\ ided for in this act small receive twenty-five
per cent, m addition to their present compensation.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Air. SPRAGUE. That ought to be adopted
if any.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Vote against the other.
The PRES11)1 NG OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment, of the Senator from Ohio.
ilr. WADE. 1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
■ Mr. liUCKALEW". I desire simply to state
that the House have put a proposition fo*. in-
creasing the pay of their oflicers upon the de-
ficiency bill which comes up after this; and if
this question is to be raised anywhere, it ought
to be there.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 1 !>, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Creswel 1. Howard, Howe,
Lane, McDouga.ll, Norton, Nye, Poland, Ramsey,
Kiddle, Stewart, Sumner,, Trumbull, Van "Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Williams, and Yates—19.
KAYS —Messtw. IJrown, Buekalew, Clark, Con-
ness, Cowan, Davis, lloolittle, Edmunds, Fesaendcn,
(Jrinies, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Morgan,
Nesmith, Pomeroy, Ross, Sherman, Sprague, and
Wilson—20.
AliKl'.NT — Messrs. Anthony, Cragin, Dixon, Fos-
ter, Fowler, Han is, Johnson, Kirkwood, Morrill,
S.aulsbury, anil Wright—11.
Ho the amendment was rejected.
Mr. POLAND. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to propose a single
amendment as an additional section:
Sue. —. And be it further enacted, That the solicitor
of the court for tile investigation of claims ascainst
the United States shall receive an annual salary of
$4,500. and the deputy solicitor of said court shall re-
ceive ail annual salary of S3,500, to be paid quarterly
from the Treasury of the United States out of any
money not otherwise appropiiated.
This matter came before the Committee on
the «J udiciary and was very carefully examined,
and wo reported a bill on the subject, which,
by direction of the committee, I was instructed
to propose as an amendment here. It raises
the salary of the solicitor $1,000 and the sal-
ary of the deputy solicitor $1,000. I think the
compensation is no more than they ought to
have.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADE. I offer this amendment, to
come in after lino one hundred and eighteen,
on page 8:
For compensation to the consul at Quebec, in Can-
ada, #1,500.
I am told that this item was omitted from
the consular and diplomatic bill by a bare mis-
take in the House; and they want it put on
here, as there is no other chance for it. It
ought to be done.
Sir. SUMNER. The Senator is right. A
gentleman on the part of the House intended
to have it inserted, but in making up the re-
port of the committee it did not appear on the
record of the House.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it for the salary of this
consul, fixed by law?
Mr. SUMNER. It is one of those consul-
ates that had $1,500 during the war, and the
salary has ceased.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is it reported from any
committee? It is not in pursuance of law.
Mr. SUMNER. No; it is not in execution
of any law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is not in order.
Mr. SUMNER. It is to correct a mistake
that was made. A gentleman on the part of
the House brought it to the Senator from Ohio
and myself, and said they wanted the mistake
remedied.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment is
clearly out of order. It is not recommended
by any committee, and it is not in pursuance
of any law or treaty stipulation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If that be
the case the amendment is not in order.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am instructed by the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia
to move the following amendment as an addi-
tional section :
And he it further enacted, That the sum of $8,000 is
hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treas-
ury not otherwise appropriated, for tile preservation
of the harbor of Provineetown, Massachusetts, the
same to be expended under the supervision of acom-
mihsion or board of officers to bo appointed by the
Secretary of War.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to know
how the Military Committee got jurisdiction
of that matter.
Mr. SPRAG [IE. It was referred to them by
petition from the Legislature of Massachusetts.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Military Committee?
Mr. SPRAGUE. Yes; and by them referred
to the Secretary of War; and I hold in my
hand his communication.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It should have gone
on the river and harbor bill. We cannot put
such items on this bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs referred this matter to me; but
when the river and harbor bill was considered
by the Senate I was necessarily absent, and I
have had this amendment in my desk ever
since.
The work is a very important one, one that
affects the whole New England coasting trade
in the same way that the Delaware breakwater
affects the southern coasting trade. This will
save the Government an immense sum of
money, which otherwise it will bo called on
hereafter to appropriate, for it is to preserve a
natural tongue of land from being washed by
the water, and thereby save us from the neces-
sity of very much larger appropriations.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It can well enough
stand over till the next session.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If it is in order, I hope
it will be put here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No ques-
tion of order is raised on the proposed amend-
ment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I send to the desk to be
read a communication from the engineer de-
partment on the subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, do not have that
long communication read. We take it for
granted that you state the facts correctly.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If you will let the amend-
ment go on the bill I shall not ask for the read-
ing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot let it go.
JVIr. SPRAGUE. Then 1 insist on the read-
ing of the letter.
The Secretary read as follows:
.Engineer Department,
Washington, February 13; 1866.
Sir: In relation to the resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Massachusetts in favor of an appropriation
for the preservation of the harbor of Provineetown,
&c., referred to this Department, I have to report that
this harbor is of much importance to the commerce
of the country, and particularly to our coasting trade. „
It bears the same relation to the northeastern trade
that the Delaware breakwater does to the South and
southwestern trade. It is a harbor of refuge, in which
numerous vessels seek shelter and find security dur-
ing adverse winds and gales in the passage around
Cape Cod.
Its importance is greater from being free from drift
ice and thoroughly land-locked. Asa natural harbor
it possesses all that lias been obtained at the cost of
nearly two million dollars in creating such a refuge
at the entrance of Delaware bay. Such is its impor-
tance and value to the commerce of die country.
Nature having provided it and the industry of our
country having lor years past greatly profited and
benefited by the security it affords, its preservation
and protection havo been and continue to be recom-
mended by this department to the fostering care of
the na tional authorities.
Its preservation is mainly for commercial interests.
To this end structures on the ocean side of the nar-
row neck of sand beach arc advisable to prevent the
ocean waves breaking across that neck and driving
the sands into parts of the harbor now resorted to
and valuable for thesmallcrclass of coasting vessels
as well as guarding against more enlarged encroach-
ments from the ocean, and contraction of this valued
natural roadstead.
The superintending engineer has presented an es-
timate for several operations that he considers expe-
dient and proper to be constructed, amounting to
§43,068 44.
There may be well-founded objections to apart of
the .system thus recommended. Until the subjeetis
more fully studied and examined in all its bearings
by some competent board that shall be ordered to
examine it, the department can only recommendan
appropriation lor protecting the encroachments of
the sea upon the narrow nock indicated on the plan
by the letters A. J], C; and for this purpose the sum
ofSS.OOO should suffice to do all that at this time is
advisable, pioliling by the experience gainedforsim-
ilar protection on the Atlantic side of Sandy Hook,
New York.
As a military site it is of importance as a harbor
for our vessels-of-war under all the varied circum-
stances of offense and defense of and from our Coast
by a floating force. It in possession of an enemy, the
harbor of Boston is sealed by blockade as long as a
superior floating force can occupy it. Whatever may
bo our naval force at times, it may be inferior to a
single as well as a combined naval European an-
tagonist. To preserve its use and value for puiposes
of peace and war, its a.nchorflge should be commanded
by permanent defenses on the land, mounting the
heaviest of artillery and a number ot the longest-
range mortars. When such artillery is mounted in
works susceptible of defense on the land as well as
from the water, it is believed that all the conditions
are fulfilled that the nature of the ease demands.
Tt is not considered that a railroad from Orleans to
Provineetown should be constructed by the United
States as a necessary element of efficiency in the de-
fense of this harbor. Whenever an enemy shall set
foot on shore to make an attack by land upon any
defensive work at Provineetown, the population in
his reai in the districts between Boston and Provi-
dence would render such an enterprise next to im-
practicable.
Respectfully, your obedient servant,
RICHAltD DELAFIELD, r
Brevet Major General,
Chief Engineer United States Army.
Hon. E. M. Stanton, Secretary of War.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reading of that
long document at this time of night is argu-
ment enough against the amendment. [Laugh-
ter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now offer the amendment
which I submitted this afternoon, but was laid
aside after the recess. It is to insert after line
two hundred and eighteen, on page 10:
_ For alight-house at (*rand Portage, mouth of Pigeon
river, Minnesota, $6,000, subject to the approval oftho
Liglit-IIouse Board as to the necessity of this light.
There is a short letter from the chief of the
Light-House Board than can be read. ["Oh,
no."]
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator told us the
appropriation had been made twice but they
had refused to expend the money.
Mr. RAMSEY. It lapsed into the Treasury
and was not spent on account of the war.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
