1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
2228
It. is not liberal to lose the use of your vessel
all the summer, and then in November pay for
it (he same as if you had had it originally ; but
it must be liberal to take it off the contractors'
hands and pay their bills.
" The principal causes of delay"—
This is their own statement; it is not anything
as to the weight of i he engine, but it is the delay
I am now complaining of—
"The principal causes of delay being the difficulty
of obtaining labor and niateiial, as the Government
was putting out so much work."
It was this very work that the Government
was putting out that those people undertook
to do, and undertook to do in a given time, for
a given price, and which they delayed to do,
and for which they received a full price, and
are now not satisfied. The company was re-
lieved by the Navy Department of the term of
the contract regarding the time of the comple-
tion of the machinery. They found that they
could not get along with it, and this Govern-
ment, that it is said should be liberal, was not
hard; it extended the time, and then they went
on; and they say "that it was finished as soon
as possible ; that the total cost of the machin-
ery for both vessels was $205,027 40." Here
was a small vessel, the contract price for build-
ing the hull of which was only $25,000, and
yet the price of one of these engines, as made
by the machine-builders when they got through,
was $102,513 8:5.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will state to the Sen-
ator that it is very evident that that is a mis-
take in (he printing of the report.
Mr. CLARK. Is not the record right?
Mr. HENDRICKS. There is a mistake in
printing.
Mr. CLARK. What should it bo ? -
Mr. HENDRICKS. They all cost the same
price. Eighry-two thousand dollars was the
contract price.
Mr. CLARK. They do not undertake to
say what was the contract price, but what was
the cost of building the engines. I am speak-
ing of the cost to the builder.
^ Mr. HENDRICKS. It ought to be $82,000.
That was the contract price ; and then the cost
beyond that was what it cost the contractor
above the contract price.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator will give his
attention to the report he will see that there
is no mistake here—"that the total cost, of
machinery for both vessels was $205,027 46."
That is what il cost the builders, as they say
"that (he contract price of bolh vessels paid
by the Government was $104,000."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not observing
the report there. The mistake that I alluded
to is in another case, where the cost is printed
as being $50,000, when it should evidently be
$150,000. This is correctly printed.
Mr. CLARK. I thought there were some
mistakes in the report, but I am not mistaken
here. This is correct. The hull cost $25,000,
and the machinery $102,500.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand this now.
My attention was not given to what the Sena-
tor was saying at the time. I thought he said
that the cost of the machinery was $50,000.
Mr. CLARK. No.
I-Ir. HENDRICKS. It is stated that the
cost of the hulls was $50,000.
Mr. CLARK. The two.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But evidently that ought,
to be $150,000. There is no doubt about that.
The contract price was $150,000, and the cost
$165,000. It is just $100,000 less than it ought
to be. It is a mistake in printing there.
Mr. CLARK. I do not know but that that
is so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Unquestionably so. It
belongs to a class.
Mr. CLARK. But it is not material to the
argument, as I understand. This man says
the excess of cost was $41,027 4G for the two.
Now, I want to call the Senate's attention ttf
what appears in regard to these Wo classes of
vessels. The contract price for the Agawam
and the Pontoosuc, as found on pages 16 and
17, was $104,000, just the same that it was for
the Massasoit, the Sassacus, and the Osceola.
The Senator from Indiana says these vessels
were the same class, and the contract price
was the same. Now, I want Senators to note
the fact that when George W. Lawrence & Co.
build the Agawam and the Pontoosuc, they m§ke
them cost $17,000 above the contract price;
but when Curtis & Tilden build the same class
they make them cost only about nine thousand
dollars beyond the contract price ; and in the
ease of the Pontoosuc and the Agawam, the
engine-builders make the engines cost $80,000
beyond the contract price : and in the other
case, the Atlantic Works only make them cost
$41,000 beyond the contract price. Why that,
difference ? Why should this Government pay
one-set of builders $80,000 beyond the con-
tract price, and another set of builders, for two
enginesof exactly the same class, $41,000above
the contract price? Howliappensit.excepti'rom
the unskillfulness and the want of dilligenec
on the part of these men in building these en-
gines? And yet this report says pay these gen-
tlemen at Portland $80,000 beyond the price,
and pay these gentlemen at ^Boston $40,000
beyond the price. It seems to me, a man had
only to delay his work the longer to get the
more money, for they give him all he says it
cost him; and so the longer ho delayed and
the more it cost, the more they gave him.
Now, Mr. President, 1 ask Senators to tarn
to the Chicopee. I have been through the
whole range of these double-enders ; they are
in the same way. I do not want to weary the
Senate, but I want, to show enough of these
eases to let the Senate see what lliey are about
to pass upon. I do not deny that there may
be some good cases here ; I think some of the
gentlemen who built the hulls of these vessels
and wore delayed in this way are entitled to
the additional expense; but I do not Ihink the
men who put on board the engines and loaded
them down with delay and deprived the Gov-
ernment of them for that extent of time should
also be paid for that delay. On page 17 you
will find the statement of Mr. Curtis, who built
the Chicopee:
"Appeared before the board Paul Curtis, ship-
builder, Boston, and coniraetorfor the double-cnder
Chicopee. Under oath states, that (he contract for
the Chicopee was dated by the Navy Department
September 9, 1862, in which lie was allowcdonc hun-
dred and twenty-six days, or until January 13,1863"—
The contracts were all given out at about
the same time, and they were to be ready at
about the same period—
" to launch the vessel and deliver her to the e n trine-
buildeis; but the vessel way not put in the water
until March -1,1863, as the ensine-limlders (Neptuno
Iron-Works.) were not ready to erect the engines on
board."
The same excuse again. It would almost
seem that these fellows had got this excuse
stereotyped; they all agree upon it. They
were delayed by the engine-builders 1
"That the vessel was delh eredto the Neptune Iron-
Works March 11, 1803, anil they were, allowed titty
days, or until May t, 1863, to erect the engines on
board, but the machinery was not completed and put
on board until April 1,1861, at which time alio was
delivered at the navy-yard. New York."
They were to have had it on board May 1,
18G3 ; they did not have it on board until April
1, 18G4, eleven months afterward.
"By which delay on the part of the engine-build-
ers he was at. great"loss, by being obliged to pay
larger prices for material and labor to complete the
vessel. That the entire cost of the vessel, includ-
ing bill for extra work, amounting to 57,115 09, was
$97,674 61: that the contract pricc of the vessel, de-
livered in New York, was ^75,000; that he has received
from the bureau for extra work, £3,301 20; total
amount received from Government, S78.S04 20; leav-
ing a balance of loss to him, over and above the con-
tract pricc and allowance for oxtra work,of $18,870-11."
Now, turn to the table again. Paul Curtis
built one of these vessels, taken at the same
time, at the same rate, when labor was scarce
and materials scarce; the contract price was
$75,000, and she cost $97,074 61, making an
excess over the contract price and extra allow-
ance of $18,870 41 ; four times almost as much
as the extra cost price in the case of Curtis
& Tilden. Now, we are asked to pay this, and
the committee say this is right and this is fair;
and they want to give a percentage to the
whole. I do not see any fairr ess about it. If
it is right that Curtis <s Tilden should have
$4,000 above the contract price, it should be
right that Paul Curtis should have the same
unless he shows a difference, and he fails to
show any. . .
Now turn to page 44, and you will find-the
case of the machinery of the Chicopee.
"Appeared before the board Mr.William Boardman,
one of the proprietors and on the part of the Neptune
Iron-Works, contractors for the machinery of the
Chicopee and Tallapoosa. Under oath states, that
the contract for thcvessel was dated by the Navy de-
partment August 15,1862,in which thoy were allowed
seven months, or two months after the receipt of the
hulls from the builders thereof, to complete and ercct
the machinery on board; but that the Chicopee was
not received until March 11,18C3, and the machinery
was completed, and trial trip satisfactorily concluded
on January 23,1861; and the Tallapoosa was not re-
ceived until March 16, 1863, and the machinery was
completed, and trial trip also satisfactorily concludcd
March 12,1S61; they were lclievcd b> letter from De-
partment in regard to the time of completion of con-
tract. prior to the signing of the contract. That tho
actual cost of machinery was, including extra bill
of $2,005 7o yet unpaid, $206,004 contract price
received from Government. $161,000; leaving an ex-
cess of cost, over and above the contract price, of
$42,001 35."
Twenty-one thousand dollars on each vessel
for delaying her at the wharf eleven months,
depriving the Government of the use of her all
through the summer of 1863 and the fall of
1803, the winter uf 1803 and 1804 up to April
in the spring of 18G4; and yet this very nig-
gardly Government, this Government that is
exhorted so mueli to deal fairly by these gen-
tlemen, deprived of the use of this vessel for
eleven months, comes forward and pays the
contract price, pays the full bill for extra work,
and then is asked to pay all the enhanced cost
by reason of the delay. Is it fair? Is that the
kind of liberality you would recommend to your
Government to the tax-pavers? Now, as to a
contract between two individuals where one
stipulated to have a given work done by a given
time and he failed for a year to do it, if the man
who contracted for the work should come for-
ward and take it off that man's hands and pay
him the price and say, "Here, you have done the
work and I will pay you the full price and take
it, though I have been delayed," would not that
be considered liberal? Would the man that had
done the work ask for anything more ? Yet here
they undertake to say we must pay not only this
individual man, not only this individual firm,
but we must pay every one of these forty-two
right straight through twelve per cent, on the
whole contract price, not because they would
not bo glad to have more, but because they have
loaded it so down with the weight of delay that
they know these iron-elads will not swim with
such a load upon them.
Mr. President, I suppose it is hardly neces-
sary that I should go through with case after
case of this kind. You may take any one of
these double-enders and you will find much
the same state of things. I cannot say that
you will in every case, because I have not ex-
amined ; I cannot affirm or deny; but I say
that in all tho cases I have examined I find
this same state of things. And now I will ask
the Senator from Nevada if he can tell me
where in this report. I shall find tho report in
regard to tho hull of the Mendota. Has the
Senator seen it? Does he know it is tliere?
Mr. NYE. I think it is here.
Mr. CLARK. 1 will ask the Senator from
Indiana. These gentlemen have undoubtedly
considered this case. I want them to tell me
where in the report of this commission I can
find the report as to tlie building of the hull
of the Mendota. I state to them that I have
been unable to find it; that is as it is put down
hero. I want to know from them if they have
found it, and if they have examined it. I wait,
Mr. President, for those Senators to show me,
if they can, where the Mendota is found here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Do you want an answer
right now ?
Mr. CLARK. If you know where it is
found.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will examine.
Mr. CLARK. Has the Senator seen it and
examined it?
