18(38.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1263
cerned their condition of expatriation is com-
plete. Why may not the Government take
them at their word and assume that the posi-
tion they took upon themselves js their true
one, that they are no longer entitled to the ben-
clits of the allegiance they forswore".' Why
may they not be estopped from contradicting
their own oaths, from pleading their own crimes?
J f they are citizens they liave forfeited their
lives to the outraged laws of their country :
out of humanity, then, why may we not hold
them to have lost that dangerous characteristic'?
Look at the question in another point of view.
By the doctrine laid down by all the writers
upon public law, so clearly expressed by the
Supreme Court in the prize cases, 2 Black, G73,
in civil wars the belligerent that claims sover-
eign rights may in all cases elect between the
civil law and the laws of war, may treat its
opponents either as citizens or public enemies,
may hang for treason or hold as piisoners of
war. The unavoidable consequence oi'this doc-
trine is that if that belligerent shall be the vic-
tor, the question of the citizenship of its oppo-
nents is for it to decide.
If I am right in all this, then it is for the Gov-
ernment to elect whether or not il will hereafter
treat the rebels as citizens or banish them as
alien enemies. N ow, if this were the mere de-
cision of a right, it would be within the province
of the courts of justice; if it were the an-
nouncement of a great tact, the Executive might
do it; but being the exercise of a discretion, and
the granting or withholding of a favor, nothing
but the supreme law-making power can per-
form the function.
A question might naturally arise whether wc
ought again to trust those who have once be-
trayed us; whether we ought to give them the
benefits of a compact they have once repudi-
ated. Yet the spirit of forgiveness is so in-
herent in the, American bosom that no party in
the country proposes to withhold from these
people the advantages of eitizen.-dn'p; and this
is saying much. With a debt that may require
eentinies to pay, with so many living and mu-
tilated witnesses of the horrors of war. with so
many saddened homes, so many of the wid-
o veil and fatherless pleading for justice, for ret-
ribution, if not revenge, it speaks well for the
c.'iise of Christian civilization in America that
r.) party in the country proposes to deprive the
a ilhfu'h of such immeasurable calamity of the
a Wantages of citizenship.
But the election must be made. Some pub-
lic legislative act is ne'-e^sary to .-.how the wmld
that ibose who have forfeited all claims upon
the Government. are not to be held to the strict
rigor of the law of their own invoicing, the de-
cision of the tribunal of their own choosing;
that, thev are to be welcomed back as the prod-
igal son whenever they are ready to return as
the piodigal son.
The act under consideration makes that elec-
tion. Its terms embrace the lule rebels, and
it £-i\es them the rights, privileges, and immu-
nities of citizens of the United States, though
it does not propose to exemplthem from pun-
ishment for their past crimes.
But it is said by the minority in this body
that we have no right under the Constitution
to pass the law; that the General Government
was never intended to be intrusted with the
power to protect individual persons; that that
was to be left to the States. What, then, does
the preamble mean? An ordinary reader would
look there for the object and intent of the
document;
'"AYetlic pcoploof the United States,in order to
form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure
tranquillity, provide for tlio common do-
iense, promote the general welfare, and secure the
blessinu:^ of liberty to uui>eives and our posterity, do
onlain and <^tabh--!i tills Constitution for tile tJnited
Slate- of Ameiiea."
This certainly has the appearance of being
designed to protect ill" rights of individuals
within. as well as beyond the jurisdiction of the
Government. Vet, strange as it may semn.
while the Government has been always held
competent to protect its meanest citizen within
the domain of any European potentate, it has
been considered powerless to guard the citizen
of Pennsylvania against the illegal arrest, under
color of State law, of the most subordinate olli-
cer of the most obscure municipality in Vir-
ginia. Sirange as it may scorn, while the Gov-
ernment of the United States has been held
competent to protect the lowest menial of the
minister of the most obscure prince in Europe,
anywhere between (he two oceans, and from
the Lakes to the Gulf, it lntd 110 power to pro-
tect the personal liberty of the agent of the
State of Massachusetts in the city of Charles-
ton, or enable him to sue in the State courts.
If the Government has not the power, by
appropriate legislation, to protect its citizens
within as well as without its jurisdiction, I
would like to know what the eighth section of
the first article of the Constitution means when
it empowers Congress to provide for the gen-
eral welfare of the United States, and when it
empowers Congress to pass all laws necessary
fur that purpose. Does it not pertain to the
••general welfare" that "the citizens of c.ich
State,'' in die language of the second section
of the fourth article of that instrument, u shall
be entitled to all privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States?''
But throwing aside the letter of the Consti-
tution, there are characteristics of Governments
that belong to them as such, without which they
would cease to be Governments. The rights
and duties of allegiance and protection are
corresponding lights and duties. Upon what-
ever square loot of the earth's surface I owe
allegiance to my country, there it owes me pro-
tection, and wherever my Government owes
me no protection F owe it 110 allcgiance and
ean commit no treason, in the very nature of
things this position is incapable of being over-
thrown, and while it stands it demonstrates not
only the right but the dmy to protect American
eiii/ons by appropriate legislation.
An unexpected argument has been adduced
by the leader of the Opposition in this body,
[Mr. Ilookus, ] that this bill will permit the
negro to vote in the se\ oral States of the Union.
It is rather ludicrous than otherwise that the
committee having if in charge have agreed to
put in a provision to quiet, the alarm of the op-
posite partv. I am willing to concede of late
that if the Democrats are to be kept above the
negroes 111 the social scale there must be some
di.-cviminating legli-latiou in their favor. Lused
to think the white man a better man than the
negro, but an experience of three winters south
of Mason and Dixon's line has partly satisfied
me I hat this depends somewhat upon the white
man's politics.
Does not tlie gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. liOGinis] know that the Constitution of
the United States fixes the qualification of
voters among its eitizens? Does he not know
that without a change of that instrument Con-
gress cannot extend the right of suffrage in the
States''1 The bill declares women and children
citizens, yet it did not occur to the gentleman
that this might make them electors.
Let me now ask our opponents upon this
floor, and in other departments of tlie Gov-
ernment, how thev propose to protect the citi-
zens of the United States within the domain of
the United States. They will surely not deny
the duty. They will not say that wc have a
Government for the purpose of allegiance and
for the punishment of treason, but none for the
protection of the citizen.
AVill they say that the rights of citizens of
the United States can be safely intrusted to
the governments of the several States ? If this
were true it might afford sonic excuse for
nog
tion .
true. For thiiLy years prior to 1800 everybody
knows that tlie rights and immunities of citi-
zens were habitually and systematically denied
in certain States to the citizens of other States:
the right of speech, the right of transit, the
right of domieil. the right 1o sue, the writ ot
habeas corpus, and the right of petition. ^ it
will be said that this state of things was owing
to the existence of what we politely called "tlio
ie 11 lie 11 utiuiu oui.it/ -wo.
Meeting to provide the appiopriate legisla-
ii. but none for refusing it. But it is not
peculiar institution," but will it be said that
with the disappearance of the peculiar institu-
tionthiS state of things also disappeared?
Within the jurisdiction of the united States
there never was a time when more black free-
men, citizens of the United States, were en-
slaved without even the color of law, and
denied the right to process of law to test the
validity of the claim of those who pretend to
own them. There never was a time when
more black freemen, citizens of the United
States, were kidnapped and sold into other
countries against positive law, and yet denied
the process of law to enforce the right and to
avenge tho wrong.
But the opponents of this bill have one
answer to all appeals for justice against this
species of wrong—an answer furnished from
the political speeches of the judges of the
Supreme Court of the United States on the
occasion of their assembling to celebrate the
election of James Buchanan, called in mockery
their decision in the Dred Scott case: "A
negro has no rights which a white man is hound
to respect."
As my object is to satisfy our political oppo-
nents of the necessity of the pending measure, I
choose to admit the force of this answer. Yeti
might say with truth that American statesman-
ship could go no further in that direction; that
even Democracy could assume no meaner posi-
tion. But are the evils complained of limited to
tlie black man? While I would blush if I could
admit that that fact, if acknowledged, would in
any degree lessen the necessity for the passage
of this law, I nevertheless maintain and hold
myself ready to prove that white men, citizens of
the United States, have been, and are now being
punished under color of State laws for refusingto
commit treason against tlie United States at the
bidding of Democratic candidates for the Pres-
idency; that white men, soldiers of the Repub-
lic, have been arraigned in State courts, under
State laws, for the crime of shooting down trai-
tors 011 tho field of battle by the command of
their military superiors, anil only saved from
being hanged, on conviction ot murder, by
the interposition of that branch of the military
forces oftho Government known as the Freed-
men's Bureau. 1 maintain further, that white
men, citizens of the United States, have been,
driven from their homes, andlune had their
lands confiscated in State courts, under State
laws, for the ciime of loyalty to their country,
and that now they are begging in vain for a
redress of wrongs in the courts of the recon-
structed South.
Our political opponents will not deny these
allegations. They are fully conscious of the
state of things existing at the South. They
know that there loyalty is the crime and
treason the virtue ; not throughout the entire
country, because there are honorable excep-
tions, but throughout more than half of the
cloven States lately in rebellion. Tho very
fact that the President of the United States,
armed with the war power, is now annulling
legislative enactments in those States, quash-
ing the decrees of courts, and standing guard
over the rights of the loyal people, is conclu-
sive proof, binding upon the entire Democratic
party, that citizens of the United States need
the protection of their Government in the sev-
eral States of the Union.
Mr. WRIGHT. I lise to a question of
order. I believe that the subject under dis-
cusmou is, ;i An act to protect all persons in the
United States in their civil rights, and furnish
the means of their vindication." 1- have looked
over the bill carefully and have failed to find
in it one word about either the Democratic
party or the Itepubliean party—" copperheads''
or " niggerheads':—and the gentleman is talk-
ing wide of the mark if he means to apply his
epithets to the constituency I have the honor
to represent.
Tho SPEAKER. The last part of the re-
marks of the gentleman from .Sew Jersey [Mr.
Wright] are certainly not in order. Tho Chair
overrules the point of order. The Chair thinks
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania is con-
