mm.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
• The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ments made as in Committee of the Whole?
If Senators desire a separate vote on any par-
ticular amendments, they will .now designate
them.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire a separate vote
on two of the amendments, the one in regard
to the pay of the clerks of the State Depart-
ment, and the other in regard to the compen-
sation of members and Senators.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment which struck out lines two
hundred and forty-four and two hundred and
fifty, on page 11. being the clause granting cer-
tain compensation to the Commissioner and
chief clerk of the General Land Office.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask for a separate
vote on the amendment in regard to the Michi-
gan cavalry.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire a separate vote
on the appropriation of $1,500,000 to rebuild
the levees 011 the Mississippi river.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments which
have not been specially excepted.
The unexeepted amendments were then con-
curred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ex-
cepted amendments will now be read in their
order.
The Secretary proceeded to read the amend-
ment to insert after line seventy-two, on page 4:
For reconstructing and repairing the levees on the
Mississippi river, in the States of Louisiana, Missis-
sippi, and Arkansas, S1.5UO.OOO 
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not necessary to
read the amendment at length. We all under-
stand what it is. I ask for the yeas and nays
upon concurring in it.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 30, nays 6; as follows:
TEAR—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Clark, Con-
nes", Cowan, Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds,
Foster, Guthrie, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard,
Howe. Lane, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nve,
Poland. Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Stewart, Van Win-
kle, Willoy, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—30.
NAYS—Messrs. Grimes, Morgan, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, and Wade—6.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cragin, Dixon,
Fessendcn, Fowler, Harris, Johnson, Kirkwood, Mor-
rill, Pomeroy, Saulsbury, Sprague, and Wright—14.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to strike
out from lines two hundred and forty-four to
two hundred and fifty of section one, in the
following words :
For compensation to the Commissioner and chief
cleik of the General Land Office, (.to be apportioned
by the Secretary of the Interior,) in consideiation of
the increased duties devolving on them from June 7,
1865, to December lil, 1S65, in connection with the
census oi 1800, 5>1,750.
Mr. CHANDLER. I will state that this
appropriation 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there is now
no objection to the appropriation. I am per-
fectly willing that it should be made.
Mr. CHANDLER. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope the amendment
will be rejected.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to insert
as an additional section:
And be it further cnacted, That there be paid to the
several clerks of the Department of State twenty per
cent, of the compensation now allowed to each, to
coinmcnee from the 30th of June, 1865, and to con-
tinue uniil repealed by Congress, and a sura suffi-
cient for this purpose is hereby appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appro-
priated.
Mr. SHERMAN. All I wish to say is, that
the different bills on the subject of increasing
the pay of the clerks in the different Depart-
ments of the Government have, as I under-
stand, been either postponed or rejected in the
other House. It has been so in regard to the
Treasury and Interior Departments, and there-
fore it would be manifestly improper to increase
the compensation of the clerks in the State
Department, when the others are not provided
for. All ought to stand on the same footing.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not feel that it is man-
ifestly improper. On the contrary, I feel that
this appropriation is manifestly proper. I do
not wish to take time in arguing it. I pre-
sented the facts when it was under considera-
tion before, and though I think the Senator
from Ohio attempted to answer it, I feel sure
he did not succeed. The case is peculiar.
These clerks are few in number. They are not
so numerous as those in the Treasury Depart-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. They get higher pay in
proportion.
Mr. SUMNER. I beg the Senator's par-
don. There are no heads of bureaus in the
State Department. In the Treasury Depart-
ment, 1 need not remind the Senate, there are
heads of bureaus who have three, four, five,
and some even six thousand dollars a year.
There is no head of a bureau in the State De-
partment. They are all simply clerks, and noth-
ing more.
Mr. SHERMAN. They are the highest
grade of clerks. ,
Mr. SUMNER. That may possibly be the
case, but they perform the highest grade of
service. The other day the Senator chose to
let drop some remarks in disparagement of
what they did. The Senator showed that lie
was very little conversant with what they did.
The service of many of the clerks in the De-
partment of State is highly intellectual.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A high grade of gen-
tlemen. I suppose.
Mr. SUMNER. No: I do not introduce
that element; I say nothing about it. 1 am
speaking in earnest for men who have rendered
good service to the State, who are not ade-
quately paid, who are receiving now what they
had before the war, and many of them cannot
live on their pay. I do not wish to take up
time with this matter.
Mr. GRIMES. I appeal to the Senator to
know if lie is willing that I should put on the
bill increasing the pay of clerks in the Navy
Department as an amendment to his proposi-
tion.
Mr. SLTMNER. The Senator acts here on
his own responsibilities, and ho knows per-
fectly well what he ought to do and what he
ought not to do. I do not know the merits of
that case, but I do know the merits of the case
which I have presented, and I believe the Sen-
ate were convinced of the merits yesterday, or
the day before, when by a majority of several
on the yeas and nays they put this appropria-
tion in the bill. I hope it will not now be
taken out of the bill.
It is perfectly vain to say that thp other
House has made no appropriation for the In-
terior Department, or for the Treasury Depart-
ment, of this nature. I did not found this
proposition on the argument that the other
House had done this or that. As the Senator
refers to what the other House has done, though,
I may remind him that both Houses, on a for-
mer occasion, appropriated $250,000 for extra
compensation to the clerks of the Treasury
Department. The Senator undertook to cor-
rect me the other day with regard to that; but
the statute-book will show that I am right.
Two hundred and fifty thousand dollars was
appropriated for extra compensation in the
Treasury Department. I then showed the
Senator from Ohio that his own bill,.which he
had charge of in this Chamber,_ undertook to
raise a great many salaries, not in the Depart-
ments, but elsewhere, and this very deficiency
bill, which we are told is to come forward to-
morrow, has a section, section four, which is
additional to what has already been provided
in a former bill, with regard to the distribution
of certain funds among the clerks and em-
ployes of the Treasury Department. The Sen-
ator from Maine suggests that I shall put, my
proposition on that bill. It is already on this
bill, and I wish to keep it there.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be
kept there.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is perfectly evident
that if this clause remains in the bill, other
Departments should go on it. In the War De-
partment three fourths of the clerks are dis-
abled soldiers, drawing only $1,200, nearly
every one of them. If this provision stays on
this bill, I hope you will put on a provision for
the War Department clerks certainly, if not
for the Interior and all the other Departments
of the Government. It is simply absurd to say
that the State Department should be on ana
other Departments off. I hope Senators will
either put them all on or strike this off.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope the Senate will be
willing to do justice, and if in doing justice re-
quires that all the other Departments should
go on, put them on. I have shown that jus-
tice requires that the State Department should
go on. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Conness. Cresweli,Henderson, Mc-
Dougall, Morgan, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Kiddie,
Ross, Stewart, buinncr,Trumbull,Van Winkle,Wade,
and Yates—16.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler,Clark, Cowan,
Davis, Doolittle. Edmunds, Fessenden, Grimes, Guth-
rie, Hendricks, Howard, llowe, Lane, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Ramsey, Sherman, Sprague, Willcy, Williams,
and Wilson—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Cragin, Dixon,
Foster, Fowler, Harris, Johnson, Kirkwood, Morrill.
Saulsbury, and Wright—12.
So the amendment, was non-concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was to insert
as an additional section :
And be it further cnactcd, That the compensation of
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in Con-
gress shall be ©,000 per year and mileage asnow pro-
vided by law; and this provision shall be held to
operate from the beginning of tho Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move the proposition
which I offered yesterday as an amendment to
that. 1 move to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause of the section and insert:
That the compensation of each Senator, Repre-
sentative, and Delegate in Congress shall be $5,000
per annum, to be computed from tho first day of tho
piesent Congress, and ill addition thereto, mileage
at tho rate of twenty cents per mile, to be estimated
by tile nearest route usually traveled in going to and
returning from tho regular session ; but nothing
herein contained shall affect mileage accounts already
accrued under existing laws: Provided, Thatheie-
aftcr mileage accounts of Senators shall be certified
by the President of tho Senate, and those of Repre-
sentatives and Delegates bytheSpeakerofthe House
of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Sena,
tor from Missouri, that it would be more ac-
ceptable to some of tis if he would provide that
the change in the mileage should take place at
tho commencement of the next session of Con-
gress.
Mr. HENDERSON.
it is.
That is just what
Mr. HENDRICKS. No; I understand that
it will take place at the beginning of the next
session.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senate will re-
member that mileage accounts are due on the
first day of every session, and therefore the
mileage for this session was due last Decem-
ber. That has been drawn and this provision
will not affect that mileage.
Mr. HENDRICKS. But it will affect next
session's mileage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It ought to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I want to suggest to
the Senator from Missouri that he change his
amendment so that the alteration in the mile-
age shall commence with the Commencement
of the next Congress.
Mr. WILSON. I suggest to the Senator
from Missouri that lie make it ten cents a mile
cast of the Pacific coast, and twenty cents for
those from the Pacific coast.
Mr. SHERMAN. That would assimilate it
to Army mileage.
Mr. WILSON. During the war we gave to
Army officers six cents mileage east of the
Rocky mountains and ten cents beyond the
mountains and on the Pacific coast; and I
think that distinction is proper to be made as
to members of Congress, at any rate for tho
present, because a member who comes from
the Pacific coast, no matter what may happen
to his business at home, cannot go there dur-
ing the session. I think some increased allow-
ance of that sort should be made to members
