4M4
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
coming froifi the Pacific coast, and I would
give them twenty cents a mile, and to those
east of the mountains ten cents. Changed in
that way I think the proposition will add' very
little to the average expense of Congress and
will give fairer pay and more equally distrib-
uted than that now allowed.
Mr. SHERMAN. I like very much the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Massachusetts, ft
is important that we should have this matter
as near right as we can. This distinction be-
tween the Pacific coast and the Atlantic coast
has been made in military bills for years, and
it is founded in reason. I think that a mileage
of ten cents a mile on the Atlantic coast and
twenty cents a mile on the Pacific coast is fair
and just, and I think probably the Senator from
Missouri ought to modify his amendment in
that way, but if he does not we can amend it
afterward if it shall be adopted.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me say to Sena-
tors that this measure must go to the House
of Representatives, and finally to a committee
of conference, and that committee can take this
suggestion into consideration. The suggestion
is perhaps averygood one, but Senators should
remember that no matter what, we adopt here,
the House is to act on it, and it will be subject
to revision in the conference committee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not believe in that
way of legislating. I am in favor of making
it as near right as we can. I move to add a
proviso that the mileage of members coming
from east of the one hundredth meridian shall
be ten cents and those coming from west of
the one hundredth meridian shall be twenty
cents a mile.
Mr. SHERMAN. Say "Pacific coast."
Mr. HENDRICKS. Nevada is not on the
Pacific coast.
Mr. SHERMAN. But the members from
Nevada have to come that way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By fixing the one hun-
dredth meridian I think we shall have it right.
Mr. SHERMAN. This law will last for
years probably, but the one hundredth meri-
dian will be reached in one year by railroad.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well; I am not
particular about the word's. I will adopt the
suggestion and move this proviso :
Provided, That the mileage of members of Congress
from the Pacific coast shall he twenty cents a mile.
Mr. HENDERSON. All mileage under my
amendment as it stands is twenty cents a mile.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I move to amend
it by striking out "twenty" and inserting
"ten."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. As the prop-
osition of the Senator from Missouri tjs an
amendment to an amendment, an amendment
to it would be in the third degree, aud therefore
not in order.
Mr. HENDERSON. In order to gratify
Senators, if they insist upon having their own
mileage reduced to ten cents, I will modify my
amendment. My original view of the subject
was to reduce all mileage to ten cents, and I
modify my amendment in that way.
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is
right to fix ours at ten cents and make 110
further provision forthose onthe Pacific coast.
I am not willing to vote money into my own
pocket out of other Senators' pockets.
Mr. HENDERSON. Iwillmodity my amend-
ment, by providing ten cents mileage instead
of twenty, and then by providing that Senators,
Representatives, and Delegates living west of
the Rocky mountains shall have twenty cents a
mile.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the Senator
from Missouri, as modified, to the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and nays,
and thoy were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. Before the vote is taken I
desire to say that the Senator from Missouri
[Mr. Brows] was compelled to retire from the
Chamber 011 account of the condition of his
health, and I agreed to pair off with him. I
do not know exactly how he would have voted
on this particular amendment, but as I paired
with him on the main question—the amend-
ment adopted in Committee of the Whole—I
decline to vote on this question.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 19; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs, Buckalew, Clark, Cowan, Creswell,
Doolittic, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Hen-
derson, Hendricks, Howe, Poland, Pomeroy, Ross,
Sherman, Van Winlfle, and Wilson—18.
NAYS—-Messrs. Chandler, Davis. Grimes, Howard,
Lane, McDougall, Morgan, Nesmit.li, Norton, Nye,
ltamsev, Kiddie, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Williams, and Yates—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Fowler, Harris, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Morrill, Saulsbury, Willey, and Wright—13.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The question recurring on the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. WILLEY, (when his name was called.)
I have already stated that the Senator from
Missouri [Mr. Brown] retired from the Cham-
ber in consequence of indisposition, and that I
was paired with him. If he were here he would
vote in favor of the amendment and I against it.
The result was announced—yeas 18, nays
19 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Doolittle, Hen-
dricks, J To ward, Lane, McDougall, Nesmith, Norton,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Sprague, Stewart,
Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Yates—IB.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Chandler, Clark, Cros-
woll, Edmunds, Kessonden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Henderson, Howe, Morgan, Nye, Poland, Sherman,
Samuel", Wade, Williams, and Wilson—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown,Conness, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Fowler, Harris, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Morrill, Saulsbury, Wiiloy, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to reconsider the vote
previous to that just taken.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is not necessary.
The bill is open to amendment, and that prop-
osition can be offered again.
Mr. DAVIS. Very well.
The Secretary read the next excepted amend-
ment, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That there is hereby ap-
propriated for payment of travelling expenses of
the members of the first regiment of Michigan cav-
alry from the place in Utah where they were mus-
tered out of service in the year 18G(i to the place of
their enrollment, asumsufficientto allow each mem-
ber $3l!5, deducting therefrom the amount paid to
each for commutation of travel, pay and subsistence
by the Government when thus mustered out; and
that tlieaeeounts besettlcd and paid under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of War.
Mr. SHERMAN. Since this question was
discussed before I have become satisfied that
some allowance ought to be made to the sol-
diers that were scattered in Utah, but I think
this provision has not been sufficiently consid-
ered. There are several other regiments in
the same predicament, and I hope the Senator
from Michigan will allow this to go over to the
next session. From the examination of the
papers, I have no doubt-some allowance ought
to be made to these soldiers for their expenses,
but it had better be a general provision which
would include all the regiments disbanded in
Utah. I think it had better be allowed to go
over until the next session. The sum fixed is
an arbitrary sum, $325. It may be too much
in some cases.
Mr. HOWARD. I suppose every ease of
this kind will necessarily stand upon its own
merits, and whenever any other soldiers who
have been treated as the first regiment of Michi-
gan cavalry has been present their claim here,
I shall be very willing to come to their aid. I
do not conceive it to oe easy to frame a gen-
eral act which shallmeetall cases. Atallevents,
I prefer to have a vote taken on the amend-
ment which I have presented, and I assure the
Senate that the amount contained in it is sup-
posed by the committee to have been just about
the amount the member^ of that regiment ne-
cessarily expended in returning to their homes
from Great Salt Lake City, in Utah, where they
were mustered out. It simply indemnifies the
soldiers of that regiment.
Mr. CHANDLER. I desire to say that
these soldiers had served five years; they had
done distinguished service for five years, hav-
ing reenlisted as veterans. They supposed
their time was out before they were marched
to Salt Lake. While a,t Salt Lake, as the letter
of General Sherman informs us, their horses
were taken from them and they were informed
that if they remained in service they would have
to march on foot; having ridden five years on
horseback their horses were taken from them
because the Government required the horses
at Salt Lake. They supposed their expenses
would be paid home, and they accepted the
muster-out not knowing that they were to re-
ceive one third, or a little more than one third,
of their expenses. They came home after five
years of service ragged and without a dollar,
a single man of them. I hope the Senate will
do an act of justice to one of the best regiments
in the service. Their first colonel was killed
at the second battle of Bull Run, and they lost
two or three colonels afterward. They were
decimated four times; over three thousand
men were enlisted for that regiment.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope this amendment
will be made. There is one point in it which
is worthy of consideration. Every Senator
knows how anxious the troops were to be
mustered out of service at the close of the
war, and t.hey would sacrifice anything rather
than be kept in the service beyond that time.
I think it is a just claim, and out to be put upon
this appropriation bill.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. All the
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole have been disposed of. —  
Mr. HENDERSON. I now offer as a sep-
arate amendment the proposition which I of-
fered before as an amendment to the amend-
nient of the Senator from Delaware.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows:
And be it further enacted, That the compensation of
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in Con-
gress shall be $5,000 perannum, to be computed from
the first day of the present Congress, and in addition
thereto, mileage at the rate of twenty cents per mile,
to be estimated by the nearest route usually traveled
in going to and returning from each regular session;
but nothing herein contained shall affect mileage
accounts already accrued under existing laws: Pro-
vided, That hereafter mileage accounts of Senators
shall be certified by the President of the Senate,
and those of Representatives and Delegates by the
Speaker of the House of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
"twenty" and insert "ten," and also to add
that members west of the Rocky mountains
shall have twenty cents per mile. I intend
afterward to propose that the mileage shall
take effect from the comencement of the next
Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. And the salary, too? *
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. The proposition, as
I present it, is for twenty cents a mile to all
members. The Senator from Indiana moves
to amend it. Let us take a vote upon his
amendment, so that we can get the sense of
the Senate on all these propositions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There are two things
about the mileage proposed by the Senator
from Missouri: first, to reduce it to one half
what it now is, and second to reduce the com-
putation of it to the direct route.
Mr. HENDERSON. The usually traveled
route.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The most direct usu-
ally traveled route.
Mr. HENDERSON. The nearest.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If we are to change the
mileage at all, that is a very great improve-
ment on the present system of mileage; but if
we are to give any mileage, I suppose if a man
traveled alone, without any family, ten cents
a mile would cover his expenses; but if it is
supposed that he is to bring any family with
him, and come here to Washington to live six,
eight, or nine months at a time, ten cents
would not cover his expenses in coming, and
the mileage certainly ought to cover the tra"
