1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 8,
fining himself to the bill, which is very wide in
its range, "proposing to protect all persons in
the Unitea States in their civil rights and fur-
nishing the means of their vindication. The
Chair thinks the gentleman is not indulging
any undue latitude of discussion.
Mr. BROOMALL. Probably, since the last
election in New Jersey, I ought to treat the
gentleman's constituents with a little more con-
sideration; but whether I ought to apologize to
them or riot will depend a little upon their future
behavior.
Mr. Speaker, it is alleged that this species of
legislation will widen the breach existing be-
tween the two sections of the country, will of-
fend our southern brethren. Do not gentle-
men know that those who are most earnestly
asking this legislation are our southern breth-
ren themselves? They are imploring us to
protect them against the conquered enemies
of the country, who, notwithstanding their sur-
render, have managed, through their skill or
our weakness, to seize nearly all the conquered
territory. This is not the first instance in
the world's history in which all that, had been
gained by hard fighting was lost by bad diplo-
macy.
But they, whose feelings are entitled to so
much consideration in the estimation of those
who urge this argument, are not our southern
brethren, but the southern brethren of our po-
litical opponents; the conquered rebels, par-
doned and unpardoned ; traitors priding them-
selves upon their treason.
These people are fastidious. The ordinary
terms of the English language must be per-
verted to suit their lastes. Though they sur-
fendered in open and publie war, they are not
to be treated as prisoners. Though beaten in
the last ditch of the last fortification, they are
not to be called a conquered people. The decis-
ion of the forum of their own choosing is to
foe explained away into meaningless formality
for their benefit. Though guilty of treason,
murder, arson, and all the crimes in the cal-
endar, they are "our southern brethren."
The entire decalogue must be suspended lest
it should offend these polished candidates for
the contempt and execration of posterity.
Out of deference to the feelings of these
sensitive gentlemen, an executive construction
must be given to the word "loyalty," so that
it shall embrace men who only are not hanged
beeause they have been pardoned, and who
only did not destroy the Government because
they could not. Out of deference to the feel-
ings of these sensitive gentlemen, too, a dis-
tinguished public functionary, once the cham-
pion of the rights of man, a leader in the cause
of human progress, a statesman whose keen
foreknowledge could point out the "irrepress-
ible conflict between slavery and freedom,"
cannot now see that treason and loyalty arc
uncompromising antagonisms.
It is charged against us that the wheels of
Government are stopped by our refusal to ad-
mit the representatives of these southern com-
munities. When we complain that Europe is
underselling us in our own markets, and de-
mand protection for the American laborer, wo
are told to "admit the southern Senators and
.Representatives." When we complain that
excessive importations are impoverishing the
country and rapidly bringing on financial ruin,
we are told to "admit the southern Senators
and Representatives." When we complain that
an inflated currency is making the rich richer
and the poor poorer, keeping the prices of even
the necessaries of life beyond the reach of wid-
ows and orphans who are living upon fixed in-
comes, the stereotyped answer comes, "Admit
the southern Senators and Rejjresentatives."
When we demand a tax upon cotton to defray
the enormous outlay made in dethroning that
usurping "ldug of the world," still the answer
comes, and the executive parrots everywhere
repeat it, "Admit the southern Senators and
Representatives."
'i he raind of the man who can see in that
prescription a remedy for all political and socinl
diseases must be curiously constituted. Would
these Senators and Representatives vote a tax
upon cotton? Would they protect American
industry by increasing duties? Would they
prevent excessive importations? To believe
this requires as unquestioning a faith as to be-
lieve in the sudden conversion of whole commu-
nities from treason to loyalty.
We are blocking the wheels of Government!
Why, the Government has managed to get along
for four years, not only without the aid of the
southern Senators and Representatives, but
against their efforts to destroy it; and in the
mean time has crushed a rebellion that would
have destroyed any other Government under
heaven. Surely the nation can do without the
services of these men, at least during the time
required to examine their claims and to pro-
tect by appropriate legislation our southern
brethren. None but a Democrat would think
of consulting the wolf about what safeguard
should be thrown around the flock.
Those who advocate the admission of the
Senators and Representatives from the States
lately reclaimed from the rebellion, as a means
of protecting the loyal men in those States, and
as a substitute for "the system of legislation of
which this bill is part, well know that the major-
ity in both Houses of Congress ardently desire
the full recognition of those States, and only ask
that the rights and interests of the truly loyal
men in those States shall be first satisfactorily
secured.
Much useless controversy has been had about
the legal status of those States. There is no
difference between the two parties of the country
on that point. The actual point of difference
is this: the Democrats affiliate with their old
political friends in the South, the late rebels,
the friends and followers of Breckinridge, Lee,
and Davis. The Union majority, on the other
hand, naturally affiliate with the loyal men in
the South, the men who have always supported
the Government against Breckinridge. Lee, and
Davis. Each party wamts the South recon-
structed in the hands of its own "southern
brethren."
Ln short, the northern party corresponding
with the loyal men of the South ask that the
legitimate results of Grant's victory shall be
carried out, while the northern party corre-
sponding with the rebels of the South ask that
things should be considered as if Lee had bee#
the conqueror, or at least as if there had been
a drawn buttle, without victory on either side.
This brings the rights of those in whose be-
half the opponents of the bill under consider-
ation are acting dircctly in question, and in
order to limit down the field of controversy as
far as possible, let us inquire how far all par-
ties agree upon the legal status of the commu-
nities lately in rebellion. Now, the meanest of
all controversies is that which comes from dia-
lectics. Where the disputants attach different
meaning.^ to the same word their time is worse
than thrown away. I have always looked upon
the question whether the States are in or out of
the Union as only worthy of the schoolmen of
the middle ages, who could write volumes upon
a mere verbal quibble. The disputants would
agree if they were compelled to use the word
"State" in the same sense. I will endeavor to
avoid this trifling.
All parties agree that at the close of the re-
bellion the people of North Carolina, for exam-
ple, had been "deprived of all civil govern-
ment." The President, in his proclamation of
May 29, 1865, tells the people of North Caro-
lina this in so many words, and he tells the
people of the other rebel States the same thing
in his several proclamations to them. This con-
cludes the Conservatives and Democrats, who,
however they may disagree, at least agree in
this, that the President shall do their thinking.
The Republicans subscribe to this doctrine,
though they differ in their modes of expressing
it. Some say that those States have ceased to
possess any of the rights and powers of govern-
ment as States of the Union. Others say, with
the late lamented President, that "those States
are out of practical relations with the Govern-
ment." Others hold that the Slate organiza-
tions are out of the Union. And still others
that the rebels are conquered, and therefore
that their organizations are at the will of the
conqueror. _ The President has hit upon a mode
of expression which embraces concisely all
these ideas. He says that the people of those
States were, by the_ progress of the rebellion
and by its termination, " deprived of all civil
government."
One step further. All parties agree that the
people of these States, being thus disorganized
for all State purposes, are still, at the election of
the Government, citizens of the United States,
and as such, as far as they have not been dis-
qualified by treason, ought to be allowed to
form their own State governments, subject
to the requirements of the Constitution of the
United States.
Still one step further. All parties agree that
this cannot be done by mere unauthorized con-
gregations of the people, but that the' time,
place, and manner must be prescribed by some
department of the Government, according to
the argument of Mr. Webster and the spirit of
the decision of the Supreme Court in Luther
vs. Borden, 7 Howard, page 1.
Yet another step in the series of propositions.
All parties agree that as Congress was not in ses-
sion at the close of the rebellion, the President,
as Commander-in-Chief, was bound to take pos-
session of the conquered country and establish
such government as was necessary.
Thus far all is harmonious; but now the di-
vergence begins. At the commencement of the
present session of Congress three fonrths of both
Houses held that when the people of States
are "deprived of all civil government," and
when, therefore, it becomes necessary to pre-
scribe the time, place, and manner in and by
which they shall organize themselves again into
States, while the President may take temporary
measures, yet only the law-making power of the
Government is competent to the full accom-
plishment of the task. In other words, that
only Congress can enable citizens of the United
States to create States. I have said that at the
commencement of the session three fourths of
both Houses held this opinion. The proportion
is smaller now, and by a judicious use of exec-
utive patronage it may become still smaller;
but the truth of the proposition will not be
affccted if every Representative and Senator
should be manipulated into denying it.
On the other hand, the remaining fourth,
composed of the supple Democracy and its
accessions, maintain that this State-creating
power is vested in the President alone, and that
he has already exercised it.
The holy horror with which our opponents
affect to contemplate the doctrine of destruction
of States is that much political hypocrisy. Every
man who asks the recognition of the existing
local governments in the South thereby commits
himself to that doctrine. The only possible
claim that can be set up in favor of the existing
governments is based upon the theory that the
old ones have been destroyed. The present
organizations sprang up at the bidding of the
President after the conquest among a people
who, he said, had been "deprived of all civil
government."
If the President's "experiment" had re-
sulted in organizing the southern communities
in loyal hands, the majority in Congress would
have found no difficulty in indorsing it and
giving it the necessary efficiency by legislative
enactment. In this case, too, the President
never would have denied the power of Con-
gress in the premises. He never would have
set up the theory that the citizens of the United
Stales, through their representatives, are not to
be consulted when those who have once broken
faith with them ask to have the compact re-
newed.
Our opponents have no love for the Presi-
dent. They called him a usurper and a tyrant
in Tennessee. They ridiculed him as the negro
" Moses." They tried to kill him, and failing
that, they accused him of being privy to th e mur-
der of his predecessor. But when his "ex-
periment' ' at reconstruction was found to result
