1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2225
pay the twelve per cent. I know it is said that
it does not take more'than half as much as
the committee report, and you had better give
that to them; the Government will have as
much to pay in the end. But, sir, I want to
be more discriminating. If I pay the money,
I want to pay the money to the men who ought to
have it, and not to the men who do not deserve
to have it. Assure me that every one of these
men ought to have the twelve per cent., and I
will yield; but until that time comes I must
vote against the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have but a very few
remarks to make in reply to the Senator "from
New Hampshire, and when I shall have i)iade
them, I shall have said all that I intend to say
upon this measure, so far as I am concerned.
It shall then depend on the pleasure of the
Senate. I shall not undertake to reply to all
that the Senator has said. Much that he has
said I attempted to explain on a former occa-
sion ; for instance, his comparison of the ex-
pense and cost of some of these vessels to some
of the contractors, as compared with the cost
to other contractors. I undertook to explain
(as is explained in the report) on a former
occasion, that peculiar circumstances caused
the machinery to cost some men more than
others, and the hulls some men more than
others. I thought I had explained that suffi-
ciently heretofore in answer to another gentle-
man.
Now, sir, I will call attention to a few of
the cases to which the Senator has alluded; for
instance, the Lenapee on page 13. Leaving
the Senator's argument alone, it would produce
the impression upon the Senate thatthis board
had allowed a very improper claim. The con-
tractors for the Lenapee undertook to build
that vessel for §75,000. They claim that she
cost $152,000, making a claim of $77,000 of
cost over and above the contract price ; while
other contractors for vessels contracted for at
the same time, and,just like the Lenapee, only
claim from $14,000 to $18,000.
Mr. CLARK. Some of them but a little
over four thousand dollars.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I explained those;
those were peculiar cases; but the average
was about from $14,000 to $18,000. If the
board had allowed to the contractors of the
Lenapee $77,000, and to others only from
$14,000 to $18,000, the Senate, of course,
would be astonished at such a result; but the
case of the Lenapee was heard; all the evi-
dence on the subject, considered; and the board
did not allow the claim of $77,000.
Mr. CLA11K. So I stated.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It allowed but $18,000.
Mr. CLA11K. I stated that the board
allowed about $2,000 above what they allowed
in any other ease.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T know; but the Sen-
ator failed to state the further fact that of the
$18,000 allowed, $6,000 was for extra work,
not within the contract at all, not yet paid for;
so that upon the Lenapee the board allowed
for cost of the work over and above the con-
tract price, only $12,000. Is there anything
in that case to prejudice the Senate against the
bill? And yet the argument of the Senator
was as plausible in that case as perhaps in any
other.
Now, sir, we will take up the case of the
Mendota, on page SI. Naval Constructor Pook
was called as a witness, and his testimony will
be found on page 31. He testifies that some
of the charges made by the contractors for
that vessel ought not to be allowed, and, com-
paring the claim made by the contractors with
the award of the board, I take it that those
items were not allowed. So much for that
case.
The next case is the Chicopee on pages 17
and 44. On page 17 it appears that the con-
tractors for the hull were delayed in complet-
ing that vessel by the failure to complete the
machinery, as they claimed, and therefore it
cost them something more on that account than
it otherwise would have cost. Now, let us see
what is the claim of the contractors for the
machinery. We will take that case to which
the Senator has referred, and I wish to go a
little furtheij.than the Senator did. I call the
attention of the Senate to page 44 of the re-
port, as the Senator did, and let us see whether
the argument ought to have all the force that
the Senator gives it. He gives it as much force
as it is possible for it to receive. He makes
the case thus: the contractors for the hull were
delayed in the completion of their work, and
loss was sustained by them, because the ma-
chinery was not finished according to the agree-
ment of the contractors. Now, how does the
case stand? It appears that the contract was
signed on the loth day of August, 1862, at the
Department, and the machinery was to be fin-
ished in seven months, two months after the
completion of tho hull. The Chicopee was not
received until March, 1863:
" Tho machinery was completed and twal trip sat-
isfactorily concludcd in January 24, 1861."
It ought to have been completed in June,
1863, but was not completed until January,
1864.
"And tho Tallapoosa was notroocivcd until March,
16,1863. andtho machinery was completed and trial
trip also satisfactorily concluded March 12,1864"—
ten months after the time limited for the
completion of the work. The report goes on
to say that the contractors "were relieved by
letter from Department, in regard to tho time
of completion of contract, prior to the signing
of the contract."
I ask Senators, how does that come? Here
is a bid made; the specifications are not before
the bidder; ho has no opportunity to know
exactly the style of the work; the party goes
on with tho work ; and before tho contract is
reduced to writing and signed, a letter of the
Department relieves him from the time agreed
upon. I ask the attention of the Senate to
this sentence:
"They were relieved by letter from Department,in
regard to the time of completion of contract, prior to
tho signing of tho contiaet."
A different time was allowed, the Depart-
ment becoming satisfied that it was impossible
to complete this work within the time speci-
fied, within seven months:
"That tho actual cost of machinery was, including
extrabill of #2,065 75 yet unpaid, 8206,001 35; contract
price received from Government, $161,000; leaving
an excess of cost, over and above tho contract prieo,
of $42,004 35. That the oxcess of cost was owing to
the great rise in labor and material, and difficulty in
procuring tho same."
I believe the Senator stopped just there;
but I will ask the attention of the. Senate a
little further.
Mr. CLARK. What page is the Senator
reading from?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Page 44:
" There are many reasons why the engines cost
more than tho amount of contract: iirst, whon tho
engines were contracted for, drawings and specifica-
tions were not furnished us, and wo were tota-Uy
ignorant as to the weight of said engines, boiler*, &c.
l^rom tho best information and belief, wo wore led to
suppose the machinery would weigh about three
hundred and eighty or three hundred and ninety
thousand pounds, and have to say that the rrnv mate-
rial was worth about tho amount of the contract, for
tho reason of the groat excess of weight of metal
o\or and above our estimate. Wewould also state,
that owing to tho losses on these vessels in connection
with thoso contracted for in 1861, namely, the Octo-
rara and Genesee, wo have been compelled to make
an assignment. That there is no charge in the bill
(annexed to this record and marked No. 42) for any
condemned material or faulty workmanship, and that
the bill shows the actual cost of labor and material."
I ask the attention of the Senate to this case,
one of the cases upon which the Senator made
a very forcible argument. The facts are these:
before the contract was signed a letter from
the Department relieved the parties from tho
time fixed by the contract, seven months, and
allowed them such time as was actually neces-
sary for tho construction of the machinery;
and secondly, when the contract was made tho
Department was not prepared to furnish the
contractors with the drawings and specifica-
tions, and therefore they could not know tho
exact dimensions of the machinery; and when
they came to construct this machinery they
found that tho raw material, the iron alone,
cost them about what they would receive for
the machinery when'fmishod. Is there no equity
there? Is there no justice for these claimants,
as shown upon the report, in the very case that
tho Senator makes a forcible argument upon?
Is there nothing to be considered by the Sen-
ate in the fact that the Department, before the
contract was signed, found that it was inipos-
sibleforthe machinery to be constructed within
the time_ limited, and by letter allowed them a
longer time? Is it not to be considered by the
Senate that wlien the contract was made the
specifications and drawings were not prepared,
the parties were not informed so as to form a
judgment of the size and weight and cost of
this machinery? Is it not to be considered by
tho Senate that when the work came to be
made, it was found that the material itself cost
the contractors as mueli as the contract price?
That is all that I have to say upon that case.
On page 17 wo find the case of the Osceola.
The Senator made a strong point upon that.
On page 7 will be found the contract and state-
ment for the hull. The contractors for the hull
showed that they could not complete the hull
until the machinery was completed. That is
the point upon which the argument of the Sen-
ator turned, that the hull could not be com-
pleted until the machinery was ready to be put
into it. What is the statement of the contract-
ors for the machinery ? Let us see if they havo
no equity before Congress, admitting the argu-
ment just as strongly as the Senator states it,
that the hull was not finished, and that tho cost
of the hull was increased because the machinery
was not ready to be putiu at the end of thesis
months:
" Appeared before thoboard Oliver Edwards, presi-
dent of the Atlantic Works, Hast Boston, on thopart
of tho company, contractors for tho machinery of
thodouble-endersSassaeusandOsceola. Under oath
states, that thoicontraet lor the Oseoola was dated Sep-
tember 20, 1862, and for thcSassaeus, October 15,1862,
in which they wero allowed seven months, or until
April, 1863, and May 1803, to complete the machinery
of said vessels and deliver them to the Government,
but the Sassacus was not so completed and delivered
until September 1863, and theOseeola until November,
1863."
Several months, six months, perhaps, after
the lime limited in the contract.
"The principal causes of delay being the difficulty
of obtaining labor and material, as the Government
was putting out so much work. That tho company
was relieved by the Department of the terms of tha
con tract regarding the time of completing the machin-
ery, and was fully satisfied that it was finished as soon
as possible."
If there was a contract made to build ma-
chinery which it was supposed would cost
$82,000, and it was intended between the Gov-
ernment and tho contractors that the work
should be finished in seven months; if in fact
it could not bo done in the nature of things;
if there was a mistake both on the part of the
Department and the contractors, a mutual mis-
take, and that mistake results in a great loss
to the contractors because of the fact that the
work had to be done at a time when material
and labor cost so much more than was anti-
cipated, I ask Senators, if, upon grounds of
equity, tho parties are not entitled to relief.
The Department felt that the work could not
be finished within the time. It is shown hero
that the Department was satisfied that it was
completed at as early a day as possible, and
the Department itself relieved the parlies from
the terms of the contract in regard to the timo
limited. But further in the case, which tha
Senator did not call tho attention of tho Sen-
ate to because it did not lie in the line of his
argument—there was another point to which
he alluded in another part of his arguments-
these contractors say:
" That the excess of cost over and above tho con«
tract price was due, mainly, to tho fact that the eon-
tract was accepted upon tho representation of Chief
Engineer Isherwood that tho weight of material
would not exceed that of the Paul Jones more than
fifteen per cent., when in fact it did exceed that or
tho Paul Jones seventy-fivopercent.; another cause
being the rise of material and labor."
There is their case. They did delay the com-
pletion of th e hull: that is not to be questioned;
but how did it occur that they delayed the com-
pletion of the hull? It occurred because of the
fact that such machinery could not bo con-
39tii CoNft. 1st
-No. 140.
