1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
that Greece and Rome granted slaves citizen-
ship, together with freedom, upon no other
ground. They had never a system of slavery
like that of African slavery; they had no such
system of slavery as that -which has been in
existence for the last three hundred years; the
slaves they freed were captives of war, held as
slaves under the laws of war. It was then held
to be the law that the captives of war and their
posterity were the slaves of the captors, and
their property of every kind was confiscated to
the uses of the captors. They were slaves for-
ever by the laws of war.
Mr. THAYER. And their posterity.
Mr. ROGERS. The condition of things there
grew out ofthelaws ofwar. It was in pursuance
of a war power such as that which was uncon-
stitutionally used by the radicals in power to
strip the people of the South of millions of dol-
lars invested in slaves whom they inherited from
their fathers, and to whom they were lawfully
entitled, some of whom were undoubtedly the
descendants of Madison, whom the honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania attempted to eulo-
gize, as Madison was a slave owner, as well as
Washington and the other heroes of the Rev-
olution. The Greece and Roman war power
was the same kind of power claimed by the Re-
publican party during the last four years in lay-
ing the mailed hand of military usurpation and
tyranny upon the rights of the people, and
trampling upon a bleeding and degraded Con-
stitution. That was the power under which
slaves were held in ancient Greece and Rome..
But afterward a new power was exercised ; it
was not the power ofwar, butitwas the power of
theftand of robbery; the power of taking poor,
harmless, inoffensive savages from the coast of
Africa, stealing them, and carrying them here,
and selling them into bondage to the people of
the colonies. And England, after profiting and
getting rich out of them, then raised the cry that
slavery was an evil, and sent Thompson and
other menhereto destroy the peace, happiness,
and prosperity of the people of this country.
Now, sir, New Hampshire regards these peo-
ple as of an inferior race. The laws of New
Hampshire passed in 1815, and also in 1855,
only ten years ago, prohibited any one from
being enrolled in the militia except free while
male citizens. Ah! the gallant State of New
Hampshire, the State which sent its thousands
to put down the rebellion, had a law upon her
statute-book as late as 1855, making such a dis-
crimination between the white man and the
black man as would not allow a negro to march
side by side to the banks of the Mississippi
with the white man.
Mr. BOU'l'WELL. I do not know the his-
tory of legislation in New Hampshire ; but I
do know that a law of Congress from the very
beginning of the Government had defined that
the militia of the country should consist of the
white male citizens alone.
Mr. ROGERS. Itisimmaterialwhatthelaws
of Congress were ; I am talking about the laws
of New Hampshire. I am talking of the laws
of that extremely loyal and patriotic State of
New Hampshire, and the laws of extremely
patriotic and loyalNew England. The Slate of
New Hampshire, in 1855, by solemn enactment
affirmed the legislation of 1815, that no man
should be enrolled in the militia but free white
citizens. Now, I do not suppose that the mem-
bers from New Hampshire will vote that the
downtrodden people of this District shall be
degraded by being put upon a political equality
with the negroes whom the State of New Hamp-
shire would not allow even to fight for the coun-
try or make a part of her militia. With what
grace can they vote for this bill?
This bill goes further than over was pretended
by any State where legislation has been had on
the subject. If that bill passes, it allows the
negroes not only to have the right to vote, but
to become judges of the courts, mayors of the
city, and to hold the highest offices within the
gift of the qualified voters of the District. That
is its effect, and it will not be contradicted by any
one on the other side. As it has been reported
by the Judiciary Committee, it not only allows
these negroes to vote, but to hold any office, to
which they may be elected. Such a course
would disgrace" and degrade us before the na-
tions of theearth. Shall this fair temple, which
has been reared by the genius-and wisdom of
our fathers, be despoiled, and the city built in
the name of Washington be so far insulted that
a black man shall be mayor of the city or sit
as judge in the capital of the United States;
that a negro shall preside over the rights and
liberties of white man auu women in this Dis-
trict? I conceive that the Providence tliat has
watched over this country from its infancy, and
guarded the cradle in which it was reared, will
not allow such degradation here as will result
in amalgamation and miscegenation, and end in
insurrection and murder and a war of races. I
have read in history of fires kindled in the name
of religion, of atrocities committed under the
pretext of order and liberty, but I believe, if
negro suffrage is adopted all over this land, it
will lead to scenes in this country more bloody
than the world has yet seen. I believe the
horrors of St. Domingo and Jamaica will be
repeated. Because I do not believe that the
white men who are rearing their sons and
daughters in the ways of virtue, honor, and lib-
erty, will bo willing to lay their heads in their
graves with such a legacy as negro suffrage to
leave to them.
I want to refer to another New England State,
and that is Rhode Island.because these States are
considered authority by many. I know their
citizens are patriotic and noble. I give them
due credit. New England is the spot where
abolitionism held greater sway than anywhere
else; and yet from the State of Rhode Island or
any other State no petition ever came to Con-
gress asking for the abolition of slavery that
urged or suggested the scheme of equality of the
black man with the white at the ballot-box. No
such petition was made at any time by the most
ardent advocates of the abolition of slavery.
Therefore, gentlemen, I ask you in the spirit
of candor and honesty, in the spirit of the days
of our fathers, in behalf of the soldiers who
fought to free the negroes, those soldiers whoso
deeds and memory constitute the glory of the
present and the proudest inheritance of future
generations, do not disgrace those soldiers who
have laid down their lives and those who have
come back to protect their little homes, by al-
lowing those living to be overrun and overpow-
ered at the ballot-box by eight or nine hundred
thousand Africans for whose freedom from sla-
very the blood of many of the soldiers was
spilled. I think I have too much patriotism, too
much consideration for the brave soldierthat left
his wife and little ones to fight for his country, to
say that he suffeied and bled for the purpose of
perpetuating the political rights of a race that
he helped to relieve from bondage.
Now, Rhode Island, in 1822, and also in 1841,
in its revised code, forbade any white person
to marry any Indian, negro, or mulatto, under
penalty of $200, and declared the marriage null
and void. Why did Rhode Island do that? I
ask the honorable gentlemen from that State,
why did Rhode Island declare such a marriage
null and void, and inflict heavy penalties upon
those who entered into the contract? Why?
Because the people of Rhode Island knew that
there was an impassable gulf which God Al-
mighty himself had established between the
white man in his condition and the black man
in liis. It was because the wisdom of ages, as
handed down to us from days of the most re-
mote antiquity, had impressed upon their minds
that there was that inequality which had shown
itself by experience existing between the two
races which could not be obliterated by any
human law which could be established upon
earth, as the law of God had ordained it. I
stand by that law.
But gentlemen upon the other side of the
House say that there is no impediment in the
Constitution of the United States to the passage
of this bill. I am not here to deny the authority,
-the legal authority, of this Congress to inflict
this punishment upon the people of this District
if they see fit; but I am here to ask them to
tliem to heed the language which was uttered
by James Madison, and which was read by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, to stand: l)y the
warning voice of Madison, and allow those who
are to be governed by the. law to say by their
votes whether they want this Legislature to pass
this law. James Madison says, in one of tha-
papers read by the gentleman from fennsylva-
nia:
"Under every view of the subj eet itseems indispen-
sable that the mass of the citizcDS should not be with-
out a voice in making the laws whioh they are to
obey, and in choosing the magistrates who are to ad-
minister them."
Who are citizens? Who were citizens when
James Madison wrote that letter? The white
people. Does not this decision of the Supreme
Court which I have read show that the persons
spoken of by James Madison as citizen!, ancL
whom he wanted to vote, were the whitesarefi-
who made up the parts, the integral minufia, of
the sovereign power of the States ? Why did he
write this letter? Because when the Constitu-
tion of the United States was framed and the
constitutions of the different States were made,
there was not a State in this whole Union which
allowed all white persons to vole. The States
of this Union, when their constitutions were
originally made, pnt exclusive restrictions upon
the privilege of voting. Every State, without
one single exception, required that a man in
order to vote or hold office should have a prop-
erty qualification. That was the objection in
the mind of James Madison. That was what he
intended to condemn, and it was to that that his
language referred.
Why, sir, by the constitution of my own State
until 1844, a man could not vote unless he had
£50 in proclamation money. He could not go
to the lower house of the Legislature unless he
had .£250 in proclamation money. He could
not go to the Senate of the State unless he had
£500 iu proclamation money. It went upon the
principle that if a man had a jackass worth
£ 50 on one day he could vote, but if he sold the
jackass next day the jaclcass could vote, but the
man could not vote at all. [A laugh.] That
was what James Madison was complaining of;
and remember that while so complaining he was
adhering to and recommending the great Boc-
trine of self-government; that the people who
were to be controlled by the laws should have
the right to say whether the laws should be
passed or not.
Gentlemen on the other side of the House
claim that the people are the sovereign power.
It was so claimed by them in the memorable fight
on the Kansas bill that, because the constitution
framed at Lecompton was not submitted to the
people of the Territory of Kansas, the State
should not be admitted under that constitution.
Men of all parties, including many of the great
shining lights of the dominant party, with the la-
mented Stephen A. Douglas at their head, all
declared against allowing the Lecompton jeonsti-
tntion to be the organic law of the people o,f
Kansas, unless that constitution was first, sub-
mitted, not to a Legislature, not to a convention,
but to the people of Kansas, to decide what
kind of a constitution they would have, so that
Congress might know that the power emanated
from the people, through the people; and when
they did allow that Territory to come into the
Union, it was upon the ground of a sovereign
exercise of power on the part of the people.
Mr. PATTERSON. Will the gentleman from
New Jersey allow me a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. The gentleman has re-
ferred to the laws of New Hampshire of 1815
and 1855, which authorize the enrollment only
of white citizens between the ages of eighteen
and forty-five. I will say, sir, that in so doing
they only followed the law of Congress of 1792,
and that they did so because they had no right
to pass a law which would authorize the enroll-
ment of colored citizens.
I would say further that Massachusetts, by
her Legislature, attempted to reform her con-
stitution in that respect, and I believe that their
