1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4145
eling expenses. It ought to he twenty cents a
mile at least.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire to say, in refer-
ence to this amendment, which commends it-
self to most of the Senate, that it contains one
provision which is an insurmountable objec-
tion to me, and I would not vole for it with it
in. I will make no such discrimination be-
tween mileage as to pay one person twenty
cents and another person ten cents, and par-
ticularly to compute ten cents to those who
live near. It looks to me like a very small
Blatter and a discrimination that cannot be
sustained. It is wrong upon principle. I
would not vote for it. That is the reason I
voted against the proposition before, and I
should vote against it if this was put into it
again. I merely wished to state my view.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The reason that I pro-
pose this is, that the gentlemen who come from
the Pacific coast have to turu their backs upon
their entire business for the term for which
they are elected. It is the same as closing up
a man's business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So do I, and so does
every man who attends to his duties here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Maine
says he does. I do not know why. That is his
own choice. It is not so with me. It is very
different. I know I do not. A very consider-
able portion of the time I give to my private
pursuits, and the Senator from Maine does.
If he has property, which I suppose he has,
when he is at home he gives a good deal of
time to seeing to it. He can see to its condi-
tion.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can do no business;
I may attend somewhat to private affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So can the Senator from
Illinois. He can see to his property. If he
has farms ho can see how they are cultivated.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I can do no such thing.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not see why he-
cannot do any such thing, when he can be at
home every otheryear on the 5th day of March.
The Senators from the Pacific coast cannot bo
at home at all. It strikes me it is a very differ-
ent thing.
Mr. "HENDERSON. They can go homo in
twenty-five days.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No; they can hardly go
home during their term.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to state that
packets go by way of the Isthmus of Panama
within twenty-eight days, anyhow, from New
York city.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If Senators prefer
twenty cents as the rate of mileage, I have
no objection to it. I do not care much about
it, but I want to make this thing acceptable to
the House. I have conversed with some gen-
tlemen of the House and they seem to prefer
this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. My reason is a matter
of principle. I would not vote for a bill that
had such a discrimination in it.
Mr. HENDERSON. We can get the sense
of the Senate very easily. I mo\^3 twenty cents
for everybody. The Senator from Indiana
moves to strike out "twenty'' and insert " ten "
with a view hereafter of moving another amend-
ment by which those members coming from
east of the Rocky mountains will get ten cents
a mile and those west twenty cents. The Sen-
ate can express their opinion on it. I move
twenty cents and the Senator from Indiana
moves ten cents. Now let us vote.
Mi\ FESSENDEN. I will vote to make it
all ten or all twenty. I voted before for the
amendment of the Senator, but I cannot see
the sense of the distinction. If the Senate
votes to put it all at ten, I have no objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My amendment is one
entire amendment to make it ten for those east
of the mountains and twenty for the others.
ThePRESIDENTprt)tempore. The amend-
ment to the amendment, as it has been modi-
fied, will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Hendricks to the amendment, which was to
strike out the words "mileage at the rate of
-39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 2G0.
twenty cents per mile" and insert "mileage
of Senators, Representatives, and Delegates
coming from east of the Rocky mountains shall
be at the rate of ten cents per mile, and tlie
mileage of those coming from west of the Rocky
mountains shall be twenty cents per mile."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Now, it stands at twenty
cents. I move to amend the Amendment so
that the change in the mileage shall take effect
at the commencement of the next Congress.
I move to insert the words "to take effect from
and after the 4th day of March next."
Mr. ORES WELL. In this question of mile-
age I have no direct interest, scarcely any in-
terest worth speaking, about; it does not mat-
ter to me whether you give ten cents or no
mileage; but I rise to ask the Senator from
Missouri a question. I wish to know what dif-
ference this change will make in the aggregate
expenses of Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated it as near as
I could yesterday. I have not made an accu-
rate calculation as far as the House of Repre-
sentatives is concerned, but I suppose that in
the two Houses it will'increase the aggregate
expenditure for the pay of members perhaps
$225,000. When, however, the South shall be
represented, there will bo hardly any increase,
and in the course of a fewyears it will decrease
as the western Territories arc admitted and
represented as States.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not see any propri-
ety in having the change of mileage commence
at the beginning of the next Congress when
the change of salary begins at this.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected—ayes II, noes 15.
Mr. SHERMAN. I desire to modify the
last proviso. I do not want any officer of
either House to have anytime to do with stat-
ing this mileage. 1 move, therefore, to strike
out that proviso and insert these words:
Pi-nvi'led, That the distance of each Senator, Rep-
resentative, iiiul Delegate by theroutc usually trav-
eled from his place of resilience to the sent of Gov-
ernment shall bo certified to each House by the
Postmaster General within thirty clays after tho
organization of each Congress.
Mr. HENDERSON. The difficulty about
that is that the mileage now as fixed by law is
to be paid on the first day of the session, and
this amendment provides that it is to be certi-
fied within thirty days after the session com-
mences.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. WILSON. Now let tho amendment be
readjust as it stands.
The Secretary read as follows:
And he it farther caantcd, That tho compensation
of eaeli Senator, Representative, and Delogato in
Congress shall bo §5,(W0 per annum, to bo computed
from Uie first day ot the present Congress, anil, in
addition thereto, mileage at the rates of twenty cents
per mile, to be estimated by tho nearest route usually
traveled in going to and returning fiomcai-h regular
session; but nothing herein contained shall affect
mileage accounts already accrued under existing
liiws: Provided, That hereafter milrigc accounts of
Senators shall bo certified by the President ot the
Senate and those of Representatives and Delegates
by tho Speaker of tho House of Representatives.
Mr. POMEROY. But suppose you do not
have any Speaker of the House.
Mr._ HENDRICKS. That would not make
any difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is always one,
first or last.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps it would not
make any practical difference.
Mr. FESSENDEN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered : and being taken,
resulted—yeas 23, nays IS; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Clark, Cowan, Creswell,
Davis, Doolittlo, Edmunds, Henderson, Hendricks,
Howard, Lane, McDougail, Norton, Poland, Pomo-
roy, Ramsey, Riddle, Itoss, Sprague, Trumbull, Van
Winkle, Wilson, and Yates—23.
NAYS —Messrs. Chandler, Fessendon, Foster.
Grimes, Guthrie, Howe, Morgan, Nesmith, Nye,
Sherman, Sumner, Wade,and Williams—-IS.
ABSENT—-Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conness, Cra-
gin, Dixon, Fowler, Harris, Johnson. Kirkwood. Mor-
rill, Saulsbury, Stewart, Willey, and Wright—It.
So the amendment was agreed to, ;
Mr. WADE. I renew ray amendment now
as to the employes of the Senate, and let us see
how we shall come out on that.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to inquire if that amend-
ment makes any provision for the officers of
the Library.
Mr. WADE. I do not think it does.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go to the next bill.
Mr. WADE. No; I do not like to let it go
off this time.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose, then, to the Sen-
ator that he amend his proposition so as to
allow twenty per cent, to all the employes.
There are the persons mentioned by the Sena-
tor from Rhode Island, who are only getting
two dollars a day and doing us just as gooa
service as any of these messengers; they ought
not to be excluded.
Mr. WADE. They are included. They
have the same increase. It is not so much,
but it is in the same proportion all around. I
think we had better stand by the bill as it is.
Mr. GRIMES. I move as a substitute for
the amendment of the Senator from Ohio, a
provision to add twenty per cent.
Mf. WADE. I hope that will not prevail.
We have voted into our pockets a pretty good
sum. Now, I think we can afford something
to the clerks.
Mr, G RIMES. I move to strike out all after
the enacting clause and to insert:
That there bo allowed and paid to tho officers,
clerks, and employe's of the Senate twenty per cent,
on their present compensation.
Mr. I10WE. Will the Senator insert "and
in the Library?"
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, I will include all those
connected with us. I examined the subject in
reference to the librarians. It was referred to
the Committee on Contingent Expenses, and
that committee reported back exactly the prop-
osition that came from the Senator from Wis-
consin, and thought it was equitable. I will
apply it to the Library.
Mr. SUMNER. And I add, "also of the
Department of State."
Mr. GRIMES. I do not accept the amend-
ment.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Grimes to the amendment of Mr. Wade, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause of
the amendment and to insert:
That there bo paid to tho officers, clerks, messen-
gers, and other employes of the Senate, and to the
Librarian, assistant librarians, messengers, and other
employes of the Congressional Library, an add it ion
of twenty per cent, on their present pay; and the
amount necessary to pay this allowance is hereby
appiopriatcd out of any money in tho Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WADE. I hope we shall not agree to
that. 1 believe we have just increased oitrowa
pay something over sixty per cent., and I do
not see on what principle these employes are
to be put off with twenty per cent.; and besides
for the duties performed by some of these offi-
cers the increase ought to be higher than that.
I hope the graduated bill presented by the com-
mittee will be taken instead of this.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. WADE. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. IIENDRICKS. This is a just thing; if
is equal to all. It is not taking out half and
giving them a largo amount and neglecting
others. If is a simple proposition that wo
all understand, not a series of sections like the
bill proposed by the Senator from Ohio; and
I hope it will be adopted.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 28, nays 6; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Buekalew, Chandler, Clark, Cowan,
Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden. fos-
ter, Gliuics, Gulhiio, Henderson, Hendricks. Iiowo,
Lane, Morgan. Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey. Riddle,
Ross, Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wil-
ley. and Wilson—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Howard, McDougail, Trumbull,
Wade, Williams, and Yates—6.
ABSBNT-Messrs, Anthony, Brown, Conness,
Cragin, Dixon, Fowler, Harris, Johnson, Kirkwood.
Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Nye. Saulsbury, Stewart,
and Wright—16.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
