2226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
structed in seven months. Here is the machin-
ery for twenty-two vessels, and in no sin-
gle case was that machinery completed within
the seven months. Why? Senators will not
say that all the contractors were negligent; that
all the contractors lacked means to prose-
cute the work with diligence. That cannot be
pretended; but it is apparent, as I think, that
it was impossible to complete the work within
that time. In these two instances to which I
have called the attention of the Senate in re-
sponse to the Senator from New Hampshire
the Department felt that the work could not be
completed in the time fixed in the contract,
and extended the time, and held that the work
was done at as early a day as possible. Then
the further point is stated, "that Mr. Isher-
wood, who, I understand, is a very skillful man
in his profession and a very competent officer,
thought that this machinery would not weigh
more than fifteen per cent, above that of the Paul
Jones, but when the machinery came to be
constructed according to the specifications and
drawings subsequently furnished, it weighed
far beyond that and cost enormously above the
sum contemplated.
The Senator has called the attention of the
Senate to the fact that the contract price of
the machinery for the Paul Jones was $52,000.
In the investigation of these cases I did not
think it important to inquire into the case of
the Paul Jones. That was machinery built
before these contracts were made. That was
machinery built wlien everything was at the
very lowest price, a contract made long before
these contracts were made, and machinery com-
pleted before these contracts were made, and
machinery, as I understand it, completed before
there commenced to be an advance in the cost
of labor and material. If the Senator be right
that that machinery cost but $52,000, what
weight ought that fact to have upon the judg-
ment of Senators? That work was done when
iron cost but half what it did afterward ; and if
Senators will look at the table accompanying
the report of the committee they will see that
the labor upon the machinery of the Paul Jones,
and the material used in its construction, could
not hare cost the contractors one half of what
it cost, these men to complete their contracts.
Therefore it is no fair tost, that because the
Paul Jones in 1801 could be built for $52,000,
all these ought to be built for that sum, or they
ought to be built for $82,000. The contract
price was $82,000, and it is evident beyond all
question that the machinery did cost far above
tli at.
I cannot undertake to go over all the cases
that have been referred to by the Senator; but
I say the fact that in not one single instance
was the machinery completed within the time
specified, but many months wore required on
the part of all these contractors to complete
that machinery, shows that there was a mis-
take on the part of the Department, and on
the part of all these contractors, too, in regard
to (he time necessary for the construction
of the machinery. I take that as a general
proposition, that there was a mutual mistake,
and that mutual mistake, causing the work
to run into months when labor and material
were much advanced, accounts for the loss
sustained by these parties. I submit to Sena-
tors, are not contractors oftentimes relieved
upon grounds of mistake, in equity? Even in
the courts, between man and man, if there is
a mutual mistake, equity will correct that mis-
take. Whether equity between man and man
in respect to a question like this would relieve,
I will not say; whether this would be a precise
case for the interference of a court of chancery,
I will not say; but as between the citizen and
the Government, I do claim that there being
a great mistake in regard to the time necessary
for the construction of this machinery, it is
such a mistake as appeals to the conscience
and sense of equity and right of the Govern-
ment. That proposition that all these parties
were mistaken in regard to the time, that the
Department itself was mistaken in regard to
the time, and the further fact that this was
much heavier machinery than was contem-
plated by any of these contractors, certainly
ought to control when we come^to administer
equity between the Government and the citizen.
There was a point made about a misprint of
the name of the Mendota. That was called at
the proceedings of the board Mercedita. I was
embarrassed to understand that when I came
to examine the ease; I could not find the re-
port of the Mendota, and the facts of the case,
but upon a careful examination I succeeded, as
the Senator himself seems to have succeeded,
in identifying the vessel. The Mercedita men-
tioned on page 5 is the Mendota unquestionably.
Mr. CLARK. If the Senator turns to page
32 of the report he will find it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is the contract for
the machinery.
Mr. CLARK. It is down near the bottom
of the page :
"Appeared before the board P. Z. Tucker, con-
tractor for the double-ender gunboat Mendota, with
explanations and corrections of the bills of cost of
said gunboat, rendered on the 19th June, 1865."
If the Senator will refer back to that, date,
he will see that Tucker, who was the eon-
tractor, rendered evidence in regard to the
Mercedita, on page 5, so that that makes it
very certain that that must have been the
same vessel.
On page 13, in regard to the Lenapee, I
understood the Senator to say that the extra
work was included in the award of $18,576 52.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So I understand.
Mr. CLARK. Where is the evidence of
that?
Mr. HENDRICKS, I will give it directly.
That is my impression.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will see, by
turning to page 13, that the contract price
was $75,500, and that the contractor has re-
ceived a requisition on his claim for extra
work of $5,!>23 43, which he has never pre-
sented to the Navy agent for payment. He
has got a requisition for that amount, and this
other amount is all for work on the Lenapee,
without extra work, as I understand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My impression was
when I examined the case originally—I have
not examined it to-day—that that $0,000 was
included in the award ; but I may be mistaken
about that. If I am mistaken, it is $18,000;
if I am correct it is $12,000 on the cost of the
vessel. From reading the report, I thought it
was as I stated.
In the case of the Mendota, on page 5, there
is a statejnent rendered by the contractor; and
on page 31, Naval ConstructerPook was called
as a witness, and testified that some of the
items charged by the contractor were not cor-
rect and ou^ht not to be allowed.
Mr. CLARK. Only as to extra work, as I
understand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the next page an
explanation is made by the contractor, so as
to make that light.
Mr. CLARK. It did not affect the amount
of the bills at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, sir; it does not
affect the amount of the bills; but here is the
explanation, and I will read just what the con-
tractor said:
"Appeared before the board F. Z. Tucker, con-
tractor tor the double-cndcr gunboat Mendota, with
explanations and corrections of the bills of cost of
said gunboat, rendered on tile 19th of June, 1865,
winch corrections do not affect the total amount of
bills previously submitted."
That is all there is upon that subject.
I understood the Senator to say that when
the contracts for these twenty-two engines and
boilers were made the weight of the machinery
was ascertained and known to the parties. If
he stated that he was mistaken.
Mr. CLARK. Oh, no.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand him now
to say that he did not so state.
Mr. CLARK. I did not state the weight.
I said I supposed, when the contract was re-
duced to writing, they understood what they
were contracting for.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The weight of the ma- I
ehiuery was specified when the contract was
reduced to writing, though not when the work
was commenced. I ask the attention of Sen-
ators to that important fact. Parties come here
and make propositions to construct machinery.
The specifications and drawings are not pre-
pared. They can know but little about it. They
propose to construct the machinery for $82,000
per vessel. They go on and commence the
work. Afterward the specifications are drawn
up, and it appears, aftertheyhave commenced
the work, that it costs very much more to build
the engines and boilers than was expected. I
ask-if that does not establish an equitable right
to relief on the part of the contractors. I
believe that was the case in regard to every one
of them ; that the work, in fact, was commenced
before these contracts were reduced to writing,
under the supposition that the machinery would
be about of the weight and cost of the Paul
Jones, or rather the weight of the Paul Jones;
the cost would be greater, inasmuch as there
had been an advance in labor and material.
The Senator from Nevada [Mr. Nye] has called
my attention to the evidence that is furnished
on page 21 as the weight of the machinery of
the Paul Jones:
" Tbat the excess of cost, over and above the con-
tract price, was due to the greater weight of engine
than tho contractors were led to expect them to be.
Mr. Isherwood, chief of the Bureau of Steam Engi-
neering, having assured them that they would not
exceed those of the Paul Jones class—three hundred
and seventy-four thousand pounds."
Another one of the contractors says, under
oath, that he understood that the machinery
was to weigh from three hundred and eighty
to three hundred and ninety thousand pounds ;
and the evidence in the case of the Pawtuxet
is that the machinery weighed six hundred
and thirty thousand pounds, almost double
that of the Paul Jones. That mistake ran
through all these cases, in regard to the weight,
and I submit to Senators whether the Senator
from New Hampshire has ^succeeded in estab-
lishing a substantial error In the report of the
board in regard to any of the other cases. His
argument is aimed at the contractors for the
machinery. When it appears that there was a
mistake on the part of the Department and on
the part of each one of these contractors in
regard to the time necessary for the construc-
tion of the machinery; when it appears that
the^contractors thought, at the time they made
their bids, upon the representations made to
them in the Department, that this machinery
would weigh about as much as the machinery
of the Paul Jones, and when it further appears
that the machinery weighs greatly more, and
is greatly more expensive, I ask Senators if
the case for relief is not substantially made out.
Mr. CLARK. I desire to ask the Senator
whether, supposing more time was necessary,
the man who got out his work in six months
was not more deserving than the man who got
it out in twelve months.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should say so.
Mr. pLARK. Then what is the propriety
of putting them all at twelve per cent.?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, there is
not any very great difference in the time that
was occupied in the completion of this ma-
chinery.
Mr. CLARK. One hundred days in some.
Mr. HENDRICKS. No, I think not. There
was one case where the machinery was furnished
for one vessel as early as September, 1863. I
noticed that as I was reading over the report ■
and in some cases the machinery was not fin-
ished until the spring of 1864.
vrr' ^ difference of six months
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir ; but I recoL
lect of but one case in which the machinery
was finished as early as September, 18G3. That
same house got out another engine and boiler
m November, 1863 ; but most of this machin-
ery was finished during the winter of 1863-64.
Now, I repeat to the Senate, that although
there is much force in the argument of the
Senator, when it is considered that the De-
partment and the contractors made a mutual
mistake in regard to the time necessary for the
