202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 11,
act was vetoed by the Governor of the State
simply because it was unconstitutional,
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say that I under-
stand these laws to be made in favor of the
colored race, giving them advantages over white
people. [Laughter. ]
Mr. PATTERSON. I will simply state that
the law of 1792 was not repealed until after the
war commenced: I think m 1861.
Mr. SOGERS. The gentleman does not
deny that what I have stated in regard to the
legislation of New Hampshire is true; that in
1855, by a State law, negroes were not allowed
to be enrolled in the militia of the State.
Mr. PATTERSON. Certainly not; and I
have stated the reason.
Mr. ROGERS. I understand that the gen-
tleman undertakes to excuse the action of the
State of New Hampshire on the ground that the
JSederal Congress had forbidden the enrollment
of negroes. 1 suppose the gentleman will not
deny that the first calls that were made by the
President of the United States, in fact all the
calls that were made by the President up to the
passage of the enrollment bill, or bill of despot-
ism, as I call it, were made upon the Govern-
ors of the States, and the Governors took out
of the militia such persons as they pleased.
Under those calls negroes were put into the
service by Massachusetts before that enrollment
bill was passed: they were received without
objection, and some of the quotas of States were
in part filled by those very negroes before the
enrollment bill was ever passed at all. The law
of Congress is no excuse for the action of the
State of New Hampshire. I mention the action
of that State simply to show what its intention
was. If they had simply wanted to live up to
the law of Congress, they would not have said
anything about excluding negroes from the en-
rollment, because if the law of Congress eon-
trolled the enrollment of the militia in the State
of New Hampshire, it was unnecessary to fortify
that law by any law of the Legislature of the
State of New Hampshire.
Mr. W001)1! RIDGE. The gentleman from
New Jersey says we are imposing upon the Dis-
trict of Columbia that which no State in the
Union has imposed upon herself. Allow me
to state, in behalf of Vermont, that black men
vote there with white men.
Mr. ROGERS. With a property qualifica-
tion.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. There is no property
qualification. There the black man can hold
civil offices with white men. There he lias
been free ; and let me tell the gentleman, that
in consonance with the principles which have
been adopted in the State of \ ermont, and as
the direct effect of those principles, when we
enlisted eighty negroes living in the State of
Vermont to go into a company, there was not
one of them that could not sign his name to the
muster roll. That is my comment on the course
that Vermont has taken in relation to the negro.
Mr. ROGERS. How many negroes have you
in .the State of Vermont?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I really cannot state
at present.
Mt. ROGERS. A very inconsiderable num-
ber ; such a number as can in no way affect the
political statvs of the people of the State of
Vermont. But I have no doubt that if the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Woodbridgb]
would throw aside his partisan character and
feelings, and the negroes in Vermont were suffi-
ciently numerous to overbalance the whites, if
allowed political privileges, he never would sub-
mit the rights of his wife and children and prop-
erty to the control of negro ballots and negro
officers.
Mr. WOODBRIDGB. I wish merely to say
to the gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rog-
ers] that I have not now the means at hand to
enable me to state how many negroes there are
in the State of Vermont. I know of a great
many there, but I do not know one who ever
voted with the party to which the gentleman
from New Jersey belongs. [Lauo-hter 1
Mr. ROGERS. That may be. Lam not par-
ticular how they vote. 1 am not making this
argument from any consideration of political
power. We have already been tol.d by members
upon the other side- of the House that to allow
the negroes to vote will be to overbalance the
power of the white people of the southern States,
and keep the control of the Federal Government
in the hands of the now dominant party. I rise
above party. 1 rise above the petty schemes of
cliques and parties to a more commanding posi-
tion. I rise to the position of my country, which
I believe is to endure for generations to come;
and I want that country handed down to those
generations that they may enjoy life, liberty,
and property, as I and my ancestors have en-
joyed them. I do not intend my remarks for
party considerations. I do not speak for party.
I am here to advocate this great doctrine for no
party; I am here to advocate it for the interest
of the whole country, believing that all are in-
terested, and that the day will not be far dis-
tant when the wisdom of the Democratic party
will bo acknowledged as a bright and blazing
star upon the escutcheon of American glory,
which will yet lead the world to the safe and
secure resting-place of liberty 
Mr. GRINNELL. I believe it was on my
motion that the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] had liberty to proceed with his
remarks indefinitely.
Mr. ROGERS. Well, I have been very lib-
eral.
Many Membf.hs. " Go on!" " Go on!"
Mr. GRINNELL. When I made that mo-
tion 1 had no idea the gentleman had so great
a gift of continuance. I wish simply to ask if
it would not be in perfect consonance with his
wishes to print the remainder of his remarks.
Many Members. "No!" "No!''
Mr. ROGERS. I would prefer to say what
I have to say.
Mr. GRINNELL. Well, I will only say that
I made the motion under great misapprehen-
sion. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROGERS. The Speaker and every
member of this House know that I have been
necessarily drawn out to this great length of
argument by the questions and interruptions of
those who do not agree with me in the senti-
ments I have uttered.
Air. PATTERSON. Will the gentleman al-
low me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. PATTERSON. I understood the gen-
tleman to say that New Hampshire had a com-
plete control over this matter of militia in that
State. Does not the Constitution give to the
General Government the right to organize the
militia ?
Mr. ROGERS. Not for State purposes.
Mr. PATTERSON. Article eight of section
one of the Constitution gives Congress the power
"to provide for organizing, arming, and dis-
ciplining the militia.'' That is the language of
the Constitution. And in accordance with that
provision of the Constitution the act of 1792
was passed, which says that only white persons
shall be enrolled in the militia. And the law
of 181-5, of New Hampshire, was based upon
that action of the Congress of the United States.
New Hampshire had no right to pass any law
in conflict with that law of the United States.
It was in conformity with the laws of the General
Government that New Hampshire acted in this
matter.'
Mr. ROGERS. It is expressly provided
in the Constitution that the President may call
out the militia to suppress insurrection and re-
pel invasion. And it was under that clause of
the Constitution that the President of the Uni-
ted Stales made the several calls which he did
make before the enrollment bill was passed.
And every call that was made by the President
up to that time was made upon the Governors
of the several States. And although the Con-
stitution of the United States confeisthe power
upon the Federal Government of organizing and
controlling the militia, it does not give it the
power of saying who shall constitute that militia,
or whom the State may release from the obliga-
tion of the militia laws of the State, and leaves
the Stale the power of appointing the officers ;
and for State defense Congress certainly could
not prevent the State from classing negroes in
its militia.
Mr. PATTERSON. I would ask the gentle-
man from New Jersey, if the call of the Presi-
dant of the United States could in any way
change the law of New Hampshire, or the iaw
of Congress in this matter, or could authorize
the State of New Hampshire to pass a law in
conflict with any law of the United States?
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman knows very
well that it was held by a large portion of the
people of this country that the President had no
right by law to take into his hands twenty mil-
lion people, regardless of the rights and domestic
tranquillity of the States, so as to control the
whole militia and deprive the State in case of
invasion of using its own militia to protect its
own rights. It wa3 also held, and I believe that
was the letter and spirit of the Constitution, that
the act of despotism which placed in the power
of the President of the United States the lives
and liberties of twenty million freemen was in
violation of the Constitution and nothing more
nor less than usurpation. The framers of the-
Constitution intended that the militia of a State
should be under the control of the sovereign
power and jurisdiction of the State, to be fur-
nished by the State when called for in such num-
bers and with such qualifications as the State
should please to prescribe. When the State in
its sovereign capacity furnished the men to the
Federal Government then the B'ederal Govern-
ment had the right to organize and arm the men
the State had furnished. The Administration
had the right to fix the quota, and it did so. It
called upon New Jersey to furnish so many
thousand men, and other States their various
apportionments. But it is still a fact that, under
that call, the States by their legislation ex-
empted from militia duty firemen, Quakers, and
other classes of citizens; and the President
never claimed the right under that call to inter-
fere with the various exemptions "which were
made by the laws of the different States.
Now, sir, I maintain that the negroes have
no just claim upon the people of this country
to stand in an equal position politically with
the white citizen. I say nothing in disparage-
ment of the abilities of the negro as exhibited
on the field of battle or elsewhere. I am the
friend of the negro in his proper position. I
always treat him with respect and considera-
tion. I believe, however, that, the result of his
freedom, taken in connection witll the state of
society into which he has been thrown, will
necessarily result in his consignment to the
same sad fate by which the North American
Indian is fast being swept from the face of
our land.
I say that the negroes are not entitled to the
exercise of equal political privileges with the
white man. What have they done for the coun-
try to entitle them to this great political pre-
rogative which they have never heretofore
claimed, and which, until recently, no one has
pretended that they had a right to exercise?
Who raised the armies to put down this re-
bellion? Who were the men that carried our
flag in triumph from Virginia to Louisiana?
Whose efforts kept the proud banner of the
Union waving unceasingly over the Capitol of
the Union ? Who were they that came in teem-
ing thousands from the hills and the valleys of
every State in our land to find an unmarked
grave on the battle-fields of the South? Who
were the officers that led these mighty armies
in their work of putting down a gigantic re-
bellion ? Who were they that, i n this Congress,
in the various Legislatures, and amid the assem-
blies of the people, carried on tire political ma-
chinery of our Government during this terrific-
contest? Was all this the work of the negro
race or of the white race? The poor white
soldiers who came forward, periling, and in
many cases sacrificing, their lives to defend
their homes and those of their more aristocratic
neighbors, are the men who are entitled to the
credit of the final victory of the Union armies.
Had it not been for the negroes the labors, perils,
and sacrifices of the white soldiers would not
