3186
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
the passage of this act the annual compensation of
the major commanding the force shall be $1,600; the
captain and inspector, the secretary, and the prop-
erty cleric, be $1,200; the clerks, $1,000; the commis-
sioners and the surgeons, $400; the lieutenants, $700;
the sergeants, $650; the patrolmen or privates, $600;
and the treasurer and defectives $800 each, respect-
ively. The lieutenants, sergeants, patrolmen, and
detectives, authorized to be employed by this act and
by the acts of August 6,1861, and July 16, 1862, as
hereby amended, shall be paid through the treasurer
of the board of police, the additional compensation
which the corporate authorities of the cities of Wash-
ington and Georgetown and the county of "Washing-
ton are authorized and required by the act approved
March 2,1865, to pay in the proportion to the number
of lieutenants, sergeants, privates, and detectives
allotted by the boaid of police to actual duty within
the respective municipal jurisdictions of tho District,
and all the other officers and employes of the Metro-
politan police establishment authorized by this and
the aforesaid acts shall bo paid an additional com-
pensation of fifty per cent., twelve fifteenths by the
authorities of Washington, two liftecnths by the au-
thorities of Georgetown, and one fifteenth by tho
authorities of the county of Washington; and the
said authoritiesshall have power, and they are hereby
required, in addition to other taxes authorized to be
levied, to annually levy and collect a special tax suf-
ficient to pay tho additional compensation, said tax
not to exceed one fourth of one percent, on all prop-
erty within cach of the said corporate jurisdictions
of tho District; and upon the monthly requisition of
tho treasurer, countersigned by the sccrctary of the
board of polico for their respective proportionate
shares of the gross sum payable each month as herein
prescribed, it shall bo the duty of tho proper oflieers
of said citics and county topaythesamo to, and take
duplicate receipt-? froui, said ti casurcr therefor, the
original of which shall be filed in tho ollioe of the
Third Auditor of tho Treasury of the United States
within ten days thereafter by the oflicerrccciving tho
same. And if tho said corporate authorities of said
oities or county, or either of them, fail or refuse to
meotthe requirements ot this act, it shall bo tho duty
of tho Secrotary of the Interior to cause to bo levied
and collected tho tax hereinbefore provided, and
tho expense of collection thereof shall bo borne m
just proportions by tho respcutivc jurisdictions in
which such collection may bo made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the third sec-
tion to strike out all after the word "seal" in
the eleventh line, as follows:
And it shall be mi lawful to so give, sell, or otherwise
dispose of an> intoxicating liquor on Sunday or on
any election or holiday, or other special occasion
whenever the boaid of police shall deem the public
peace require* such suspension of sale, and shall so
direct by general rule or other proper notico; and
such saloor disposition is hereby prohibited on everv
other day after twolvo o'clock p. m. until live o'clock
a. m. the following day; and for tho first violation
of any provision ot this section tho person or persons
oftunding shall forfeit and pay the sum of twenty dol-
lars, for the second offense forty dollars, and for the
third offense tho Hcou.se of such party ahull bo for-
feited.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was Lo strike out (lie
fifth section, as follows:
And Oc it further rnm-tcil, That until other-
wise dii cctcd by Oongt efs, all fine* collected lor keep-
ing open restauranK or other places where intoxi-
cating liquor.- may bo sold on the Sabbath, election
or holiday, or other day prohibited by tho board ot
police, or fur other violations of the Sabbath day, a-
also all fines collected for keeping open bars and sell-
ing intoxicating liquors after twelve o'clock at night
and before live o'clock in the morning, may bo re-
served by tho treasurer of tho police board until said
fines amount to tho sum of $2,000 in one year, to be
appropriated by tho board to meet necessary contin-
gent expenses; and tho oxeossof such fines over§-,000
that maybe collected in anyone fiscal year of the
bovermucnt shall be paid by the treasurer of tho
polico board to tho treasurer of tho jurisdiction in
which the oflenbo was committed; and except those
awarded by special act to the umj ot the authorities
of Washington and Georgetown and the levy court
for school purposes, ail other lines so collected shall
bo held by said treasurer to be expended under tho
direction of' the board of police, to build and provide
station-houses in those precinct> in which station-
houses have not already boon provided, until a sum
has accumulated sufficient to so ptovido them, after
which, except an amount equal lo tho expense of
necessary fuel, light, fjirniture, cleanliness, and re-
pairs, (which may hereafter be deducted in each and
all ot thoprccmcts of tho District,) tho same shall be
paid over to the pi oper office is of said cities and county
without further abatement,; and until enough lias
accumulated to build said station-houses and famish,
wunii, light, and cleanse them, it shall be the duty
of tho authorities of the.sovcral jurisdictions, arid they
are required, to keep the station-houses cle-ui and in
all respects m a comfortable sanitary condition, each
municipal authority in its respective jurisdiction.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to stnke out the
seventh section of the bill in the following
words:
Sec.7. Andbe -it further eaacied, That after the pas-
sage of this act, if anyperson shall be charged on oath
or affirmation, before tho magistrate officiating atthe
central executive office of the Metropolitan police
for the District of Columbia, with being a profes-
sional thief, burglar, or pickpocket, and shall have
been arrested by the police authorities at any place
within said District, and if it shall be proven to the
satisfaction of the said magistrate, by sufficient tes-
timony, that such thief, burglar, or pickpocket had
an unlawful purpose in view at the time of such
arrest, he or sne shall be committed by said magis-
trate to the county jail for a term not exceeding
ninety days; or, in the discretion of the magistrate,
he or she shall be required to enter security not to
violate any civil or criminal law of the District for a
period not exceeding one year. And if any person
arrested as a professional thief, pickpocket, or bur-
glar shall feel himself or herself aggrieved by any
such aetf judgment, or determination of the said
magistrate officiating at the central office of the Met-
ropolitan police, in and concerning the execution of
this act, he or she may apply to either judge of the
supreme court of the District of Columbia for a writ
of habeas corpus, and upon return thereof there shall
be a rehearing of the evidence before such judge, and
he may cither discharge, inodity, or confirm thecom-
mitment or the amount and duration of the security.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by striking
out in section eight, line four, the words "and
justices of the peace;" so that the clause will
read:
That from and after the passage of this act the
property clerk of tho Metropolitan police district
shall bo vested with all the powers now conferred by
law upon notaries public in the Districtof Columbia.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not know that I
fully understand the tenth section of this bill.
It provides—
That heroaftcr no person shall assume or practice
the occupation of detective within the limits of tho
District of Columbia who shall not first rcceive a
specific appointment for that purpose.
That prohibits anybody from acting as a
detective here unless lie has been specifically
appointed dor that purpose; but it goes on:
Or if pursuing tho detection of criminals as a pri-
vate business outsido of such authority, and not
otherwise specifically authorized by law, any person
so practicing shall enter into bonds.
It seems to me these two provisions are
inconsistent with each other. That word "or"
should bo "unless." The first four lines pos-
itively prohibit anybody else from pursuing tho
business, and the latter part of the section
would seem to tolerate a private detective on
his giving bonds.
Mr. MORRILL. The idea was that nobody
here should pursue this business unless he was
authorized by the authorities here ; butsuppose
a detective was sent here from abroad, they
would not refuse him the right to act, he being
properly accredited; but as his functions were
to be performed here, they would require him
to give bonds that he would faithfully perform
them so far as their jurisdiction is concerned.
That was the idea.
Air. TRUMBULL. It is the mere phrase-
ology to which I am callingthe Senator's atten-
tion. First, there is a positive prohibition against
any one acting. Then what? After making that
positive prohibition the section goes 011 at con-
siderable length in its subsequent language to
authorize other persons to act. It seems to me
this should be put in by way of exception. The
Senator from Maine sees that my objection is
merely to phraseology ; the word " or'1 it seems
to me is an improper word there.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the Senator is right
in that, and 1 am willing to accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Further, I suggest to
the Senator from Maine whether it is best to
throw that obstacle around a detective who
comes here from abroad. Professional crim-
inals, pickpockets, and thieves go from city to
city and are on the cars. They are frequently
followed by detectives who enter the cars with
them, follow them all the way, perhaps from
Boston or Chicago, to Baltimore or Washing-
ton. By the provisions of this bill a detective
who perhaps had come on the cars a thousand
miles watching suspected persons could not act
as a detective in the city of Washington when
he got here without entering into this bond. I
question very much whether that obstacle should
be thrown in the wajr of his acting. I do not
know what the mischief is; I do not know the
necessity for requiring this bond. If there is
any abuse by detectives coming here there may
be a necessity for it.
I suggest to the Senator from Maine whether
he is not placing too much of an obstacle in
the way of detectives from abroad, or private
detectives here. They have in some of tlie
cities, I know, private detectives who are very
efficient. I suppose by the prohibition of them
here it is supposed that they interfere in some
way with the regular detectives, or are objec-
tionable. I was not aware that they were found
so. I think in some of the cities there has been
organized a private detective force that has been
much more efficient than the public force in
ferreting out crime.
Mr. MORRILL. I will state the origin of
this section. It is copied from the Metropoli-
tan police system of New York. I am not sure
that the criticisms of the Senator are not en-
tirely just. In "fact I have no particular opin-
ions upon the subject. I know that, the police
board of this city are anxious to have this pro-
vision made, and our ground is this: this is a
Metropolitan policeunderthe direction of Con-
gress entirely; it is intended to be complete in
it self and to operate efficiently in the District
of Columbia. This provision goes upon the
assumption that through the efficiency of this
board of police commissioners the whole sys-
tem can be rendered more efficient operating
through it than independent of it. It is said
that is the experience in the large citics, par-
ticularly in the city of New York, where the
system has been brought perhaps to its highest
state of perfection; and tho design is that de-
tectives outsido coming here should be required
to cooperate with the Metropolitan police of
this District. That I understand to be the pur-
pose and object of this section of the bill; and
it is in conformity to a provision ingrafted upon
the Metropolitan police system of the city of
New York. I have no great desire about it.
H the Senator moves that the section be stricken
out, and is very decided in his convictions that
it ought not to be in, I have no objection, al-
though for myself I do not see that any prac-
tical difficulty will arise from it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not propose to
move to strike it out; but it struck me that the
section might create embarrassment. I pre-
sume, however, it has received the careful con-
sideration of the committee ; and if they think
it is best to retain it, I shall not object. I think
there ought to be a verbal amendmentto carry
out what the Senator intends. I suggest that
the words "or if" in the fourth line had better
be stricken out and the word "unless" be
substituted.
Mr. MORRILL. I liaye no objection to that.
The amendment wa^^greed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
HOWARD INSTITUTE AND IIOME.
Mr. WADE. 1
move to take up House bill No.
482, to incorporate the Howard Institute, &c.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
R. No. 482) to incorporate the Howard Insti-
tute and Home of the District of Columbia was
considered as in Committee of tho Whole.
.lames M. Edmunds, Sayles J. Bowen, Cor-
dial Storrs, Augustin Chester, John R. Elvans,
J. Sayles Brown, and Linus D. Bishop, and
their associates and successors, are by this bill
declared to be a body politic and corporate,
under the name and style of "The Howard
Institute and Home'' of the District of Co-
lumbia.
I he object for which this corporation is cre-
ated is the establishment of a charitable insti-
tution for the instruction of freedmen in the
industrial pursuits of life, and to fit them for
independent self-support, and to afford a tem-
porary home for such freedmen as may, from
sickness, misfortune, age, or infirnity require
fostering care until otherwise relieved. The
persons specifically named are appointed a
