1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1267
under the Constitution and laws of the United
States. lie can irecly remove, if the occasion
requires it, into another State, and there com-
mence original process, for wrongs he may have
suffered, in the courts of the United States.
But I need not dwell upon that. All will
perceive that it is of the highest possible value
to any portion of tile people living in this coun-
try io receive at the hands of their Government
the status of American citizenship and the
rights belonging thereto.
Now, sir, I present these considerations rap-
idly, hurriedly, imperfectly, simply as the rea-
sons which induce me to otter the bill which is
now presented here as a substitute for the one
pending. And now, as to the particular bill
which we are discussing, it is intended to se-
cure these citizens against injustice that may
be done them in the courts of the States within
which they may reside. It is intended to pre-
vent unequal legislation in those States affect-
ing them injuriously. That is a high and a
proper object. I will •cordially cooperate with
any portion of this House, or with the whole
House, as I hope the whole House will fa\or so
laudable an object, in securing that light to
them or to any other citizens by proper and
legitimate means. My colleague, [Mr. Davis.]
who made some remarks just before I took the
•floor, declared his purpose also to vote for any
bill which should be constitutional, designed
and calculated to secure this common object.
I was—1 will not say surprised, but somewhat
grieved, to hear the point made against him
that he required a law to be constitutional be-
fore he would give it his vote. Not in terms,
but in tone, that point was certainly made.
Now, sir, I cannot, on my conscience and on
my oath, however much I may think an object
desirable, vote for attaining it by means which
seem to me unconstitutional. 1 care not how
pressing the emergency maybe, acting here on
my responsibility as a legislator, not under the
stress of the necessities of war, but acting calmly,
supposed to be acting calmly whatever the l'act
may be, I cannot and will not vote for any bill
that may be presented here unless my judgment
is satislied that it is a constitutional bill. So
much, sir. for my own conviction upon the
subject. Moreover, on grounds of expediency. I
upon which I will not dwell, I desire raj self,
and I should feel much relieved if 1 thought
the House fully and heartily shared my anxiety,
not to pass here any bill which shall be inter-
cepted on its way lo the statute-book by well-
grounded complaints of unconstitutionality on
the part of any other department of the Gov-
ernment.
Xow, sir, I confess that there is a section of
this bill which X cannot as yet justify to my own
judgment. I shall be very happy to hear at the
proper time any argument Unit will reconcile me
to it. ft is the second section,which provides—
That any per-on who under eolor of anv law, -ii,t-
ute.oidin.innwoMiiaUon.or custom, shall subject or
cause to bo subjected any inhabitant oi any ytatc or
Territory to the deprivation oi any lialit secured or
protected by hi ' ir-r. or to different inmi-hpiont,
pains. or penalties on account ot such person having
at anytime been hold in a condition ot slavery or in-
voluntary servitude, except, a- a punishment lor en mo
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, or
by reason ot his color or race, than is prescribed for
the punishment ot white persons, shall bo deemed
faulty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall be
punished by a tine not exceeding ^1.000, or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the discre-
tion of the court.
Now, sir, unless I have entirely mistaken the
purport of that section, it provides that if a judge
or sherilf or any other oflicer of a State court
should take part in enforcing any Stale law
making distinctions among the citizens of the
State on account of race or color, he shall be
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and punished
with fine and imprisonment under tliia bill. Is
not this the plain intent and moaning of that
section? Indeed, that is its expre-s language,
its specific provision, and this is declared in ;
debate to be the only way in which the appre- |
hended injustice can be warded oil from this
class of our fellow-citizens. j
Now, sir. is it just, is it righl. have we the
power t<"> j v that a judge of a State conn shall
be punished by fine and imprisonment for en-
forcing a State law? Why, sir, if he does not
enforce it he is subject to punishment as an
officer of the State by the government of the
State. If he does enforce it, he is to be pun-
ished by tho Federal Government for thus en-
forcing it. This seems to me a direct violation
of tho rights of every State and of every State
court. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. BlXS-
iiait] takes, T infer, substantially the same view
of this matter, for he has just had read a sub-
stitute for that section. For that substitute,
so far as I now see, 1 can give my vote. It
appears to mo that that, section will attain sub-
stantially the objects which we have in view.
1 shall, however, leave him at the proper time
to speak for himself on that point.
Now, sir, one other point, and I shall con-
clude. It was urged at length and with great
force by the gentleman who preceded me in this
discussion that the condition of the southern
States absolutely requires us to take some such
strong, direct, punitive action as this, in order
to secure the rights which this bill proposes to
confer upon the citizens of the southern States.
If that were absolutely established, it would he
a consideration entitled to great weight.
But I have not been able as yet to convince
myself that tho state of the South is so wholly
and irredeemably bad as it is thus represented
to be. I have been waiting all this session for
some authoritative statement of the condition
of the South, some authentic record of its
public action since the war closed. M'e have
heard it urged from all quarters as tho reason
for legislation of all kinds. ' AVc have heard it
submitted as a reason for excluding Represent-
atives on this floor. A\*e have had it urged
upon us on every occasion when the question
of restoration is brought before us.
Yv'e have all sorts of evidence presented to
us except that which seoms to me entitled to
weight. All the hearsay evidence, all ihe sto-
ries circulated in the papers, every outrage,
every murder committed in the South, are
brought m and charged to the political condi-
tion of tho southern States. We all know per-
fectly well that a war like this leaves behind it a
great wreck, a great rltbi is of Older- peace, and
respect for law. It is so in the South. Tlie
armies di-banded there have in perhaps inany
iusUmccs bi oken up into bandn of guerrillas. A
spirit of lawlessness pervades!hem to a greater
extent than in (he northern States, for our sol-
diers went at once to their homes, to their
farms, or their professional or mechanical pur-
suits, and again became a part of the great
body of society; and yet who does not know
that all over the country, even in our northern
States, there are more crimes of violence com-
mitted than before the war or during its prog-
ress? This is the effect of war, to demoralize
the public, sentiment, of all communities until
all the people are again brought into subjection
to law and order. In the South this must be
the case to a greater extent than elsewhere.
You remember, Air. Speaker, the extraordi-
nary evidence introduced by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixoti.otj in debate the other
day. which almost took the House off its feet
and startled this Congress from its propriety.
[Laughter.] That celebrated extract aom the
Norfolk Post, which gave no in such graphic
style the udirnvs, as my friend from Connec-
ticut, [ill', Duuxu] would say. of the southern
people. Thine of us who knew what it was. rec-
ognized it at once as a caricature, a buricsqnc,
and yet it was presented as aravely a - any oi i no
other great body of now-paper evidence which,
has done givat exeeirion on thiJ floor from
time to time, a,nd it had a great deal of weisht,
and I have no doubt it the vote had then
been taken the Constitution would have been
amended. Our fundamental la.w would have
been changed by aeeiain.nioti, on the strength
of the aiartn aroused by that testimony con-
cerning the temper of the South!
But. this is all aside from what I was about to
say. Before we decide on the condition o*f the
South we ought to have authentic information.
The gentleman from Ohio will excuse me from
j refusing to be controlled by any evidence un-
less from an authentic quarter. You can find
papers in the North and in Washington filled
| with like statements to that of the Norfolk Post,
i ^Mr. WOODBRIDGli. Tho editor of the
| Norfolk paper is a Vermonter and a thoroughly
! loyal man, and in justicc to him I say that the
: article referred to is not an expression of his
I sentiments. It was inserted by him, doubtless,
as rather a burlesque than otherwise, though
I do not doubt that the article is a faithful rep-
resentation of the sentiments of a very large
portion of the South, and hence the necessity
of sucli a bill as has been reported from the
Judiciary Committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have always thought the
point of that burlesque was in the close resem-
blance to the actual utterances and .opinions
entertained in the South, proved by the evidence
laid before the House by the committee on
reconstruction.
Mr. KAYMOND. That is the point I was
coming to. Tho gentleman may have had an
opportunity to peruse that testimony ; I have
not; and before I make up my mind about the
condition of the southern States I should like _
to have an opportunity to read it. Before I
make up my mind to vote for this bill to au-
thorize the Federal Government to punish a
State judge for obeying the State laws I should
like to read that testimony. I suggest whether
it would not be worth while to wait until it has
been printed, so that we may see on what
ground wo have to act.
I will not proceed further, as I have promised
to yield to two gentlemen from Ohio who wish
to speak upon this subject [Mr. Delaxo and
Mr. Bingham] the residue of the hour to which
1 am entitled.
Mr. DELANO addressed the House. [ITis
remarks will be published in tho Appendix.]
Mr. KKHlt. Mr. Speaker, the bill of the
Senate (No. 01) in which that, body ask tho
concurrence of this House involves proposi-
tions and principles of the gravest importance.
It attempts the attainment of ends by means
hitherto untried and unheard of in congres-
sional legislation. It appeals to power which,
if it be nominated in the' bond, has lain dor-
mant since our national birth. It challenges,
therefore, and should receive, the most, dis-
passionate consideration. In times like the
present, when so much of human action is
prompted by the sentimcmls and feelings, un-
controlled by the severer discipline of reason
and legal limitations on power, it may be well
to remember, and especially for the majority
in this Congress, the words of Montesquieu:
"It is a lasting experience that oyerv man who has
power is bioaslit to the abuse of it. iXe goes on
until he finds its limit.'*
Many of the objects desired lo be secured by
this bill have my earnest sympathy. In any
effort to secure them which is, in my judgment,
consistent with the Constitution and sound pub-
lie policy, I will cheerfully cooperate. I care not
who leads. But, out of the great mercy of a
kind Providence the time has come again when
the American legislator can and ought to ap-
proach the consideration of sucli measures as
this in that, spirit of liberty so happily defined
in the following words of IDaniel \i ebster, the
great Expounder:
"The spirit of liberty is. indeed, a boM.anrt foar-
less fpinl: but it is also a -.harp- issuedfI'.iril;;t,a
caul ious 5>v<?aciou-. (.tiscviniinaaiip-, lai --eoinffmtciiL-
cjmoe: it j.-jcalcu^ oi'cncioachraent, X alousof po^vor,
jralous of mm. It demands checks it sucks tor
tfiinids: it insists on s<"cuih1<"j; it introiiches itcGit
b'-'itKul strong dei'cu^c^, orul fortifies iisolf 'Hilli all
po--0.de c\i!-e asairirt the a^sauiis of araiiaion
pulsion, it iioe*iK>ttruet the amiable vortkntseesoi
hum a. n ii r.tuye, and therefore it will not permit pov. or
t> ovor'-top ii« pieperibedLixiitf-. though oencv^icsee,
■ good i ntnnt, and patriotic purpose eomcun'iis^i tn\t.
Xotv, in this spirit lot us tiu'n to tk<? inipot-
■ lant, provisions of this biil and btiefly consider
them in their order. In the iivst .-eetion it de-
clares ''all persons hum in the f'nited states
and not subject to any foreign Power, exclud-
ing Indians not taxed, to be citizens oi the
United States without distinedon of color.
This declaration appears to me to be utterly
vain. 1 cannot persuade myself that it can
