1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
318:7
board of managers of the Howard Institute
and Home for one year from and after the
passage of the act; and thereafter a board of
managers, consisting of seven persons, is to
be elected from and by the contributors to the
means to establish the institution, for such
time and according to such rules as the cor-
poration may establish.
The corporation is to be maintained by vol-
untary contributions, gifts, donations, or be-
quests of money and other property. The
board of managers are to cause a record to be
kept of all such contributions, gifts, donations,
and bequests, with the name and residence of
each person making the same, and of all ex-
penditures made by the board for the estab-
lishment and conduct of the institute and
home, and to make an annual report exhibit-
ing the several items of expenditures and ob-
jects thereof, and generally the work accom-
plished by the corporation, to the Secretary of
the Interior, a copy of which report shall be
sent to each individual who shall have contrib-
uted not less than five dollars to the corpora-
tion during the year previous to the issuing of
the report.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
LIFE AND ACCIDENT INSUKANCK COMPANY.
Mr. YATES. I move to take up Senate bill
No. 290. The bill has already been read, and
there was some objection, I believe, of a tech-
nical character, which has been withdrawn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (8.
No. 290) to incorporate the National Life and
Accident Insurance Company of the District
of Columbia, was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
METROPOLITAN MIXING COMPANY.
Mr. C RES WELL. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 178, to incorpo-
rate the Metropolitan Mining and Manufactur-
ing Company.
The motion was agreed to; andtheSenate, as
in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. CUES WELL. I desire to propose some
verbal amendments. In the eighth line of the
first section I move to strike out the word
"company" and insert "corporation."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. In the seventeenth line
of the first section I move to fill the blank with
the word "five;" so that the clause will read:
And any pcir-on of lawful age, and a citizen of the
United States, shall be permitted to subscribe upon
paying live dollars on cach share at the time of sub-
scribing.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move to insert after
the word "election" in the sixteenth line of
section two the words "'and until their suc-
cessors shall be duly elected and qualified
so that the clause will read:
The stockholders shall then and there elect nine
directors to serve until the next ensuing election and
until their successors shall by duly eloctod and qual-
ified as provided for in this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I now move to strike
out from the nineteenth and twentieth lines of
section two the following words, "next ensuing
election, as herein provided for." and to insert
" election and qualification of his successor ;"
so that the clause will read:
And at tho first ensuing mooting of the directors
after every election they shall appoint one of their
number as president, who, together with themselves,
shall hold olfico until the election and qualification
of his successor.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I also move to strike
out the words " together with themselves" after
the word "who" in line eighteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. I next move to strike
out the word "place" in the third line of the
fourth section and insert "places;" so as to
make it plural instead of singular.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. CRESWELL. From line twelve of sec-
tion four I move to strike out the word "same"
and insert " said shares."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That verbal
correction will also be made.
Mr. CRESWELL. From the fourteenth line
of that section I move to strike out the words
"the same" and to insert "any installment
that may be due and unpaid."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. From the fifteenth and
sixteenth lines of that section I move to strike
out the words "the installment or proportion
so unpaid" and to insert in lieu thereof "the
same."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. After the words " United
States" in the sixth line of the fifth section I
move to insert the words "or of any State."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. From the foinrth line of
section six I move to strike out the word
"certain."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it were possible to
get the attention of Senators for a few moments
—the Senate is very thin—I should really like
to call their earnest attention to the character
of these bills. We are inaugurating a new sys-
tem, and we are doing it, I think, without suf-
ficient consideration. If the Congress of the
United States has made up its mind—and I
think we ought to have a full vole upon that
question—to charter companies to opeiate all
over the United States, in mining and for other
purposes, our statutes will be swelled into vol-
umes at every session. Here it is proposed to
incorporate the Metropolitan Mining and Man-
ufacturing Company, not in the District of Co-
lumbia, but to operate in my State, if you
please, as a coal company. What are they
authorized to do? The president and direct-
ors "are authorized and empowered, in be-
half of said company, to purchase and hold
by deed, for a term certain, or in fee-simple,
lands and other real estate, to carry on the
business of mining for iron ore and other native
materials, and manufacturing and preparing
the same for market, and to issue bonds," &e.
This company that is chartered here may go
into the State of Maine or into the State of
Illinois and buy as much land as they please
and carry on the business of mining and manu-
facturing there. They may go into Wisconsin.
This is a new system. Whenever a com-
pany has been authorized to operate in the
State of Illinois, and I presume in Wiscon-
sin or Ohio, they have got their charters from
those States. The Legislatures of the differ-
ent States understand the necessity for granting
these charters : and I know it has been the case
in the Slate of Illinois, and i presume it has
been in other States—probably in Kentucky
and in Delaware and in Virginia and elsewhere
—whenever a company has been chartered cer-
tain restrictions have been put upon them as
to tho amount of real estate they shall hold.
It has been considered to be contrary to the
public policy of our institutions to allow cor-
porations to acquire large tracts of real estate
and hold them in perpetuity. We. in char-
tering banks in the State of Illinois—I speak
of that State because I am more familiar with
its legislation ; but I presume it is not unlike
the legislation of Kentucky, Missouri, and other
States around us—do not authorize them to
purchase and hold real estate except such as
may be necessary for their convenience in
transacting their business ; and whenever they
acquire the title to real estate on judgments,
being compelled to bid it in for the collection
of debis. we require them to dispose of it within
a certain lime.
Now, I wish to ask Senators if they arc pre-
pared to charter companies, to, operate in Ne-
vada, if you please, or in California, with no
personal responsibility in the stockholders.
That is the case with most of these corpora-
tions. In the bill which we passed a few mo-
ments a<*o, incorporating an insurance com-
pany, it is expressly provided that the stock-
holders shall not be liable personally in any
form for any of the debts. ]f this system of
legislation is pursued it will draw to the Fed-
eral Government the chartering of all the com-
panies that are operating all over the United
States; and we are passing these bills here
without any very practical examination. Iam
quite sure they would receive a more thorough
examination in the Illinois Legislature before
that body would consent to pass them.
Is there any necessity for this in the District
of Columbia? If there is, I have no sort of
objection to the bill. If it is a company cre-
ated for the purpose of mining for iron ore and
other materials within the District, and there
is a necessity for it, I have no objection to it;
but does not anybody suppose that is the de-
sign of this? Then we are legislating for whom.?
For a private company outside of this District.
Is that legitimate?
I suggest these things by way of inquiry and
to call attention to this matter. It is a new
species of legislation upon which we are em-
barking, and (he chairman of the Committee
on the District of Columbia, I think, should
inform the Senate and we should know whether
he proposes to grant charters to carry on min-
ing and manufacturing business all over tile
United States in any of the States anywhere,
here by the Congress of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL. With the permission of
the Senator from Illinois, I will state to the
Senate the position of this question before the
committee. I agree with the Senator from
Illinois that the question is novel, that this
particular legislation is new to the Senate ; and
the committee had some doubts about it. But
the Senate will remember that on a former
occasion, when a bill of a similar type, entitled
"A bill to incorporate the National Mutual
Protection Homestead Company," was before
the'Senate, 1 took occasion to state distinctly
what the views of the committee were upon the
subject. I then stated fully, as the Senatorfrom
Illinois will remember, that i felt bound to say
that the committee was in some doubt aboutthe
propriety of the measure which was presented;
but that as a great many bills had been referred
by the Senate to tho committee for its consid-
eration, we concluded to report the measures
back to the Senate for the action of the body;
and on that occasion, as the organ of the com-
mittee, I stated particularly the new feature of
that bill, that it was a bill to charter a company
here, some of the parties living hero and some
in the States, when the theater of action was
to be in the Slates. It was creating an artifi-
cial person, so to speak, within the District of
Columbia, with the right to exercise certain
powers with the permission of the States where
they contemplated to set up operations. That
was a bill not unlike this in some of its feat-
ures. It was a bill where the parties proposed
to go into tho southern States, and purchase
and occupy and sell and lease and improve
large quantities of the unoccupied lands. We
had also before us a bill of a similar type,
which proposed to associate wealth in this way
to engage in the raising of cotton and the other
products of the southern States. So far as we
invest them with any authority here, it is sim-
ply the authority with which they would be
invested by any State Legislature.
There is no authority in any of these bills to
do any act in these States not in harmony
with the policy of the States. But that, I
know, does not reach the objection which the
Senator from Illinois raises, that il is not de-
sirable that we should enter upon this class of
legislation; that it docs not legitimately and
propei'y belong to the Government; that we
shall b,e burdened with it if wo inaugurate it.
I desire as much as he docs, and I know the
committee concur with me in desiring an ex-
pression of the Senate, whether they propose
