1268
the Congressional globe.
March 8,
accomplish any effective result. It is not an
exercise of any express power in the Constitu-
tion. It is not a law "to establish a uniform
rule of naturalization." Naturalization is the
act of investing an alien with the rights and
privileges of a native subject or citizen. (l'J
Howard 11.. 678. j But native subjects or citi-
zens need no act of naturalization to enable
them to receive from the hands of theii Gov-
ernment an enlargement of their rights and
privileges if that Government has power to en-
large them. The real purpose of this bill is to
bestow such enlargement upon the African sub-
jects of our Government. It ought to bear that
name. Any other title is a misnomer. The
act of naturalization requires some acts on the
part of the person seeking it. It implies a sub-
sisting relation to some other Government on
his part which he desires t o oast off; some allegi-
ance or obligation which he desires to renounce.
But such is not the ease with any of the per-
sons to be affected by this bill. I assume,
therefore, that this declaration is entirely nuga-
tory. But it has a purpose. It is designed to
cover up and conceal from critical observation
the real aim of this measure, which is to enlarge,
by act of Congress, the rights and privileges of
negroes, not as subjects of the Federal Govern-
ment, but as subjects or citizens of the several
States. Has Congress the power to do this?
I deny it because I can find no warrant for it
in the Constitution. But this question may
properly be further considered in connection
with the balance of the same section, which
reads as follows:
And there shall .be no discrimination in civil ri^hu
or immunities among citizens of the United States in
any State or Territory ot the United States on ac-
count of race, color, orpreviousoondition of slavery;
anrl such citizens oi evciy laeo and color, without
regard to any previous condition ot slavery or invol-
untary servitude. except as a punishment for crime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted,
shall have the same i'i'-du to make and enforce con-
tracts, to sue, bo parties, and sjive evidence, to in-
heiit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and
personal property, and to fail and equal benefit ol
ail laws and proceedings for the securiiy of person
and property as is enjoyed by white citizens, and
shall be subject to like punishment, pains, and pen-
alties, and to none other, any law, statato, ordinance,
regulation, or custom to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
The phraseology of this provision was ob-
viously dictated by a desire to find support for
it in the second section of the fourth article
of the Constitution, which provides that "the
citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the
Several States," and in the last amendment of
the Constitution abolishing slavery. So far as
the last amendment is concerned, I shall not
take time now to discuss it at any length. I
hold that it gives no power to Congress to
enact any such law as this or any other law,
except such only as is necessary to prevent
the reiistablishment of slavery. Slavery was a
domestic relation only. That relation "gave a
right to the master to require involuntary ser-
vice from his slave. That relation is now sev-
ered, and there exists now no power to renew
it. The personal freedom of the slave is es-
tablished, and no power can take it from him.
He needs no such law as this to protect him
against reenslavement or to assure his per-
sonal freedom.
_ Is it slavery or involuntary servitude to for-
bid a free negro, on account of race and color,
to testify against a white man? Is it either to
deny to free negroes, on the same account, the
privilege of engaging in certain kinds of business
in a State in which white men may engage, such
as retailing spirituous liquors? Is it either to
deny to children of free negroes of mulattoes,
on the like account, the privilege of attending
the common schools of a State with the chil-
dren of white men? Is it either for a religious
society, on the same ground, and in pursuance
of its long-established custom, to refuse to a free
negro the right to rent and occupy the most
prominent pew in its church? Is it either for
a State to refuse to free negroes and mulattoes
the privilege of settling within its boundaries or
acquiring property there?
It will require a most vigorous exercise of the
imagination to give affirmative answers to these
questions. But if these discriminations consti-
tute slavery or involuntary servitude, which are
the only tilings prohibited by the lasl constitu-
tional amendment, then whose slaves are the
persons so discriminated against? They are
not the slaves of individuals. They must, then,
be the slaves of the State. It follows, there-
fore, that my State, Indiana, has been a slave
State ever since its organization, a fact which
its citizens will hardly admit. Let it not be
inferred that I am opposed to allowing negroes
to testifv, or to providing facilities for the edu-
cation of their children. I am in favorof both.
But I assert that the Federal Government has
no power whatever to do either in the States.
The State alone has the power. The construc-
tion which would allow Congress to do these
things would give it equal power to grant the
right of suffrage and holding office in the States.
liut this act rests chieily for support on the
constitutional provision first cited, and is so
understood by its author, Senator Trumbuix,
and 1 will now return to its consideration.
This bill rests upon the theory that Congress
has the right to declare who shall be citizens
of the United States, and then to provide that
such citizens shall enjoy in the Stales all the
privileges and immunities allowed therein to
the most favored class of citizens of such Slate.
Does this right exist? If it does, it is a proper
mode of argument to trace it to its logical re-
sults, and thus test its propriety and reasona-
bleness. If it exist at all, it exists without
limit on its cxercise, except the will of Con-
gress. Congress may, then, go into any State
and break down any State constitutions or
laws which discriminate in any way against any
class of persons within or without the State.
It may thus defy and set aside the right of each
State, in the exercise of its own judgment, to
exclude certain persons from its boundaries,
or to withhold from them certain civil rights.
It can admit into Indiana negroes or mulattoes,
coolies or Mexicans, Hottentots or Bushmen,
and make them equal there in civil rights and
privileges to the highest type of human beings.
The people of the State may bo convinced,
no matter how firmly, that such classes are
unfit to be admitted to live with them or to
share full civil rights with them, or that their
presence will tend to demoralize or to destroy
their society and ultimately their institutions.
But all this makes no difference. They have
no right to liave any opinions on these sub-
jects. The saered right of self-defense is to
this extent surrendered by them and by the
States to Congress. Congress may present in-
ducements to all the inferior races of the earth
to seek asylums and civil rights in America,
and then declare them citizens of the United
States ; and by the magic power of this decla-
ration invest them with all the high civil rights
accorded to any class of citizens in any State
in which they may please to abide. We may
thus, by the liberal exercise of this mighty
power, become substantially Africanized, Mex-
ieanizecl, or Coolyizecl, and our glorious insti-
tutions and national and personal individuality
give place to anarchy and weakness. Was any
intention to confer such power on Congress
ever expressed ? Did our ancestors ever inti-
mate any such intention?
There is certainly nothing in our early history
to justify such an opinion. There is nothing in
the writings or the proceedings of the early
councils of our statesmen to justify it. There
was nothing in the circumstances, customs, or
laws of the colonies or States at the date of the
formation of the Constitution to support it. On
the contrary, they are all utterly and irrecon-
cilably at variance with any such views. There
were no two colonies or States in which there
were not discriminations against such classes,
differing both in extent and principle. Is it
rational to suppose that theframersof the Con-
stitution intended to clothe Congress with power
to wipe out these discriminations, to break down
these barriers, and determine for each State the
civil status of every person, of any race or color,
who should elect to settle therein? The prop-
osition is alarming. It is most dangerous. It
suggests its own most emphatic denial. (19
Howard R., 679.)
There is an equal lack of evidence in the
subsequent practice of the States and in the
decisions of the courts to sustain such a doc-
trine. There is not one single adjudication,
State or Federal, that approves or tolerates any
such claim of power in Congress.
But it is said that this bill is justified by sec-
tion two, article four, of the Constitution. Let
us analyze somewhat that provision:
"The citizens of each State shall be entitled to all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States."
It will not be claimed that this permits the
citizen of Ohio who desires to become a citi-
zen of Indiana to carry with him into the latter
and enjoy there the "privileges and immuni-
ties" which he enjoyed in the former State.
Chancellor Kent, speaking of this provision,
says:
"The laws and usages of one State cannot be per-
mitted to prescribe qualifications for citizens, to be
claimed and exercised in other States, in contraven-
tion to their local policy."
This opinion is sustained by the decisions
and opinions of other judges and statesmen
too numerous to be cited here. (2 Kent, 71;
19 Howard 11., 405.)
It will hardly be claimed that this or any-
other provision gives Congress power to declare
who shall be citizens of each State. Neither
government can confer citizenship in the other.
The provision in question only requires that
the citizens of each State shall enjoy certain
privileges in the other States to which they may
temporarily or permanently remove; but not
that citizens of the United States shall enjoy
such privileges in the States. We should not
confound the rights of citizenship which a State
may confer within its own limits and the rights
of citizenship as a member of the Union. It
does not follow that because a person has all
the rights and privileges of a citizen of a State
he must be a citizen of the United States. He
may have all the rights and privileges of the
citizen of a State and yet not be entitled to the
rights and privileges of a citizen in any other
State. Previous to the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States every State had
the undoubted right to confer on whomsoever
it pleased the character of citizen, and to endow
him with all its rights. But this character was
confined to its own boundaries, and gave no
rights or privileges in other States beyond those
secured by the law of nations and the comity
of States.
The States have not surrendered the power
of conferring these rights and privileges by
adopting the Constitution of the United States.
Each State may still confer them upon an
alien, or any one it thinks proper, or upon any
class or description of persons; yet they would
not be citizens in the sense in which that word
is used in the Constitution of the United States,
nor entitled to sue as such in its courts, nor to
the privileges and immunities of citizens in the
other States. Congress has the exclusive right
to establish a uniform rule of naturalization
for citizenship in the Union. It may confer
what Mr. Story calls " a general citizenship,"
which would entitle the recipient of it to the
protection of the General Government within
the sphere of its constitutional power, and
would confer certain fundamental rights, which
I will not stop now to enumerate. But they
are by no means identical with those attempted
to be secured by this bill. Congress might
declare every person of foreign birth, of what-
ever race or color, who should come to this
country a citizen of the United States on
merely taking an oath of allegiance. _ Would
that entitle such persons to citizenship in every
State of the Union ? And if it did, to what
civil and political rights would it entitle them?
(19 Howard R., 405, 578, 579.)
Again, it should be borne in mind that by
its terms the provision in question relates to
the privileges and immunities which the citi-
zens of each State shall enjoy when in any of
the other States. Now, when I, a citizen of
