58188
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
to give countenance to this class of bills. If
they do, we are in the way of our duty in re-
porting them. We did report them, and we
did say when they were reported that it was
entering upon a new species of legislation;
but the committee arc of opinion, so far as
authority is concerned, that there does not
seem to be any authority against it, because
we do not invest these parties with any power
to act outside of the District of Columbia, ex-
cept in submission to the authority, State or
Federal, wherever they go.
Mr. WADE. I agree with what the Senator
from Maine lias said on this subject. The
Committee on the District of Columbia have
had a great many applications to establish this
kind of incorporations. I really do not know
anything new in principle that arises here.
"VVe have power, 1 suppose, to legislate in this
District to the same extent that a State Legis-
lature has in a State. We can do anything
not contrary to the Constitution of the United
States or repugnant to the principles of our
Government, in this District, to exactly the
•extent that a State may do. The mere loca-
tion of a corporation is nut of very much con-
sequence. I suppose it makes very little
difference where an incorporation is estab-
lished. They can, in the absence of all author-
ity of the State to the contrary, operate in any
State to (he same extent that an individual
Call, but always subject to the authority, limita-
tion, and control of the State in which they set
lip their business. Indeed, it is common for
our great corporations that have an extended
business, which requires a great deal of capital
and a great many persons to associate together
properly to carry it on, to operate in many of
the States. That principle is familiar to every-
body. There is the celebrated life insurance
company at Hartford, Connecticut, perhaps
one of the largest and wealthiest corporations
in the United States, and I suppose it is in the
full tide of operation in every State of the
Union, from the Atlantic to the Pacific, ft is so
with your banking- corporations, your express
companies, and a great many others. They
can do business anywhere. Whenever there
is a legislative body that has power to incor-
porate a company, to give it perpetual succes-
sion , so thatit can go on and do its business, when
it gets its charter, it is perfectly immaterial
where it may be located. It must conform, of
course, to tiie legislation of the States where
it goes to do its business. Take a life insur-
ance company: if it undertakes to set up busi-
ness in the State of New York it must have
at least $200,000 of capital paid in, and that
State imposes some other limitations; but
these being complied with, the State permits
them to go on and establish their branches
there without any regard to where the main
corporation is located. So with other incor-
porations.
I cannot sec, therefore, that there is any-
thing new in the principle of incorporating
these institutions in the District of Columbia.
Wo have as much power and authority to doit
as a State. Legislature has to do it in a State.
Whether it shall be in the District of Co-
lumbia or in a State of this Union seems to
me to be very unimportant. Whatever the
terms and the restrictions arc is always of im-
portance.
If, as the Senator from Illinois says, wo in-
corporated a company without any personal
liability, we did wrong, and we should have
done equally wrong in that if we had been
legislating for a State. We should not give
such a latitude as that; but we should place
them under wholesome and wise restrictions,
and then they are as safe in this District as
anywhere else ; and it brings us back barely to
this question: shall we allow ourselves to give
these acts of incorporation, or shall we turn
the parties off to the States? I admit that
the business maybe a little troublesome to us,
but it is frequently a great convenience to do
it here. Our whole legislation should be for
the benefit of the people of the United States,
and we can do this as amply, as justly, and
with as little objection as any State can. When
the people apply to me as a legislator, and I
can find no reason why I may not do what
they want as well as any other authority, I
do not feel like turning them off somewhere
else.
This is all I have to say on the question.
If there is any objection to the bill it must be
to the incorporation itself. That is simply
associating wealth in a few hands in enabling
them to do business, and it is just as objection-
able in a State as it is in this District. A great
commercial people, full of enterprise and of
all kinds of business, like the people of the
United States, have found that it is necessary
to form corporations, and they will continue
to do it, either in this District or in the States,
and I have no objection to their doing it here.
Therefore it is that wo have passed a great
many of these acts of incorporation, and I see
no reason why we should cease to do it. If
there are objections to the sweeping allowance
given to this company I am for restricting it.
Mr. CONNESS. I will not undertake to
discuss the question of power involved in this
case, but .leave that to gentlemen learned in
the law who are here ; but the tendency of this
legislation seems to me to be as bad as any-
thing can be. What is it? A number of gen-
tlemen, citizens of different States, want to
engage in business in a corporate capacity;
and in place of making an application to one
of the States in which they belong, they come
here to Congress to make their application
where they are comparatively unknown. If
they made their application at home where
they were known, the local Legislature would
bo a judge of their fitness and capacity to re-
ceive the great grant of powers that are always
given to a corporate body.
It is said that it enables an association, an
aggregation of wealth. The local Legislature
would be competent to determine whether it
was to be an aggregation of wealth or an ag-
gregation of persons representing no wealth at
all, who in a careless manner, to be provided in
a congressional act, might go forward and go
forth as being capitalists when they really had
no capital, but the appearance of it merely
that was given by a congressional act of incor-
poration. Because Congress has the right and
power to legislate exclusively for the District
of Columbia, many persons coine here to call
upon us to exercise that power by extending
to them, not citizens of the District of Colum-
bia, not residents of it at all, corporate pow-
ers. That seems to me to bo a very dangerous
practice to encourage.
In every aspect of the case that I can view
it, it is a class of legislation tliatT think should
not be done. Inaugurate it once, and your
tables will groan under bills induced by ap-
plications from all portions of the Union.
To organize this company and allow them to
carry on a corporate business in the State of
California, for instance mining, under restric-
tions not such as that Slate imposes upon those
who transact such business within its limits,
seems to mo to be very wrong indeed. We
are very careful in that State what class of
acts wo pass. Indeed no special act of incor-
poration is allowed to be passed under the
constitution of that State; but there is a gen-
eral incorporation law under which a given
number of the citizens of the State may organ-
ize for the purposes allowed by that law,
and they arc held and required to pay in a
given amount i of capital before they begin.
They are required by the constitution of that
State to have a certain degree of responsibility
for their transactions as corporators and as
individuals; and the law passed in obedience
to the State constitution, the general act, re-
quires conformance to its provisions. We do
not want, certainly in that State, that Congress
shall organize companies that shall be empow-
ered to operate within our State and who are
not subject to our control.
Mr. MORI-JILL. The Senator will allow
me to suggest that on that point this bill is sub-
jected to the local authorities wherever it goes.
They oan do nothing against your authority
and without your consent.
Mr. CONFESS. "We do not know anything
about them. They are strangers to us. We are
to institute a system, in the first place, of in-
vestigation ; weareto command them to appear
before us, and to ask them who they are, what
they are, what capital they have, and what they
are going to do. I submit that we had better
not do it at all, and that really our proper sphere
and bound in the premises is to legislate for this
District, and not for outside of this District, in
these matters. I cannot conceive of legislation
more, not simply unhealthy, but calculated to
result in effects so vicious as this.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I am very glad the
Senator from California has felt it to be his
duty to resist the passage of this bill. I was
appealed to by an esteemed friend to support
the bill, and should be very glad to do so if I
could; but it seems to me that it is a species of
legislation that we ought to defeat at once; and
I had not expected the very able chairman of
the District Committee to advocate the pas-
sage of this bill. He had contributed by his
able argument to some extent to the formation
of my judgment upon measures of this sort.
His argument against the power of Congress
to authorize the construction of railroad and
telegraph lines through the States seemed to
me to be entirely conclusive. The only differ-
ence between the measure which he then op-
posed and the one which he now advocates is,
that this is within the letter but outside of the
spirit and purpose of the Constitution. The
Constitution authorizes us to legislate for this
District, for the business and people of the Dis-
trict. Now, I do not question that Congress
may establish a corporation, may pass a law
creating a corporation for business purposes
within this District; but when we know that
the corporation is not to exercise its powers
within the District, and that it is intended to
exercise those powers somewhere else, we are
legislating for a purpose not within the District,
and keeping ourselves within the letter of the
Constitution, we go outside of the purpose and
spirit of that document.
Can we establish a corporation in the State
of California? Unquestionably not. But it is
proposed here that we shall incorporate a gold
mining company, when we know there is no
gold in the District of Columbia. By the way,
I did hear that there was gold discovered re-
cently in the District. How that may turn out
I do not know; but wo know pretty well that
there is no gold in the District.
i Mr. SP11AGUE. There is some in the
Treasury.
Mr. IlENDjRICKS. That is mined for pretty
successfully. It does not need any incorpo-
rated company to mine for the gold in the Treas-
ury. When we know that there are no gold
mines in the District of Columbia, shall we
incorporate a mining company not to operate
in the District? But that company we antici-
pate is to secure the consent of California and
exorcise its powers in the State of California.
I think this is entirely outside of the spirit of
the Constitution. If any gentlemen of the Dis-
trict of Columbia want to carry on important
business in any of the States of this Union,
why do they not go to the States and get the
authority? If Senators desire that some very
important pursuit shall be carried on in the
State of Indiana, is that a sufficient reason for
the incorporation of a company by Congress
to go into the State of Indiana and exercise
its powers? Let the gentlemen who wish to
establish such an institution go to the State,
and if it is the pleasure of the Legislature to
grant them the power, all right.
We all know that this company is not forthis
District. That is known in advance. It is not
required for any purpose in the District of
Columbia, but for operations outside of the
District. Now, I ask the Senator from Maine
who advocates this bill, what is the difference
if we intend, and that is the only purpose of
the bill, this company to go into the State of
Maryland or Virginia and mine for coal—what
