1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2229
Mr. CLARK. Only one man, so far as I
know, states the weight of the engines.
Mr. NYE. The foot appears 
Mr. CLARK. They state generally that
they weighed more.
Mr. NYE. Will the gentleman allow me to
make a suggestion?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. The fact appeared clearly before
our committee that the weight of the engines
of the double-enders was about the same. 1
mil ask the Senator from Indiana if he did
not so understand it ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. I under-
stood when the specifications and drawings
came to be examined they corresponded.
,Mr. NYE. They were alike.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There was no differ-
ence.
Mr. GRIMES. It is due to Mr. Isherwood
iand to the Navy Department to state that they
' Bay that to each one of these contractors to
whom the $82,000 was paid the specifications
were delivered when the "contract was made.
The drawings were not delivered, but the
specifications were placed in their hands.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That was when the
contract was signed, not when the work was
commenced.
Mr. CLARK. The point to which I wish
to call the attention of the Senator from
Nevada is, that only one person undertook to
state the weight of these engines before the
board. The board was not established for any
such purpose. The board was simply estab-
lished to ascertain and to report what was the
cost of the work.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. CLARK. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. How could they ascertain what
this work cost unless they ascertained the
weight of the engines and machinery?
Mr. CLARK. In various ways. I do not
know how specific the bills may have been. I
do not know whether these gentlemen put in
the weight of the raw material; whether they
put in the weight of the engines or whether
they fixed their bills in some other shape, upon
the day's work or in some other way. That
does not appear here, and that is the very
point. They could put bills of cost in differ-
ent shapes, and, I dare say, did put them in
different shapes. I dare say the material cost
differently to different individuals. Some, per-
haps, would pay more and some less. This
commission was appointed for the purpose of
ascertaining the cost over and above the con-
tract price and allowance for extra work, and
report the same to the Senate. That was their
work, to ascertain the cost, not to ascertain the
equities on the other side; not to say what was
required by the contract and what was furnished
by the contractors, but simply to ascertain the
cost and report that. I desire a very different
thing. I desire that the equities on the other
side should be stated in regard to the cost, and
that we should have the whole matter intelli-
gently before the Senate.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I do not rise to discuss
this question, but only to make an observation
in reply to the Senator-soldier from New
Hampshire. He has talked about the battle
of Fair Oaks and said something about Mal-
vern Hill, and he has spoken about, a general
who is absent. The maxim " de mortuis nil
nisi bonum," applies to the absent as well as
to the dead.
Mr. CLARK. Put in the dead. [Laughter.]
Mr. McDOUGALL. He will live beyond
your period. General George B. McClellan
was an excellent soldier and a true patriot.
If General McDowell had been allowed to
make his movement as he was directed, ac-
cording to General McClellan's advice, down
to Yorktown to support him, he would have
been in Richmond very shortly. Cowardly
men withheld his forces for the defenses of
Washington, and therefore General McClel-
lan had -not the material with whiolx to ad-
vance. I am no especial admirer of General
George B. McClellan; but I speak this for
justice. After having captured Yorktown,
with a worse siege than the first time when
Yorktown was taken, the history of which is
indicted in the Rotunda, he advanced and
lacked simply the support that he required in
his own programme as a military man accord-
ing to the strategy that- he had stated. Per-
haps the Senator-soldier from New Hampshire
has learned the retreat of the Ten Thousand and
Moreau out of the Black Forest; perhaps he
went with Hannibal and Napoleon across the
Alps ; perhaps he has fought on many fields ;
perhaps he is able to lay down with Hachia-
velli the science and art of war. I say those
remarks about General George B. McClellan
are unwarranted, for he was a gallant man
and a patriotic man. It is still a question
pending whether he was a great general or
not. [Laughter.]
Mr. RIDDLE. Mr. President, these extra-
neous questions, I think, should not be lugged
into a debate on so important a matter as this.
On a former occasion, some days since, I ex-
pressed my views upon this bill, and told the
Senate that I would discuss it hereafter if
necessary. That discussion I think now un-
necessary. I then said, and I intend to ad-
here to it at present, that I would vote for the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa, and if
that amendment should be adopted I would
vote for the bill. I infinitely prefer now the
motion of the honorable Senator from Mis-
souri, and why? What is the reason for it?
It is to enable us to winnow the wheat from
the chaff. It has been shown us that some of
these allowances ought to be made and some
ought not to be made. Now give us time to
examine into this matter. There is no me-
chanic suffering from this delay; the mechan-
ics are all paid off; and I venture to assert,
and challenge contradiction, that nearly every
one, if not every one, of the gentlemen who
made these contracts had made a fortune out
of the Government before he lost something
on these contracts. It was their own option
that they took the contracts. They made their
contracts with their sub-contractors before they
assumed the great contract, and if they lose on
one and we are compelled to compensate them
for that loss, should they not, with the same
propriety, come back and pay us the excess of
what they made upon the others? Would not
that be justice? Would not that be fair to the
Government?
The details which are cited by Senators on
this floor are comparatively unimportant. If
these gentlemen nave just claims upon the
Government, let them present their claims to
the Court of Claims; or, if they prefer it, let
them bring their individual cases before the
Senate, and have them examined upon their
merits. I may vote, perhaps, for all of them;
certainly for some; but let us have the just
claims presented separately from the unjust
claims. I am not going to discuss this ques-
tion; but I repeat now what I have said here-
tofore, that if we are going to make this allow-
ance, if we are going to open the door, there
will be no closing it. As was remarked by the
Senator from New Hampshire, why cannot
your wagon-makers come in for an additional
allowance ? Why cannot your contractors who
contracted to deliver hay for twenty dollars a
ton and had to give thirty dollars for it come
in for additional pay? Where are you going
to stop? That is the question. My plan is
to postpone the subject, or rather it is the plan
of the Senator from Missouri, and I shall vote
for that with all my heart. I trust the Senate
will postpone the bill in order that we may
winnow out the wheat from the chaff.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Doo-
little in the chair.) The question is on the
motion of the Senator from Missouri, [Mr.
Hkn'oersos,] that this bill be postponed until
the first Monday of December next; and upon
(hat question the yeaa and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays 24; as follows:
TEAS—Messrs. Clark, Davis, Doolittle, Guthrie,
Henderson, Howe, Kirkwood, Riddle, Sherman,
Trumbull, and Wade—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conness, Cra-
ftm, Foster, Grimes. Harris, Hendricks, Howard,
Johnson, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Poland,
Pomeroy, Eamsey, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Van
WinMe, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—24.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buekalew, Cowan, Cres-
woll, Dixon, Edmunds, Fessenden, Lano of Indiana,
Lane of Kansas, MoDougall, Norton, Saulsbury,
Wright, and Yates—14.
So the motion was not agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring, in the Senate, with
the amendments made m Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move to recom-
mit the bill and the amendments to the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish simply to say ifj.
connection with my votes on this proposition,
that I voted against the postponement because
it is within my knowledge that some of the
claimants comprehended by the bill deserve
what is due them by the Government, for
I believe sums are due them by the Govern-
ment. But, although I believe that, I can-
not vote for the bill in its present shape. I
cannot agree to give twelve per cent, to parties
who it has been clearly shown in the Senate
are not entitled to a dollar, in order that those
who are deserving shall be paid. Legislation
of that kind cannot have my vote. It is not
measured, in my opinion, by justice, for when
we speak of justice wc must never forget that
there is more than ono party who requires it
at our hands. No addition, in my opinion,
can bo made at this time to the public indebt-
edness without the perpetration of a crime. It
is an absolute crime, in my opinion. I say for
myself that nothing can induce me to perpe-
trate that by my vote.
I am willing to vote the uttermost farthing
that shall be ascertained to be due to any or
all of the contractors who are parties compre-
hended by this bill; but only upon an exami-
nation of the cases; and I believe, and have
believed from the beginning, that a specific
examination of each case will lead to the pay-
ment of those who are most worthy at the
earliest period of time.
It may be, Mr. President, that the Senate
may pass the bill in its present form. If they
shall do so of course I have no condemnation
to utter in advance of what a majority may do ;
but until it is done by a vote of the Senate,
I shall not believe that the Senate of the Uni-
ted States will pass the present bill or any
bill made up as it is, comprehended as it is,
putting upon the same level every class of
claimants entitled to every degree of consid-
eration. My opinion is that it should be com-
mitted for the separate examination of the
claims. Whether that committal should be to
the Committee on Naval Affairs or not is a
question for the Senate to decide. I am per-
fectly willing that it should go there with in-
structions to them to report upon each case
separately. I am prepared upon such a plan
to be even generous as well as just to those
who are found emimently worthy by the exam-
ination to be made. My own choice would be
to commit it to the Committee on Claims of
this body.
Mr. CLARK. We do not want it.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator, who is chair-
man of that committee here, says he does not
want it. I knew that; and although the Sen-
ator has discussed this measure with a clear-
ness and acumen that commonly belong to
him on every subject, and evidencing the in-
dustry that is of so much value to this nation,
I have so much confidence in the Senator's
sense of justice that I believe the cases having
merit would receive due consideration at his
hands.
It was suggested bytheSenatorfromNevada,
who addressed the Senate a few moments ago
t on tihis subject, that the chairman of tlae Com-
