1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4140
female orphan asylum.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported a bill to amend an
act entitled' "An act to incorporate the trust-
ees of the Female Orphan Asylum, of George-
town, and the Washington City Orphan Asy-
lum, of the Distrietof Columbia," passed May
24, 1828; which was read a first and second-
time.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
road a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
national telegram association.
On motion of Mr. WOODBRIDGE, the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary was discharged from
the further consideration of House bill No.
237, to incorporate the National Telegraphic
Union Association; which was laid on the
table.
william joslin.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE, from the Committee
on the Judiciary, reported back House bill No.
584, for the relief of William Joslin, with a
recommendation that the same do pass.
The bill was read at length. It directs the
Secretary of the Treasury to issue to William
Joslm, of the State of Vermont, bonds of the
United States to the amount of $5,250 in lieu
of an equal amount of bonds alleged to have
been destroyed by fire while in possession of
said Joslin, as owner and trustee for others,
provided satisfactory evidence shall be fur-
nished to the Secretary of the Treasury of the
destruction of the bonds so claimed to have
been destroyed.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
bo engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. For one, I am
opposed to any such legislation.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will explain the
object of the bill in a few words. I am aware
that there is a feeling in this House, heretofore
developed, that in cases of the destruction of
bonds of the United States other bonds in lieu
thereof should not be issued. But the facts in
this case are peculiar, and as to the loss of the
bonds conclusive. Mr. Joslin is a citizen of
the town where I reside. He had in a box
$5,250 in United States bonds, but did not
have the numbers of them. 11'he had had the
numbers they would have been duplicated by
the Treasurer of the United States. A fire
occurred during a very windy night. He
rushed to the place where the box was depos-
ited in which these bonds were placed, and
took it with him. He then went to another
room with the box, for the purpose of obtain-
ing some valuable papers there. But he was
driven from the room by the flames, and was
obliged to leave the box and papers there, and
tliey were destroyed with everything that he
had. The box and the papers were of course
consumed. But a watch that was in the box
with these bonds, was found in the ruins as
soon as they could be examined. There is no
doubt about the loss of these bonds.
Now, every member here knows that if the
papers had consisted of notes against persons,
a recovery could be had upon them. If bank
bills had been destroyed, and the proof of their
destruction had been as full as is the proof of
the destruction of these bonds, then the banks
at a suit of law would be obliged to refund the
money which had been destroyed. Now, this
is a case eminently just. The Government can
suffer no loss. These are notes which the Gov-
ernment has issued; they are evidences of in-
debtedness which, beyond all controversy, have
been destroyed by fire.' And is it fair and hon-
orable for us to say that when by an act of
Providence property of that kind is destroyed,
the Government of the United States will ab-
solutely cheat the owners outright?
Sir, the cases should be met as they comc up,
one after the other. They should be subjected
to the closest scrutiny; and when it is de-
termined that the property is absolutely de-
stroyed, and that the Government can lose
nothing, there should be no hesitation on the
part of the Government in meeting its just
debts, or renewing the evidence of its indebt-
edness. If we refuse to do this, we are not
acting in the manner in which we deal with one
another as neighbors and business men. If
there should be presented to any gentleman of
this House proof that the evidence of a debt
for which he was justly bound had been de-
stroyed, he would at once come forward and
renew the evidence of indebtedness. This bill
simply proposes that the Government shall do
what every one acknowledges ought always to
be done as between man and man.
Mr. JENCKES. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether the bill provides that the claimant
shall give a bond of indemnity to the Govern-
ment.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The bill does not in
its terms provide for a bond of indemnity,
because it is not known what were the numbers
of these bonds. They were held by the gen-
tleman, a portion for himself, a portion as
guardian for two young children, and a portion
as agent for a widow.
Mr. JEXClvES. If the Government issues
new evidences of indebtedness, why should it
not require a bond of indemnity against any
further claim?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Because the proof
of the loss of the bonds is so conclusive that
no gentleman investigating the circumstances
could doubt it.
Mr. JENCKES. But there is no proof
before the House now.
Mr. WOODBKIDGE. I havo no sort of
objection to a provision requiring that a bond
shall be given. But the bill now requires that
the Secretary of the Treasury shall, before
duplicating these bonds, be convinced beyond
the shadow of a doubt that the bonds were
destroyed. All the proof must.be made to the
Secretary of the Treasury before the bonds are
duplicated. When men have stood by the
nation, assisting it by investing their money in
the national securities, and have had the mis-
fortune to have those securities destroyed, why
should the Government commit the gross injus-
tice of refusing to duplicate the evidences of
its indebtedness ?
Mr. SPALDING. We havo no doubt as to
the equity of duplication of the evidence of
indebtedness in such a case as the gentleman
describes. What we want is to be satisfied
that this is such a case, and that proper pro-
vision is made so that the Government can
protect itself.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The proof is" as con-
clusive as any the gentleman ever had before
him as a lawyer or judge.
Mr. SPALDING. Has the gentleman any
description of the bonds at all?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I have all the de-
scription that can be given. These bonds
were purchased and put into the hands of this
gentleman, a part of them as the guardian of
these children; and he does not know the
numbers. Proof is to bo made to the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, who is to be satisfied be-
yond doubt that the bonds have been lost.
Why should we refuse to do justice in a case
like this?
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to know whether
these bonds can be identified, so that the Gov-
ernment can be protected from loss if the bonds
are still outstanding.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. The bonds cannot be
identified, because the gentleman cannot state
the numbers.
Mr. SPALDING. Then of course it must
be his loss.
Mr. DELANO. Will the gentleman from
Vermont yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Certainly.
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not rise
for the purpose of opposing this measure; but
I desire to say to the gentleman from Vermont
and to the House that it involves a question
which ought to be considered with great delib-
eration. The question has been before the
Committee of Claims; and the applications of
this sort are very numerous indeed. There are
now on record in the Treasury Department
cases in which it is shown that securities 
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. With the leave of
the gentleman from Ohio, I will move to amend
the bill by adding a provision that a satisfac-
tory bond shall bo given to the Secretary of the
Treasury to secure the Government against any
loss.
^Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
will yield a moment, I wish to state that this
report does not comc to the House with the
indorsement or recommendation of the com-
mittee from which it comes. The committee
consented that the gentleman might report the
bill; but I do not wish it to be understood that,
the Committee on the Judiciary indorse the bill.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I beg the gentle-
man's pardon; I do not desire to misrepresent
the committee. I understood some members
of the committee were in favor of the bill. It
may be as a special favor to me I was permit-
ted to report it for the action of the House.
Mr. W ILSON, of Iowa. That is correct.
Mr. DELANO. I want to state to the House
that the conclusion arrived at by the Commit-
tee of Chums of the Senate, as well as of the
House, after consulting the officers of the
Treasury, was that it is not safe for the Gov-
ernment to attempt to duplicate the securities
of the United States which are in circulation;
that it is not safe to duplicate in any case
where the numbers of the securities cannot be
given ; and that even then there should be, as
1 understand there is in this ease, before the
committee, clear and exclusive evidence of the
destruction of the bonds. Then the Govern-
ment is safe. I do not rise to oppose this meas-
ure. There is not a member on this floor I
would sooner accommodate than the gentle-
man from Vermont, but I am constrained to
say, as the sense of tho Committee of Claims,
that I doubt tho propriety of duplicating the
securities of tho Government where the num-
bers cannot be given. That is the only abso-
lute safety the Governmenthas in the premises.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to add that
a bond satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall be given by the'claimant to secure the
United States against any other claim for the
bonds alleged to be lost.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
The House divided on the passage of the
bill; and there were—ayes 58, noes 36.
Mr. COBB demanded tho yeas and nays.
Tho yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
swearing in of a member.
Mr. BUCKLAND stated that Hon. John W.
Leftwicix, member-elect from Tennessee, was
present and desired to be sworn in.
Mr. Leftwich appeared at the Speaker's
desk, and was accordingly sworn in.
nepotism.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, reported a bill to regulate the ap-
pointment of clerks and commissioners of bail;
which was read a first and second time.
It provides that it shall not hereafter be law-
ful for any judge of the circuit or the district
courts of the United States to appoint or com-
mission to the office of clerk or commissioner
of bail in either of said courts any person or'
