1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3189
is the difference between our action in spirit
and in fact and our establishing a railroad cor-
poration to run. a railroad from Pittsburg to
Cleveland ? I think no Senator will say that
we have the power to authorize the construc-
tion of a railroad in the State of Ohio to go
over the people's lands, to condemn their lands,
and all that; but what is the difference in spirit?
Suppose we organize a railroad company in the
District of Columbia, and we know the railroad
is not to be built in the District, but is to be
built somewhere else, in the State of Maryland,
for instance, are we justified simply because we
say that the company must secure the consent
of Maryland before it shall exercise its power
in the State of Maryland?
Mr. WADE. Whether it is a mining com-
pany or a railroad company, if it wished to
operate in Maryland or Ohio, it must, ofcourse,
get the consent of Maryland or Ohio in the one
case as much as the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know that is the
apology for this bill. You do not want to
build a railroad in the District, but you waut
to build one in the State of Maryland. If that
is the purpose, why not go to the State of
Maryland and get a charter?
Mr. MORRILL. As the Senator from In-
diana has alluded to me, he will permit me to
suggest the obvious distinction between this
bill and the case he puts of the legislation to
which he refers. This bill provides an act of
incorporation in the District of Columbia. It
does not give the corporation the right to exer-
cise any authority outside of this District; it
does no tin vest 1 hem with one particle of power
outside ; but they are authorized here to create
a manufacturing establishment of iron. Then
they would have a right to send their agent
into Pennsylvania and purchase lands for min-
ing both coal and iron ; but of coarse they
would have to do it in submission to the laws
of Pennsylvania, both State and municipal;
because the Senator will see that there is not
a particle of power conferred on them to go
to Pennsylvania clothed with any authority
whatever; and therefore I suggest to him
most respectfully that there is no question of
power involved. As to the constitutionality of
the measure, we are clearly within the scope,
because we only invest them with power in this
District. Being an artificial person, they may
go abroad just as a natural person would ; but
they must trust their luck. If they find the
local authority against them they must retire.
I submit to the honorable Senator that that
is the distinction between this case and the
one to which I spoke the other day. The real
question in my mind, and on that I hesitate—
and I beg the Senate to observe that I am not
committed to the advocacy of this bill—is the
question raised by the Senator from Illinois.
That is the true question, whether we ought
not, in granting corporations, to limit and re-
strain them to the District of Columbia; or
if wo do not do that, whether we should not
decline to associate gentlemen and give them
corporate powers if we know their purpose is
to operate outside of the District, and not in
it. On that question, as a matter of policy, I
think there is very great doubt.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not think it is a
question of policy; nor do I think it is a ques-
tion whether this hill is within the letter of
the Constitution; but I think it is a question
whether this bill is within the spirit of the
Constitution. The Constitution simply author-
izes Congress to legislate for the District of
Columbia. We know that this legislation is
not for the District of Columbia. We know
that it is to create an artificial body to travel
outside of the District of Columbia, and ob-
tain the assent of the State to exercise the
powers that we confer somewhere else than in
the District of Columbia.
But, sir, just, what this corporation can do
it is a little difficult to say, from the reading
of the bill. I do not know where all the cor-
porators live. It proposes that John Ford,
George D. Williams, and others—perhaps they
are citizens of the District; I do not know—
be "authorized and empowered to receive sub-
scriptions to the capital stock of a company to
be denominated the Metropolitan Mining and
Manufacturing Company,''' and then the bill
directs how they shall be organized, and how
the affairs of the company shall be conducted.
Then the bill provides, in the sixth section—■
That the president and directors are hereby em-
powered and fully authorized, on behalf of said com-
pany, to purchase andholdbydeedforaterra certain
or in fee-simple lands and other real estate, and to
carry on the business of mining for iron ore and other
native minerals, and manufacturing and preparing
the same for market; and to issue bolide not exceed-
ing one half of the capital stock, upon such terms as
may be deemed for the best interests of the company.
The seventh section provides—
That the president and directors aro hereby em-
powered and lully authorized, on beliall ol said com-
pany, to lease, demise, bargain, sell, and convey any
lands and real estate which may be owned or held by
said company, and to exeoutc and deliver to pur-
ohabersgood and sufficient deeds tlierefor.
The sixth section undertakes to describe the
scope and power of this corporation to pur-
chase and hold land, without limit and without
location except at the pleasure of the company.
It is not to acquire and hold land in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, but wherever they desire to
purchase land; and then the next section au-
thorizes them to sell any of these lands. Thus,
under this charter, this company propose to
accomplish what that magnificent scheme which
was before Congress two or three months ago
was proposed to accomplish — the National
Land Association scheme; a grand combina-
tion of wealth to speculate in lands. Now, is it
the purpose of Congress to authorize any com-
pany to become, without restraint, the owners
of the real estate of the country? I do not
know of a single State in the Union in which
such a policy is tolerated. In the Stales in-
corporated companies are restricted in the
acquisition of real estate to the purposes of
the company. They arc not allowed to buy
and sell land for the purpose of speculation.
But where are these parties to mine and to
manufacture their minerals? Not in the Dis-
trict, f take it; buttheyarcto secure the consent
of some State to do it in that State. Then we
come back to the question, whether it is our
right, under the spirit of the Constitution, to
organize an artificial body, not with the pur-
pose of doing anything in the District of Co-
lumbia, but for the purpose of doing something
somewhere else; to create an artificial body,
that that, artificial body, in the name of Con-
gress, may emigrate, leave the District of Co-
lumbia, and live and exercise its powers in one
of the States of ihis Union, with the consent, 1
admit, of the State. I am not right sure that
the assent of the State is necessary to enable
an incorporated company to hold real estate.
Is that entirely clear ? I do not know; I would
not say, without an examination of the ques-
tion. Arc Senators entirely satisfied that an
incorporated company of the District of Co-
lumbia cannot become the owners of land in
Illinois and in Indiana in the absence of an
express prohibition of the State of Illinois or
of the State of Indiana? Their ordinary pow-
ers cannot be exercised outside of the State or
district where they are created. My objection
to this bill is, that it proposes to make an in-
corporated company, not for the purposes or
immediate necessities or wants of the District
of Columbia; in other words, it is not legisla-
tion for the District of Columbia.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think this bill is not
obnoxious to the objection which has been
urged with so much force by the gentleman
from California and just now by the gentleman
from Indiana. They seem to mistake entirely
the whole scope and object of the bill. It is
simply an effort by certain gentlemen of the
District of Columbia to induce capitalists from
other sections of the country to unite with them
in establishing a manufacturing establishment
in the District of Columbia. They contemplate
having their principal office of business in the
District of Columbia. They propose to have
a part at least of their manufacturing establish-
ments in the District of Columbia; and all that
they ask with regard to lands lying outside of
the District is, that they shall be invested with
the authority to hold such lands as may be
necessary for them in carrying on the business
established within the District.
The Senator from Indiana has asserted that
the very object of this bill is to establish and
carry on a business outside of the District, and
not inside the District. In that heis altogether
mistaken. The object of the bill is merely to
vest this corporation with the power necessary
to hold such lands as they may find to be es-
sential to the proper carrying on of their busi-
ness in the District of Columbia. They may
desire to hold lands for the purpose of mining
ore in the State of Virginia. They may de-
sire to hold lands for the purpose of cutting
wood and manufacturing it into coal in the
State of Maryland. Without this express
authority a doubt might be raised as to their
capacity to hold land in the adjoining States,
outside of the District. With regard to that, I
hold that the Congress of the United States,
being competent to establish a corporation,
the corporation, when established, is vested
with the rights of all other corporations estab-
lished by competent authority, and that they
have precisely the same legal powers as any
corporation established by a State ; and I think
it is well settled that a corporation established
by a State may hold lands outside of the State
granting the act of incorporation, provided it
be not inconsistent with the law of the State
wherein the lands lie. Now, these gentlemen
propose to invest in this manufacturing busi-
ness one or two million dollars. They desire
to have a charter that will enable them to raise
this money. Their effort is, to be sure, to make
money, as is common to all men.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator is proba-
bly familiar with the purposes of the corpora-
tors, 1 wish to ask whether it is the intention
of these parties to carry on the mining business
with the capilal of a million or more in the
District of Columbia or in one of the States.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will say to the gentle-
man that they propose to establish a part of
their manufacturing system here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Are they to manufac-
ture anything and everything, and mine too?
Mr. CRESWELL. No, sir. They propose
to manufacture, and to mine for iron ore and
the minerals necessary to the proper carrying
on of that business ; for instance, limestone.
Now, sir. these gentlemen have in view—and
T state it frankly—a very valuable tract of land
in the State of Virginia, which is very rich in
deposits of iron ore ; and they desire, in con-
nection with their establishment for manufac-
turing iron ore in this District, to be enabled to
go into Virginia to buy that land, dig out that
ore, bring it into the District, and have it manu-
factured here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
one further question: if there be no law of
Virginia or West Virginia prohibiting this cor-
poration acquiring and holding land in the
absence of a prohibition; in other words, will
this company be authorized by the charter to
acquire and hold lands in one of the States?
Mr. CUES YvE LL. I admit to the gentleman
that they will not be authorized to hold lands
against the policy and the laws of the State;
but a doubt might arise as to whether they
would bo entitled to hold lands for the purpose
of their business in the several States^ unless
that right were given by the terms of their char-
ter; and that is precisely the doubt we want to
get rid of. What might be the policy of the
State of Virginia or the State of Maryland I
am not prepared to say; it might be liberal or
it might not; but one thing is certain, it would
be impossible for these gentlemen in the pres-
ent slate of the country, and especially in the
present state of the State of ^ lrginia , to derive
from that State a charter that would enable
them to go into themarket and raise the money,
because they would not have the means to afford
proper security to carry on this business.
Now, with regard to the fears of my friend
from California, that they propose to go there
and engage extensively in the mining of gold,
