4150
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 25,
persons who may be connected witli either of
said judges by blood or marriage.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is the design of the bill
to do away with that nepotism known to every
lawyer as existing under our judicial system.
It is in analogy to legislation in some of the
States.
Mr. JOHNSON. Itseems to me we are going
abroad when wo neglect to remedy the evil at
home here. We find many members who have
sonsand brothers and wives' brothers employed
here. It is the same in reference to the De-
partments : the heads of Departments and
bureaus employ their blood relatives. When
we clear our own skirts it will be time to go
elsewhere.
Mr. O'NEILL. I hope my colleague will
yield to my other colleague to move an amend-
ment embracing the cases to which he has re-
ferred.
Mr. WILLIAMS. If my colleague [Mr.
Johnson] thinks the evil is past cure I do not.
If he will put an amendment in shape I will
accept it. 1 demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the bill was ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time, and being engrossed it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WILLIAMS demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed: and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
puMsiniuxT of cnnir.s.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, from the Com-
mittee an the Judiciary, reported back House
hill No. Ii04, defining and punishing certain
crimes therein named, with a recommendation
that it do pass.
The hill was read. It provides that any per-
son who shall rob another of any personal
property belonging to the United States, or
-ihall steal or purloin any personal property
of the United States, shall, upon conviction,
be punished by a line not exceeding fourfold
the value of such property, or by imprison-
ment not more than twenty years, or both. It
aK~> provides that any person who shall will-
fully obstruct the passage of any locomotive,
tender, car. or carriage on which is being
tram-ported any mail, troops, or property of
the United Stales, shall, upon conviction, be
punished by a line not exceeding §10,000, or
imprisonment not exceeding twen+j years, or
both.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I demand the
previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like my col-
league to explain what the particular necessity
of this bill is. It does seem to me as though
it is going too far. It fixes the punishment
of imprisonment for a term of years for lar-
ceny of property that may not be worth five
dollars. It takes jurisdiction from the State
courts and confers it upon the Federal courts,
where a person willfully obstructs the passage
of a train of cars containing the United States
mail, though the laws of the States are ample
for the punishment of the offense.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I hope my
colleague will consume no more time. We
have but a few moments left for our committee.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not wish to consume
time. I am certain the House will do mo the
credit to say that I have not taken upon my-
self the running of this machine. I only wish
the House to know what we are doing before
we undertake to pass bills that are calculated
to upset the criminal code of the United States.
Bills are brought in heie withoutbeingprinted,
and members have no opportunity to look at
them.
Mr. LA WHENCE, of Ohio. This bill con-
tains two sections. The iirst makes it a penal
offense to rob any person of property which
belongs to the United States, or to steal any
personal property which belongs to the United
States. There is now no act of Congress which
makes this a penal offense. We make viola-
tions of the rights of the United States, in
many respects, penal offenses; but this parti-
cular act, described in the first section, is not
made such bylaw. There is, in my judgment,
no objection to the bill, and I demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does it not do away with
the difference between petit and grand larceny ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. There is now
no distinction between petit and grand larceny
by the statutes of the United States.
The previous question n'as seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be engi ossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UliSXOUATION OE CONFISCATED LAKDS.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, reported a bill to restore the
possession of lands confiscated by the authori-
ties of the States lately in rebellion; which was
read a first and second time.
The bill was read in full. It provides that
in all cases any loyal citizen of the United
States who may have been dispossessed of any
lands or tenements belonging to him within
any of the Stales lately in rebellion by any order
or decree of the so-called confederate govern-
ment on account of adherence to the cause of
the Union, or absence or failure to give sup-
port to the rebellion, it shall be the duty of the
President of the United States or of the mili-
tary force within the district, on complaint in
writing by such person, accompanied by satis-
factory evidence of title, to restore such person
to the possesion of the rights of which he has
been deprived, and protect him in their enjoy-
ment by such force as may be necessary.
Mr. TRIMBLE. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I decline to yield.
t Mr. TRIMBLE. Then I move to lay the
bill on the table. It confers power upon the
military commanders to decide upon questions
of 
The SPEAKER. It is not debatable.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 24, nays 81. not voting
81; as follows:
^ YEAS—^Jopsrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Cooper,
Lldridpre, Finek, Glossbrenner, Aaron llarding, Ho-
prnn, Johnson, Kerr, Le Blond, McCulloch, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Radford, Samuel J. llandali, Hitter, Rops,
Sirouse, Taber, Thornton, Trimble, and Winfield—24.
NAYS — Messrs. Allison, Baker, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Buckland;-
Sidncy Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom, Davis,
Dawes, Defrees, Dixon, Driggs, Eckley, Eg^leston,
Eliot, Farnsworth, Fa.rquhar, Ferry, Abner 0. Hard-
in?, Hart, Hayes, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, Hotch-
kiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James
R. Hubbell, Ilulburd, Jcnckes, Julian, Kellev, Ket-
cham, KooiiLs, Lailin, G-eorure V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan. Lynch, Maynard, MeCJurpr, Mo-
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, Nathanial G. Tavlor,
John L. Thomas, Burt Van Horn, Robert. T. Van
Horn, Ward. Welker, Wentworth, Whalev, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Stephen F, Wilson, Windom, and
Woodbrid^c—81.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, Anderson,
Dcios R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Bea-
man, Biaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brande^ee, Biomwell,
Broomall, Bundy, Ohanlcr, Reader W. Clarke, Cook,
Culver, Darling, Dawson, Delano, De3ning, Denison,
Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont, Garfield, Uoodvcar, Gri-
dor, Gnnneli, Griswold, Hale, Hams, Henderson,
yfr liubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, Edwin
A. ilubbeU, Humphrey, Ingo^oU, Jones, Kasson,
Kelso, Kuykenrlall, Latham. Leftwieh, X^ongyear,
luarshaiJ, Marsfon, Marvin, Melndoe, MeKee, Mor-
rill, Moulfon, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pom-
oroj-, William LI. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John
II. Kiue, Kogers, Schcnck, Shanklin, Sittrreaves.
Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Nelson Taylor, Thayer,
Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Ilenry D. Washburn,
William II. Washburn, and -Wright—81.
So the House refused to lay the bill upon the
table.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered. -
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WILLIAMS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
judicial courts of tiie united states.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, also, from the
Committee on the Judiciary, reported back
bill of the House No. 605^,0 amend an act to
establish the judicial courts of tho United States,
approved September 24, 1789.
The bill was read. The first section provides
that the several courts of the United States, and
the several justices and judges of such courts,
in addition to tho authority already conferred
by law, shall have power to grant writs of habeas
corpus in all cases where any person may be re-
strained of his or her liberty in violation of the
Constitution, or of any treaty or law of the
United States. And if any person or persons
to whom such writ of habeas corpus may be
directed shall refuse to obey the same, or shall
neglect or refuse to make return, or shall make
a false return thereto, in addition to the reme-
dies already given by law, he or they shall be
deemed and taken to be guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall, on conviction before any
court of competent jurisdiction, be punished by
flue not exceeding $1,000, and by imprisonment
not exceeding one year, or by either, accord-
ing to the nature and aggravation of the case.
From the final decision of any judge, justice,
or court, inferior to the circuit court, an appeal
may be taken to the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States for the district in which said cause
is heard, and from the judgment of said circuit
court to the Supreme Court of the United States,
on such terms and under such regulations and
orders, as well for the custody and appearance
of the person alleged to be restrained of his or
her liberty as for sending up to the appellate
tribunal a transcript of the petition, writ of
habeas corpus, return thereto, and other pro-
ceedings, as may be prescribed by the Supreme
Court, or in default of such, as the judge hear-
ing said cause may prescribe, and pending such
proceedings or appeal, and until final judgment
be rendered therein, and after final judgment
of discharge in the same, and proceeding
against such person so alleged to be restrained
of his or her liberty in any State court, or by
or under tho authority of any State, for any
matter or thing so heard and determined, or in
process of being heard and determined, under
and by virtue of such writ of habeas corpus,
shall be deemed null and void.
The second section provides that a final
judgment or decree in any suit in the highest
court of a State in which a decision in the
suit could be had, where is drawn in question
the validity of a treaty or statute of, or an au-
thority exercised under, tho United States, and
the decision is against their validity, or where
is drawn in question the validity of a statute
of, or an authority exercised under any State,
on the ground of their being repugnant to the
Constitution, treaties, or laws of tho United
States, and the decision is in favor of such
their validity, or where any title, right, privi-
lege, or immunity is claimed under the Con-
stitution, or any treaty or statute of, or com-
mission held or authority exercised under the
United States, and the decision is against tho
title, right, privilege, or immunity specially set
up or claimed by either party under such Con-
stitution, treaty, statute, commission, or au-
thority, may be reexamined and reversed or
affirmed in the Supreme Court of the United
States, upon a writ of error, the citation being
