206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I doubt if many who
had been in the Union Array voted; while I
doubt, too, if there is a member on this floor
who does not know some men in the District
of Columbia, who "have sympathized with the
rebels since the war commenced, who voted
against negro suffrage.
Mr. MARSHALL. I would like my colleague
to name them. These general charges are very,
easily made. They are entirely void of foun-
dation and of truth.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We all know that
Washington city has been full of sympathizers
with the rebels.
Mr. MARSHALL. In making such general,
charges it is just as easy to say one thing as
another.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, I say it; I de-
clare that -I have met them at every turn in this
District during the war—men who sympathized
with the rebels; men a little shade stronger in
their sympathy than my colleague.
Mr. MARSHALL. These general charges
are very easy to make. If thegentleman intends
to charge or insinuate that I have either directly
or indirectly sympathized with the rebels, he
charges what is not true and has no foundation
in fact.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We all know what
that means.
Mr. MARSHALL. Yes, I know what it
means.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We all know what it
means; and I do charge that the men—and my
colleague among the rest—who assembled in the
city of Chicago and made the McClellan plat-
form of 1864, did sympathize with the rebels.
Mr. MARSHALL. The gentleman has al-
ready had my response to that.
Mn FARNSWORTH. Whether they in-
tended to do it or not [ do not know; but the
effect of their action was to afford the rebels aid
and comfort. The men who declared that the
war was a failure, that the experiment of sub-
duing the rebellion by force of arms could not
succeed, and who called for the withdrawal of
our troops and an amnesty, the patching up of
a peace with the rebels, I do say by their con-
duct gave aid and comfort to the rebellion, and
they did sympathize, so far as we may judge by
their acts ; for it is a well-known maxim of law
that every man is to be deemed to intend the
result of his own action.
I cannot of course fell what is in the heart of
my colleague, or any other man, only as I can
judge from his acta. [ cannot say what emotions
are there. I cannot read his thoughts, except
as I read them through his acts. But if he says
deliberately, on paper, and advocates it on the
stamp, that this war should cease—that the
attempt to suppress the rebellion by force of
arms has proved a failure; if he opposes the
continuance of the war for the maintenance of
the Union, why. J suppose he means what he is
doing; and that is, to give aid and comfort to
the enemy, i know the gentleman's partv
voted 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Spanker, the gentle-
man is entirely mistaken. The Democratic parly
at Chicago lias been very frequently the subject
of charges like that brought by the gentleman.
It has been frequently charged that the Demo-
cratic party declared that the war was an entire
failure and insisted that it should be imme-
diately stopped. They took 110 such position
in their platform.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, sir, it i., not
worth while for us to discuss the platform of
the Chicago convention. The people of the
country understand it, very well, and have de-
livered their verdict upon it.
This is getting off from the subject I was dis-
cussing^ which was suffrage in the District of
Columbia, and the topic immediately under dis-
cussion was the vote which was had here. I
remarked, and I believe it is a true remark,
that every sympathizer with the rebels in the
District of Columbia who was entitled to vote
on that day went to the polls and did vote
against negro suffrage, while I do know that it
was generally understood among the friends of
January 11,
! negro suffrage in the District of Columbia that
| the election was a mockery and a farce, that
i they would stay away from the polls, and would
; not participate in it at all. What was the re-
sult? The result was that those, and those
only, voted, who had predetermined against ne-
gro suffrage. It was not an expression of the
popular will at all; it was not even an expres-
sion of the popular will of the white peoplef
saying nothing of the men who were to be
affected by the vote.
Why, sir, in other respects colored men are
treated by the Government as citizens and as
men. I have already alluded to the fact that
we compel them to bear arms in support and
defense of the Government, and also to that
other important fact, that we tax them for the
support of the Government. These are the
two .most essential duties and services rendered
by the citizen to his Government, that ho
contributes of his money and defends it with
his arm. Tell me who will, that a man who
contributes by his means and his industry to
the support of the Government under which he
lives, .which has not been even the Govern-
ment of his choice—for he did not come here,
he was born here—and who has shed his blood
and given his right arm for the support of that
same Government—tell me who will, that
that man has no right to a voice in the choice
of his rulers, and has no lot or part in the Gov-
ernment.
Sir, it seems to mo to be strange that we
should be under the necessity of standing here
at this day, past the meridian of the nineteenth
century, after such a war as we have just gone
through for the maintenance of those princi-
ples, and have to argue at length upon the
light of man to self-government. Why, are
the dark ages coining again? Is the sun en-
shrouded ? Are we just entering upon a season
of gloom ? A rc the minds and hearts of men
becoming clouded ? Is justice dying? It would
seem so. It is so simple a question, so plainly
enunciated, one that wo have fought for so long,
the right of man to self-government.
Now, T venture to say that when it comes to
the question whether we shall remit power to
the hands of rebel traitors with white skins the
gentleman from New Jersey will be found in
favor of doing it, and so will my colleague. I
would like to know right here, now, whether
they are not in favor of giving to the rebel sol-
diers who have been lighting against this Gov-
ernment for the last four years the right to vote.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the gentleman wish
me to answer that question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I would like an an-
swer from the gentleman, and also from my
colleague, [Mr. Marshall.]
Mr. ROGERS. I am in favor, nio^t emphat-
ically in favor, of the people of the South hav-
ing the right to vote, and 1 am most bitteilv j
opposed to that provision of the con-stitution of i
Missouri which prosei ibes half of the population ]
of that State from exercising the elective tran- j
chise. upon the ground that they were soldiers i
in the rebel army. I am for healing the wound j
that has been cut between the people of the
North and the people of the .South at once, and j
having a full representation in the Halls of Con- ]
gress of every State, that the dead may bury
j their dead, and flic past may go to the pa-t, anil \
, that liberty and union may prevail throughout :
; this land as it did before this last revolution. :
That is mv position. [
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is as I ex- !
peeted. '
Mr. ROGERS. I speak for myself, and no-
body else.
Mr. MARSHALL. My colleague calls upon ■
me to answer his question. With his permis- !
sion I will do so. ■
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will yield to my ;]
colleague for that purpose. i'
Mr. MARSHALL. He asks me whether T j
am in favor of the soldiers who were in the rebel [
army being allowed now to vote. 1 will an- I
swer him, sir, in this way: I am in favor of an i
immediate restoration of the Lnion. I believe J'
that the right of suffrage rests with the States, jj
and when the southern States return here as law-
abiding and loyal States, submitting themselves
to the Constitution and laws of the country, I
am in favor of leaving it to them to determine,
as the Constitution of the country provides, who
shall exercise the right of suffrage within their
limits; and if the persons to whom my col-
league refers are by the constitutions and laws
of their own States permitted to vote, then I
say we have no right to interfere with that privi-
lege.
And I tliink that now we should, as has been
remarked, Jet the dead bury their dead; let the
past be forgotten, aud let us unite as a nation
of brethren in burying the animosities of the
past, and meet together here, those who have
fought in the one army or in the other, if as
honest men they arc willing to admit their error,
come back into the Union, and obey the Con-
stitution and laws. And if they will come back
in that spirit, I believe they should be permitted
to come, and should be received in the same
spirit. That is my answer to the interrogatory
of my colleague.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. That is as I expected,
and stripped of its verbiage it simply means*that
my colleague is in favor of giving to the rebels
of the South the right to vote.
Mr. MARSHALL. No, sir, my colleague
is mistaken; I am in favor neither of giving nor
taking away the right. If they are entitled to
vote when the States are restored, under the
Constitution and laws of the country, we have
no right to prevent them from exercising that
privilege.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In other words, we
have no right to demand of them security for
the future.
Mr. MARSHALL. That was not the ques-
tion of the gentleman.
Mr._ FARNSWORTH. It resolves itself,
then, into the question as to who is best enti-
tled to vote, the loyal black man or the rebel
white man. 1 do not expect that we shall be
able to forever prevent the rebel white man from
exercising the elective franchise. T suppose
many, if not all of them, will vote, sooner or
later. I do not expect there is a party strong
enough in this country to prevent that. 1 do
not know that it is best to prevent it. I do
not propose to discuss that question. But if
the question is even worthy of discussion, I
say it settles the question that the black man
who has been loyal and true to the Union is
entitled to that privilege. Can there be any
doubt or hesitation upon that point? Here is
one person who has been for four years fighting
for the Government; here is another who has
been fighting against it. The one has been
trying to build up aud sustain the Go\ eminent;
I the other has been trying to pull down and de-
siroythevery Government we are here to legis-
; late for. Yet gentlemen upon the other side of
■ the House are in favor of giving the right of
suffrage to those who have been trying to pull
1 downand destroy the Government, and withhold
J it from those who have been striving to uphold
and sustain it. For my own part, there can
! be no compromise of this question.
\ I say that the loyal black man, who has been
, true to his country, shall, here and everywhere,
; whether in these Halls or at home, whether in
] or out of Congress, have my voice, my hand,
my heart, and my brain in favor of endowing
] him with the right of suffrage. And 1 say that
i the American people, after the struggle they
have just parsed through, will act criminally,
| suicidally, if they do no! at this time secure to
these men the rights of human nature.
: Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman state
! whether or not there is a provision in the con-
| stitutionof the State of Illinois against negroes
taking up their residence in that State?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I have no objection
to answering the gentleman. A Democratic
convention in Illinois, in l.'-'fS, inserted a pro-
vision in the constitution requiring the Legisla-
ture of that State to pass laws to prevent the
immigration of free colored persons into that
State. The Legislature have never passed any
such laws since then, and some laws of that
