1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4151
signed by tlio chief justice, or judge, or chan-
cellor of the court, rendering or passing the
judgment or dceree complained of, or by a
justice of the Supreme Court of the United
States, in the same manner, and under the
same regulations, and the writ shall have the
same effect as if the judgment or decree com-
plained of had been rendered or passed in a
court of the United States; and the proceed-
ing upon the reversal shall also be the same,
except that the Supreme Court may, at their
discretion, proceed to a final decision of the
same, and award execution, or remand the
same to any inferior court.
The committee reported the following amend-
ment :
. Amend section one by inserting after the words
*'United States," in line eight, the following:
And 11 shall bo lawful for such person so restrained
of Ins ov lier liberty to apply to either of said justices
or judges for a writ of habeas corpus, which applica-
tion shall bo in writing and verified by affidavit, and
shall sot forth (lie feets concerning the detention of
■ the party applying, in whose custody lie or she is de-
tained, and by virtucof what claim or authority, if
known, and the said justice or judge to whom such
application shall be made shall forthwith award a
writ ot habeu-i corimx, unless it shall appear from the
petition itself that the party is not deprived of his
or lier liberty in contravention of theConstitution or
laws of the United States. Saidwritshaltbe duected
to the poison in whose custody tho party is detained,
who shall make return of said writ and bring tho
party betore the judge who gi anted the writ, and cer-
tify the true cause of tile detention of such person
Within three days thereafter, unless such person be
detained beyond tho distance of twenty miles, and if
beyond tho distance of twenty miles and not above
one hundred miles, then within ton days. And if
beyond tho distance of one hundred miles, then with-
in twenty days. And upon the return of the writ of
habeas corpus a day shailbesct forthelieaiiiigof the
cause, not exceeding live days thereafter, unless Iho
party petitioning shall request a longer time. The
petitioner may deny any ot the material lacts set
iorlh in the return, or may allege any fact to show
that the detention is in contravention of the Consti-
tution or laws ofthoUnitcd States, which allegations
or denials shall bo made oil oath. Tho said return
may bo amended by leave of the court or judge bo-
foro or alter the samo is tiled, as also may all sug-
gestions made against it, that thereby the material
tacts may be ascertained. The said court or judge
shall proeeed in a. summary way to determino the
facts of the case, by hearing testimony and tho argu-
ments of the parties interested, and if it shall appear
that tho petitioner is deprived of his or lier liberty in
contravention of tho Constitution or laws of tho Uni-
ted States, he or she shall loribwith be discharged
and set at liberty.
The committee further proposed to amend
the second scction of the bill by adding thereto
the following:
This act shall not apply to tho case of any person
who is or may be held in tho custody of tho military
authorities of the United States, charged with any
military offense, or with having aided or abottcd re-
bellion against the Government of tho United States
prior to tho passage of this act.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. 1 demand the
previous question on the bill aud the amend-
ments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman who reported this bill whether in
case a person who is not bound to perform ser-
vice in the Ariliy or Navy is taken possession
of by the Government, be is cut off from the
benefit of the writ of habeas corpus under this
bill.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I think not.
1 will state briofiy what the object of the bill is.
Mr. LE BLOND. The idea suggested it-
self to my mind that the bill was not broad
enough to cover that class of persons. If it is
not, if. ought to he. I believe the doctrine is
pretty well settled, or if not it very soon will
be, that the military authorities have no juris-
diction over private citizens. Every citizen
owing military service may be dealt with by
tho military authorities, but a private citizen
not owing such service, unless he violates some
military regulation, is amenable to the civil
law only.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. This has no
relation to that subject at all.
Mr. LE BLOND. The second sectioulooked
to me as if it went that far.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I will explain.
On the 19th of December last, my colleague
[Mr. Shellabarger] introduced a resolution
instructing; the Judiciary Committee to inquire
and report to the House as soon as practicable,
by bill or otherwise, what legislation is neces-,
sary to enable the courts of the United States
to enforce the freedom of the wife and chil-
dren of soldiers of the United States, and also
to enforce the liberty of all persons. Judge
Ballard, of the district conrt of Kentucky, de-
cided that there was no act of Congress giving
courts of the United States jurisdiction to en-
force the rights and liberties of such persons.
In pursuance of that resolution of my colleague
this bill has been introduced, the effect of:
which is to enlarge the privilege of the writ of
hobeas corpus, and make the jurisdiction of the.
courts and judges of tho United States coex-.
tensive with all the powers that can be con-
ferred upon them. It is a bill of the largest,
liberty, and does not interfere with persons in'
military custody, or restrain the writ of habeas
corpus at all. I am satisfied there will not be
a solitary objection to this bill if it is under-
stood by the House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for tho reading of
the second scction as it is proposed to be
amended.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That a final judg-
ment or dccrcc in any suit in tho highest court of a
State in which a decision in tho suit could be had,
wheiois drawn in Question tho validity of a treaty
or statute of or an authority exercised under tho
United States, and tho decision is against their va-
lidity, or whcroisdiawn in question the validity of a
statute or of an authority exercised under any State,
on the ground of their being repugnant to tho Con-
stitution, treaties, or laws of tho United States, and
the decision is ill favor of such their validity, or
where any title, light, privilege, or immunity is
claimed under the Constitution, or any treaty or
statute of or commission held or authority exercised
under tho United States, and tile decision is against
tho title, right, privilege, or immunity specially set
up or claimed by either party under such Constitu-
tion, treaty, statute, commission, or authority, may
be reexamined and reversed or aflirinod in the Su-
premo Court of the United States, upon a writ of
error, the citation being signed by the ehicf justice
or judge or chancellor of tho court rendering or
passing thejudgnient or decree complained of, or by
ajustico of the Supreme Court of tho United State?,
in tho same maimer, and uuder the same regulations,
and the writ shall havotho same e fleet as if tlio judg-
ment or decree complained of had boon rendered or
passed in a court of the United States; and tho pro-
ceeding upon the reversal shall also bo the same,
except that the Supiemo Court may, at. their discre-
tion, proceed to a final decision of the same, and
award execution, or remand tho same to any inferior
court. This act shall not apply to tho caso of any
person who is or may bo hold in llio custody of the
military authorities of the United States, charged
with any military offense, or with having aided or
abetted rebellion against, tho Government of tiio
United States prior to the passage of this act.
Mr. LE BLOND. If I understand this sec-
tion aright, it is that all those held by the mil-
itary arc not entitled to the privileges of this
act. I confess that it is exceedingly difficult
for us to determine the scope of the bill.
The amendments reported by the committee
were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to bo
engrossed aud read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider tho vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
bo laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent of the House that the Judiciary Com-
mittee have another hour in which to make
reports.
Air. ROSS. I object. I think we have had
enough bills from that committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Then I will ask
for a half an hour more for that committee.
Air. LE BLOND. 1 am compelledto object,
from the fact that wo have no opportunity to
consider and understand the bills that are
brought in here.
NATIONAL BANK Bibb.
The House resumed tho consideration of
House bill No. 771, to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide a national currency secured
by a pledge of United States stocks, and to
provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof.'' and for other purposes.
The pending question, upon which Mr. Lynch
was entitled to the floor, was upoh tho amend-
ment offered by him, to insert the following:
Provided, however. That tho appointment of such
receiver-shall be vacated and tho Comptroller shall be
enjoined and restrained from further proceedings in
tho promises under this section, if the nearest dis-
trict, circuit, or territorial court of the United States
shall, on application of suoh association, made within
ten days after it shall have been notified of such ap-
pointment and upon hoaring of the caso, so order.
Mr. LYNCH. I will yield to the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Paine] for a few mo-
ments.
Mr. PAINE. I move to substitute for the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine [Air.
Lyncii] the following:
Provided, however, That tho appointment of such
receiver shall be vacated, and the Comptroller shall bo
enjoined and restrained from further proceedings in
tho promises undor this scction, if the nearest dis-
trict, circuit, or territorial court of the United States
shall so_ ord(5r, on application of such association,
made within ten days after itshaUliavebeeniiotified
of such appointment, and after tho decision of the
court or tho finding of a jury that such association
lias not boon guilty of any of tho violations of law
on account of which such receiver shall have been
appointed.
Air. LYNCII. I accept" the amendment of
the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Air Paine.]
Air. CONKLINCr. I agree entirely with the
purpose of this amendment, hnt I wish to sub-
mit. to tho gentleman from Maine [Air. Lynch]
and the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Paixe]
that if this amendment shall be adopted tliey
will have rather an extraordinary act. 'The
fiftieth section of the bank act is referred to
as covering and controlling the course of pro-
ceeding in this regard ; and yet they propose
here to repeal a large part of that fiftieth sec-
tion. Now, I would suggest that altogether the
briefer and plainer way of disposing of this
would be to provide that this proceeding shall
be subject to tho remedy by appeal now exist-
ing by tile fiftieth section of the national car
rency not. That certainly covers the whole
ground and obviates the necessity of repeating
the same provision twice in the statute. The
gentleman from Iowa [Air. Price] hands me a
proviso which 1 believe covers the suggestion I
make, though 1 think it can be covered even
more briefly. In order to test the sense of tho
House, 1 will move, as a substitute for the pro-
posed amendment, to insert after the words
"according to" in the forty-seventh line on
the third page these words; " and with the same
remedy and subject to the same right of appli-
cation to the courts as provided."
Air. PRICE. Let me suggest whether it
would not be better to say, "as provided by
the proviso of section fifty."
Air. CONKLING. In answer to that [ will
say that tho proviso is a part of the section ;
and it is the only place, in the section where
the subject is referred to. Therefore my amend-
ment meets the gentleman's suggestion.
Air. HOOPER, of Alassachusetts. I concur
with the gentleman from New York in his sug-
gestion ; and I hope his amendment will be
adopted.
army bill.
Air. SCHENCK. I move that the House
insist on its disagreement to the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (S. No. 138) to reor-
ganize the Army, and that we ask for a com-
mittee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
national bank bill again.
Air. PAINE. Air. Speaker, I suppose that
we are all seeking to accomplish the same
object; but I am compelled to disagree with
the gentleman from New York [Air. Co\'K-
lixg] in respect to the amendment which ho
has submitted. Now, sir, section fifty of the
present law provides for a caso in which the
bank shall have refused to redeem its circulat-
ing notes; and it authorizes the Comptroller
of the Currency to appoint a receiver to wind
up tho affairs of the bank ; and it is provided
that if the bank shall satisfy the chancellor
that it has not refused to redeem its circulat-
ing notes, all injunction shall be issued, and
the receiver shall be restrained. If the amend-
