1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
1 shall define these terms ? Their definition here
by gentlemen on this floor is one thing; their
definition after this bill shall have become a
law will be quite another thing. The anti-sla-
very amendment of the Constitution had one
very simple object to accomplish when gentle-
men on the other side of this House desired to
secure its adoption; but now U is confidently
appealed to as authority for this bill and almost
every other radical and revolutionary measure
advocated by the majority in this Congress.
Those gentlemen often have strange visions of
constitutional law, and it is not safe to judge
from their opinions to-day what they will be
to-morrow.
This bill forbids any discrimination in civil
rights and immunities on account of race or
color. Under the laws of Indiana no person
except white male inhabitants can be allowed
to engage in the business of retailing spirituous
liquors. But a negro procures the requisite pe-
tition and applies to a county board for a license
to retail liquors. It is refused. Now, this dis-
crimination is based both upon color and race.
And the county board, by refusing the license,
violates the second section of this act, and
thereby commit a misdemeanor, for which they
may be fined each not exceeding $1,000, or
imprisoned not exceeding one year, or both,
in the discretion of the court. But this pun-
ishment shall not be administered in the courts
of Indiana, but must be in the Federal courts
at the capital of the State, as prescribed in the
third section of this bill. Or, the city of New
Albany, in which I live, whose ordinances fol-
low the State law, might refuse a license to a
negro under the same circumstances, and the
common council would thus become wrong-
doers, subject to the same punishments. Now,
it cannot be said that selling liquor according
to law in Indiana is not a civil right. It cer-
tainly is ; but if it is not. yet a license is a con-
tract, and this bill says the negro shall have
"the same right to make and enforce con-
tracts" as the white man. It is as much a con-
tract or civil right as would be a license to sell
meat in their market-house or to run a dray
in their streets or to carry on any other busi-
ness.
Again, the constitution of Indiana has ded-
icated a munificent fund to the support of com-
mon schools for the education of the children
of the State. But negro and mulatto children
are by law excluded from those schools. Ne-
groes and mulattoes are exempt by law from
school tax. They are denied a civil right, on
account of race and color, and are granted
an immunity, (from school taxation,) but are
taxed for all other purposes. Now, a negro
or mulatto takes his child to the common school-
house and demands of the teacher that it be
admitted to the school and taught as the white
children are, which is refused.. The teacher
then becomes a wrong-doer and is liable to the
same punishments, to be administered in the
same way ; because all the persons referred to
would be acting under color of some law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regulation, or custom.
The constitution of Indiana, adopted in 1851,
forbids any negro or mulatto to come into or
settle in that State after the adoption of that
constitution, and declares all contracts made
with any negro or mulatto coming into the State
contrary to the provisions of that constitution
shall be void. This bill proposes to annul
those constitutional provisions and all State
laws passed to secure their execution. A negro
comes into the State in defiance of them, and
makes contracts, and the courts of Indiana,
acting under color of thogfc provisions and laws,
refuse to enforce those contracts. There will
thus arise, not only a conflict of authority, which
may lead to most unhappy results, but the offi-
cers refusing to enforce such contracts would,
under the provisions of this bill, at once become
criminals, subject to the penalties already men-
tioned. Or if a State court or officer refused
in any such proceeding to receive the testimony
of any negro, where he was forbidden by the
State law to receive it, he too would incur ihe
penalties of this bill. It cannot be claimed that
the persons to whom I have referred could not
be punished under the provisions of this bill
because they were acting as officers and their
conduct was the result of errors of judgment
only. That would be no valid defense—no
defense at all—against the positive terms of
this law. I hold that the only persons intended
to be punished by this bill are persons acting
under State authority in some sort of official
capacity. By its very terms, it only applies to
persons who shall do these prohibited acts
"under color of any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, or customWho can act under
such color but officers of some kind?
I might go on and in this manner illustrate
the practical working of this extraordinary
measure. But I have said enough to indicate
the inherent viciousness of the bill. It takes
a long and fearful step toward the complete
obliteration of State authority and the reserved
and original rights of the States. It puts the
local policy and officers, executive, ministerial,
and judicial, of the States, at the mercy of the
petty Federal officers, who, under this bill, may
be made to swarm over the whole country, ex-
ercising both ministerial and judicial functions,
by arresting, examining, and imprisoning per-
sons charged or suspected of having done any
of the forbidden things under color of local laws
or policy. Then the things attempted to be
prohibited are in themselves so extraordinary
and anomalous, so unlike anything ever at-
tempted before by the Inderal Government,
that the authors of this bill feared, very prop-
eily too, that the system of laws heretofore ad-
ministered in the Federal courts might fail to
supply any precedent to guide the courts in the
enforcement of the strange provisions of this
bill, and not to be thwarted by this difficulty,
they confer upon the courts the power of judi-
cial legislation, the power to make such other
laws as they may think necessary. Such is the
practical effect of the last clause of the third
section, which reads as follows:
But in all eases where such [laws of the United
States] arc not adapted to the obieet, or are deficient
in the provisions necessary to iurnish suitable reme-
dies, and punish offenses against law, the common
law, as modified and changed by the constitution and
statutes of the State wherein the court having juris-
diction of the cause, civil or criminal, is held, so far
as the same is not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United Slates, shall be extended to
and govern said courts in the trial and disposition of
such cause, and, if of a criminal nature, in the inflic-
tion of punishment on the party found guilty.
That is to say, the Federal courts may, in
such cases, make such rules and apply such
law as they please, and call it common lata.
Then, as if to widen the breach and augment
the irritations occasioned by the enfor*ement
of such a measure between the Federal officers
and the officers and people of the States, it is
further provided in the third section that—■
If any suit or prosecution, civil or criminal, has
been or shall bccommcnced iu any State court against
: any such person, or against any oilicer, civil or mil-
■ itary, or other person, for any arrest or imprisonment,
■ trespasses or wrongs done or committed, by virtue or
.under color of authority derived from this act,orth(5
(act establishing a.Bureau for the Relief of Freedmen
>and Refugees, and all acts amendatory thereof, such
iflefendant shall have the right to remove such cause
'for trial to the proper district or circuit court in the
manner prescribed by the " aet i elating to habeas cor-
pus and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved March S, 1863.
No matter how arbitrary, offensive, or out-
rageous the conduct or wrongs of these officers
may be toward the citizens of the States, the
people of the States are denied all remedy in
their own courts, but must seek it at great
expense and inconvenience, almost equivalent
to its denial, in the Federal courts.
The fourth section of the bill requires the
circuit courts of the United States to appoint
as many commissioners in their respective cir-
cuits as they may deem necessary '' to afford
a speedy and convenient means for the arrest
ana examination of persons charged with a vio-
lation of this act.': These officers may become
as numerous throughout the country as justices
of the peace are now. This never-ceasing multi-
plication of officers over the country to consume
the substance of the people 5s one of the most
dangerous and mischievous evils of the times.
If it is continued much longer it will not be
strange if our Government become hateful to
the people.
In conclusion, I shall call attention to one
more of the novel and original features of this
bill. It is in the ninth section, which I will read:
That whenever the President of the United States
shall have reason to believe that offenses have been
or are likely to be eomm'tted a'gainst the provisions
of this act within any j udicial district, it shall be law-
ful for him, in his discretion, to direct thejudge, mar-
shal, and district attorney, of such district, to attend
at such place, within the district, and for such time
as he may designate, for the purpose of the more
speedy arrest and trial of persons charged with a vio-
lation of this act: and it shall be the duty of every
judge or other officer, when any such requisition shall
be received by him, to attend at the place and for the
time therein designated.
Our Federal courts are thus to be mado
itinerant, and speedy justice administered at
each offender's own door, and if he is found
guilty he may perhaps enjoy the singular felicity
of being executed at home. But courts do not
consist of judges alone. It will be the duty of
the judges, district attorneys, marshals, clerks,
grand and petit juries, and the bailiffs of the
courts, with the records, to accompany each
other in these remarkable visitations and per-
ambulations. It seems to me the framer of
this section of the bill has left at least one
defect in it. He should have provided for an
executioner, who should be of the favored race
and color, and should march in the forefront
of the procession with a guillotine.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 ask my friend
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] to yield to me for
a moment.
Mr. BINGHAM. For what purpose?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to with-
draw the motion to recommit for the purpose
of offering an amendment, after which I pro-
pose to renew the motion to recommit; and
then I will allow my friend from Ohio an op-
portunity to renew his amendment to the motion
to recommit by adding instructions. After that
I shall demand the previous question, and if I
can get it seconded, I shall be willing to let the
subject go over until to-morrow.
Mr. BINGHAM. But I shall desire to be
heard upon it to-morrow.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have already
stated to the gentleman that I propose to give
him a portion of my time.
Mr. BINGHAM. With that understanding,
if it is the desire of the House, I have certainly
no objection to the seconding the previous
question.
Mr. HILL. I move that the House do now
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bingham] is entitled to the floor, and has
not yielded for that motion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am perfectly willing to
submit the question in reference to closing de-
bate to the House, if it is understood that I am
to have an opportunity to speak to-morrow.
It is, however, proper that I should say that
there are other gentlemen who desire to bo
heard upon this question. For myself, I am
content with the arrangement suggested by the <>
chairman of the Committee on the Judiciary, (
[Mr. Wilson, of Iowa.] I will now yield to '
that gentleman to test the sense of the House
upon this question.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I withdraw the mo-
tion to recommit, and move the additional
amendment, which I ask to have read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
On page3, line seventeen, after theword "thereof,"
insert the following:
Or forrefusiugto perform any act upon tncgrouna
that it would be inconsistent with this act.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now renew the
motion to recommit.
Mr. BINGHAM. I more to amend the mo-
tion to recommit by adding the following:
"With instructions to strike out of thc.first section
the words "and there shall be no discrimination m
civil rights or immunities among: citizens of the Uni-
ted States in any State or Territory of the united
