1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
character, which were upon the statute-book
before that constitutional provision was adopted
have since been repealed.
Mr. THORNTON. I will ask the gentleman
■whether in 1862 a proposition was submitted to
the people in regard to allowing negroes the
right of suffrage, and whether the people of the
State did not vote to prohibit them from having
any such right by a vote of one hundred thou-,
sand, and over two thirds of the soldiers of Il-
linois in the Union army voted in the same way?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Well, Illinois has
done a great many mean things. [Laughter.]
We used to have a Democratic Legislature from
year to year, Democratic Governors and judges
and Congressmen. Illinois used to east her elec-
toral vote for such men as James Buchanan
and Franklin Pierce. She has done several
mean things in her day; but she has repented
of it, and, thank God! my noble State has a
record to-day than which none has a prouder;
and, trust my word, she will naver be guilty of
such injustice again. Illinois has ledeemed
herself.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAVIS obtained the floor.
Mr. ROGERS. I move that the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. fam* sworth] have his time
extended, so as to enable him to conclude his
remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. JOHNSON. I presume there will be
no vote taken to-day.
Many Members. "No!'.' "No!"
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that no vote will be called for on this subject
to-day.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. It is useless, Mr.
Speaker, to cite the acts of State Legislatures
heretofore passed jipon this subject. That is
only begging the question. Suffrage has been
withheld from the black man up to the present
time. If that is any reason why it should
longer be withheld from him, then that is a kind
of logic which I do not appreciate. Therefore,
these citations by gentlemen from the provisions
of State constitutions and State laws bearing on
this subject have, it seems to me, no pertinence
to the question.
I was remarking, Mr. Speaker, that, in my
opinion, this Government would be criminally
recreant to its high trust if it does not, while it
has the power, profit by the lessons of the past
—the experience acquired in the last four years
in the fiery ordeal of war. We shall be false
to our duty if'we do'not obtain security for the
future—not only security against further seces-
sion and war, but security for the protection of
the rights of men—men of all classes and con-
ditions. Why, sir, I am in almost daily receipt
of letters from the South, written by members
of Stale Legislatures, by officers of the Aimy,
by merchants doing business there ; and all
these men bear the same testimony—that the
people of the South are not yet fit to resume
their functions in the Union and their relations
to the General Government; that to restore the
States lately in insurrection to the status which
they enjoyed as States before the war would
only be putting power into the hands of rebels
and traitors, whose hatred of the Union and of
Union men has become intensified rather than
mollified since the termination of the war: that
no Union man, whether white or black, would
be able to live in those States one moment after
the withdrawal of the troops that now protect
them and preserve order. This is the universal
testimony.
Only a few days ago, as I am credibly in-
formed, General Grant sent from this city an
escort of cavalry and a train of wagons into
Virginia—not fifty miles, I believe, from this
capital—to remove to the city of Washington a
loyal family, consisting of a widow and her chil-
dren, because they could not live in their home
in safety. The husband of this woman, formerly
a paymaster in the United States Army, was,
since the close of the war, ruthlessly shot down
by a returned rebel in the. streets of Alexandria.
His family, returning to their residence in Vir-
ginia, had their house set on fire in the night,
with the fiendish expectation and design of
burning to death its inmates. General Grant,
in accordance with the petition of that widow,
sent an escort of cavalry, as I have remarked,
to insure the safe transit of herself and her
children to the city of Washington. This is the
condition of things almostunder the very shadow
of this Capitol. The men from-whom this poor
woman and her children have been obliged to
flee for their lives are the sort of men whom the"
gentleman from New Jersey desires to clothe
with all the rights of citizenship and sover-
eignty. These are the men whom he would al-
low to control the destinies of Virginia and
other southern Stated lately arrayed in arms
against the Government, and to take seats upon
this floor to control the destinies of this great
nation.
I grant, sir, that many of the colored men
whom I would enfranchise are poor and igno-
rant; but we have made them so. We have
oppressed them by our laws. We have stolen
them from their cradles, and consigned them to
helpless slavery. The shackles are now knocked
from their limbs, and they emerge from the
house of bondage and stand forth as men. Let
us now take the next grand stop, a step which
must commend itself to our judgment and con-
sciences. Let us clothe these men with the
rights of freemen and give them the power to
protect their rights.
Sir, as I have already remarked, we have
passed through a fiery ordeal. There are but
few homes within our land that are not made
desolate by the loss of a son or a father. The
widow and the orphan meet us wherever we
turn. The maimed and crippled soldiers of the
Republic are everywhere seen. Many fair fields
have become cemeteries where molder the re-
mains of the noble men who have laid down
their lives in defense of our Government. We
thought that we had attained the crisis of our
troubles during the progress of the war. But
it lias been said that the ground-swell of the
ocean after the storm is often more dangerous
to the mariner than the tempest itself; and I
am inclined to think that this is true in refer-
ence to the present posture of our national af-
fairs. The storm has apparently subsided; but,
sir, if we fail to do our duty now as a nation—
and that duty is so simple that a child can
understand it; no elaborate argument need
enforce it, as no sophistry can conccal it; it is
simply to give to one man the same rights that
we give to another—if we fail now in this our
plain duty as a nation, then the ship of state is
in more peril from this ground-swell on which
we are riding than it was during the fierce tem-
pest of war. I trust that this Congress will have
the firmness and wisdom to guide the old ship
safely iuto the haven of peace and security.
This we can do by fixing our eyes upon the
guiding star of our fa&ers—the equal rights of
all men.
enrolled bills.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills of the fol-
lowing titles; whereupon the Speaker signed
the same:
Joint resolution (II. R. No. 28) in relation to
the Industrial Exposition at Paris, France; and
x\ji act (II. R. No. 58) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to appoint assistant as-
sessors of internal revenue.
Mr. THAYEil. I move that the House i
adjourn. j
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon (at \
half past four o'clock) the House adjourned. ;
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 12, 18G6.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present the
petition of Orville Burke, late captain in the
fourteenth Iowa volunteers, together wJtH nu-
merous others, who subscribe themselves aa
"old soldiers of the war of 1861, and citizeri?of
Jones county, Iowa," requesting Congress to
grant to those who enlisted under the $100
bounty act, $200 bounty when honorably dis-
charged, assert ing that, m their opinion, justice
requires that those who responded first to the
country's call are entitled to at least as much
bounty as those who enlisted later, wien a draft
seemed inevitable. If there be no objection,
this petition will be received and referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs and the Mi-
litia.
It was so referred.
Mr. GRIMES. I present the petition of Gen-
eral John Edwards and sundry other citizens
of Arkansas, who represent that the country
west of that State is susceptible of sustaining a
very dense population, but is now a howling
wilderness, and they ask that there may be a
Territory established there. I more that it be
referred to the Committee on Territories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. ' 1 also present the petition of
C. B. Segor, president of the New Orleans,
Opclousas, and Great Western Railroad Com-
pany ; of Thomas Rigby, vice president of the
Southern Railroad Company; and of W. M.
Wadley, president of the Vicksburg, Shreve-
port, and Texas Railroad Company of Louisi-
ana, praying for an extension of time within
which to complete the various railroads of
which the gentlemen whose names I have re-
I cited are the representatives and officers. I
' move that it be referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of
John R. Brown, of Brooklyn, New York, pray-
ing for remuneration for the seizure of the
schooner Robert Bruce by the revenue cutter
Forward, on the 12th day of March, 1865; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of John
A. McTavish, father of Alexander McTavish,
late captain in the eleventh regiment Massachu-
setts volunteers, who was killed in battle, pray-
ing for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. COWAN presented the petition of citi-
zens of Philadelphia, praying for an appropri-
ation for the construction of a breakwater at
Marquette harbor, on Lake Superior, and for
the improvement of that harbor; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
lie also presented the petition of Henry S.
Davis, praying for compensation for fitting up
the west wing of the Patent Office, a mistake
having been made, as he alleges, in the settle-
ment of hi^ accounts; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A few days since I pre-
sented, at the request of their secretary, the
petition of the American Free Trade League.
Since then I have received a petition with the
signatures of the officers of that league, among
%vhom are William C. Bryant, David Dudley
Field, and some of the most eminent men in
the country. The petition sets forth in very
clear and strong language the objections to a
protective tariff, starting outwith the proposition
that every man is entitled to the fruits of his
own labor, and should have the right to exchange
those fruits for the labor of any other person
without any interference by the Government
whatever. The petition recognizes the right of
taxation, but insists that this taxation should
be equal upon all classes of the community. It
proceeds to state that the great portion^ of the
laboring people of this country are agricultur-
ists; that they need no protection: that it is
impossible by discriminating duties to afford
them protection, because the articles produced
by tliem in this country are produced more
cheaply than in any other country. The peti-
tion insists that a person who, by his labor, pro-
duces a bale of cotton has a right to exchange
that bale of cotton for two tons of iron if he
can make that exchange, and that any_ legis-
lation laying a duty upon the importation of
