4152
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
mcnt suggested by the gentleman from New
York should be adopted, what will 'be the re-
sult ? Let us take; a ease in winch the Comp-
troller shall have undertaken to close up the
affairs of a bank, either because that bank was
not carrying on a legitimate banking business,
or because it has rendered false or fraudulent
reports, or because its funds have been mis-
applied, or because it has violated some other
provision of law. If the amendment be adopted,
then, although the Comptroller shall have com-
menced proceedings against this banking insti-
tution for one of the reasons I have named, the
institution may come in and show—what? Not
that it has been innocent of any violation of
law in either of the lour particulars I have
named, but that it has not violated the law in
a fifth particular, which is not covered by this
case. Suppose, for example, that the Comp-
troller shall institute these proceedings be-
cause the bankhas rendered false accounts.
The bank comes in and shows that it has not
refused to redeem its circulating notes; and
then further proceedings may be restrained by
injunction. I can see no propriety in this.
If proceedings had been commenced by the
Comptroller against the bank and a receiver
had been appointed, because the bank had ren-
dered false accounts, then it seems to rue that
the only manner in which the bank should bo al-
lowed to escape from those proceedings should
be by showing that it has uot rendered false
accounts. But if you adopt the amendment
the bank, by showing that it has not refused
to redeem its circulating notes, may relieve
itself from proceedings instituted against it
because it has rendered false accounts. So
it' proceedings have been instituted against a
bank bccause it has not been carrying on a
legitimate banking business, the bank can
come ill and show that it has not refused to
redeem its circulating notes; and all the pro-
ceedings^! the Comptroller and receiver may
be rchtiainecl.
i\ow, I have offered an amendment which
applies to all four of these cases—which applies
precisely the same remedy in these four cases
that is applied in the other case, when a bank
lias refused to redeem its circulating notes,
i ho provision of _my amendment is that if the
bank shall come in and show it is carrying on
a. legitimate business when it shall be charged
u llh not,carrying 011 such a business, it shali be
i.-lieved from all proceedings of the receiver.
It it shall show it has not rendered a false
account it shall bo relieved from these pro-
ceedings. it it shows its funds have not been
misapplied the amendment will relieve the
bank.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. T quite
agree with the gentleman from Wisconsin in
his view ol this subject. This amendment was
put in by the committee after careful consider-
ation, not for the purpose of reaching honest
banks, not banks doing a legitimate business,
but_ banks doing an unlawful and fraudulent
business. T admit the provision of this clause
is summary. So it should be in the case of
men who are violating the national banking
law. 1 think the amendment proposed by the
committee had better be allowed to pass as it
'H. 1 hope the House will give no opportunity
: o these banks like the Merchants' Bank of this
! My, which swore through thick and thin, and
110 Comptroller could reach them. It is such
bunks which it is intended to reach, and not
the banks doing a lawful business.
-Mr. L\ NCII. I wish to call the gentleman's
attention, if he were in the committee, to the
discuss:.™ which took place on this question,
ft was the intention to give the banks the right
In appeal to the courts under the proviso.
The proviso was not carefully read. If it had
bee:- the committee would have seen it does
not i-pply to the case. This is to make that
appk to the ease.
jj ••. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I do not
remember distinctly the discussion in the com-
mittee. Perhaps the gentleman is correct. I
know what my object was. It was to reach in
a summary manner and put an end to those
July 25,
dishonest banks, and not let them appeal to
the courts. Iam unable to speak of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Wisconsin, as I
have not heard it read.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. CONKLiNG. If there is any difficulty
about the amendment I will modify it by adding
at the end of line forty-eight the words "and
on such application the bank may relieve itself
by disproving the allegations on which said re-
ceiver was appointed." If debate wereinorder
I could show that would cover the whole ground.
Mr. PAINE. It does n'at cover the whole
ground.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to j and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
The Clerk read as follows:
That section twenty-nine be amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause, and inserting in
Jieuthcrcot top following: that the total liabilities
to any national banking association of any person or
of any firm, company, or corporation, including in
the liability of any firm or company the liabilities
of the several membms thereof, shall at 110 timo
oxceeu one tenth part of the amount of the capital
stock of such association actually ^aid in, unless such
iiaoiutics consist of bona fide bills of exchange or
drafts payable at another place than where it is
drawn, and drawn against actually oxisting values,
or ot commercial or business paper discounted for
the mdorser and actually owned by the person, firm,
company, or corporation for whom it is discounted;
including ail balances due from any person, firm,
company, or^ corporation, except balances due from
anotaor national bankin# association, and no 11^0-
eiation shall issue any certificate, receipt, or other
obligation payable at any future day, nor advertise,
solicit, or receive deposits as a savings bank. And
in cn^e or any violation of 1 his scction, the presidont
and cashier and directors shall be personally liable
10 the association foi any lo^s incurred by the asso-
ciation on the excess of liability beyond the amount
ot one tenth ot the capital stock as aforesaid: and
the association shall be subject to a penalty of #1.000
lor every ease in which the liability yf any person,
tirm, company, or corporation, ns aforesaid, is in ex-
cess of one tenth part of the amount actually paid in
ot tho capital stock of such association, to be recov-
ered to the use of the United States and deposited in
the ireasury, and a like penalty for any certificate,
receipt, or_ other obligation issued as aforesaid, or
ior advertising, soliciting, or receiving deposits as a
savings bank.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I move the following
amendment, to come in before the paragraph
just read: 1
Strike out three" in line three of section twenty -
two, and insert lour;" and insert at endofsei>tion •
Andprovidcdjurther, Thatthesaidnofcusaddil ionai
to the f hrco hundred reunions authorized to be issued
under tue act entitled ' An act to provide a national
currency scoured by a pledge of United States bonds
and to provide for the circulation and redemption
thereof, shall only bo issued upon the return to tho
treasury to be canceled of United States notes bear-
ing tlio same proportion to said notes for circulation
as the capital of the bank presenting said United
btates notes shall bear to the circulation to which it
may be entitled under said act and the several acts
amendatory thereof, and for which United States
notes so returned to the Treasury to be canceled, the
bocretary of tho .Treasury shall issue at par bonds of
i,hc United btatcs m tho form now authorized bylaw
payable not more than twenty years from date, and
hearing a rate of interest not oxeecding five percent
m gold, and thereupon such United States notes so
returned shall bo canceled by tho Secretary of tho
treasury: Provided further, That any existing bank
or banking association organized under tho laws of
any State which shall apply for authority to bccome
a, national bank under the act hereby amended be-
fore too 1st day of Octobcr, 18G6, and shall comply
with all the requirements of said net, as hereby
amended, shall, it such bank be found by the Comp-
troller ot the Currency to be in good standing and
credit receive authority to become a national bank
and banks of unimpaired capital in States which
have heretofore received tho least ratable amount
°l "'^latins notes under the provisions of said act
shall have pi-eicrcneein receiving sueh authority:
And provided further, That the entire amountof cir-
culating notes to be delivered to banks thus eon-
verted from State banks to national associations,
shall not exceed Si30,000,000, and in the organization
of new associations preference shall be given to ap-
plications tor association in sueh States and Territo-
ries as have heretofore failed to secure their ratable
proportion of circulating notes under tho provisions
ot said act so as to equalize the apportionment of the
whole four hundred millions of circulating notes."
I will state that I offer this on behalf of the
chairman of the Committee oil Banking and
Currency, [Mr. Pomeroy,] who was obliged
to leave. He was unable to confer with anv
member of the committee who held the same
views on this question, but he left this amend-
ment with me with a request that I would offer
it. The substance of the amendment is, that
it substitutes ninety millions of national cur-
rency for the same amount of greenbacks. It
enables the State institutions now in existence
to change to national institutions and hnve
sufficient circulation to prosecute their busi-
ness. It was suggested by the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Air. Hooper] yesterday that
the theory of Ins bill was, that for all time to
come we should have only three hundred mil-
lions of paper currency in circulation in this
country.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I beg
to correct the gentleman; I said for national
bank circulation.
Mr. HOl'CHKISS. With that correction I
believe I understand tho views of the gentle-
man. National bank circulation is redeemable
in specie, or I trust in a short time will be.
National currency is not. I apprehend we
shall have in coin in due time a sufficient specie
basis for the currency of the country. At least
we ought to have, and if we shape legislation
properly we shall have. There is a great
anxiety to retire greenbacks in order that we
may return to specie payment. The objection
to doing that is that it reduces the volume of
currency too rapidly. The amendment offered
by me obviates that objection; it also obviates
tho objection that we have an irredeemable
paper currency.
In regard to the question of reducing the vol-
ume of our currency to three hundred millions,
it is, in my estimate, impracticable. We have
now in circulation about one thousand millions
of paper currency, exclusive of §800,000,000
of seven-thirties, which pass from hand to hand
as circulating medium to a great extent. The
volume of currency now in circulation is as fol-
lows :
National currency $300,000,000
Ureenbaeks 400,801.368
rraetional currency  27 070 876
Compound-interest notes 150/1124-10
State bank notes  45^JUO,'000
Total .$931,974,384
How wo are going to come down to $300,-
000,000 without great distress in the country
is more than I can see. I think that this amend-
ment would relieve all the parties interested,
would relieve the business of the countrvfrom
embarrassment, and enable the Crovermnentto
return to speeiepayments, and enable the banks
to return to specie payment.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Sir. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say that the gentleman from New York is mis-
taken in stating that his colleague, [Mr. Pome-
boy,] the chairman of the committee, had no
opportunity to bring this question before the
committee.
Air. HOTCHKISS. I beg the gentleman's
pardon. I did not say so. Aly statement was
that the chairman had to leave for home, and
that before doing so he" had no opportunity to
confer with any of the members of the com-
mittee who harmonized with him in his views.
Air. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The rea-
son was that there was no member of the com-
miire8CT1A?n1A!S'?i?nized with him m his views-
Mr. MOiOJilvISS. I was only explaining
why I offered the amendment.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. The
object of the amendment is to withdraw
§100,000,000 of greenbacks and give the
benefit of that amount of circulation to the
banks. It would cost the Government from
fave to six^ million dollars annually to do it.
Ihe committee were unanimous, with the ex-
ception of the chairman, in their opposition
to any such measure, and I hope the amend-
ment will .not be adopted.
Mr. EOSS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by adding thereto the following proviso:
t£W<TT'!iTJ1oi' hereafter no bonds or ob-
areexemnt from <HnJ ed St®tes shall bo issued which
are exempt from State, county, or municipal taxation.
think it is time that there was a concur-
rence ot sentiment between the members of
the House and myself upon this subject.
