1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1273
in the United States Navy; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. H KXDI1IOKS presented two memorials
of the Indiana Soldiers' Association, praying
for the enactment of a national militia law"and
for an equalization of the bounties paid to sol-
diers in the late war; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES presented a memorial from
the Legislature of Iowa, praying for a grant of
Lnd to aid in the construction of the Iowa Cen-
tral railroad; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
rAPISUS WTTIIDllAWN.
On motion of Mr. HENDRICKS, it was
Ordered, That James Pool have leave to withdraw
his petition and other papers from the files of the
Senate.
REPORT? OP COMMITTEES.
Mr. ANTHONY, from the Committee on
Claims, to mom was referred the petition of
Goldsmith Brothers, praying to be indemnified
for United States bonds lost on the steamer
Brother Jonathan on the lilst of July, 1SU5,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (.S.
No. 192) for the relief of Goldsmith Brothers,
of the cities of San Francisco, California, and
Portland, Oregon.
The bill was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the report was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. BROWN, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, to whom was .referred the bill
(S. No. 110) granting lands to the Leavenworth,
Lawrence, and Lort Gibson Railroad Company,
to aid in extending their railroad and telegraph-
line from the southern boundary of Kansas to
the northern boundary of Texas, in the direc-
tion of Galveston bay, reported it with amend-
ments.
COMMITTEE ON VENTILATION.
On motion of Mr. BUCKALEW", it was
Ordered, That the President pro tempore appoint
the committee on ventilation autlion/.ed to be
appointed by the resolution of the Senate of the, Vtli
instant.
BILLS IXTUODl'CHD.
Mr. CHANDLER ashed, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 193) to amend an act entitled "An act
granting lands to the State of Michigan to aid
in building a harbor and ship-canal at Portage
Lake. Keewenuw Point, Lake Supeiior,'1 ap-
proved March 3, 180-3; which was read twice
by its title, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 1941 to establish a post route in the State
of Oregon ; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on Post Offices
and Post lloads.
KOCK ISLAND.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Rewlved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the Senate what legi-iation is necessary to
fix an.i establish the position oi the Chicago and }toek
Island railroad and bridges at lloek Island arsenal,
so as to best accord with the purposes of the Govern-
ment in its occupancy of said island for military pur-
poses; also, what additional legislation, if any, is
necessary to enable the War Department to occupy
for military purposes the smafi islands contiguous to
Kock Xslaiid, and know n as -BenhjmV, WiUon's, and
Winnebago Inlands : also, what appropriations are
necessary to liquidate the claims ot persons cdaimm?
property in these u-lanils, and of thofc whose property
oil Boek Island has been taken, iu pursuance of law,
for military purposes; for securing water power at
the head of Rock Island; for the erection of store-
houses tor the pieservation of aims and other muni-
tions of war at this point, and for establishing neces-
sary communication by bridges between the cities of
Davenport, Iowa, and Rock Island, Illinois, and
liock Island arsenal.
Pl'vESIDEXTIAL APPROVAL OF LAWS,
A message from the President of tlio United
States, by Mr. Robeut Johnson, his Secretary,
announced that the President had approved
and signed, on the 8th instant, the following
acts :
Ail act (S. No. 03) to quiet the title to cci-
tain lands within the corporate limits of the
city of San Francisco ; and
An act (S. No. 142) for the relief of James
Bawdin.
BONDED WAREHOUSES.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of the motion made
by the Senator from Rhode Island [Mr.
Stoague] to reconsider the bill (H. R. No.
135J to extend the time for the withdrawal of
goods for consumption from public store and
bonded warehouse, and for other purposes. I
believe it was postponed for consideration until
to-day.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will tho Senate reeonsiderthe vote pass-
ing the bill? And on that question the Senator
from Rhode Island is entitled to the iioor.
Mr SPI'AUUE. Mr. President, 1 have to
beg the indulgence of the Senate for submittina:
the remarks that I have to make in part this
morning from paper. The severe cold that
affected me on a former occasion still continues,
and 1 am st\ll very much prostrated by the
effects of that disorder. I did not feel compe-
tent to trust myself to state orally the views that
I have to express. I state this as a preamble
simply to the remarks that I will now submit to
the Senate.
Because the Senator from California has tele-
graphed to his constituents in that great State,
tile passage of the bill under consideration, we
are told this bill must be hurried through. Sir,
thebribeistoo small—$10,000,000, y],000,000,
of trade, S100.000 of profit is too small a bribe
to continue a system, the evil effect of which is
felt by billions of trade and by millions of profits.
As the Most High removed the scales from
the eyes of St. Paul that had blinded his sight
from the perception of this great doeirine, so
| lie likewise has removed from my heart the
j timidity that has tied niv tongue for the past
| two 3 ears ; for 1 now feel bold in the advocacy
i of the principles that are in me. and 1 do not
i desire to affect other than the, minds of the Sen-
! ate. 1 trust the reporters will not dignify me by
, any remarks in their very able and valuable
papers. My remarks are intended exclusively
j for the Senate.
| My health being such, I feared I should be
i unable to resume the consideration of the qaes-
I tion before the Senate, and I have, therefore,
hastily thrown together one or two ideas that
i are more important than others in writing, and
I I beg the pardon of the Senate for so doing.
! and assure, 1hem that it is but the preamble to
I the remarks 1 desire to submit upon this occa-
'• sion.
If the same opposition that is now and ever has
been brought to bear upon the principles of
right and justice, as applied to the political con-
ventions of the people, and as applied to the
industrial interests, was applied to the princi-
ples of mathematics, the largerpart of the peo-
ple would be led to doubt the truth that two
and two make four.
If a vote was to be taken to-morrow by the
whole people as to whether they would con-
tinue the tariff, 1 am not sure but the vote would
be against, it. which would be in effect to decide
that they will not be as well clothed or have as
good food, and be as well educated and be sur-
rounded with as much of happiness and have
as stable and pure government a« the people of
eon' .ental Europe, whose Governments direct
aggressions upon the industrial interests of this
i country to strengthen their ruling classes and
j contribute even more of wealth to their trading
classes, and in this country are aided by men
whose sole end and aim is to accumulate money
: without regard to principle, country, or good
| sense. Three fourths of the southern people
acted, I believe, honestly in what they felt to
be the defense of their country, of their rights,
and for a better condition for themselves and
for their children; and yet every blow they
struck was to forge a link in the chain of their
political, social., intellectual, moral, and indus-
trial slavery.
The great mass of the Irish, and also the i" led-
ucated population of this country, sympathize
with the rebellious portion of southern society,
the ruling object of that society being to Keep
from all advancement in civilization and*in
position the very class that supports them. Such
are some of the contradictions that to-day beset
us in the discussion of this and of all other
questions that command public attention.
Look at my own situation. We have the
semblance of a tariff, with little of reality, so
badly administered, with so many acts of legis-
lation that neutralize it as a means to equalize
the labor of this with older countries, that I
sometimes feel that it would be better if there
were none at all. We should at least get rid
of the prejudice respecting this policy that has
fast ened itself upon the people. When we con-
sider that twenty-live millions of revenue is
lost to the Government by undervaluation and
introduction through the bonded warehouse,
and through fraud and the loss of interest from
the time of entry into bond until withdrawn
therefrom often millions besides, wo may well
suppose, with these largo, well-understood cor-
ruptive influences, that (he accumulation of
those not seen by the public may be as large
as these, and as they are far more numerous
so they injuriously affect greater number and
classes of people.
While wo know this to be so, is it not the
part of wise men and of statesmen to prevent
such heresies from being extended or from grow-
ing stronger by any legislative acts of ours?
None will deny but that this country is the
great workshop for European monopolists. I
tremble almost as I survey the ground and ask
myself what is to be the future. We are slaves
to that, power, hound hand and foot. I have
not myself penetration sufficient to seethe end. _
Who are the real friends of this country?
Was Lord Chatham, when, if his policy had
prevailed until now, we should have been still
colonies of Great Britain, and the words that
''if America as much as makes a stocking or
forges a hobnail 1 would let her feel the whole
power of Great Britain," would be the policy
that would have prevailed here? It is said that
the devil when bent upon any very extraordi-
nary wickedness takes upon himself the out-
ward habiliments of a saint. In England those
who sympathized with our cause during the
war, those who advocate reform bills, a more
enlarged suffrage, and freedom, politically and
socially, for the people, advocate free trade
for this country. Did not slavery say, let us
alone? Do not all monopolists say let us
alone? Let us enjoy free trade without, compe-
tition? Does not the Camden and Amboy re-
sist tho erection of any competing lines? It is
free trade for her and no trade for the rest of
the people. Tf the managers of this interest
were wise and good, if there were nothing hu-
man in their nature, if they were never subject
to a feeling to take advantage of their secure
position, still the old maxim prevails, that
•' competition is the life of trade." England,
therefore, through Bright and Cobden, advo-
cates for this country free trade: and I am not
sure but that on the sole judgment of their
voices, and contrary to the general opinions of
tho people they represent, there are Senators
here who act upon their reasoning as law.
What can be cxpected of the man ?
England advocates free trade on commodi-
ties of which she has the monopoly. She taxes
tobacco two dollars the pound and obtains from
a tariff upon kindred articles §115,000,000 out of
$3">i,000,000, the latter sum being the amount
of her revenues for the year. The planters of
Connecticut from New England, of \ irginia,
Maryland, Kentucky, and Tennessee, have
more reason to ask for free trade for their
product than England has for her manufactur-
ers. For if thepeople now will pay two or three
dollars pel-pound, would not, in tho event of the
custom tax being removed, this ^11").000,000,
or a large'portion of it, go into the pockets of
the planters? If fhe people can and do afford
to pay for it at all, what is it to them who re-
ceives it? France upon the same and kindred
