2234
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I submit that
this bill involves an appropriation and must
have its first consideration in a Committee of
the Whole House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would have
sustained the point of order if it had been made
in time, but the House has already considered
the bill in the House? The gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburne] has moved to refer
it to the Committee on Commerce, and the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Thornton] is
, making remarks in opposition to that motion.
Mr. THORNTON. I ask that the report
be read.
The report was read.
Mr. THORNTON. It will be seen by the
report that in February, 1865, the quartermas-
ter's department chartered this vessel to carry
oats and hay from Portland, Maine, to Port
Royal, South Carolina; and the agreement was
that she was not to be detained in discharging
her cargo longer than ten days. This would
have released the vessel on the 26th of Feb-
ruary. Instead of that she was detained at
Port Royal until the 9th of March, 1865, and
was then ordered to Moorhead City, North
Carolina, and there discharged her cargo, and
was detained there until the 26th of May, I860.
The vessel was-thus detained by the military
authorities for nearly a hundred days. She
then sailed for Philadelphia.
The proof shows that during the time this
vessel was detained by the military authorities
she might have earned $12,500 in carrying coal
from Philadelphia to .New Orleans. But the
bark was detained, as I have said, and the-
committee have fixed upon the sum of $12,000
as the amount of damages sustained by the
owners of the bark in consequence of this
detention.
The committee are satisfied, from a thor-
ough examination of the ease, that the amount
is much less than the very serious damage done
the owners of the vessel during the time of its
detention by the military authorities. I hope
the bill will pass, and not be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made
the motion to refer this bill to the Committee
on Commerce because bills of this character
are always referred to that committee, as they
have the jurisdiction of cases of this kind. I
trust my colleague [Mr. Thorn'ton] will make
no objection to referring this bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. THORNTON. I hope not: the matter
has been already fully investigated.
Mr. UPSON. Is this amount of $12,000
estimated and reckoned as a loss of profit?
Mr. THORNTON. The difficulty was in
determining upon the proper rule for esti-
mating the amount of damages. The owners
claimed constructive damages; but the com-
mittee based the amount here named in the
bill upon the last contract made to carry coal
from Philadelphia to New Orleans, and 1'or
carrying that cool the owners could have netted
$12,500. In view of that and of the port and
insurance charges and outfitting expenses, the
committee are satisfied that $12,000 will not
covej the entire loss.
Mr. UPSON. It is, then, an estimate of
loss of profits?
Mr. THORNTON. To some extent it is.
Mr. UPSON. I do not know upon what
principle of law this can be given.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois From the
reading of the report in this case it appears
that this contract was entered into, and a cer-
tain amount stipulated as demurrage, which, at
the rate of $12,000 for the time here named,
would make $48,000 a year for a bark which
I presume could have been bought for $12,000
in the first instance.
Mr. THORNTON. It was a new bark, and
cost $60,000. This was its first trip, accord-
ing to the proof of merchants in Portland,
Maine. The gentleman, therefore, is entirely
mistaken in his conclusion.
Mr. LYNCH. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,]
that this was a new vessel of six hundred and
forty tons, and this charter to the Government
was for her first voyage. The vessel was
worth from sixty to sixty-five thousand dollars.
She was chartered for this trip to Port Royal,
and was detained, as has been stated by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Thornton,] for
sixty-nine days. She was reehartered to go to
Philadelphia for a cargo of coal, and while
waiting there she was notified that no cargo
could be provided for her.
She was finally discharged in May, just at the
time when business was at a stand-still in con-
sequence of the collapse of the rebellion, and
no freight could be obtained there. And the
vessel had to take a very low charter to go from
there to St. John, and there take a charter to
England. Any gentleman acquainted with com-
mercial matters must know very well that a ves-
sel on a voyage cannot afford to take demur-
rage for lying in port. And besides all this, if
the owners had had the liberty to take a chartcr
at the time the Government chartered her, it
has been shown here, and attested by the evi-
dence of merchants in New York, Philadel-
phia, and Portland, who are well acquainted
with these matters, that the owners would have
made in that time more than twenty thousand
dollars. This is not speculative at all, but the
ordiuary freight of the vessel, based upon the
amount she earned from the time she left Port-
land until the time she had discharged her cargo
at Port Royal.
Now, I want to say one word further, in regard
to the motion of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. washbpkne] to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee on Commerce. That will involve a delay
of some months, and will very probably carry
it beyond the close of this session. The Com-
mittee of Claims have had the matter in charge
from the first of the session. There have been
no lobby agents here, for the men who own this
vessel are not able to employ lobby agents.
They are a few men of limited means, who
have put all their means in this vessel, and
are now embarrassed for want of what is justly
due them from the Government.
There are now claims upon the vessel which
are waiting the payment of this amount which
is due from the Government. I hope, at any
rate, that the matter will be settled here now,
so that these parties may know what is to be
their fate. I trust that the bill will not be per-
mitted to go over to the next session, which
would inevitably be its fate if it should be
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. DELANO, There are a number of
other matters which I desire to get before the
House this morning; and therefore I feel com-
pelled to call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was upon the
motion to refer the bill to the Committee on
Commerce.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. THORNTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
compensation for horses.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a bill entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide for
the payment of horses and other property de-
stroyed in the military service of the United
States,' approved June 25, 1864;" which was
read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the act which it proposes
to amend shall, from the commencement of
the recent rebellion, extend to and include all
cases of the loss of any horse by any officer,
non-commissioned officer, private, or musician
in the military service of the United States,
while in the line of his duty in such service, by
the abandonment of the same in consequence
of injury arising from unavoidable accidentsin
land transportation fun ished by the Govern-
ment, wherever it shall jppear that such aban-
donment was the result of the order of a supe-
rior officer, and the injury and loss were with-
out any fault or negligence on the part of the
person sustaining such loss.
The question was upon ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read the third time.
Mr. THORNTON. Mr. Speaker, I will
only remark that a law passed in 1849 pro-
vided for compensation for the loss of horses
in consequence of accidents in water transpor-
tation. In 1864 another law was enacted, pro-
viding for compensation for the loss of horses
captured by the enemy. There have been
referred to the Committee of Claims a number
of resolutions and bills contemplating compen-
sation for horses lost in the recent war in con-
sequence of unavoidable accidents by land
transportation. During the war a great many
horses were transported upon the various rail-
roads of the country; and this bill simply pro-
vides that the act of 1864 shall be extended so
as to include cases of horses abandoned by
order of a superior officer, in consequence of
unavoidable accident resulting from land trans-
portation furnished by the Government. It
will embrace only a very small class of cases.
The committee are satisfied, from the cases
which have come before them, that a law of
this kind is necessary and just.
Mr. Speaker, I move the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. I trust the gentleman will not
press the demand for the previous question. I
desire to offer a substitute for the bill.
Mr. THORNTON. I respectfully decline
to yield for that purpose. I am satisfied that
the House is not ready at this time to go fur-
ther than this bill provides; and I prefer that
the gentleman should present his proposition
at some other time.
On seconding the previous question, there
were—ayes 53, noes 11; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, uncler the rule, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Thornton and
McKee.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes seventy-five, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. THORNTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills of
the following titles; which were thereupon
signed by the Speaker :
An act (S. No. 158) to facilitate the settle-
ment of accounts of the Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States, and to secure certain moneys to the
United States, or to the persons to whom they
are due, and who are entitled to receive the
same; and
An act £S. No. 255) to remit and refund
certain duties.
francis a. gibbons.
Mr. DELANO, from the Committee of
Claims, reported back House bill No. 886, for
the relief of Francis A. Gibbons, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to pay,
out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise expended, the sum of $563 19 to Francis
A. Gibbons, the same being money paid by him
for property purchased at a quartermaster's
sale, in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, 011 the
15th day of February, 1863, under the direc-
tion of Colonel Belger, assistant quartermaster,
which was not delivered to the purchaser.
Mr. DELANO demanded the previous ques-
tion.
