4154
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J nly 25,
deposits, when a man, a real capitalist, has
more money than lie feels it safe to use, he
deposits it; that bank deposits it in one nearer
thf commercial center, and from there it goes
to (he commercial center; so that there are
from ten to fifteen people operating on each
deposit. The men who enter iuto wild adven-
tures are stimulated by the bank directors to
borrow their deposits. Shrewd, capable, busi-
ness men, men of capital, see dangers around
them and will not embark in business; they
find it more profitable to let their funds lie in
the banks at interest. The bank directors want
to make interest out of them, and lend to what
are called men of enterprise, men who will
engage in speculations, and will take the risks
that sensible men avoid.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, demanded
theyeas and nays on theamendraent as amended.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 28, nays 87, not voting
7] : as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Barker, Sidnej'tilarke, Driggs, Eck-
ley, Egglcston, Farquhar, Hart, liavcs, Jlotchkiss,
Kelley, Lcftwieli. Loan, Marston, McOlurg. Miller,
Moorhead, Newell,Patterson, Rollins, Ross,Stevens,
Nathaniel g., t;iylor, John L.Thomas, Trimble, Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Stephen F. Wilaon,
anfl Windom—25.
NATS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Baker,
Banks, Baxter,Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boycr,
Buckland. Cobb, Ooiiklm'r, Cook, Cullom, Dawes,
Bofrces, Delano, I>ixon, Donnelly, Eidridge, Kliot,
I'arnsworth, Ferry, Fmck, Uarlield, Glossbrcnner,
Aaron Harding, Aimer C. Ilaiding, Jlogan, Holme,
Hooper, Chester I). Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James It. Hubbell, Hiilburd, Jcnekes, Julian, Ivas-
fion, Ken, KoonU, Kuykendnll, Lutim. Latham,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lc Blond,
Lynch, Marshall. Maynartl, McCnilough, McRuer,
Morcur, Moms, Moulton, Mvcrs, Niblaek, Nichol-
son, Orth, Paine, Pcihaiu, Phelps, Plains Price,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, ltilter, Sawyer, Scoficld. Shank-
lin, Shcllabargor, Spalding, Stokes, Strousc, Taber,
Nelson Taylor, Thornton, Trowbndgc, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Wontworth, Whalcy, Williams. James
If. Wilson, and Winfiold—87.
NOT VOTlNti—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James At. Ashley, Baldwin. Beaman, Ber-
gen, Blaine, Blow, Bontwell. Brandeeoe, Bromwell,
Broomall, Bundy, Chanter, Reader W. Clarke, Cul-
ver, Darling, Davis, Dawson, Doming, Dcnison,
Dodge, I>umont, Goodyear, (irider, Grinncll, Gns-
wold. Halo, Harris, Henderson, lligby, Hill. Asahel
W. llubbard. Denial Ilubbaul, Kdwin N. Hubbell,
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones. Kelso, Ket-
cham, Longyear, Marvin, Mclndoo, McKcc, Mor-
rill, Noell, O'Neill, Pike, Pomeroy, Ravmond, John
JI. Rice, llogois, Selionek, Sitgroavcs, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stilwoll, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Upson, War-
ner, Elibu B. Wasliburne, Henry D. Wasliburn,
"William B. Washburn, Welker, Woodbridge, and
Wright—71.
So the amendment, as amended, was rejected.
I'AY OF TENNESSEE MEMBERS.
The SPEAKER. The Chair has received the
following letter from the Sergeant-at-Arms :
Skroeaxt-at-Akms's Office,
HoUSU of representatives,
Washington, D. C., July 26,1866.
Sir : My attention lias been callcd to the question
of the payment of the members recently admitted
from the State of Tennessee, and as I can only lilt
up certificates for pay and mileage under your direc-
tion X desire to bo informed of the amount which you
will certify tn be duo to each member.
I am, with respect, your obedient servant,
N. 6. ORD.WAY,
Sergeant-at-Arms House of Representatives.
Hon. Schuyler Colfax,
Speaker House of Representatives.
As this embodies a new question, the Chair
will refer it to the decision of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. There is no difficulty about
it. These Aembers were members from the
commencement of this Congress, as it after-
ward turned out. I move they be allowed pay
and mileage from that time.
Hr. DAWES. There can be no doubt about
it. The precedents are all in favor of the mo-
tion. It was so in the Louisiana case and in
all the others.
Mr. LOAN moved that the matter be referred
to the Committee of Elections.
The motion to refer was disagreed to.
Mr. Stevens's motion was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILLS, ETC., SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled^ bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles ;
when the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. R. No. 438) in relation to the
appointment of clerks to the courts of Wash-
ington Territory;
An act (H. R. No. 772) to authorize the
issue of certain-bonds in denominations greater
than $1,000;
An act (IT. R. No. 728) authorizing the Sec-
retary of the Treasury to issue certificates of
registry, or enrollment and license, to certain
vessels;
Joint resolution (H. li. No. 101) for the
relief of certain officers of the Army ; and
Jointresolution (IT. 11. No. 17G) amendatory
of a joint resolution entitled, '' A resolution
respecting bounties to colored soldiers and the
pensions, bounties, and allowances to their
heirs," approved June ]5, 1866.
BANK BILL—AGAIN.
Mr. FAIIQUHAR. I desire to move to
strike out the paragraph.
Mr. HUBBAltD, of West Virginia. I move
to strike out after the word "associations," in
line sixty-three, down to and including the
word "act" in line sixty-six, namely, " and no
association shall issue any certificate, receipt,
or other obligation payable at any future day,
nor advertise for, solicit, or receive deposits as
a savings bank."
Mr. EAllQUHAR. I accept that amend-
ment in lieu of what I proposed.
The question being taken on the amendment,
it was not agreed to—ayes twenty-seven, noes
not counted.
The Clerk read as follows:
That bcct.ion thirty bo amended by striking out all
after the en acting clause and inserting in lieu thereof
the following: that eveiy association may take, re-
ceive, reserve, and charge on any loan or discount
made, or upon any note, bilt of exchange, or other
evidences of debt, interest at the rate allowed by the
laws of the State or Territory where the bank is lo-
cated, and no more, except that where by the laws of
any State a different rate is limited for bunks of issue
organized under State laws, the rates so limited shall
bo allowed tor associations organized in any such
State under this act. And when no rate is fixed by
tho laws of the State or Territory the bank may take,
receive, reserve, orcharge a rate not exceeding seven
per cent., and such interest maybe taken in advance,
reckoning tho days for which the note, bill, or other
evidence of debt has to run. And the knowingly
taking, receiving, reserving, or charging a rate of
interest greater than as afoicsaid shall be held and
adjudged n, forfeiture of the entire debt. And hero-
after, in case a greater rate of interest has been paid,
the person or persons paying tho same, or their legal
representa tives, may recover back the amount of the
entire debt, or so much thereof as may ha,ve been
paid from tho association taking or receiving the
bame: Provided, That such action is commenccd
within two years from tho time the usurious trans-
action occurred: but the purchase, discount, or sale
ot a bona jide bill of exchange, payable at another
place than the placo of such purchase, discount, or
sale, at not moro than the current rate of exchange
for sight drafts, in addition to the interest, shall not
be considered as taking or receiving a greater rate
of interest.
Mr. PRICE. I move to strike out after the
word 11 more," in line eighty-six, down to and
including the word " act," in line eighty-nine,
namely, '' except that where by the laws of
any State a different rate is limited for banks
of issue organized under the State laws, tho
rate so limited shall be allowed for associations
organized in any such State under this act."
The object will be obvious. There are some
States where there are two rates of interest
fixed, one for banks and another for individ-
uals. Some of the banks are winding up, and
it is a question whether they are in existence
or not._ _ If a national bank should change a
rate of interest, that would be decided under
the law where the State banks are winding up
to be illegal; it would forfeit the entire debt.
By striking out the words I have indicated it
will allow a national bank in any State or Ter-
ritory to change the rate of interest allowed in
thatStateorTerritoryby law. The State Bank
of Iowa, for instance, has been winding up
for some eighteen months, and it is a question
whether it is now in existence or not. If a
national bank in Iowa should charge interest
exceeding the rate allowed to be charged by
the State Bank of Iowa, the question would
arise whether that bank was in existence or
not, and upon the decision of that question
would depend the legality of the transaction.
Therefore I wish to get rid of this thing. The
same thing may exist in other States. _ By strik-
ing out these words we clear the section of am-
biguity, and leave the banks to charge the rate
of interest allowed by law in the States and
Territories.
The question was taken upon Mr. Price's
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move now to strike out the
word "debt" where it occurs in the ninety-
seventh line, and to insert in lieu thereof the
word "interest."
Mr. CONKLINGr. I hope that amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. PRICE. Why not?
Mr. CONKLING-. I will tell you why not
presently.
Mr. PRICE. The reason for the amend-
ment, it seems to me, is so obvious that I did
not suppose any gentleman would require any-
thing to be said about it. It is this: that if
there are any States or Territories in which
two rates of interest are allowed, and a bank
should inadvertently charge the wrong rate of
interest, then, under this bill, they would for-
feit the entire $ebt. I trust the House will
not hesitate to adopt this amendment.
Mr. CONKLING-. The propriety of the
proposition of the member from Iowa is a
great deal more obvious to him at present than
it would have been if his profession, like that
of many of us, had led him to try a great many
usury cases. He would then understand bet-
ter than he does the ins and outs of the usury
laws. Now, I submit to every lawyer in the
House that the striking out of the word "debt"
and inserting "interest" in place of it is noth-
ing more than a bungling, shambling way of
striking out the whole section. If the gentle-
man from Iowa will give me his attention I
think he will agree with me that if his amend-
ment were adopted this section of the bill
would become a mere dead letter, and that we
had better strike it out altogether; or, to be
more frank and plain-speaking, insert a sec-
tion striking off the shackles from these bank-
ing institutions, and letting them range free
and uncontrolled, to feed upon the necessities
of the business community. There is a very
good argument to be made on the other side,
and it has been made over and over again in
all the State Legislatures in regard to the ex-
pediency of usury laws; but I submit that there
is no argument that can be made in favor of a
usury law which confines the banks to the legal
rate of interest, at the same time providing
that if they violate the statute they shall for-
feit the interest—a merebagatelle. They might
as well be required to forfeit a black bean or
a button. The provision amounts to nothing
at all.
Now, sir, I have an amendment which Ipro-
pose to offer, and which I will offer if this
amendment does not prevail, and the section
is left with any utility at all in it, providing
not only what is provided now, that the taking
of usury shall lead to a forfeiture of the debt,
but that all bills, notes, and obligations tainted
with usury shall be void in the inception.
Otherwise, even as the section now stands, it
amounts to nothing. Because a bank may take
usury, and having taken it may turn around
and hand the note to my friend before me, for
instance, [Mr. Pp.ice,] and take his check for
the amount of the note, and he may go on and
sue the note at once, and the right of the
