1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271!
but the lands remain worn out and exhausted:
their richness has gone into the pockets of tlie
traders of Europe, and has aided in strength-
ening the chains of the despots and tyrants
upon that continent, aided by those who would
be so here. Free trade, therefore, means free
trade for us to sell to you exclusively. _ 1" ou
are told, buy in the cheapest market, sell in the
dearest. You have had comparisons of this,
and you have been led to take the value of a
bale of cotton as valued in this country, and
made to buy for it double the iron that it would
buy in this country, and we are thus told, ''See,
see, dealers in brooms carried on for a long
time a competition in trade until the brooms
were almost given away. This called for con-
sultation. ' How is this,' says one, ' 1 can no
more make biooms at this priceSays an-
other, 'I could not, but I steal the straw/
'Yes,'1 says another, • 1 can ; I steal the straw
and the handle.' 'Nor I,' says another, 'I
steal the brooms made up.' " The traitorous
advoCaccs of free trade in this country steal the
prices of cotton which is made and continued !
high by the effect of the establishment in this j
country of the business of manufacturing, based |
upon the theory of custom rates as applied to |
importation. And how beneficial it has beeii^ |
to this country to compel the manufacturers of S
Great Britain to pay to us, the owners of the
soil, these unusual high prices lor the quantity
she uses, and at a time above all others when it
had become nccessary that we should realize
gold for our products. You cannot but admit
the men of Now England have aided practically
iu doing this.
Let us look at it in another phase. _ How in-
dignant and with what holy horror did a pam-
phlet speak, the other day, in reference to a
thread mill in Connecticut making three hun-
dred per cent. Sir, the thief many times is the
first to discover to his pursuers his own guilt.
The free traders here have furnished a club to
beat, out their own brains. I know something
of this interest. Up to the beginning of the
war no establishment had been able to main-
tain its existence in this country. The great
English aristocratic manufacturing lioiibo of
Coates & Co., whose thread had exclusive en-
trie into every woman's work-basket in this
country, gradually worked up their prices so
high that the enterprising Yankee of Connec-
ticut, poor in pence but rich in brains, went
to work, and with a few thousands started a
machine, succeeded partially, started a com-
pany; they went on a little larger, and upon
the prices "that the English monopolist lias es-
tablished a large profit has been obtained; that
is expended in erecting larger works, so that
the prices may be reduced and the profit ob-
tained upon increased quantity.
The PRESIDE N X pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty of
the Chair to cull up the unfinished business of
yesterday, which is the joint resolution (II. It.
!No. 51) proposing to amend the Constitution
of the United States.
Mr. CONFESS. With the consent of the
Senator from Maine, I move that the regular
order be temporarily laid aside for hall' an
hour, so that the Senator from Rhode Island
may close his remarks, and that we may get a
vote on this subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It can be
laid aside by common consent, if there be no
objection.
Mr. FESSENDENF. I have no objection, so
far as I am concerned, to its being postponed
for half an hour, if there is no objection on the
part of any one else iu the Senate, for 1 cer-
tainly do not expect to occupy all _ the time
from one until three o clock. If it is desired
by the Senate, therefore, that the considera-
tion of this subject should continue for awhile
longer, T shall interpose no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Xo objec-
tion being interposed, the joint resolution will
be laid aside informally, and the Senator from
Rhode Island will proceed.
Mr. FESSEMJEN.
will ask the Senator from Rhode Island how
long lie will take to conclude his remarks.
Mr. SPRAG-UE. Certainly half an hour or
an hour.
Mr., CONXESS. The honorable Senator
fronj New Hampshire [Mr. Ci.ark] desires to
state of things which would allow the ballot to
such colored men as were proper persons to
exercisc it, since I could not accomplish it in
the way I would like to do, by directly abol-
ishing- all distinctions of color, I was wiIlHig,to
reach it by this resolution, which in my judg-
return to his State to-day, and is desirous, of ;; ment would, after a series of years, greater .or
| course, of voting- on the resolution to amend the
Constitution. There are some other reasons
why that question should be at once disposed
of. and therefore I move that the question just
considered by the Senate be postponed until |
half past twelve o'clock to-iuoirow.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution to amend the Constitution is really
before the Senate, and no motion is tcijuircd
to bring it up.
Mr. CONN ESS. I make the motion to post-
pone the bonded warehouse bill until Mouday
next, and that ii be made the special order for j
half past twelve o'clock on that day, with the
understanding that we shall come to a vote
upon it at that. time.
The motion was agreed to.
ADJOURNMENT TO MONDAY.
Mr. CRESWELL. I move that when the
Senate adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next at twelve o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEX1. I should like my friend
to withhold that motion for the present, until
wc see whether we can dispose of this resolu-
tion to-day.
Mr. CRESVTE EL. Certainly.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
APPORTIONMENT OP REPRESENTATION.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (II. R. No. 51) proposing to amend
the Constitution of the United States is now
before the Senate, and the Senator from Maine
I Mr. Fcsskxdex ] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEX. Mr. President, 1 regret
sincerely, as the honorable Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. SiMXKii] did, that I find it
necessary in my judgment to say something
more upon the question under consideration.
I do not intend, however, to present again the
argument that I have already had occasion to
make; but some things have been said and
some grounds taken by honorable Senators
since those views were presented which, ill my
liid'imeut, require a short reply. It- is not my
'intention to consider the subject at any \ery
considerable length; and perhaps I maybe
obliged to speak rather upon matters and things
in general than upon the question under con-
sideration; and I hope it 1 shall do so that the
Senate will not judge me too severely.
Mr. President, I have been taught since I
have been in public life to consider it amatter
of proper statesmanship, when we aim^ at an
object which we think is valuable and impor-
tant, if that object, iu our judgment, is unat-
tainable, to get as much of it and come as near
it as we may bo able to do. It was with views
something like these, actuated by considera-
tions of this description, that the committee ot
which I have the honor to be one, presented
the resolution which is now under eonsidera-
[j tion. As I before took occasion to state, it was
■; not all they wished, it was not in some particu-
■ lars exactly what they might have desired. So |
! far as mv own judgment was concerned, and is i
less, accomplish the same purpose indirectly
and he asked me very distinctly and very sig-
nificantly whether it was proper to accomplish
by indirection that which we could not accom-
plish directly. I have yet to learn that where
a legislator avows his object and his purpose,
states what he wishes to accomplish and the
mode by which he is to accomplish it, he is to
be charged, although it operates indirectly, with,
what is properly understood by the term "in-
direction," which conveys the idea of a trick,
a contrivance, to do something by taking ad-
vantage of others which you cannot do if you
make'plain to their senses what is the object.
I put no such construction upon it, and 1 do
not hold myself as at all amenable to such a
charge. Legislators may often with great pro-
priety pass bills which do not lead directly to a
particular result with a view and intention that
they shall finally accomplish it, and I think it
is the part of wisdom so to act in many cases.
Sir, if I may be allowed to say so, when the
Saviour of the world came upon earth He found
I many abuses, many errors, many corruptions
existing w Inch He would gladly have tci minated
at once. He did not deem it wise or prudent to
attempt to put them down by the strong arm of
power; but He laid down a set ofprincipies, and
lie gave instructions which, if they became ac-
ceptable to the people, and were finally takenas "
a rule of action, would inevitably, bv the effect
they would produce upon the minds of men,
tend to banish all those errors, to destroy all
those corruptions, and to make the world what
it should be. The action of such legislation,
if I may call it so, was not direct, but indirect;
and 1 have yet to learn that such action was not
eminently wise and good, being calculated to
effect the object that He had in view—the im-
provement o'f the world.
I have no more to say upon that subject. I
wished simply to relieve myself of the impu-
tation which the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana seemed to desire to cast upon me for using
that expression. I adhere to the same posi-
tion ; and 1 think, with regard to the present
question, it is better to accomplish it indirectly
than bv loice. 'The question is a great one,
involving the right of a large number of people
to exercisc ,suffrage. Many of them, perhaps,
would be fit to exercise it to-day ; many of them
may be unfit to exercise it to-day; many more
may become fit to exorcise it in the process of
time, when they shall have enjoyed their free-
dom and received instruction. A system aim-
ing at their development and at the full ex-
ercise, as thev become capable of using it in
process of time, of this great privilege of suf-
frage, which aims to accomplish it gradually,
kindly, mildly, and not at once by forcible im-
position. against all the prejudices and feelings
and habits of the people with whom they are
connected and among whom they live, would
be better, in my judgement, and tend more to
the peace of the community and the eventual
public good and safety of the nation. _ And
I will say to the honorable Senator, if it can
concern c'd now j' the resolution is defective; and j! be accomplished by ihe of ««
that is. in my mind, the objection to it. It is |j amendment ot the Constitution ^hic^appeais
not defeciive. as I think, in principle. The ii to the
ve. ...
principle upon "which it ii lounded is a safe and
wise one: but J think it conioa short of what
ought to bo attained, and I think, too. fhat^ as
it is draVnt it may be liable to evasion, and that
it may not accomplish what on its lace it uia\
seem'to accomplish.
The honorable Senator from Indiana, [-dr.
PEexdtuckp,] in the address which he made upon
this subject, commented somewhat severely,
as I thought upon un expression used by me 011
a former occasion, that as I could not accom-
L.Ut n plish by direct action what I wished to accom-
Before that io done, 1 !. plish in this regard, namely, to bring about a
(lJ interest of those who have hitherto
been and who are yet probably the ruling elas's
among whom this large population is situated,
and with whom they lhe, it will be far better
than to lun the risk of all the difficulties that
mi "lit arise from a forcible imposition, winch
would create ill-feeling, generate discord and
produce, perhaDS, undying animosities. tins,
' however, is my own private opinion, -and pcr-
1 haps it is of little value.
i The honorable Senator from lnuiana seemed
t to f'fiel very strongly upon this subject, and he
placed his opposition _ to this measure upon
three grounds, i'he first whs that it was in*
