1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion of a State government having differed in
time and mode from those specified in the act
of March 21, 1864,1 have declined to issue the
proclamation for which provision is made in the
fifth section of the law, and therefore submit
the question for the consideration and further
action of Congress.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, January 12, 1866.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that that commu-
nication be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and printed. I notice that among the
papers is the constitution of this new State in
manuscript.
Mr. WADE. Such documents have hereto-
fore been referred to the Committee on Terri-
tories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T am informed by the
Senator from Ohio that papers of this kind have
heretofore gone to the Committee on Territo-
ries. If that be so, I haVe no desire to depart,
in this instance, from the usual course. I sup-
posed that the question of the admission of a
State, and of Senators from it, had always gone
to the Judiciary Committee,but I have not looked
at the precedents. If the Senator from Ohio has,
and such papers have heretofore gone to the
Committee on Territories, I have no disposition
to insist upon a different reference on this occa-
sion.
Mr. WADE. I believe that is the fact, but I
have no disposition to change the destination
suggested by the Senator. As this ease involves
some questions of law, I am willing that it shall
go to the J udiciary Committee; hut I believe the
precedents are the other way.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ifthc precedents are the
other way, I prefer that this case shall take the
usual course. I have not looked into the pre-
cedents.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore,. Does the
Senator vary his motion?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do. I move that the
message and accompanying documents be
printed and referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I desire, by unanimous
consent, to introduce a bill for the admission
of Colorado, of which no notice has been given.
By unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 74) for the admission
of the State of Colorado into the Union; and
it was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Territories, and ordered to be
printed.
PROTECTION or CIVIL EIGHTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 61, to protect all persons in the LTnited
States in their civil rights, and^ furnish the
means of their vindication. I will state that
in calling up this bill it is not my intention to
press it to a vote or to any definite action upon
it further than to have the amendments re-
ported by the Judiciary Committee, which are
entirely of a verbal character, acted upon, and
then shall be willing that the bill be postponed
to a future day. I should like to have the bill
read, and those amendments which are entirely
verbal disposed of, and then let the bill be
postponed.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill.
It declares that there shall be no discrimination
in civil rights or immunities among the inhab-
itants of any State or Territory of the United
States on account of race, color, or previous
condition of slavery; but the inhabitants of
every race and color, without regard to any pre-
vious condition of slavery or involuntary ser-
vitude, except as a punishment for crime where-
of the* party shall have been duly convicted,
shall have the same right to make and enforce
contracts, to sue, be parties, and give evidence,
to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and con-
vey real and personal property, and to full and
equal benefit of all laws and proceedings for
the security of person and property, and shall
be subject to like punishment, pains, and penal-
ties, and to none other, any law, statute, ordi-
nance, regulation, or custom, to the contrary
notwithstanding. Any person who under cover
of any law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or
custom, shall subject or cause to be subjected
any inhabitant of any State or Territory to the
deprivation of any right scetircd or protected
by the act, or to different punishment, pains, or
penalties on account of such person having at
any time been held in a condition of slavery
or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have
been duly convicted, or by reason of his color
or race, than is prescribed for the punishment
of white persons, is to be deemed guilty of a
misdemeanor, and on conviction to bo punished
by a fine not exceeding $1,000, or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the
discretion of the court.
The district courts of the United States, within
their respective districts, are to have, exclu-
sively of the courts of the several States, cog-
nizance of all crimes and offenses committed
against the provisions of the act, and also, con-
currently with the circuit courts of the United
States, of all causes, civil and criminal, affecting
peisons who aie denied or cannot enforce in the
courts or judicial tribunals of tho State or lo-
cality where they may be any of the rights se-
cured to them by the act; and if any suit or
prosecution, civil or criminal, has been or shall
be commenced in any State court against any
such person, or against any officer, civil or mili-
tary, or other person, for any arrest or impris-
onment, trespasses, or wrongs done or com-
mitted, by virtue or under color of authority
derived from this act, or the act to " enlarge the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau," such de-
fendant is to have the right to remove such
cause for trial to the proper district or circuit
court in the manner prescribed by the "Act re-
lating to habeas corpus and regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases,'' approved March
3, 1863. The jurisdiction in civil and criminal
matters hereby conferred on the district and
circuit courts of the United States is to be ex-
ercised and enforced in conformity with the laws
of the United States, so far as such laws are
suitable to carry it into effect: but in all cases
where such laws are not adapted to the object,
or arc deficient in the provisions necessary to
furnish suitable remedies, and punish offenses
against law, the common law, as modified and
changed by the constitution and statutes of the
State wherein the court having jurisdiction of
the cause, civil or criminal, is held, so far as the
same is not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States, shall be extended
to and govern these courts in the trial and dis-
position of suc-h cause, and if of a criminal na-
ture, in the infliction ofpuuishinent on the party
found guilty.
The district attorneys, marshals, and deputy
marshals of the United States, the commission-
ers appointed by the circuit and territorial
courts of the United States, with powers of ar-
resting, imprisoning, orbailing offenders against
the laws of the United States, tho ofliceis and
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau, and every
other officer who may bo specially empowered
by the President of ilio United States, are by
the act specially authorized and required, at the
expense of the" United States, to institute pro-
ceedings against all and every person who shall
violate its provisions, and cause him or them to
be arrested and imprisoned, or bailed, as tho
ease may be, for trial before such court of the'
United States or territorial court as by the act
has cognizance of the offense. W ith a view to
affording reasonable protection to all persons
in their constitutional rights of equality beiore
the law, without distinction of race or color, or
previous condition of slavery or involuntary
servitude, except as a punishment for crime
whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed, and to the prompt discharge of the dit-
ties of the act, it is to be the duty of the circuit
courts of the United States and the superior
courts of the Territories of the United States,
from time to time, to increase the number of
commissioners so as to afford a speedy and
convenient means for the arrest and examina-
tion of persons charged with a violation of the
act. These commissioners shall havfe concur-
rent jurisdiction with the judges of the circuit
and district courts of the United States, and the
judges of the superior courts of the Territories,
severally and collectively, in term time and
vacation, upon satisfactory proof being made,
to issue warrants and precepts for arresting
and bringing before them all offenders against
the provisions of the act, and'on examination
to_ discharge, admit to bail, or commit them for
trial, as the facts may warrant. ;
Itis tobe the duty of allmarshals and deputy
marshals to obey and execute all warrants and
precepts issue'd under the provisions of the act,
when to them directed ; and should any marshal
or deputy marshal refuse to receive such war-
rant or other process when tendered, or to use
all proper means diligently to execute the same,
he is on conviction to be fined in the sum of
§1,000, to the use of the person upon whom
the accused is alleged to have committed the
offense, on the motion of such person, by
the circuit of district court for the district of
such marshal. And the better to enable the
commissioners to execute their duties faithfully ■.
and efficiently, in conformity with the Constitu-
tion of the United States and the requirements
of the act, they are empowered, within their
counties, respectively, to appoint in writing,
under their hands, any one or more suitable
persons, from time to time, to execute all Such
warrants and other process as maybeissued by
them in the lawful performance of theirrespect-
ive duties; and the persons so appointed to ex-
ecute any warrant or process are to have au'r
thority to summon and call to their aid the
bystanders or posse comitatus of the proper
county, or such portion of the land or naval
forces of the United States, or of the militia,
as may be necessary to the performance of the
duty with which they are charged, andtoinsure
a faithful observance of the clausc of the Con-
stitution which prohibits slavery, in conformity
with tlic provisions of the act; and these war-
rants are to um and be executed by those offi-
cers anywhere in the State within which they
arc issued.
Any person who shall knowingly and wilfully
obstruct, hinder, or prevent any officer. or other
person charged with the execution of any such
warrant or process, or any person or persons
lawfully assisting him or them, from arresting
any person for whose apprehension such war-
rant or process may have been issued, or shall
rescue or attempt to rescue such person from
the custody of the officer, other person or per-
sons, or those lawfully assisting, when so ar-
rested pursuant to the authority herein given,
or shall aid, abet, or assist any person so ar-
rested, directly or indirectly, to escape from
the custody of the officer or other person le-
gally authorized, or shall liaibor or conceal any
person for whose arrest a warrant or. process
shall have been issued, so as to prevent his dis-
covery and arrest, after notice or knowledge of
the fact that a warrant has been issued for the
apprehension of such person, is, for either of
these offenses, to be subject' to a fine not ex-
ceeding $1,000. and imprisonment not exceed-
ing six months, by indictment and conviction in
the district court of the United States in which
the offense may have been committed, or be-
fore the proper court of criminal jurisdiction,
if committed within any one of the organized
Territories of the United States; and in case of
the escape of the person for whose arrest such
warrant or process was issued, is moreover to
forfeit and pay, by way of civil damages, to the
party claiming to have been grieved by tins act,
the sum of $1,000, to be recovered by action of
debt, in any of the courts within whose juris-
diction the offense may have been committed.
The district attorneys, the marshals, their
deputies, and the clerks of thedigtrict and ter-
ritorial courts, are to be paid for their services
the like fees as may be allowed to_ them tor
similar services in other cases ; and in nil cases
where the proceedings are before a commission
