1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3195
business to be the calling of committees for
reports of a private nature.
LEAVENWORTH PUBLIC PARK.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
447, to authorize the Secretary of War to sell a
portion of the Fort Leavenworth military res-
ervation to the city of Leavenworth, in the State
of Kansas, for a public park, with amendments.
The bill authorizes the Secretary of War to
sell one hundred acres of the Fort Leaven-
worth military reservation, in the State of Kan-
sas, to the city of Leavenworth, in said State, for
the perpetual use and benefit of said city for a
public park at a price at which the land adjoin-
ing thereto was appraised and sold under treaty
with Delaware Indians of May 6, 1854.
First amendment:
In lino four strike out the words "hundred acres"
and insert "not exceeding one hundred and sixty
acres in the southeastern part."
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment:
In line six after tlieword "perpetual" insert "and
exclusive.
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Strike out all after the word "park'' at tbo end of
the sixth lino down to and including the word " for"
in the tenth line and insert" at a price not less than
$200 per acre."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote- by which the bill was passed : and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVKNWOItTH HORSE RAILROAD.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 448, to authorize
the construction of a railroad through certain
lands of the United States in Kansas, with
amendments.
Mr. SPALDING. Is this a private bill?
Mr. SCHENCK. It is entirely private and
local. It is a bill to construct a horse railroad
through the military reservation at Fort Leav-
enworth.
The SPEAKER. It is a private bill.
. The amendments reported by the committee,
being verbal in their character, were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved t,o lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CATHERINE WELCH.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back House bill No.
486, for the relief of Catherine Welch, with a
substitute and a written report.
The substitute provides that Catherine Welch,
widow of the late John Welch, of company E,
twenty-sixth regiment Illinois volunteers, be
authorized to receive the bounty, back pay,
and allowances due to said John Welch, with-
out being required to make other or further
proof of his death than that already furnished.
Mr. COOK. I call for the reading of the
report.
The Clerk read the report, as follows :
The Committee on Military Affairs, to whom was
referred a bill for the relief of Catherine Welch,
respectfully report:
That it lias been proven to their satisfaction that
said Catherine Welch was the wife of John Welch,
late a private in company 1', twenty-sixth Illinois
volunteers: that he enlisted August 2,1861. served
three vears faithfully, reenlisted asaveteran, served
until October 10,1804, when he was sent to a hospital
at Home, Georgia, suffering from a disease of the eyes,
which rendered him nearly blind. In the same month
lie was transferred to a hospital at Nashville, Ten-
nessee. On the way the train was attacked by guer-
rillas and thrown from the track: said,Welch was
bruised in the wreck of the cars, and in which the light
toolc place between the guerrillas and the soldiers oil
the train he was shot through the left thigh; his com-
rades conveyed him to Nashvilleandleft him in hos-
pital November 3, 1864, since which time there is no
record of any kind concerning him, cither in hospital
or elsewhere, nor has he been heard from by his fam-
ily or friends. That a diligent search by the captain
under whom he served was wholly ineffectual, no
trace of him could be found after his entrance into
the hospital; his back pay and bounty have never
been applied for. It was also proven that said Welch
was a respectable man. of good habits, and attached
to his family, and that his wife and family are now
in greatdestitution. The committee are satisfied that
said John Welch is dead, and report, a bill authoriz-
ing the bounty, back pay, and allowances due to him
to be paid to Ins widow.
The substitute was agreed to ; and the bill,
as amended, was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FOURTH UNITED STATES ARTILLERY.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of soldiers
of the fourth United States artillery praying to
be discharged from the service, having enlisted
to serve during the war, and the same was
laid on the table.
COLORED SOLDIERS OF TENNESSEE.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs have instructed me to report ad-
versely on the petition of certain colored sol-
diers of a Tennessee regiment, asking the same
bounty that is now paid to white troops, their
case having been already provided for by law.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
JOHN' 1!. INNER.
Mr. SCHENCK. The same committee have
instructed me to report adversely on the peti-
tion of John B. Innes, and others, of New
York city, praying for an equalization of boun-
ties.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
JOSEPH ISLICK.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the petition of Joseph
Blick, father of Henry Blick, of the Iowa vol-
unteers, the case having been already provided
for.
The petition was ordered to lie on the table.
CALLING OUT TIIE NATIONAL FORCES.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the same committee,
reported adversely on the joint resolution to
amend the act of March 3, 1865, in relation to
calling out the national forces, so as to make it
apply to a particular officer ; and the same was
ordered to lie on the table.
WILLIAM a. NELSON*.
Mr. BLAINE, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, reported a joint resolution for
the relief of William (r. Nelson.
The joint resolution provides that there be
paid to the claimant SI,000 for services in
recruiting for the Union Army in East Ten-
nessee during 1801 and 1862.
Mr. BLAINE. There is an accompanying
report, which I ask to be read.
The report was accordingly read. It shows
that Mr. Nelson made sixteen trips from East
Tennessee to the rendezvous of the Union
troops in Kentucky, a distance of one hundred
and seventy-five miles, over rugged mountains,
and piloted at each trip from one hundred to
one hundred and thirty troops, and in the
undertaking was subjected to great personal
danger.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider belaid j
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to. !
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had concurred with the House in the
passage of House joint resolution No. 120, to
extend to the counties of Berkeley and Jeffer-
son, of West Virginia, the provisions of the act
approved July 4, 1864, entitled "An act to re-
strict the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
and to provide for the payment of .certain
devnands for quartermaster's stores and sub-
sistence supplies furnished to the Army of the
United States."
CAPTAIN A. B. DYER.
Mr. BLAINE also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, a joint resolution
for the relief of Captain A. B. Dyer, upon
which he demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CIIAUIiES lit. BLAKE.
Mr. BLAINE also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back,with the recom-
mendation that it do pass, a joint resolution
for the relief of Charles M. Blake, upon which
ho demanded the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. BLAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ACTING ASSISTANT SURGEONS IN TIIE ARMY.
Mr. BLAINE also, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with the recom-
mendation that it do not pass, bill of the House
No. 008, relating to acting assistant surgeons
in the United States Army.
The bill was laid on the table, and, with the
report, ordered to be printed.
EDWIN CROUSE, ET At.
On motion of Mr. KETCHAM, the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs was discharged from
the further consideration of joint resolution
II. II. No. 100, ordering the names of First
Lieutenants Edwin Crouse, Jesse W. Dungan,
and Joseph Parker, to be placed and borne
upon the muster-roll of the United States : and
the same was laid on the table.
JOSEPH PARKING.
Mr. KETCHAM also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with the
recommendation that it do pass, a joint reso-
lution for the relief of Joseph Parking.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. KETCHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
'The latter motion was agreed to.
THIRTY-SEVENTH IOWA VOLUNTEERS.
Mr. KETCHAM also, from the Committee
on Military Affairs, reported back, with the
recommendation that iL do not pass, bill of the
House No. 18, for the relief of the members
of the thirty-seventh regiment of Iowa volun-
teer infantry; and the same was laid upon the
table.
