the congressional globe.
January 12,
lie is to be entitledto a fee of ten dollars in full
for his services -in each cass, inclusive of all
services incident to the arrest and examina-
tion.' The person or persons authorized to
execute the, process to be issued by such com-
missioners for the arrest of offenders against
£h@ -provisions of the act are to be entitled to
k fee of five dollars for each person he or
they may arrest and take before' the commis-
sioner, with such other fees as may be deemed
reasonable by the commissioner for such other
additional services as maybe necessarily per-
formed by Mm or them, such as attending to
the examination,.keeping the prisoner in cus-
tody, and .providinghim with food and lodging
during his detention, and until the final deter-
mination of the commissioner, and in general
for performing suc^ other duties as may be re-
quired in the premises; such fees to be made
up in conformity with the fees usually charged
by tie officers of the courts of justice within
Hie proper district or county, as near as mav
be practicable, and paid out of the Treasury of
the United States, on the certificate of the judge
of the district within which the arrest is made,
and to be recoverable from the defendant as
, of the judgment in case of conviction.
Whenever the President, of the United States
shall have reason to believe that offenses have
been or are likely to be committed against the
provisions of the act within any judicial district,
he may, in his discretion, direct the judge, mar-
shal, and district attorney, of the district, to
attend at such place, within the district, and for
such time as he may designate, forthe purpose
of the more speedy arrest, and trial of persons
charged with a violation of the act; and it shall
be the duty of every judge or other officer, when
any such requisition shall be received by him,
•to attend at the fdace and for the time therein
designated.
And the President of the United States, or
such person as he may empower for that pur-
pose, is to have authority to employ such part of
the land or naval forces of the United States,
or of the militia, as shall be necessary, to pre-
vent the violation and enforce the due execu-
tion of the act.
The first amendment of the Committee on
the Judiciary was in section two, line two, to
strike out the word " cover " and to insert the
word "color."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line thirty-three, after the word ''cause" to
insert the word "and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
ten, after the word '' offense" to strike out the
words, "on the motion of such person, by the
circuit or district court for the district of such
marshal.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section six, line
thirty, after the word "State" to insert the
words "or Territory."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
•line eighteen, after the word "person" to in-
sert the word !' shall.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven,
line twenty-two, after the word "States" to in-
sert the words "for the district."
The amendment was agreed to.
i The next amendment was in section eight,
line six, to strike out the word " commission "
and insert the word '' commissioner.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chan-
is informed that that closes the amendments
reported by the committee.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move that the
further consideration of this bill be postponed
until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjoarna to-day, it
be to meet on Monday next.
pension agents.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I ask the Senateto
take up a bill reported from the Committee on
Pensions this morning, which is a matter re-
quiring immediate action in the opinion of the
Secretary of the Interior, he recommending it.
It is a bill to regulate the appointment of pen-
sion agents.
There being no objection, thebill (S. No. 69)
to provide for"the payment of pensions was read
the second time, and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It proposes to authorize
the President of the United States to establish
agencies for the payment of pensions granted
by the United States, wherever, in his judg-
ment, the public interest and the convenience
of pensioners require, and by and with the ad-
vice and consent of the Senate to appoint pen-
sion agents who are to hold their offices forthe
term of four years and until their successors
shall have been appointed and qualified, and to
give bond, with good and sufficient sureties, for
such amount and in such form as the Secretary
of the Interior may prescribe; but nothing con-
tained in the bill is to be so construed as to
affect any existing office prior to an appoint-
ment by the President according to its provis-
ions.
Mr. CLARK. What is the operation of the
bill?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Under the present
law, the Secretary of the Interior has-the right,
to fix the districts, and appoint agents, andto
prescribe the bond and the amount of security
to be given by these respective agents. There
are some three hundred and forty or three hun-
dred and fifty of them, T believe, appointed and
contemplated to be appointed to carry out the
pension laws. This bill provides that instead of
the Secretary of the Interior having the discre-
tion to appointtlie.se agents and fix the districts,
it shall be given to the President, and these agents
shall be appointed upon the nomination of the
President and confirmation of the Senate. The
necessity for this legislation is this: many of
these agents were appointed years ago when
the amount to be disbursed was exceedingly
small; for instance, the pension agent in my
State 'five years ago did not pay out perhaps
$1,500 a year; now, lie will pay out $500,000.
We propose now to give these appointments to
the President, so that he may lenominate the
present officers, if he chooses, and the Secre-
tary of the Interior may require an additional
bond which will secure the amounts disbursed.
There is a letter on file, accompanying the bill
from the Secretary of the Interior, recommend-
ing very strongly the passage of the bill, and
sending down to the committee the draft of the
bill which we have proposed for adoption by
the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to hear
that letter read.
Mr. CLARK. Does the bill vacate the pres-
ent offices?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. This bill does not
vacate any office, but allows the President, if
he chooses, to renominate the present officers,
and then the new bonds are to be required. The
reasons for it are all given in the letter of the
Secretary of thelnterior. He considers it very
important. He says he does not desire that any
office shallbe vacated, or any officer turned out;
that they are very efficient and very competent,
and he has no complaint to make of them, but.
that the bonds in man}' instances ought to be
increased.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will inquire if the
Secretary has not power now to fix the bonds at
any rate he pleases. In my own State they give
a bond, if I am rightly informed, of S100.000.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is true of all
reccnt appointments under the discretion of the
Secretarv.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will it not answer the
purpose to simply authorize the Secretary of the
Interior to require a new bond from these offi-
cers? It strikes me, the office is hardly impor-
tant enough to make if a presidential appoint-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. That is the very
reason the Secretary of the Interior assigned
for this change. He says it is an office worth
from two thousand five hundred to three thou-
sand dollars a year almost everywhere, and he
thinks it ought to be a presidential appoint-
ment, and that these appointments ought to be
scrutinized by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. -1 have no sort of objec-
tion to it, but I should like tahear the letter of
the Secretary read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is informed that the letter has passed from the
desk, but it has been sent for and will be here
speedily.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. To accommodate
Senators, I move that the further consideration
of the bill be postponed until Monday, and
that the' bill and the accompanying documents
be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Several executive messages were received
from the President of the United States, by Mr. -
W. G. Moore, his Secretary.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of' executive
business; and after some time spent in execu-
tive session, the doors were reopened, and the
Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. .
Friday, January 12, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
list ot house employes, etc.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a list
of employes under the Clerk of the House;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the Clerk's annual report of contingent ex-
panses; which was laid upon the table, and
ordered to be printed.
compensation for slates enlisted.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to what I consider to be a question of
privilege. On yesterday the report of the Sec-
retary of War was presented in answer to a res-
olution of the House adopted on my motion
some days ago. It was read at my request, and
I supposed. as a matter of course, that it would
appear in this morning's Globe; but it does not
appear there. It is a matter of very consid-
erable importance to my constituents.
Now, I think that the report of the Secre-
tary of War should appear in the Globe. I
am informed by the reporters of the Globe that
it was their intention that that report should
appear in the Globe of to-day; but that last
evening they were unable to obtain it from the
Clerk. I suppose that the Clerk may be directed
to-day to furnish the reporters with a copy of
it to be printed in the Globe of to-morrow.
The reason I am anxious that the report
should appear is this: two years ago it was
made the duty of the Secretary of War to ap-
point a commission in each of the slave States
represented in Congress where slaves were en-
listed 
Mr. UPSON. I rise to a point of order, that
this is not a question of privilege.
The SPEAKER. It is not a question of
privilege.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I desire to
make a personal explanation.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. _ Let me ap-
peal to the gentleman from Michigan on this
ground: I offered that resolution, and_ when
the response camc into the House, I desired to
catch the ear of the Speaker : but thegentleman
from Pennsylvania obtained the floor, and I
had not an opportunity to make a single re-_
mark. All I desire now is to make a brief
explanation.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. About two
