6
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
tute for the bill, and this morning he has mod-
ified that substitute, as he had a right to do.
' Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
this substitute will be printed.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Bbtgham] is entitled to the floor.
the tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL. _ With the consent of the
gentleman from Ohio, who has the floor, I de-
sire to state to the llouse that the bill amend-
ing the internal revenue act which was made
the special order for Thursday of next week,
will not be called up before next Monday week
after the morning hour. The bill will not be
printed before to-morrow; and gentlemen have
mtimatedto me that they will not be able to
examine its provisions before the time I have
indicated.
nokthekn pacific railkoad—again.
Mr, BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know, in view of the many and various objec-
tions which were urged to this bill as originally
reported by the committee, that I would have
been willing to have given my vote for it in the
form in which it first came into the House, for
the reason that the bill, by reason of the gen-
eral terms in which it was reported, was liable
to misconstruction, ,and:'PQSsibly liable there-
fore to the very objections urged against it by
some of the gentlemen who have spoken.
' But, sir, in my judgment, the substitute which
has just been read to the House removes and
silences every objection that has been urged by
gentlemen who have heretofore spoken against
the adoption of this measure.
I agree with gentlemen that it is the duty at
all times of the Representatives of the people
to guard with jealous care the Treasury of the
nation. Assuming that position, and agreeing
to the fullest extent, upon that point with hon-
orable gentlemen who have spoken against this
measure, I beg to say that it is capable of abso-
lute demonstration that the substitute which
has just been read in the hearing of the House,
in any event, whether this company goes for-
ward with this work or abandons it, guards the
Treasury of the nation and puts money into it.
The act of 1864 has passed for the time being
beyond the power of this House. Rights have
been vested under it. No forfeiture hasarisen.
The time has not expired, as was suggested at
one time by my honorable colleague, [Mr.
Delano,] but which I believe he afterward cor-
rected—the time has not yet expired which was
fixed by the terms of the act of 1864, within
which the corporators could exercise the privi-
leges securcd to them by that act.
Nor docs that time expire, by the terms of
the act, until the month of July next, within
which time these corporators or their assignees,
whoever they may be, may secure to them-
selves beyond the reach of cure on the part of
this House the great franchise provided for in
the act of 1804.
Now, what change is wrought in this legis-
lation by the substitute as now presented to
the House, and which I hope will pass, if for
no other reason than that it so materially
changes the existing act as to give additional
security and make assurance doubly sure that
this great road, the need of the country, will be
speedily constructed? The pending substitute
does this, among other things: it enables the
Government of the United States to reclaim
at once and hold as a security for the con-
struction of this road—which all members will
admit to be essential to the prosperity of the
country and the development of its resources
in the Northwest—all the lauds contained in
the original grant of 1864, lying south of the
line of survey from the shores of Lake Supe-
rior to the shores of the Pacific ocean. The
amount of land thus reclaimed is variously
estimated on this side of this House and on
that side. I have not stopped myself to make
the calculation, but I am informed by one of
the members of the committee, who has given
his attention tQ it, that the amount of land thus
reclaimed for the purpose of constructing this
road is not less than twenty-three million acres.
What are the additional guards thrown into
this bill by the substitute, and which, I say,
remove the objections which gentlemen have
urged here against it ? The substitute provides
that the Government of the United States shall
not pledge one dollar of credit to the payment
for the construction of any part of this road, as
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
urged yesterday, and urged not without some
color of authority from the text of the bill as it
was originally reported. Sir, the substitute is
guarded as carefully as human language can
guard anything, it limits and restricts the
Secretary of the Treasury so that he can never
issue the • pledge of this Government save
when the company shall have first constructed
twenty-five consecutive miles or more of this
road, and then the pledge is only to extend
to the number of sections so completed. In
the first division of the road, upon the con-
struction of twenty-five miles or more by the
company, and the full completion thereof as
provided by the provisions of the original
charter and of the pending substitute, the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is to issue the pledge of
the Government for the payment of the inter-
est upon two hundred jshares of the stock of
the road per mile, to the extent that the road
shall be so constructed, and after its comple-
tion, and not before.
As the company proceed with the work, by
the construction of additional sections of the
road from year to year, the pledge of the inter-
est is only to be given under this limitation:
for the first year, not more than fifty miles;
for the second year, not more than one hun-
dred miles; for the third year, not more than
two hundred miles; for the fourth year, not
more than two hundred miles; and thereafter
not more than three hundred miles per year
till the whole road is completed. The Secre-
tary of the Treasury is to proceed to pledge,
subject to these limitations, the credit of the
Government, to guaranty the interest only upon
the stock of the road, under the further limita-
tions within the first division, which extends
from the eastern terminus to the one hundred
and first meridian of longitude, at the rate of
two hundred shares to the mile and no more.
This, sir, is not a pledge of the Government, as
has been asserted over and over again in the
hurry of debate, to pay the stock or any part
of the stock. It is to pay the interest, and only
the interest, semi-annually, from and after the
date of the pledge, and not ante-dating it at the
rate of six per cent, for so much of the road as
shall have been constructed, and only upon two
hundred shares of the stock per mile within the
first division. The original charter fixes the
amount of the shares at $100 each.
What, then, is the whole amount which the
Government of the United States is liable to
pay_ as interest semi-annually upon the first
division of this road, as the same may be
completed? It is but $1,200 per mile; that
and no more. I hope the House will not mis-
take me in what I say here—$1,200 is the in-
terest per mile on two hundred shares to the
mile of the eastern division at $10Q per share.
The interest per annum on the eastern divis-
ion is $1,200 per mile, and no more, over the
whole division. The gentleman [Mr. F arks-
worth] says that it makes $24,000 in twenty
years, but I ask him to remember his words
of yesterday, which did injustice to his own
intelligence, when he intimated that under this
bill we were to allow the company this mag-
nificent grant of lands on the north side of
this road, and construct the road, too. Who
ever before heard, in this country, of $1,200
building a railroad to the extent of a mile?
Why, it would not supply the ties, to say noth-
ing about grading the road, to say nothing
about constructing the bridges, to say noth-
ing about furnishing the iron, to say nothing
about the work necessary to lay it down in its
place, and to say nothing about the equipment
of the road, all of which is provided for in the
original act of incorporation, and by this bill,
is a condition-precedent to be performed by
the company before the United States gives
its pledge to pay $1,200 per mile per annum.
What ihave just said applies throughout the
whole extent of the eastern division, a distance
of about three hundred and eighty miles.
But, says the gentleman, that will be $24,000
per mile at the end of twenty years. So it might
be if the Government in all that time received
no returns either from the proceeds of the
completed road or the sale of the lands. But,
sir, upon the hypothesis that the company-
would build the road to the extent required
by the law, and we are not to issue this pledge
until the company does this—when we secure
twenty-five per cent, of the gross proceeds of
the road as is provided in this bill, and have
the absolute control of it, the road touching
your great inland sea, Lake Superior—I would
like to know whether one fourth of the gross
proceeds of the road would not pay the inter-
est at the rate of six per cent, upon one half
of the cost of its construction. I undertake to
say, sir, that under the limitations of this bill,
the Government does not assume to pay more
than the interest upon one half the cost of the
construction upon the eastern division of the
road. Twelve hundred dollars per mile is but
the interest on $20,000, and who believes that
less than $40,000 will build and equip the roaii
in the manner required by the original act?
But if twenty-five per 'cent, of the gross pro-
ceeds of the road would not be sufficient, what
remains? Some twelve thousand acres of land
to each mile on the south side of the road, in
addition to the twenty-five per cent, of the
gross proceeds of the completed road are re-
served to the Government to secure the Govern-
ment on its-pledge of $1,200 annually per mile.
The other gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washburne,] in arguing this question yester-
day, objected to some of the provisions of the
third section on the ground that the covenants
were not mutual between the corporation and
the Government; that the bill contained no
provision which would enable the Government
to enforce the security provided for its pro-
tection. On that point I ask the attention of
the House to the consideration of the fact that
by the substitute just read the third section has
been struck out. Hence that objection falls to
the ground, especially in view of the other
provision contained in the substitute, that if
the corporation shall fail to pay the interest for
a period of ninety days after the maturity of
the obligation it shall then be within the power
of the Treasurer of the United States to pro-
ceed to sell every acre of the twelve thousand
acres adjacent to each mile of the road so con-
structed and on the south side, and put the pro-
ceeds into the Treasury of the United States
for the purpose of reimbursing the Govern-
ment.
Upon a showing of this sort, I submit to gen-
tlemen that there is no room here to cavil on
this question of security, entire security, to the
Government for this pledge of interest—none
at all. _ I admit that there is a higher rate per
mile laid upon the Government in the mountain
district, which is the second or third division.
But when gentlemen look into this question,
they will find that, view it as they may, unless
history altogether fails to repeat itself in this
country in relation to railroads, it is utterly
impossible that the Government of the United
States can ever by possibility be a loser to the
extent of a single dollar, in the event of the
construction of the road, and without its con-
struction by the company the Government in-
curs no liability whatever. The provisions of
the bill pending simply sccure the construction
of the road by the company or the forfeiture
of all the privileges granted by the bill.'
In order that gentlemen may fully appreciate
all the provisions of the pending substitute
touching the other divisions of the road, I ask
their attention to the further provision of the
bill, thatuponthe second division of the road,
there shall be pledged by the Government the
interest upon two hundred and fifty shares per
mile for the distance of six hundred and twenty
