1276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marfeh 9,
tended, for a party purpose. Had the Sena-
tor any right to say that ? Has he any right to
attack the motives of a committee of this body
in introducing an amendment of the Constitu-
tion ? Has he any right to attack the motives
of those who support it? Must it necessarily
be attended with^ienefit to a particular party?
If so, it is necessarily attended with injury to
another party, of which the honorable Senator
is a prominent member; and it would as well
become me to say that his opposition to it is
for party purposes and for party objects as it
became him to say that its introduction and its
support were intended for party purposes. I
say it would as well become me to say it, be-
cause I have precisely the samp right to attack
the motives of his action that b ? .has to attack
mine for any action that I choose to_take. _ I
do not do it, and I omit to do it on this partic-
ular ground : it is well known here and out of
this Senate that the honorable Senator from
Indiana is a "entleman who never in any of
his addresses here says anything that is in the
slightest degree calculated to effect a party
purpose, and has so little of that party feeling
■which presses itself upon other men as to be
hardly suspected of being a party man at all.
[Laughter.]
The Senator objected to this measure upon
another ground, and that was, that in one sense
it was intended as a punishment, and that was
wrong; unci in another sense it was what he
called u bribe, a reward, and dial was wrong,
ff he considers it a punishment, he differs very
much from his leading associate on this ques-
tion, (lie honorable Sena I or from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Ki'mxkh, | for he does not, consider it a
punishment at all. The Senator from Massa-
chusetts says there is nothing punitive in it; on
the contrary, it is a reward to these States; it
is conferring power upon them; it is strength-
ening power in the hands of the whites of the
South, and only oppressing 1 he colored race.
Behold how doctors disagree! They operate
upon the same patient and an; operating at the
same time, ■nitli different remedies and in dif-
ferent, directions.
Suppose it is a punishment, and suppose it
is a bribe, a reward: it does not, differ very
much from the principle upon which all crim-
inal legislation is founded, to soy the least of it.
We punish men when they do wrong. 1 never |
heard that it was an objection to legislation that
it. punished those who perpetrate a wrong. 1
never heard that it. was an objection to legisla-
tion that it held out rewards to those who
d:d right- If we believe it, is wrong in the
Slates to deprive this race of the right of suf-
frage, they having become freemen, if they are
fit to exercise it, I do nol see that it is any great
breach of morality to provide that if they do it,
a political punishment shall follow, because it
is the exercise of political power, and if we
provide that, if political power is exercised iua
wrong direction, certain political consequences
shall follow, lessoning the power which is thus
exercised, I do not see that we depart from
the great principle which lies at thofoundation
of all our action upon such subjects. If we
hold out a rcnaid and say, piovided you do
this or do that, which we. believe to be bene-
ficial, which we believe to be right, you shall
reeeive such and such advantages from it. J sec
nothing injurious in it to the public morals, and
nothing contravening the groat principles of
legislation.
Hut the honorable Senator from Indiana had
another ground of objection to this measure
which struck me as very curious, and that was
that it was a blow at the agricultural interests
of the West for the benefit of the East. There
was nothing of a party aspect. 1 take it, or cal-
culated to affect, the prejudices of the western
people with a party view in all that. I never
could suspect the honorable Senator from In-
diana of thinking of such a thing. The argu-
ment is so obvious, it is so striking, it is so well
addressed to the sense of the men about him
on both sides of the Chamber, and to the think-
ing men of the country, instead of to their pre-
judices, that certainly it could not fail to strike
everybody with great force. [Laughter.]
The Senator said—and I marked his lan-
guage—New England has been largely bene-
fited by this war, which grew up, perhaps, more
from the action of New England than from
the action of any oilier part of the country; I
will not say purposely. Did he mean to inti-
mate that it might be said with any propriety
that this war had been patronized and sustained
by New England because of the advantages to
be gained by her? Did the honorable Senator
in using that expression mean to tell his con-
stituents of the West, "Look at New England ;
she sustained the war because she has been
making money out of it?" It is astonishing
to mo that the Senator should have allowed
himself for a moment to hint at the possibility
of such a thing. As I said before, knowing that
it could notbe for any party purpose or to affect
the minds of men with reference to anything of
that description, I am a little at a loss to know
why he allowed himself to make an imputation
of that, kind.
Hut he said this measure was intended as a
blow at the agriculture of the West. Why?
Because it is keeping out all the representa-
tives of the agricultural interests of the South,
and as long as they are kept out the commer-
cial and manufacturing interests of Now Eng-
land, and of the eastern and middle Slates gen-
erally, will have the advantage over theagricul-
lural interest. I hope 1 do not misrepresent the
honorable Senator's argument. It is very as-
tonishing to me that so many gentlemen on
this side of the: Chamber, representatives ofthe
West, do not see it. ft is astonishing to me
that the representatives from Iowa and Michi-
gan and Ohio and other States ofthe North-
west do not feel that, in sustaining an amend-
ment which has for its object, to allow suffrage
to a larger portion of the southern people, they
are particularly attempting to subject the agri-
cultural interests of the West to the commer-
cial and manufacturing interests of the North
and Northeast, and East. Sir, what is there in
this argument except a desire—for I will en-
deavor to say nothing that 1 ought not to say—
to impress upon the people of his own State,
and those who may listen to him, the idea that
when we are attempting to give power to a
large mass of people who are entitled to exor-
cise il, because they are men, instead of being
actuated by those high considerations which
should always actuate statesmen, particularly
on questions of this kind, we have only in view
the petty, miserable consideration of whether
the Mast or the middle Slates shall retain a lit -
tie more power, or whether they shall lose it?
Does not the Senator know that, if this amend-
ment should bo adopted the effect will he, not
to give power so much fo New England and
I ho middle Stales as to the Northwest? Butit
docs not immediately enable gentlemen of a
particular political stripe in that region to have
the support of the Southwest here, and thus,
perhaps, carry what they might wish to carry,
not so much with reference to the ordinary
legislation of the country on questions affect-
ing :ts good, as upon other things which here
mu-v not be mentioned.
1 was not impressed with the argument of
the honorable Senator from Indiana as really
affecting this question. Not one wordofit was
addressed to the question of right. Not one
word of it was addressed to the question of
whether men of one color "were entitled to the
same rights ami the same immunities, the same
privileges as men of another color. Indeed,
he expressed the opinion that the South never
would allow colored men to vote, in his judg-
ment; and I think he added they ought not to
allow them. Therefore I look upon him, in the
argument which he presented, as appealing
simply to prejudice, to considerations affecting
party, and leaving out of view any of those that
look to the future of this country as an entirely
free country, with all men (to use an expression
that has become very fashionable) having the
same rights before the law, and entitled, as they
become able to exercise them, to the same
privileges under the institutions which we claim
to be free and equal. I propose to say no more
in reference to the speech of the honorable.
Senator from Indiana.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senatorwill allow
me to interrupt him for a moment, he asked me
a very proper question: by what right did I
charge the advocacy of this measure to partisan
purposes? I had no right to do it unless the
measure in itself, in its character, andthe argu-
ments that, have been presented in authorita-
tive quarters justified it. I thought I was jus-
tified in saying it was urged upon Congress upon
partisan grounds, because the chairman of the
committee of fifteen in the House of Represent-
atives. in urging the passage of this measure in
that body, urged it upon partisan grounds; and
that I might not be misunderstood upon that
question, in the remarks that I submitted to the
Senate, I quoted his language, which with the
permission of the Senator I will repeat. That
distinguished member of the House of Repre-
sentatives used this language:
"According to my.judgment they ou<*ht never to be
recognised as capable of acting in the Union, or of
being counted as valid States, until tfie Constitution
shall liave been so amended as to make it what its
from era intended, and so as to secure perpetual
ascendency to the party of the Union."
Then 1 undertook to show that this was the
party language of the times by which one class
of gentlemen undertook to describe their own
political party. But I was not willing to leave
it there, and quoted the following from the
speech of that distinguished gentleman:
"If they should grant tho right of suffrage to per-
sons of color, X think there would always bo Union
white men enough in the South, aided by the blacks,
to divide the representation, and thus continue the
Republican ascendency."
Using there the distinct party language and
in respect to this very question, and using this
argument of party ascendency as a considera-
tion that ought to govern the House in sup-
porting this particular measure.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember very well
that the honorable Senator from Indiana
quoted those remarks ; but I conceive that his
gloss was entirely unjustifiable. The word3
were used in no party sense. "Tho party of
the Union" is very well understood. Does
not the Senator belong to it?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think I do; but I do
not belong to the political party that calls itself
"the Onion party" and is opposing the ad-
mission or restoration of these States into the
Union.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable mem-
ber of the House called it "the party of the
Union." The Senator says that he belongs
to that parly. I might have had some doubt
about it some time ago, but since he says he
does, we are willing to accept him on that
platform. When that member of the House
spoke of the Republican party, ho meant (be-
cause the old Republican party is now extinct)
the party which is sustaining the existence of
tho Republic. Why does everything in the
Senator's mind run directly into party, let it
be said by whom it may ? We are not all like
liim. Some of the rest of us can think of
things here without connecting them with par-
ties.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am very glad to heat-
that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was somewhat struck,
too, by the argument of the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Bcckalew.] That
honorable Senator has exhibited since he has
been a member of the Senate, for a man of his
ability, a remarkable reticence. He said noth-
ing during all the last Congress. He says he
supported the measures for the prosecution of
the war. I believe he did support the appro-
priation bills ; but I hardly think that the other
measures for the prosecution of the war had
his vote. The appropriation bills were not all
the measures that were judged necessary. He
say's he deemed itproper to wait until the minds
of men had become calm before he gave his
views to the Senate on these important topics,
