1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
41-57
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that that bill be
laid aside.
The question was put; and there were—ayes
28, noes 34; no quorum voting.
Mr. RADFORD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered : and Messrs. Morrill,
a,nd Wilson of Iowa, were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 40. _
No quorum voting, the Chairman, under the
rule, ordered a call of the committee.
The roll was accordingly called, and the
following members failed to respond to their
names:
Messrs Amos, Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, James
M. Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Blame, Blow, Lout-
well Branclegee, Bandy, OIhhiUt, Header W. UarUc,
Cobb, Cook, Culver, Hailing, Davis, Dawson, Dem-
ins, Denison, Dodge, Donnelly, Dris-,^, Duuiont,
Eckley, Eprgleston, Ulossbreimcr, Goodyear, Under,
(jrii.iiii 1, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hayes, Hender-
son, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Domas Hubbard,
John n. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbcll, Humphrey,
Jones, Kelso, Georgo Y. Lawrence, Lousycar, Mai-
shall, Marvin, MoCullougU, McIiidoo.MeKee, Moul-
ton, Newell, Noell, Phelps, Pike. Plants, Pomcroy,
Samuel J. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II. Rice,
Rogers, Sohenekj Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, bpalaing,
Starr, Stilwcll, Taber, Thayer, Francis 'f iomas,
Thornton, Upson, Van Acrnam, Warner, Mihu ii.
Washburne, Henry d. Washburn, and William 13.
Washburn.
The committee rose, and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Rollins reported
that the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, having found itself without a
quorum, he had directed the roll of members
to be called, and now reported the names of
the absentees to the House.
The SPEAKER. More than a quorum hav-
ing answered to their names, the chairman of
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union will again resume the chair.
The Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union (Mr. Rollins in the chair) ac-
cordingly resumed the consideration of Senate
bill No. 251, providing for the survey of the
boundary between the Territory of Idaho and
the State of Oregon.
The pending question was upon the motion
of -Mr. Garfikli), that the bill be laid aside.
Mr. Monunx, and Mr. Wilson of Iowa, had
been appointed tellers, and they resumed their
places.
The committee again divided; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 51, noes 45.
So the motion to lay the bill aside was
agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. The number of the bill
which the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Gaii-
Fim.o] desires to have considered is Senate
bill No. 300, and there are a dozen bills before
it. Now, at this rate we may occupy the entire
day in getting at that bill. T therefore move that
the committee rise for the purpose of allowing
mo to submit a motion to postpone all prior
orders in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union, so that we may at once take up
that bill.
The question was taken, and the motion was
not agreed to.
sanitary measures tfor washington.
The next business on the Calendar was a
House joint resolution (No. 121) reported from
the Committee for llie District of Columbia, to
place funds in the hands of the Commissioner
of Public Buildings for sanitary purposes.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that this joint
resolution bo laid aside.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not; I think it
should be passed.
Mr. GARFfELD. I withdraw my motion.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
that the sum of 825,000 be appropriated, pay-
able out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated, and placed at the con-
trol of the Commissioner of Public Buildings,
to be expended by him, or so much thereof as
may be necessary, to do such work as may be
required to put in a proper sanitary condition
the avenues and public reservations under his
control, so as to prevent, if possible, the ap-
pearance of the cholera or other epidemic m
the city of Washington.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that this joint
resolution be laid aside, to be reported to the
House with a recommendation that it do'pass.
Mr. FARNSWORTH called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ixger-
soll and Radford were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 42, noes 52.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move to strike out
the enacting clause of the joint resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
The next business upon the Calendar was a
bill introduced by Mr. Steve.vs, (H. R. No.
623,) to enable the States lately in rebellion to
rearain their privileges in the Union.
Ilr. STEVENS. I ask that the committee
procecd with the consideration of that bilh It.
will probably not bike over an hour, and it is
a very important bill, and I am not willing
that Congress shall adjourn without voting
upon it. I have •some amendments which I
desire to offer, and then I propose to move that
the bill and amendments be reported to the
House and printed, and postponed until to-
morrow. I trust that the committee will agree
to that.
Mr. LE BLOND. I call for the reading of
the original bill and the amendments.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing to have it
read ; but I do insist that a vote shall be taken
upon it. .
Mr. BTNGHAM. I rise to a question of
order. My colleague [Mr. Garfield] rose in
his place before the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania offered his amendment and moved to
lay the bill aside.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania was recognized.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a question of
order. I desire to ask whether it is not in
order, before the bill is read, to move to lay it
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in order.
Mr. STEVENS. I have not surrendered the
floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair supposed that
the gentleman had yielded the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Not at all. I do not mean
to yield it. I want to have a vote upon this
question.
Mr. ALLTSON. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield for the purpose of allow-
ing the bill and amendments to be reported.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield for that pur-
pose, with the understanding that I still retain
my right to the floor.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill, as fol-
lows :
Whereas the cloven States which lately formed the
government called the confederate btatesot Amer-
ica," have forfeited all their rights under the Consti-
tution, and can be reinstated in the same only through
the action of Congress: Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate ami House of Representa-
tive! of the Uiutul State* nfAmerieam Cnngrem ,isee?,i-
hled. That, the eleven States lately;in rebellion may
form valid State governments 111 the tollowmg man-
n<SE0. 2. And hf. it further ewtctcd, That the State
government now existing de facto, though illegally
formed in the midst of martial law, and m many in-
stances the constitutions wero adopted under duress,
and not submitted to the ratification of the people,
and therefore are not to be treated as free republics,
yet they-are hereby acknowledged as valid govern-
raents for municipal purposes until the same shall be
duly altered, and their legislative and executive oiii-
cers shall be recognized as such.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enaotcd, That wheneverthe
Legislatures of said States shall enact that conven-
tions shall be called to form legitimate State govern-
ments by the formation and adoption 01 btate con
stitutions, the Governor, or chief executive otliccr,
shall direct an election to bo held on a day certain to
choose delegates to a convention, who shall meet at
the time fixed by the Legislature and form a btat.o
constitution, which shall be submitted to a vote 01
the people, and if ratified by a majority of thelegal
voters shall be declared the constitution ot the btate.
Sec. L And he it farther enacted, That the persons
who shall be entitled to vote at both of said elections
shall be as follows: fill male citizens above the ago
of twenty-one years who have resided one year m
said State, or ten days within the electron district.
Sec. 5. And be it further cnacted, That the word cit-
ixen, as used in this act, shall be construed to mean
all persons (except Indians not taxed) born m the
United States or duly naturalized. Any male citizen
above the age of twenty-one years shall be compe-
tent to be elected to act as a delegate to said conven-
tion.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all por^ns
who held office, either civil or military, under ih$
government called the " confederate States of Amer-
ica," or who swore allegiance to to said government,
are hereby declared to have forfeited their citiswm-
ship and to have renounced allegiance to the United
States, and shall not be entitled to exercise -tho
elective franchise until five years after they shall
have filed their intention or desire to bo reinvested
with tho right of citizenship, and shall swear alle-
giance to the United States and renounce allegiaaeo
to all othor Governments or pretended governments,
the said application to be filed ando.ath taken in the
same courts that by law are authorized to naturalize
foreigners. , ^
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted. That no consti-
tution shall be presented to or acted on by Congress
which denies to any citizen any rights, privileges,
or immunities which are granted to any other citizen
in the State. All laws shall be impartial without
regard to language, race, or former condition. If
the provisions of this section should ever be altered,
repealed, oxpunged, or in any way abrogated, this
act shall become void and said State lose its right
to bo represented in Congress.
Src.8. And be it further enacted, That whenever the
foregoing conditions shall be complied with, the citi-
zens of said State may present said constitution to
Congress, and if the same shall be approved by Con-
gress said State shall bo declared entitled to the
rights, privileges, and immunities, and be subject to
all the obligations and liabilities of a State within
the Union. No Senator or Representative shall be
admitted into eithor House of Congress until Con-
gress shall have declared the State entitled thereto.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the committee rose; and the House,
agreeably to order, took a recess till half past
seven o'clock, p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock, p. m.  
pay or a COMMITTEE CLEItK.
Mr. BROOMALL, by unanimous consent,
reported back from the Committee of Accounts
the following resolution; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Jtesnhed, That the compensation of the clcrk to
tho Committee of Clafms be fixed at the same rate as
that of tho clcrk to tho Committee on Appropriations,
to eommonec from tho first day of the present session
of Congress.
Mr. BROOMALL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was* agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
' The latter motion was agreed to.
KELIEI? 01' DKAFfED MEJNT.
Mr. ANCONA. I ask unanimous^ consent
to report from the Committee on Military Af-
fairs, for action at the present time, a bill for
the relief of certain drafted men.
Mr. ALLEY. I must object. I think we
should not attempt to pass any bill of this
kind while there are so few members present.
Mr. ANCONA. Then I call for the regular
order.
The House agreeably to order, proceeded
to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
alabama and florida railkoad.
The first business on the Speaker's table was
the joint resolution (S. R. No. 134) extending
time to the Alabama and Florida Railroad
Company for thepaymentof duties on railroad
iron ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that this
bill be referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means. , , .„
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope that the bill will
lot be referred. It ought to be passed.
On the motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
there were—ayes 16, noes 11; no quorum vot-
ln 4Ir. WILSON, of Iowa, moved that there
be a call of the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, withdrew the motion that there be a call
of the House, and moved that the joint reso-
lution be postponed for half an hour.
The motion was agreed to.
