1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1271
and lie would not have even done it on this oc-
casion had it not been for the fact that no other
gentleman who had spoken had presented the
views which struck his mind as being particu-
larly important* It is a little singular with re-
gard to those views that eight out of the six-
teen pages of his speech were devoted to abuse
of New England and to showing that New Eng-
land had too much power in the Senate and out
of the Senate and that it ought to be abridged
in some way. I do not see that there was any
very great originality in that, fori believe most
of the views the Senator presented on that sub-
ject have been from tune to time presented by
others in the same way, and perhaps, I might
say, with as little effect. He closed those re-
marks by saying (for which I was very much
obliged to him | that he did not despise New
England. Wo are happy to know it. I will
say to liim that New England does not despise
him that 1 am aware of. [Laughter.] 1 am
not, avvaie that it is really affected in any degree
by the elaborate attack of eight pages which
he delivered against New England on that oc-
casion, and which he thought were views so
important that he could not bo justified if he
failed to give them utterance.
Let us look a little at the ideas which he
presents, by way of argument, on this meas-
ure. In the first place, he said that New Eng-
land had twelve Senators, and if you took the
population of New England and divided it, by
twelve it would give one Senator to about two
hundred and fifty thousand of population;
whereas if you took the eenlral States, the
great States of New York, Pennsylvania, New
.Jersey, &e., and coupling them with the West,
and taking eighteen or twenty of them—I
think eighteen—it would require a much larger
ratio. Was that a fair way of making the di-
vision? Why select New England? Why not,
if you are making a division, couple the east-
ern States, as the Senator called them, and the
middle States together? Their connection is
much more natural and much more intimate in
business relations and everything eke. Why
not add to them the State of New York and
the State of Pennsylvania, and offset those
against the great western Slates'? You would
tirul in that ea>p. if you made that division,
the ratio would bo very much larger. It looked
to me very much a.; if a strong attempt v,':s -
made to show up New England by itself, and
to disconnect it with any other section of the
country. Take the last six States, including
one or two of the smaller States, in the 1 i ■ I
that he gives in his speech, and you will find
that the ratio for Senators is very much smaller
than it would be even in the six New England
States coupling them together. Why not offset
them against, those States? It looked to me
very much like a labored attempt, if possible,
to throw some stigma upon New England, as
if she was holding and trying to retain that
which did not properly belong to her. I have
never indulged in remarks of that kind since
I have been in the Senate. It is a matter of
taste, upon which each gentleman must judge
tor himself.
The Senator even went so far as to repeat,
the old story about the chairmanship of com-
mittees, and he pointed to the fact that the
great. State of Peunsv 1 vania was only permitted
to bear up in the hands of his stalwart col-
league the banner of the Committee on Patents.
If I were disposed to be ill-natured, and say
things I did not think, I would say that other
considerations might influence the question of
chairmanships, and that it would have some
relation to men. and if Pennsylvania wanted
chairmanships, she must send men here strong-
enough to bear them up ; bat 1 do not think
any such thing, and therefore I will not say it.
especially with regard to my honorable ftieiid,
[Mr. Cow \x,] who is strong enough to bear up
anything.
Now. sir, this pointing to things which are
mere matters of course in this Senate as de-
veloping power and as exhibiting an inclination
to hold and keep power, and to increase it,
strikes me, to say the very least of it, as very
much out of place. I do not intend to dwell
long upon this subject; but perhaps the most
remarkable thing of all is the closing part of
the speech of the Senator from Pennsylvania.
He said that at one period, when we had only
forty-nine Senators, by a rule of the Senate
twenty-live made a quorum, and that the twelve
Senators from New England, with one more,
would constitute a majority of a quorum, and
that if two or three more Senators were added
to the body fourteen would be a majority of a
quorum, and he depicted the awful conse-
quences that might result. Only suppose that
on some occasion the twelve Senators from
New England should get somebody else to vote
with them, and there are only twenty-five pres-
ent—think of it—there would be a bill passed
by the vote of New England, with one more !
And even if we had two or three more mem-
bers, and it required fourteen to make a majority
of a quorum on some occasion, the twelve
from New England may be present, and if
they can get two more they will pass a bill, if
everybody el«e happens to be absent except
just enough to make a quorum ! This is com-
plimentary to New England. It supposes that
her Senators arc always in their seats, always
have the same views—that is not very evident
just now, I think—always ready to go together,
always aiming at the same thing, and that other
Senators are scattered about and do not at-
tend to their business, but let everything go by
default.
Let me say to the honorable Senator that
there is no part of this country, no State in
this country that has made such large drafts
upon New England as the State of Pennsylva-
nia. Her interests are not, to he sure, in all
respects identical with those of New England,
but, they run in the same direction. If New
England is protective in its policy, Pennsyl-
vania is much more so, and always has been.
\\ here has she looked always for support except
to New England in matters most interesting to
licr? And if it should happen that on some
great question connected with the interest of
Pennsylvania, the duties upon iron or some-
thing of that sort, she should get the twelve
votes of New England, and if, with the aid of
the honorable Senator's vole added to them, a
bill should be carried, T think lie would not
consider ii a very great calamity.
This attack upon New England and upon
New England policy and upon New England
men comes wilh the most exceeding ill grace
from Pennsylvania of all States in the world,
and that State is the very last which, if the
power we have, more or less, is extended here-
after as it has been heretofore, should seek to
diminish it, for she has required it all, called for
it all, had it till, enjoyed it all, and this is the
sort of payment, I suppose, that we uic to ex-
pect from her.
The Secretary of Slate has a favorite story
that he fells on all occasions when he gets an
opportunity, in the Senate, in public meeting0,
and at otliei places, which I think is exceed-
ingly applicable to this supposition of the hon-
orable Senator from Pennsylvania in regard to
what the twelve Senatois from New England
might do. It is the old story of the brass door-
plate with the name of Thompson upon it that
Mrs. Toodles bought at, .auction. Her hus-
band asked her—she had no children—" What
did you buy that door-plate for with the name
of Thompson upon it?" Why, my dear," she
j replied, " suppose we should have a daughter,
' and suppose she should grow up, and suppose
1 she should marry a mauby the name of Thomp-
son, how very convenient this door-plate would
be." [Laughter.] I think my honorable friend
from Pennsylvania must be m some way related
to the Toodles family.
I propose to go no farther with reference to
these argument-, if they may be called argu-
ments. They arc an appeal to prejudice ; lliey
are an attempt to get up on this great question
a feeling which ought, not, to exist; and what-
ever influence they may have in the country,
(and the honorable Senators know vastly better
than I do what port of arguments their constit-
uents most relish and are most likely to "in-
fluence their judgments,) I take it they will
have very little effect here.
Mr. President, I may say—it is well that I
should say it—that I have no expectation tha,t
this proposed amendment of the Constitution
will be adopted. 1 know, to use a common
expression, that noses have been counted. I
know that enough has been found to prevent
the necessary majority of two thirds, if we may
trust to what gentlemen have said outside and
what they have made a matter of boast. It may
be so; I think it likely it is so; but still I know
very well that a very decided majority of this
Senate is in favor of the amendment; and while
I stand with nearly all those friends with which
1 have been so proud to act in relation to the
matter, I do not feel disposed to abandon the
support, of it, but to leave it to take its fate,
according to the judgments of men.
I said in the beginning that the committee
were influenced by the desire to do something,
to do something practical, to do something
which in the result would bo attended with
good. I know that that desire was a sincere
one. T know that they canvassed carefully all
the propositions before them, and they came to
the conclusion that an amendment of this kind
if it could bo adopted would be beneficial, and
that its chance of adoption was much better
than that of any other that had been presented
to them. It was introduced into the House of
Representatives, and as I stated on a former
occasion, after a large discussion, was adopted
by a vote of more than two thirds of that House,
a body which, it has been said, is composed of
men not inferior to any House of Representa-
tives that has ever been tftown before in this
place. It came to the Senate, and it has here
in the Senate a largo and a decided majority
of friends. Under these circumstances 1 can-
not abandon it,, and I cannot permit certain
arguments used with reference to it, which I
believe to be unfounded in fact and in law, to
go out, unanswered before the people; and I
can still less permit what T cannot, but regard
as most gross imputations not only upon the
committee who recommend it,, but upon all
who support it, to pass without some words of
comment.
The honorable Senator from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Svmxkr,] in the commencement of his
speech, undertook to tell us that there were
two kinds of parliamentary debate : one was a
reply to a previous speaker with personality of
criticism or manner; the other was a discussion
of principle, to which he said he should confine
himself. I am unable to perceive that there
is any impropriety in answering a previous
speaker in parliamentary debate. I have been
laboring underthe delusion all my life that the
proper kind of parliamentary debate was to
meet things as they came ; if you had a propo-
sition to defend, defend it; if you differed with
the previous speaker in his \iews. answer him
on the spot, have a discussion, sift the matter
from beginning to end, and see where the truth
lies. What is to be understood by ''personality
of criticism'' I do not exactly know, if you
criticise the matter or the remedy, I do not
perceive but that yon arc following a very legit
imate and proper course. If you criticise the
individual in relation to other matters, that is
another thing. I do not know that anybody
here is ever guilty of it. What is understood
by personality of manner, I am very much at
a loss to conceive. We have a different manner.
It is very fortunate that we are not all exactly
i the same, or we should be a very dull assenv
! bly. Variety is said to be charming, and I do
i not know but it is charming in oratory, if there
is any oratory among us, as in anything else. 1
should hate to be judged by my maimer because
' it has not all the suavity and elegance of that
; of some other gentlemen. I do the best I can,
audit'Idonotequalin manner the Senator from
Massachusetts, or any other Senator, it is my
misfortune, and I ought not t,o be charged on
account of any deficiency of that sort.
I say, then, that while I entertain my present
opinions T shall regard it as true that I have a
