1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tim
lication of maps, charts, navigators, and sail-
ing directions and instructions for the use of
seamen, and to be sold at the rates before set
forth, and that the sum of $15,000 be appro-
priated out of any moneys in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated for these objects.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 raise the point of order
that this is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. It is a public bill, and cannot
ie considered at this time.
■COMMANDER CHARLES HUNTER.
Mr. GRISWOLD, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported back Senate bill No.
307, authorizing the restoration of Commander
Charles Hunter.
The bill authorizes the President of the
United States to restore Charles Hunter, late
a commander in the Navy, to the position
which ho held on the retired list of the Navy
when dismissed therefrom.
Mr. GARFIELD. I notice, from the read-
ing of the Clerk, that the word "States" has
been omitted.
Mr. GllISWOLD. I move to insert the
word "States" alter the word "United."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. Let the report be read.
Mr. GRISWOLD. There is no report.
Mr. UPSON. For what was Commander
Hunter dismissed ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. Ho was dismissed on
the complaint of the Spanish Government for
violating its teiritorial jurisdiction by chasing
ashore on the island of Cuba the insurgent
steamer General Rusk alias Blanche.
The bill was ordered to a third reading; and
it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
ELIS1IA W. DUNN.
Mr. GRISWOLD, from the same commit-
tee, reported back Senate bill No. 202, for the
relief of Elisha W. Dunn, a paymaster in the
United Slates Navy.
The bill directs the proper accounting offi-
cers of the United States Treasury, in the set-
tlement of the accounts of Elisha W. Dunn, a
paymaster in the United States Navy, to receive
and allow, where the proper vouchers cannot
be obtained, statements verified by his oath,
or such other satisfactory evidence as he may
present, of all the expenditures made by him
for the Government, or losses sustained by
him in consequence of the destruction by fire
of the money, papers, and property of the Uni-
ted States in charge of the said Elisha W.
Dunn on board of the United States naval
wharf-boat at Mound City, Illinois, at the burn-
ing of that vessel on the 1st of June, 1864.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CELESTIA P. HART.
Mr. GRISWOLD, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Celcstia P. Hart;
which was read a tirst and second time.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury bedirected to pay to Celestia P. Hart,
widow of the late Naval Constructer Samuel
T. Hart, the sum of §3,000 out of any money
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated,
the same to be in full and complete compensa-
tion and satisfaction for the use of a gun-ele-
vating screw invented by the said Samuel T.
Hart and used in gun-carriages of the United
States Navy.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time, and being engrossed, il was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. GRISWOLD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CAPTAIN JOHN J. YOUNG.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of
Captain John J. Young, United States Navy ;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay to Captain John J. Young the pay
of captain on the retired list of the Navy from
August 12,18G4, to 10th March, 1865, deducting
therefrom all moneys which have been already
paid him between the above dates.
The b.ill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
LIEUTENANT JOSHUA D. TODD, DECEASED.
Mr. ELDRIDGE, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 57, for the relief
of the heirs of Lieutenant Joshua D. Todd, late
of the United States Navy, deceased, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that the proper account-
ing officers of the Treasury be, and they are
hereby, directed to pay to .lames Todd, admin-
istrator of Joshua D. Todd, late of the United
States Navy, deceased, the pay of a master in
the Navy of the United States, from the 17th
of June, 1844, to the 10th of August, 1840,
after deducting therefrom the amount already
received by said Joshua D. Todd, deceased, as
passed midshipman during said period, and the
said sum shall be paid out of any money in the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The bill was ordered to be read a third lime;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
JOHN K. HICKEY.
Mr. DARLING, from the Committee on
Naval Affairs, reported adversely upon House
bill No. 507, for the relief of John K. Hickey,
acting assistant engineer United States Navy;
and the same was laid upon the table.
J. JUDSON BARCLAY.
Mr. BANKS, from the Committee on Foreign
Affairs, reported a bill for the relief of J. Jud-
son Barclay; which was read a first and second
time.
• The bill was read. It authorizes the pay-
ment to J. Judson Barclay, consul at Cyprus,
of the sum of $3,000, the amount paid by him
for expenses of his consulate.
Mr. BANKS. • I call for the reading of the
report.
The report was read. It states that Mr.
Barclay paid out of his own funds $500 a year
for six years past for guard hire and other ser-
vices indispensable to his office, which expenses,
in other consulates in the East, are borne by
the Government.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM A. WEST.
Mr. BT3AMAN, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back House joint resolu-
tion authorizing the Secretary of the Interior
to settle the accounts of William A. West as
marshal of the Territory of Nebraska, with a
substitute.
The substitute was read. It authorizes the
proper accounting officers of the Treasury to
reexamine and adjust the accounts of William
A. West as marshal of the United States for
the Territory of Nebraska, and allow him such
sum as he may adjudge justly due for necessary
expenditures made by him for rent of court-
room, furniture, stationery, and fuel, at a fair
and reasonable value, heretofore properly re-
jected by the accounting officer under existing
laws because not sanctioned by said Secretary
before the expenditure was made; provided
that nothing in this joint resolution shall be
construed as repealing or modifying the pro-
visions of existing laws touching the duty and
liability of marshals, and that the accounting
officers shall adjust tKe accounts in all other
respects by the same rules as like accounts of
other marshals are adjusted.
The substitute was agreed to; and the joint
resolution, as amended, was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time: and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. BE AM AN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNITED STATES COURTS IN MONTANA.
Mr. STROUSE, from the Committee on
Territories, reported back House bill No. 203,
to regulate the fees of officers of the United
States courts in the Territory of Montana, with
a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It provides that the fees
and emoluments of United States district
courts in the Territory of Montana shall here-
after be the same as are now allowed to such
officers in the States of Oregon and Nevada.
Mr. SPALDING. 1 raise the point of order
that this is not a private bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. It is a public bill, covering
the whole Territory of Montana.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER called the Committee on
Invalid Pensions for rcpoits.
Mr. PER11A.M. How much is there left of
the morning hour?
The SPEAKER. Throe minutes.
Mr. PERUAM. I ask unanimous consent
that the Committee on Invalid Pensions be
entitled to the next two morning hours.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection ? The
Chair hears none; and the committee will be
entitled to the next two morning hours.
MARY A. M'MANUS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting a
pension to Mrs. Mary A. McManus, widow of
Captain Andrew McManus, late captain of the
sixty-ninth Pennsylvania volunteer infantry.
The bill was read. It allows a pension at
the rate of twenty dollars a month.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider do lie on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SAMUEL "DOMINICA.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported adversely on House bill No. 534, for
the relief of Samuel Dominica; which was laid
on the table.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The morning hour having expired,
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following concurrent resolu-
tion relative to the constitutional amendment:
Resolved bv the House of Representatives, (the Senate
concurring,) That the President of the United States
be requested to tiun&mit forthwith tu the Executives
of theseveral States of the United States copies of the
artieletof amendment proposed by Congress to tlieSrate
Legislatures to amend the Constitution of the United
ytaten, passed June 13, 1S66, respecting citizenship,
the basis of representation, disqualification lor office,
the validity of the public debt of the United Scates,
&C., to the end that the said States may pioceed to act
upon the paid article of amendment, and that ho re-
quest the Executives of the States that may receive
the said amendment to transmit to the Secretary of
State ceitiiied copies of such ratification.
Mr. LE BLOND. Does that resolution come
in by unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
asked unanimous consent to introduce it.
Mr. LE BLOND. And unanimous consent
has not been given. I will state to the gentle-
man that the resolution is wrong on its face.
It requires the Executive to immediately send
