1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2237
miles, when completed by the company, and
which, being carefully computed, amounts to
$1,500 annually per mile. Let gentlemen con-
sider that, before tlie second division of this
road is reached at all, before one dollar is
Sledged by the Government of the United
tates toward the payment of interest upon one
rod of the road to be constructed within the
second division, yon will already have in run-
ning order a road of three hundred and eighty
miles running from the shores of Lake Supe-
rior westward.
Is any gentleman going to tell me such a
road as that, in full operation and thoroughly
equipped by this company, with twelve thou-
sand acres of land to every mile of it, to be
sold in the event of delay to pay the interest
of this debt; that the Government of the United
States, with the proceeds of these twelve thou-
sand acres of land to each mile of the road
and twenty-five per cent, of the gross proceeds
of the road, cannot pay interest upon one half
the cost of its construction or $1,200 per an-
num upon each mile of the completed x-oad?
If that could be so, a railroad would never be
built upon this continent. Never, sir.
Mr. SPALDING-. I do not think my col-
league is readily embarrassed by interruption.
Mr. BINGHAM. Not at all; but my time
is limited. I will, however, yield to my col-
league for a moment.
Mr. SPALDING. I will barely ask, inas-
much as the gentleman says that the substitute
materially alters the features of the bill, whether
he expects the House to vote on that substitute
without havingan opportunity to read it in print.
I am tpld that our objections are remedied by
tlie substitute. If so, we would be happy to
vote for it. I want my friend, before he sits
down, to let us hear from liitn in regard to the
fact of attaching this whole liability to the
Government upon the credit of the nation.
Mr. BINGHAM. If my colleague had ob-
served and weighed the words I uttered, he
would have noticed I admitted the general scope
and-purpose of the bill, by reason of the gen-
erality of its language as originally reported,
were liable to the misconstruction put upon
it by gentlemen who have already spoken.
The language of the substitute is so plain that
it requires no lawyer to understand it. There
is not a man between these oceans who can
read the English language who will fail to know
thatthe Governmentof the United States, under
the substitute, can never issue one dollar of
pledge for the payment of interest except at
the rates provided, mile for mile, as the road
is constructed, and not till it is completed within
the limitations named.
I now come back to the further provisions
of the bill of which I was speaking when inter-
rupted by my colleague.
In the third division of the road the Govern-
ment is to pledge the interest upon five hun-
dred shares to the mile for five hundred and
twenty miles. The third is the mountain divis-
ion, on which the pledge amounts to $3,000 per
annum per mile. What I have already said will
justify me in saying that when the road reaches
this mountain region, where are gold and silver
and copper andiron beyond computation, the one
fourth the gross proceeds of the road will pay,
not simply interest at six per cent, ou one half
of the cost of its construction, but twenty per
cent, ou one half of the cost of its construction.
In the fourth division the limitation of the
bill is the interest upon three hundred shares
to the mile for too hundred and eighty miles,
or $1,800 annually per mile. This is the sub-
stance of the bill as amended.
Now, touching its effect on the credit of the
Government of the United States. By the
adoption of this substitute you secure, in my
judgment, the construction of this road. How?
You lend the credit of a great people to an or-
ganized company, by which they are able to call
upon the capitalists of the whole civilized world
and say to them, no matter what may be the
stress upon the credit of the United States, the
Congress does not hesitate to pledge the credit
of the Government to secure the payment semi-
annually of interest upon the track of this great
road.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's twenty
minutes have expired.
Mr. BINGHAM. Only a word further. I
repeat, the passage of this bill secures the con-
struction of the road by saying to European
capitalists, this great nation, oppressed as it is
with a public debt of $3,000,000,000, considers
this stock and company a perfect security
against any embarrassment to its Treasury, a
perfect security that not another cent of burden
will be laid upon this people by reason of the
loan of the nation's credit.
That is the position I assume here to-day.
I wish to place it on record, that in my judg-
ment the provisions of this bill, if passed, will
never lay one cent of burden upon any citizen
of the Republic. It cannot in the nature of
things, unless a railroad like that pointing to
the gold regions and commencing upon the
shore of Lake Superior shall, by one fourth of
its gross proceeds and the proceeds of twelve
thousand acres of land to every mile of it, fail
to pay the interest upon one half the cost of
its construction and equipment.
I beg leave to say further that this measure,
if adopted, instead of increasing the burdens
of the people, will diminish them.
The adoption of this measure secures the
construction of this road at a very early day to
such an extent as, I believe, from the best in-
formation I have, will unite the head of navi-
gation on the Missouri river with the head of
navigation on the Columbia river, so that within
the period of two years after the adoption of
this bill we shall have through communication
by rail and water from the Pacific to the At-
lantic ocean. The survey reveals the fact that
the distance between the navigable waters of
the Missouri and Columbia is not more than
five hundred miles; a remarkable revelation,
indicating that God, in His providence, has
so ordered it that this grand country, looking
out upon Asia from the western slope of the
Rocky mountains, andlooking out upon Europe
from the eastern slope, is to be one country,
now and forever, one and inseparable.
I think it is the duty of statesmen to pass
this bill if the effect of the measure will be
to draw to the construction of this road the
capitalists of the world, who are looking with
eager eyes to our gold regions, and thus re-
duce fhe burdens of the people by the increase
of the nation's wealth and the development
of our great resources. It is certainly the first
duty of statesmen, to whom the people have
committed the trust of legislating for the gen-
eral welfare, so to shape their legislation as to
develop all the resources of this country, and
thereby make this youngest-born of the nations
the producer and the carrier for the civilized
world; to enable it, in short, to lay its hand
on the uncounted treasures of your vast west-
ern domain and the immense commerce of the
great East, and make itself the carrier of the
trade of all Europe, with China and the Indies,
by the shortest possible route upon this planet.
I now yield twenty minutes of the remainder
of my time to the gentleman from New Jersey,
[Mr. Rogers.]
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I have list-
ened with considerable attention to the discus-
sions which have grown out of this bill for the
last two or three days, and especially to the
position which has been taken by those who
are opposed to it. In fact, from the wholesale
charges which were made against the integrity
of those who are here endeavoring to get this
bill passed, before I had given the bill reflec-
tion and looked at the consequences thatwould
result to the nation from our action in passing
it, I was almost led to believe that some of the
charges that have been made by those who
appeared to be such sticklers at this time for
the Treasury were true. But, sir, I find that
the grand idea that appears to have been sought
to be impressed upon members of this House
and upon the country has been that this is a
gigantic scheme or swindle for the purpose of
robbing the Treasury of the United States and
the people of the country. And, sir, I must say
here in advance, as regards some of the per-
sons whose names appear as directors of this
corporation, that the charges which have been
made against them as being public plunderers
of the Treasury and men unworthy of the con-
fidence of good citizens, are such as ought to
be repelled by those who know the personal
character, standing, and reputation of those
men.
I find among those directors the names of
E. D. Rice ana of Hon. D. M. Swift, a former
member of Congress, who, according to the
theory of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Del-
ano,] belong to the swarm of men who have
come hero for the purpose of depleting and
robbing the Treasury of the United States for
the purpose of putting the spoils into their own
pockets.
Sir, it must be a weak case, indeed, that will
not be met by argument on the part of those
who are opposed to it; and because these men
have been unable to discuss the real merits of
this question at all, I have taken the trouble to
investigate it and see whether these charges of
wholesale fraud and corruption are true.
It is said by gentlemen who oppose this bill
that this hill has been attempted to bo put
through under the previous question. This
objection was raised by the honorable gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] who is
himself always most ready to take advantage
of the previous question whenever it answers
his purpose. And yet he comes here and under-
takes to brow-beat members who take the part
of these honorable people, by howling against
the attempt to make use of the previous ques-
tion. I ask the gentleman to remember when
my own State was interested in the passage of
a bill, when one of her railroad corporations
that had plighted to it the faith of the State of
New Jersey, was attempted to be shielded by
this Congress, then the gentleman was willing
to shut my mouth and refused to allow me one
minute to be heard in the defense of my own
State, although millions of dollars were involved
in the interest of that corporation, and hundreds
of thousands of dollars of taxes in the interest
of the people of my State.
I say, sir, that it is with a very poor grace
that gentlemen of that character, men who
have taken the position that that gentleman
has taken in regard to the demand for the pre-
vious question upon measures heretofore pend-
ing of a like character to this, come before the
House now and tell the country that this is
a gigantic scheme to rob the Treasury of the
United States, simply because by a vote of the
House the bill was authorized to be brought
before it at a night session, and because notice
was given by the gentleman who had control
of the bill that at some future time the previous
question would be called upon it.
Now, there is no fraud and no taint of fraud
in this bill from the beginning to the end of
it; and there ought to be no imputations of
that character upon honorable gentlemen who
are here endeavoring to advance the best inter-
ests of the country by establishing this great
railroad route which is to connect the Atlantic
and the Pacific oceans by bands of iron and
by the iron horse, which is to transport our
troops in time of war, thus enabling us to bid
defiance to Great Britain by locomotive power,
which will run our troops and munitions of
war along the very frontier of the British
domain if they undertake to hurl their lion
against the rights and liberties of this country.
Now, sir, I am moved, in my consideration
of this bill, by nothing but what I believe to
"be the interests of the country. I do not wish
to put it in the power of thieves to deplete the
Treasury, but I believe that the United States,
instead of being damaged by the construction
of this grand enterprise, will stride onward m
the path of prosperity; it will invite the legions
of the Old World to these shores; and it will
enable the people of this country to^ protect
their rights and liberties whenever an invasion
shall be made upon it by any foreign Power.
But the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. WASH-
