3198
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
copies of the proposed constitutional amend-
ment to the different States, before the time
allowed for the Executive to approve or reject
this amendment has elapsed.
I am told by gentlemen here that the Exec-
utive is not required to sign this constitutional
amendment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise
to a point of order. I desire to know whether
there is anything properly before the House.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Bingham] states that he reports this
from the committee on reconstruction, of which
he is a member, then it is before the House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I understand that the
Constitution provides that all bills and joint
resolutions shall be sent to the Executive for
his approval or rejection, and that no excep-
tion is made in regard to aconstitutional amend-
ment; and the practice has been to submit
constitutional amendments to the Executive.
Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman say
when ?
Mr. LE BLOND. ITnder the administra-
tion of Mr. Buchanan there was a constitutional
amendment submitted to the Executive and
was approved by him. And during the admin-
istration of Mr. Lincoln there was also a con-
stitutional amendment passed and submitted
to the Executive for approval.
Mr. BINGHAM. I would ask the gentle-
man whether lie is aware of the fact that the
twelve constitutional amendments reported by
the ]?irst Congress of the United States were
never submitted to or approved by the Presi-
dent.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am aware that in the
early history of this country the record shows
nothing upon the subject. That is the truth
about it; it does not show that they were ap-
proved or rejected, or that they wont to the
Executive or did not go. But it is a fact, and
the gentleman cannot escape it, that the Con-
stitution makes no exception in the matter
whatever.
Now, what objection is there to changing
this resolution so that it shall require, in the
event that the Executive shall approve the
constitutional amendment, that ho shall send
copies of the same to the Governors of the
States? I hold that the Constitution is ex-
plicit upon the subject, and that while it re-
quires a two-thirds vote upon a proposed con-
stitutional amendment, it does not become
effective until it lias the approval of the Presi-
dent.
As the object of this resolution is to avoid
another veto from the Executive,! shall object
to its introduction at this time, and when it
conies in 
Mr. BINGHAM. If the gentleman objects
why does lie argue it?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Lk Blond] makes the point of order,
as the Chair understands he does, that the
amendment must bo submitted to the Presi-
dent 
I do not raise that point.
What point, then, does
Mr. LE BLOND.
Mr. BINGHAM,
the gentleman raise?
Mr. LE BLOND.
I intend to raise the
point when it does come before the House.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Lb Blond] as
having raised the point of order on the specific
grounds stated by him. The argument that
he has made is based upon the objection, and
the Chair holds that the objection, if based ou
those grounds, is not good. The Chair has the
authority of the Supreme Court of the United
States for his decision, and supposing that the
question would come up lie has procured the
authority, and now has it before him.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Supreme Court never
decided a question of order in this House.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania certainly does not understand
the decision of the Chair or ho would not
have made the remark.
The question was raised distinctly in 1803,
in the Senate oi the United States, on a motion
that the then proposed amendment should be
submitted to the President:
"On motion that the Committee on Enrolled Bills
bo directed to present to the President of the United
States for his approbation the resolution which has
been passed by both Houses of Congress proposing to
the consideration of the State Legislatures an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States re-
specting the mode of electing President and Vice
President thereof, itwas passedin the negative—yeas
7, nays 23."
On a distinct vote of 23 to 7, the Senate voted
that the Committee on Enrolled Bills should
not present the proposed amendment to the
President of the United States for his approval,
and it was not presented to or approved by him.
In 1798 a case arose in the Supreme Court
of the United States, depending upon the
amendment to the Constitution proposed in
1794, and the counsel in argument before the
court insisted that the amendment was not
valid, not having been approved by the Presi-
dent of the United States. The Attorney Gen-
eral, Mr. Lee, in reply to this argument said:
"Has not the same course been pursued rolative to
all other amendments that have been adopted? And
the ease of amendments is evidontly a substantive
act, unconnected with the ordinary business of legis-
lation, and not within the policy or terms of invest-
ing the President with a qualified negative on the
acts and resolutions of Congress."
The court, speaking through Chase, Justice,
observes:
"There can surely be no necessity to answer that
argument. The negative of the President applies only
to the ordinary cases of legislation. He has nothing
to do v\"itii the proposition or adoption of amend-
ments to the Constitution."
And the court would not hear an argument
from the Attorney General on the point, it was
so clear.
The Chair lias still another authority. Dur-
ing the last Congress a proposition of amend-
ment to the Constitution was submitted to the
President of the United States, Mr. Lincoln.
It, was sent back by him with the remark that
he thought he had no right to sign it officially,
but inasmuch as it was presented to him he
would sign it.
Thereupon the following resolution was sub-
mitted to the Senate by the chairman of the
Judiciary Committee of that body, [Mr. Trum-
bull:]
"Resolved, That the article of amendment pro-
posod by Congress to be added to the Constitution of
the United States, respecting the extinction of Slav cry
therein, having been inadvertently presented to the
President lor his approval, it is hereby declared that
•such approval was unnecessary to tare effect to the
action ot Congress in proposing said amendment, in-
consistent with the former practice in refereneo to all
amendments to tho Constitution heretofore adopted,
and being inadvertently done, should not constitute
a precedent for tho future: and the Secretary is
hereby instructed not to communicate the notice of
the approval of said proposed amendment by the
President, lo tho House of Representatives."
Upon that resolution Senator Ueverdy John-
son' said:
"Now, tho proposition is that no proposal by Con-
gross of an amendment to tho Constitution, although
receiving tho support of two thirds of both Houses
of Congress, is to bo submitted to the States unless
the President shall approve it. That is not the case
in relation to the other mode of proposing amend-
ments. There being two modes, and stated in the
alternative, the other mode is:
"'Or on the application of tho Legislatures of two
thirds ot tile several States.'
"What arc Congress to do then? Suppose two
thirds of the States propose amendments, has tho
President anything to do with that ? A11 will admit
that he has not. lias Congress anything to do with
tSlat? A! 1 will admit tliat their single duty then is
an imperative duty tocall aeonvention. So that the
whole object ot the clause,asitseemstome,ismerely
to begin a mode by which the people shall have an
opportunity of deciding whether tho Constitution
shall be amended or not. But when, as is stated by
the honorable chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
every amendment which has been adopted has been
submitted to the States withouthavingbeen approved
by the President, and when the Supreme Court, at a
time when it stood as high as it has ever stood at
any time since its organization, refused even to hear
an argument on the subject, supposing it to be too
clear for discussion, it would seem to me that we
ought to consider the question as settled."
And such was the decision of the Senate,
which adopted the resolution of Mr. Trum-
bull, without a division or even a call of the
yeas and nays.
The Chair will state in response to the re-
mark of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Johnson,] that this is a parliamentary
point. It is a question as to whether the
Committee on Enrolled Bills of this House,
where the joint resolution proposing the
amendment 'in question originated, should
present the sameto the President for his sig-
nature. And the Chair has decided that such
a course of proceeding is not iu accordance
with the Constitution and the uniform usage
heretofore, except in the single case of the
last Congress, when the proposed amendment
abolishing slavery was submitted by inadvert-
ence to President Lincoln for his signature.
Therefore an objection based specifically on
that ground could not be tacitly allowed^ by
the Chair as correct, and is not a valid objec-
tion to the consideration of this concurrent
resolution at this time.
Mr. LE BLOND. With all deference to the
opinion of the Chair, and tho authorities he
has cited, I desire to say that the question the
Chair has presented is entirely a new one, but
not the one I made. The objection I make is
to the reception of the resolution at this time.
Sir. BINGHAM. Then I object to the gen-
tleman's discussing the resolution. And I give
notice that I will introduce it on Monday next
under a suspension of the rules.
Mr. JOHNSON. I desire to be heard a
moment in reply to the speech of the Speaker.
Mr. ALLISON. I object.
jonathan ball.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I call for the regular
order.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of House bill No. 550, for the
relief of Jonathan Ball.
Mr. MYERS. When this bill was under
consideration on last Wednesday, I withdrew
my demand for the previous question in order
that several gentlemen might be heard. I pro-
pose now to renew the demand for the pre-
vious question. If it shall be seconded, I will
yield for any interrogatory which any gentle-
man may desire to propound.
Mr. DAWES. I do not desire, Mr. Speaker,
to enter anew into the discussion of this bill
at this time; but I wish to ascertain whether
the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers]
will not consent to a postponement of the bill
for a few days. The gentleman seems to think
that I was mistaken in certain statements which
I made to the House the other day; and what
I desire is an opportunity either to convince
him that I was right or to say to the House
that I was wrong. I am quite confident that I
was correct in those statements ; but if the gen-
tleman will consent to the postponement of
the bill for a few days, I shall be iu possession
of evidence which will show that either lie is
mistaken or I am iu reference to the facts of
this case.
Mr. MYERS. I must decline to yield  
Mr. DAWES. 1 submit to the gentleman
that there is nothing so pressing in the charac-
ter of the case as to render it absolutely neces-
sary to urge the House to vote upon it at this
time 
Mr. MYERS. I must interrupt, the gentle-
man. I have already said that if the previous
question be seconded I will yield for any inter-
rogatory. I now insist upon the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman will allow
me to make a single remark. He does not
appear to appreciate the suggestion which I
make. I suggest to him that there does not
appear to be any necessity for insisting upon
the previous question at this time; that there
is in the nature of the bill nothing requiring
that we should vote upon it to-day. I simply
ask the gentleman to consent to the postpone-
ment of the consideration of the bill till next
week, when I flatter myself I shall be able to
convince the House, beyond the peradventure
of a doubt, that the statements which I have
made with reference to the character of this
patent, and its fruits during the twenty-one
years of its continuance, are entirely correct.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
