1278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
right, standing here, to criticise a previous
speaker; if heattaeks mypropositions, to exam-
ine his argumentsif he offers a substitute, to
examine that substitute and see what there is
in it or of it; and so long as I do that in re-
spectful language and in parliamentary style,
I cannot conceive that any Senator has a right
to complain of me for so doing. If his speech,
or whatever it may be, will not bear criticism,
that is not my fault; and if I fail in my criti-
cism it is my misfortune. I think we are a
little too sensitive upon this subject. Criti-
cism upon a speech does not necessarily imply
unfriendliness ; it is not personality. I know
it has been called so, aud some exception has
been taken to it, and some little nervousness
has been exhibited in regard to it. But, sir,
a speech made by any Senator here is fair game,
especially to one who is opposed to its princi-
ples or its assumptions; and if a Senator com-
menting upon it deals with it fairly and hon-
estly and does not misrepresent it, he has a
right to do it, and it is his duty to do it.
That is not the only distinction which exists
in parliamentary debate in this country. There
are two kinds of debate here, if they may be
called debate. One kind is a long, labored,
written, printed oration, prepared carefully in
the study, elaborated, proof corrected, all the
thunderbolts forged, everything put into proper
shape, and then read to the Senate. Another
kind is where a Senator, in unpremeditated lan-
guage and to the best of his power, as occasion
serves him, takes up the subject and discusses
it without the advantage of that previous study
and examination. 1 lis not for me to say which
of these is the best, which is the most parlia-
mentary. I only know—1 have been told ; I
never was there—that in the Parliament ofling-
land, and in France in their Parliament, no
man is ever permit,ted to read a speech, lie
is seraped down, coughed down, and put down
n.t once.
Mr. 00 WAN. Oh, no ; not in France. They
aroprrmillcd to read speeches there.
Mr. [''KSSENDHN. 1 was not aware of
that; but 1 know tlml. the practice in England
is as t have stated; that is, I have been told so.
It is not for me to say which of these two kinds
of debate is the best. I can only say thai if a
man is lookiug to future ages, making history,
and wants to leave something on record that
will be creditable to him, perhaps the oration-
izing is vastly the best of the two. But I do
not think that Senators who have not that am-
bition, and if they had, cannot expect to gratify
it, and are obliged to get. along as they can, and
do the best_ they can under the circumstances
on the Mibjcct. of debate, ought. to be blamed
very much if they are willing to content them-
selves with the little modicum of reputation
they make in that way. Sir .fames Mackin-
tosh said that, these written orations proved
nothing except the power of argument aud
imagination, and did not. necessarily denote a
capacity for affairs. That was his opinion. 1
presume ho was influenced very much by the
praclicc that, prevailed in England, and with
which he was most accustomed.
('here is another distinction that F should
like to draw. There are two kinds of person-
alities in debate. One is a personality that is
aimed directly at an individual in the heat of
d"bale, when men are somewhat excited, when
they cannot or do not stop to choose their
words, and when sometimes things are said
which are to Ik; regretted. Another is a per-
sonality which does not aim at individuals, but
aims at masses, numbers, contines itself to
nobody, deals in epithets, deals in denuncia-
tion; does not pick out, an individual who can
reply to it on the ;-pof ; and is elaborated care-
fully in tin,4 closet, lull of all manner of bitter-
ness, but so expressed that no particular indi-
vidual has a right to take it to himself. ]>oth
kinds ot personality are deserving of reprehen-
sion. I think the latter, inasmuch as it is cool,
deliberated upon, the words chosen, exhibits
■\astly the most malice of the two, more cer-
tainly than the hasty words that escape one in
the heat of argument.
Having thus drawn my distinctions with re-
gard to debate (and I suppose I am as well
entitled to draw them as anybody else) I wish
to call attention to the speech that under the
head of argument was made by the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts. On this subject
I think he has occupied about eight or nine
hours of the time of the Senate, and on the last
occasion, while saying that principles were to
be considered, he has undertaken to designate
the character of this proposed amendment. I
have already stated who the men were who were
in favor it. What does the Senator call it? I
have chosen a few, and but a few, flowers of
rhetoric from the speech of the honorable Sen-
ator: "compromise of human rights," "vio-
lating the national faith," "dishonoring the
nameof the Republic," " bad mutton," "new
muscipnlarabortion,!'" anewanathemamarau-
atlia," "abomination," "paragon and master-
piece of ingratitude," "abortive for all good,"
' 'shocking to the moral sense," 1 'the very Koh-i-
noor of blackness," "essentialuncleanliness,"
"disgusting ordure," " loathsome stench;" and
the men who support it, if they pass it, will be
"Harpies," "Pontius Pilate, with Judas Is-
carioton his back." I think Icannot do bettor
than read a few extracs from the honorable
Senator's speech:
"Looking at this compromise in its most general
aspect,it reminds me,if youwill pardon the illustra-
tion, of that leg Of mutton, solved for dinner on tho
road irom London to Oxford, which Doetor Johnson,
with characteristic energy, described 'as bad as bad
could bo, ill-fed, ill-killed, ill-kept, and ill-dressed.'
So thiscoinpro'miso—X adopt tho saying of an emi-
nent tnend, who insists that it cannot bo called an
amendment' but rattier a 'detriment' to the Consti-
tution id as bad as bad can be; and even for its
avowed purpose it is uncertain, loose, cracked, and
rickety."
Again:
" Regarding it as a proposition from Congress to
meet the unparalleled exigencies of the present hour,
it. is no bett er than the' museiputar abortion'sent into
tho world by tho 'parturient mountain."'
That is a specimen of composition that very
few of us would attempt. Again:
" Adopt this proposition, and you will bo littlobct-
ter than the foul Harpies who defiled tho least that
was spread. The Constitution is tho feast spiead for
our country, and you are now hurrying to drop into
its text a political obscenity, and to spread on its page
a disgusting ordure,
. , '"Defiling all you find,
And parting leave a loathsomo stench behind.' "
And what do you think the honorable Sena-
tor calls this? He says:
" If 1 uso plain language it is because tho occasion
requires it. '
Ruin language! Again:
"-l^vns no Mich thing. It wjis n compromise; and
futch !•- tho precise ojutviolor of the present proposi-
tion, which, by ii* very words, is a plain heense to a
ais'iiuilinsjyranny m consideration that the tyrants
pay m political power. The primary element m (ho
e;w, winch stand* out in darkness visible, h the
licence; the secondary element is tho pay. Here is
milhin;: ie*s fluin ninthly liou<? oi'111 X-'amo, which
it j* proposed to license constitutionally for a politi-
cal consideration."
1 will quote 110 more of those flowers of rhet-
oric. The application of those phrases and
epithets to a proposition coming from a com-
mittee of the Senator's own political friends,
and most of them his personal friends, one of
them certainly his very intimate friend and col-
league, passed by more than two thirds of tho
I louse ot Representatives, among whom were
thegreater number of his own colleagues in that
IIouso, supported by a large majority of this ,
Senate, among whom is his colleague'who sits i
by my side, not applied ill the heat, of debate,
but piepared fn the closet, printed, tho proof
conected, and brought in here to be retailed
before the _ country upon the men with whom
he is associated, is a matter tho propriety of
which must be left to himself to judge. J only '
allude to the fact that such is tlie attack made
upon this body and upon the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Now. sir, I come to the question itself and
to parts of it which I cannot permit to pass out
without being accompanied more or less with
a little comment.
Mr. President, what is the present state of
this question? In the first place, how does the
right of suffrage stand now, and how would it
stand after the passage of this amendment, if
it should be passed? There are two provisions
of the Constitution which have a material
bearing upon the question under consideration:
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States whioh may bo in-
cluded within this Union, accoi ding to thoii respective •
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to
the whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term ot years, and excluding
Indians not taxed, throe fifths of all other persons."
That is the way the Constitution stands now.
That is the third clause of the second section
of the first article. The first clause of that
section is in these words:
"The House of Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the peoplo
of the several States: and tho electors in each State
shall have the qualifications requisite for electors of
tho most numerous branch of tho Scatc Legislature."
If I understand the Constitution at all, it has
always been considered that the clause which
I last read acknowledged the right of the States
to regulate the question of suffrage. I do not
think it has ever been disputed. That is a
matter assumed, that as the Constitution stands
now in its written text it, is tho right of the
several States to fix the qualification of voters.
The first clause that I read apportions Repre-
sentatives according to population, with one or
two exceptions. Now, these "three fifths of
all other persons'' have become free, and ac-
cording to tho argument of the honorable Sena-
tor from Maryland, which perhaps I should not
dispute, it is simply inoperative with regard to
them. There may be no persons who como
within the exception. What is it, then? How
does tho clause stand ? It is conceded that the
power exists in the States to fix the qualifica-
tions of voters. It reads thus:
"Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the sct'eial States which may bo in-
cluded within this Union according to their respect-
ive numbers."
Leaving out that which has become obsolete.
Now, what is this resolution? Leaving out the
words " and direct taxes,'" for we do 'not pro-
pose to meddle with that, it is this:
"Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may bo included within this
Union according to their respective nunibors, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed."
hi toUdem verbis precisely the language of
the Constitution as it stands now. It is merely
redrawn, leaving out that part of it which was
considered to have become obsolete.
Under that, will any Senator dispute—and I
address myself to the honorable Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Yates]—that the States have, as
the Constitution stands to-day, the perfect right
to fix the qualifications of vuters. and that this
part of the proposition which I have reau leaves
it just as it was before, and does not change it?
Very well. Suppose we strike out that portion
of the proposition ; it is nothing but repetition ;
it is the old formj and tho old form is just.as
good unless you wish to add something more
to it. Then bow would the proposition to
amend stand 1 It would stand precisely in this
waj-:
Whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged m any State on account of race or color,
all persons of suca race or color shall he excluded
from tho basis of representation.
1 ake that as a substantive proposition by
itself; the other is nothing ; it is mere repeti-
tion. 1 ho States have a perfect right to-day,
and they may exercise it as they see lit. to
make such rules as suit them without regard to
the qualifications ot electors: and there is no
power in Congress, leaving out the argument
ol the Senator from Illinois with regard to the
j power derived under the new provision abol-
ishing slavery, to interfere with that right; at
least,^there is nothing in the Constitution about
1'". '-Then what we proj,t,se to add to the con-
stitutional provision is simplv this:
V/henever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or color,
all persons of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me to
interrupt him ?
