1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
(No. 422) for .the relief of Mrs. AnnE. Smoot,
widow of Captain Joseph W.- Smoot, with an
amendment, in which he was directed to ask
the concurrence of the House.
land and building company again.
Mr. MERCUR. I believe that there is noth-
ing in (he statement of the gentleman from New
York calculated to injure this bill or to harm
any person interested in it, and I therefore de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. PAINE. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. My conviction is that this bill 
The SPEAKER. That is not a privileged
question pending the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. PAINE. Well then, sir, I move to lay
the bill upon the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not de-
batable.
Mr. PAINE. It is a privileged motion, how-
ever, and I make it.
The question was taken, and upon a division
there were—ayes 01, noes 31.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. MEltCUtt called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion to lay on the table was ac-
cordingly agreed to.
Mr. PAINE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was laid on the table; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
alabama and florida railroad.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was a joint resolution of the Senate (No. 134)
extending time to the Alabama and Florida
Railroad Company for the payment of duties
on railroad iron ; which at the commencement
of the evening session had been laid by on
motion of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, for half an
hour.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time.
The question was upon ordering it to be read
a third time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
extend a credit of live years to the Alabama
and Florida Railroad Company for the duties
upon a sufficient quantity of railroad iron and
fastenings to relay the track of the railroad
from Pensacola, Florida, to the Alabama State
line, a distance of thirty-seven miles, by the
railroad company giving satisfactory security
for the payment of such duties within the term
of five years with semi-annual interest thereon
at the rate of six per cent, in gold, and the iron
and fastenings shall be used for no other pur-
pose until the duties are paid in full.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on the third reading of the bill.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to lay the bill
on the table, as that seems to be the order of
business this evening.
Mr. ALLISON. I call the yeas and nays
on the motion to lay this bill upon the table.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 54, nays 48, not voting
84; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, J3anks, Benjamin,
Jiidwell, Boutwcll, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Sidney Clarke, Conklmg, Cullorn, Driggs, Eckley,
Egelcfton, Eliot, t'arquhar, Ferry, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hayes, ilntchkiss, James R. Hubbell, Insersoll,
Julian, ICelley, Koontz, George V, Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Loan, Marston, MeClurg. Mercur, Miller,
Morris, Myeis O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Perham, Rollins,
Sawyer, Bcolield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens,
Stokes, Trimble, VaifcAernam, Ward, Welker, Went-
worth, Williams, James ]?. Wilson, and Stephen 1\
Wilson—51.
Le Blond Marshall, M.iynard, McRuer, Morrill,
Nicholson, Phelps, Plants, Price Samuel1 J. Randall
■IMl'JSml Xtl.VlUl, , TTr • Ti «>
Van Horn, Woodbndge, and Wnght-ft.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Barker, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boye.r,
Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Cobb, Cook, Cooper, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson,
Denims, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Dumont,
I'arnsworth, Goodyear, Grrider, Grinneli, Griswold,
Hale, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Iligby, Hill, Hogan,
Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John
H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Humphrey, Jenckes,
Jones, Kelso, Keteham, Latham, Lettwich.Longyear,
Lynch,Marvin, McCullough,MeIndoc,McKec, Moor-
head, Moulton, Newell, Niblack, Nocll, Patterson,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, W iiliam II. Randall, Rogers,
Selienck, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Upson,
Burt Van Horn, Warner. ElihuB. Washburne, Henry
D. Washburn, WilliamB. Washburn, Whaley, Win-
dona, and Winfield—84.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for the yeas and nays
on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
miompiiis riots.
Mr. BROOMALL. In the absence of the
chairman [Mr. washbu^ne, of Illinois,] of the
select committee appointed by this House to
investigate the late riots in Memphis, Tennes-
see, the chairman being detained from the
House by illness, I am instructed by the com-
mittee to submit a report, which, together with
the testimony, I move be laid on the table and
printed.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I submit a minority
report from the same committee.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am also instructed by
the same committee to move that there be
printed for the use of this House twenty thou-
sand extra copies of the reports and testimony
and fifty thousand copies of the reports with-
out the testimony.
The SPEAKER.. The motion to print extra
copies will go to the Committee on Punting
under the law.
The question was upon laying the reports
and testimony-upon the table and ordering the
same to be printed.
Mr. LIS BLOND. I hope this testimony
will not be printed. I do not think any mem-
ber will read it even should it be printed, and
therefore it would be a useless expense to print
any copies at all. The whole subject-matter of
the investigation is entirely of a local charac-
ter ; a matter the regulation of which belongs
wholly to the State of Tennessee.^ But Con-
gress has taken upon itself to go into the dif-
ferent States to regulate what should be regu-
lated by the police of the State.
Mr. SCOFJELD. We have been regulating
the business down there for the last five years.
[Laughter.]
Mr. LE BLOND. I should not be surprised
if there had not been some regulating down
there, and some regulating should have been
done North, instead of all being done in the
South. If that had been done, I have no doubt
we should to-day have had a better state of
things and a united country. But, sir, I am
opposed to printing this report for the rea-
sons I have named and for other reasons.
The report, as I am informed, will make eight
hundred pages of printed matter. It details
the circumstances of a riot which took place
in the State of Tennessee, and the facts ot
which have been published all over the coun-
try. We are just as well advised now of what
occurred there, and what gave rise to that riot,
as we should be if this report were printed for
electioneering purposes. I shall call for the
yeas and nays upon the motion to print. ^ I
will now yield to my friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Johnson'.]
Mr. JOHNSON. The subject-matter of this
investigation was nothing more than a riot.
Nobody ever pretended at the start that it was
more : and the committee, I understand, have
arrived at the same conclusion. A riot in Mem-
phis no more calls for investigation by this
House than a riot in New York or Philadelphia.
If every riot occurring anywhere in the country
is to be investigated by a congressional com-
mittee, and a voluminous report of the testi-
mony to be printed at the public expense for
circulation throughout the country, 1 think we
shall find ourselves involved in a larger outlay
of money than the people will justify.
But, sir, in considering this proposition- iV
must be borne in mind that it has a political
object, a partisan purpose. This investigation
has been so treated by the ptiblic press of the
country. I understand, however, that it has
failed of its object; and the matter will not be
bettered by printing this report. We are already
circulating more documents than are read by
the people. We are already expending more
money for publications of this sort than the
people desire shall be so expended. This
money, it must be remembered, is drawn from
the people by direct taxation ; it comes out of
the labor and sweat of the country. I respect-
fully protest against this system. I have no
objection to printing the ordinary number of
copies of this report; but as for publishing fifty
thousand copies for circulation all over the
country under the franks of members, I think
we should leave such publications to private
enterprise or to the political partisans whose
purposes it may subserve.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I oppose
this proposition in entire good faith. This
report is a document which, in my judgment,
ought not to bo printed at all; and one of the
principal reasons why I think so is that, as I
understand, the committee recommend no ac-
tion whatever on the part of Congress. If no
action is to be taken upon all this pile of tes-
timony which the committee have reported,
what can be the use of printing it in order to
bo sent broadcast over the country 7 If gen-
tlemen wish to economize let them commence
now.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I do not
at all wonder that the two gentlemen who have
spoken are opposed to the printing of this re-
port and testimony. They know what it is.
I will not pretend to make any argument in
favor of printing it. I know whence the oppo-
sition comes and the reason for it. I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; which was upon order-
ing the printing of the usual number of copies
of the report and testimony.
Mr. LE BLOND. My proposition was to
print the report alone without the testimony.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's propo-
sition comes too late. That might have boon
offered as an amendment to the motion of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Buoom-
ai.tj. ] But the House is now acting under the
operation of the previous question.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I rise to a
point of order. I wish to inquire whether it
is in order to move a reconsideration of the
vote by which the report was accepted. I un-
derstand that it is not the report of the co'm-
mittee at all.
The SPEAKER. There is no such motion
known in the practice of this House. When
the report of a committee is presented, any
gentleman can raise the question whether the
committee have actually agreed to the report.
But after the report has been received, no
member can raise the question that it is not the
report of the committee.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 85, nays 23, not voting'
58; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Delos
II. Ashley, Baker, .Banks, Barker, -Benjamin, •"]<*-•
wcll, Boutwcll, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland, Sid-
ney Clarke, Conkling, Cullom, Dawes, Delrecs, Pel-
ano, Driggs, Eckley, ISgffleston, Eliot, Farauhar,
Ferry, Garfield, Abncr C. Harding, .3Uases,
Hisby, Holmes. Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester P. Jlub
bard, James R. Hubbell, Ilulburd, JnsersoU Jenekcs
Julian, Kelley. Keteham, Koonts, Laflm Gcorgo
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lrftmoh, Loan,
Lynih, Marston,Maynard, g'rvw -ii
cur, Miller, Morrill, Morns. Myers. 0 Neill P.une
Patterson. Perham, Price. William II. Randall, Ray-
mond, Jolm H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer. Sehenck.boo-
field, Shnnkhn, Shellabarger, Spalding, St ovens.
Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
