1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
sideration of the special order, being the bill
reported from the Committee on the Judiciary
(H. E. No. 1) extending the right of suffrage
in the District of Columbia.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to-day to
make no remarks derogatory to the character
or the rights of the black man of America. I
desire to consider the subject before us in ref-
erence not only to the black man but to the
white man. I desire to take a broad and com-
prehensive view of the whole question that lies
before us for our consideration, and after ex-
amining it briefly, it is true, in all its bearings
and merits, to arrive so far as I can to a con-
clusion which shall do "equal and exact jus-
tice to all men."
The bill nowunder consideration proposes to
confer universal and unrestrained suffrage upon
all colored citizens of the District of Colum-
bia. We must remember, Mr. Speaker, that the
position of the District of Columbia is entirely
anomalous in our system. Onehundred and
twenty-five thousand people, citizens of the
United States, residing within this District, have
no representation on this floor. They have no
rights as citizens except to pay taxes, to elect
their own municipal officers, and to bo subject
to the exclusive control of Congress without
appeal. They are bound hand and foot, and
in that condition, without the right to be rep-
resented on this floor to present their own griev-
ances, they are subject to the caprice or the des-
potic power of Congress in all respects. I wish,
Mr. Speaker, that this condition should be borne
in mind; and then, as we trace the history of
slavery within this District and within our coun-
try, we shall find, perhaps, that there is some
reason why we ought to exercise calmness and
deliberation in that legislation by which we pro-
pose to affect their social and political relations.
When the seat of Government was first estab-
lished here slavery existed in the States both
of Maryland and Virginia, from which the Dis-
trict originally was taken. The people of this
District, as citizens of the District, and as for-
mer citizens of those States, respectively, held
slaves in bondage: and when this Government
was organized here, be it acknowledged to its
disgrace and its shame, the slave-auctioneer
and the auction-block of the slave-pen were in-
stitutions in this capital of a free Republic, and
men were sold as chattels and hereditary slaves.
Thank God ! sir, that disgrace has passed away.
To-day there breathes here no slave; we hear
the clanking of no chain, and the cry of no vas-
sal ; for the decree of the American people has
gone forth, that not only here, but everywhere
throughout the land which our fathers dedicated
to freedom, slavery has ceased utterly and for-
ever.
And, sir, the destruction of slavery has re-
sulted from no fault of the northern people. It
is the result of the suicidal act of those who
themselves held the control and ownership of
the slaves. For the perpetuation and exten-
sion of that institution, they revolted against the
Government, and attempted to overthrow_it;
they attempted to trample down the Constitu-
tion which we love and which we were sworn
to support; and during four years and a half
of bloody conflict they resisted to the utmost
the power of this Government exerted in the
defense of its own life.
Sir, slavery in the District of Columbia per-
ished as an incident of the rebellion, when it
ought to have perished before as a disgrace to
humanity. Slavery elsewhere perished because
the rebels attempted to use that institution for
the overthrow of our Government; and when
they failed in that purpose, they and those who
were associated with them in sympathy had to
accept fully and unreservedly the consequences
of their action.
Now, sir, I have no sympathy whatever with
slavery, but I confess that I would under exist-
ing circumstances pay some regard to the pre-
judices of those who from long residence within
a slave District, surrounded by all the social ef-
fects of aservile system, have acquired, perhaps,
a natural repugnance to the elevation to political
equality of a class which education had taught
them to regard as an inferior race, and whose
enfranchisement they would regard as oppress-
ive and insulting.
The case before us is entirely distinct and
different from that of States in which the col-
ored population, forming but an unimportant
percentage of the entire population,"have made
no visible impression upon the character of so-
ciety.
We, sir, of the North made the slaves free and
gave them in different States various but limited
rights of citizenship.
In some cases we allowed them the right of
elective franchise; and yet, notwithstanding the
gentleman from New J ersey, [Mr. Rogers,] if he
had then lived, would probably have talked about
the insult, to our wives and daughters by allow-
ing black men to march up to the polls and cast
votes in protection of their freedom, and in pur-
suance of tlieii rights, I have never there heard
of an instance where the white man was shocked
at the election polls by being brought into con-
tact with the negro. Many in the State which
I represent have exercised that privilege. They
have the right to exercise it upon a property
qualification, and no one objects to the exc-rcise
ol'it by those who under the law are authorized
to do so. In other States, where the elective
franchise has been granted to the black man, I
have never heard of any such results as those
which present themselves to the vivid imagina-
tion of the gentleman from New Jersey.
But the case here is different. There the
black people constitute but a small percentage
of those who deposit their ballots at the polls,
while in this city there is a much larger pro-
portion, in consequence of the greater numeri-
cal strength of the colored persons in this Dis-
trict who would have the right at the polls to
exercise the elective franchise if the bill of my
honorable friend from Iowa [Mr. Wn.sox] shall
become a law.
Mr. Speaker, I am frank to say, that with
certain reasonable restrictions, which in due
time will be offered to the pending bill, I am
not opposed to granting the elective franchise j
to the black men in the District of Columbia, j
In the year 18(10 the black population of this 1
District was about fourteen thousand ; but in
the year after the passage of the eman-
cipation act by Congress, slaves, 1 should say
refugees, came here from Maryland and Vir- :
ginia, adjoining slave States. They congregated
in this District and in the immediate vicinity
of this city. They have gathered here to such
an extent that now nearly thirty thousand of
them are embraced within the original limits
of the District of Columbia. When I remem-
ber that all of those sla\es are not domestic
slaves, who have been treated well at home,
who experienced kindness from their masters,
and, in many instances, even shared their for-
tunes in their humiliation, but are composed
of the field hands and plantation slaves, who
know no agency of civilization except the lash
of the overseer, who come in their ignorance
and degi'adation to the land of freedom to seek
protcction under the folds of the American flag,
I must pause before I can vote to extend to them
the rights conferred by this bill.
I have listened for more than twenty years
to the teachings of distinguished men upon the
effect of African slavery upon the intelligence
of the race : and the eminent citizen of Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Scmxeb,] who has so often
spoken on that subject before the audiences of
the countrv, has depicted in glowing and elo-
quent terms the fact ^tliat slavery is so debas-
ing and so degrading in its chaeacter as to take
away or essentially to impair the attributes uf
manhood. I submit, sir, if those be the conse-
quences of slavery in regai d to that popula-
tion to which I have adverted, whether it is just
or generous, wise or expedient, in reference to
the freedmen of the population, or in respect to
the white population of this city, that the great
number of black men resident in this District
should be entitled to the right of unqualified
suffrage unrestricted., This Government has
the power to impose its own enactments upon
the people of this District, but in the exercise
of that power we should be magnanimous; and *
while doing no wrong to the black man, -while i
holding out to him all inducements to culture
and education to enable him eventually and in-
telligently to exercise the right of the elective
franchise, I must say, in my honest judgment,
after full reflection on the subject, that until
they have been so prepared, this highest right of
citizenship ought not to be conferred upon them. '
I was gratified day before yesterday in list-
ening to the statement of my friend from Peno- -
sylvania [Mr. ICelley] in regard to the im- ■
provement within the last few years in this •"
District of the black race.
I rejoice that they are accumulating prop-
erty; I rejoice that they are becoming intelligent -
and respectable, and I would hold forth induce-
ments for others to do likewise, by qualifying the
right of suffrage by some rule which shall oper-
ate as an incentive to study and to thrift.
And I say this, Mr. Speaker, with full con-
fidence that in that course we shall do no harm
to the great principles on which republics should
be established. Republican government surely
can never rest safely, it can never rest peace-
fully, upon any foundation save that of the in-
telligence and virtue of its subjects. No Govern-
ment, republican in form, was ever prosperous
where its people were ignorant and debased.
And in this Government, where our fathers paid,
so much attention to intelligence, to the culti-
vation of virtue, and to all considerationswhich
should surround and guard the foundations of
the Republic, I am sure that we would do dis-
honor to their memory by conferring the fran-
chise upon men unfitted to receive itond un-
worthy to exercise it.
I am perfectly aware that in many States we
have given the elective franchise to the white
man who is debased and ignorant. I regret
it, because I think that intelligence ought al-
ways, either as to the black or the white man,
to be made a test of suffrage. And I glory in
the principles that have been established by
Massachusetts, which prescribes, not that a
man should have money in his purse, not thathe
should have the proclamation money signed by
the authorities of the State of New Jersey, as
stated by the Representative from that State,
[Mr. Rogers,] but that he should have in his
head a cultivated brain, the ability to read the
Constitution of his country, and intelligence to
understand his rights as a citizen.
I heard with deep regret the language uttered
bv the honorable gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] yesterday, in reference to the
comparative rights of the black man and the
white man in this country. I have never been
one of those who believed that the black man
had "no rights that the white man was bound
to respect." I believe that the black man in
this country is entitled to citizenship, and by
virtue of that citizenship is entitled to pro-
tection to the full power of this Government
wherever he may be found on the face of God's
earth; that he has a right to demand that the
shield of this Government shall be held over
him. and that its powers shall be exerted on
his behalf to the same extent as if he were the
proudest grandee of the land. But, sir, citi-
zenship is one thing, and the right of suffrage is
another and a different thing; and in circum-
stances such as exist around us I am unwill-
ing that general, universal, unrestricted suffrage
should be granted to the black men of this
District, as'is proposed by the bill under con-
sideration.
I did not rise,.Mr. Speaker, with the inten-
tion of inflicting a long speecliupon this House,
but I desired to express my own convictions
upon this subject, and to say that, I believe by
pursuing a just, calm, deliberate course of
legislation oil this subject we shall be far bet-
ter fulfilling our duties than by hasty acts which
we may hereafter regret.
This whole subject is within the power of
Congress, and if we grant restricted privilege-
to-day, we can extend the exercise of that
privilege to-morrow. Public sentimenton this,
as on a great many subjects, is a matter of slow
growth and development. That is the history
