1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ^FESSEXDEN. Certainly; if the Sen-
ator will not be too long. I find 1 am consum-
ing a great deal of time.
Mr. YATES. I desire to call the attention
of the Senator to the clause of the Constitution
to which lie refers:
"Tho House of .Representatives shall be composed
of members chosen every second } ear by the people
of the several Stfites: and tho electors in each State
shall have tlie qualifications requisite for doctors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
X oiv, I should not have interrupted the Sen-
ator if he had met my point.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. 1 am trying to meet
the Senator's point if lie will allow me; but I
cannot meet it if he will not allow me to come
to it.
Mr. YATES. I simply contend that these
people by the act of emancipation are made a
pait of " the people" who are to elect the Rep-
resentatives of the United States, and that the
States have a right to define the qualifications
of electors, of these people, but not to disfran-
chise tliem, and the amendment advocated by
the honorable Senator may admit of tho con-
struction that a portion of the people may bo
disfranchised. That is the point.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. The honorable Senator
from Illinois I know has a very healthy brain,
and 1 do not see how such an idea as that could
have got into it. 1 admit, as decidedly as the
Senator does, that the people are to elect Rep-
resentatives; but what I have been speaking
of is. that everybody lias admitted from tho
foundation of the Government down to the
present day (hat the power to fix the qualifica-
tions of voters rested with the Stales.
Mr. YATES. 1 admit that that was so until
the constitutional amendment was passed.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. They have the power
to fix the qualifications. Xow, for instance,
suppose they carry it out, and say colored men
shall not vote.
Mr. YATES. They cannot do that.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. They have the power
to do it. I ain not. speaking of the right; £ am
speaking of the power.
Mr. i ATES. Under the Constitution they
cannot do il.
Mr. FESSEXDKX. What constitution?
Mr. YATEs. The clause of tho Constitu-
tion which I have just read.
Mr. FESSEXDEN". Mow are you going to
interfere ?
Mr. YATES. '-The people" are to elect
the llepresentafivcs.
Mr. FESSEXDEN". 1 know thai, hut who
decides who shall be ''the people" to elect
the members of the lower branch of the Legis-
lature ?
Mr. YATES. That is the objection 1 make
to this amendment. You say il shall be decided
by the States now, which would exclude that
portion of the people who were made free by
the constitutional amendment.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. The Senator is entirely
mistaken. It coys no such tiling. Sinking out
that portion of this proposition which is a rep-
etition of what ! now in the Constitution, its
language is this:
Whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any ts'ate on account of race or color, *
all person* ol such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
Mr. YATES. That admits that it may be
denied.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. 1 say that that is noth-
ing in the world but a limi tation upon the Con-
stitution as it stands. The Senator pays it. ad-
mits the right of the Slate to exclude tiiem. I
say it admits no such right: it denies the right.
'Mr. YATES. It suffers ii.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Xo. sir: it denies the
right of the State to exclude them. It dries
not deny the power, for you cannot deny the
power. The power exists under the Constitu-
tion. The power is there.
Mr. YATES. I do not deny the power to
violate the Constitution, of course.
Mr. FESSEXDEX'. Very wed ; that is all
I want the Senator to say. You do not deny
the power to make the rule. Then, the States
having the power, what does this proposition
say? "You have the power to do wrong, but
if you exercise that power so as to exclude
them you shall not have representation for it."
Does that say, ''We think it is all right that
you shall do it?" It takes tho Constitution
just as it finds it, with the power in the States
to fix the qualifications of suffrage precisely
as they see lit, and with no power to interfere
with it outside of the amendment to the Con-
stitution abolishing slavery, of which I shall
speak by and by, but it says to them, " If, in
the exercise of that power, you deny the right
of suffrage to a race, or any portion of a race,
you shall not count them in the representation."
Is that giving them a right to exclude them?
On the contrary, it is saying, "If you abuse
the power which yon have under the Constitu-
tion in that way, you shall suffer by another
clause of the Constitution such a penalty."
That is all there is of it. Take it by ilsi It'and
read it and the Senator cannot but perceive
that that must be of necessity its construction.
Mr. YATES. 1 simply .say that you recog-
nize the right of the Stale to disfranchise these
people.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. Suppose we say, "If
you steal, you shall bo sent to the penitentiary
for thirty days," would the Senator say there
is a recognition of tho right to steal?
Mr. YATES. Not at all.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. That is all there is of
this proposition.
Mr. YATES. I say these people arc free and
are citizens now, and I do not piopose by a new
organic act to deprive them of their rights and
say they shall be disfranchised.
Mr. FESSEXDEX". [ cannot give way any
further bceauso I have not time.
Mr. YATES. There is the trouble ; 1 cannot
Mr. FESSEXDEX. I do not know that it is
necessary that the Senator should reply, i was
trying to convince him. I!' I fail, it is my mis-
fortune. J under,stand precisely what the Sen-
ator's difficulty is, and when I addressed myself
to him, it was not so much with a view io a
reply on his part as to see if 1 could not remove
any doubts that might remain in the Senator's
mind.
The Senator from Massachusetts makes sev-
eral points against this proposition, to v.hieh
my answer is the same. Hi-iirM point is, that
it recognizes " the idea of inequality of rights
founded on race or color." i deny m Into the
correctness, or even the plausibility io a man
of sense, of any point that he has raised on.tiie
subject. There is not one of ihem that is ten-
able; and moie than that, these is not out! of
them but what is jn.-.l as tenable against the
proposition he is in favor of to found repre-
sentation on voters as this. What lawyer in
the world ever heard that a denial is an ad-
mission? What lawyer ever heard that a pen-
alty is a permission? ii\ this proposilion we
say simply this: "["fin the exercise of the
power that you have under t he Con si it at ion yon
make an inequality of rights, then you are to
suffer such and such eons.'nuene.es." What
sane man could ever pretend that that vas sav-
ing. '■ Make an inequality of rights and we will
sanction it?" We do not denv- nobody can
deny that the power may bo thus exercised.
What we say by this amendment is, '•If you
attempt to exercise, it in this wrongful way, you
create an inequality of rights, and if you do
create an inequality of rights "—not we, but
you — "if you undertake to do it tinder the
power which exists in the Constitution, then
the consequence follows that you are punished
by a loss of representation." That is all that
is in it. Does not tlie same thing follow with
reference to the proposition to base represen-
tation upon voters? Suppose we put it upon
voters ; what is the consequence? What have
they got to do? If they do not admit colored
men to vole, they lose their representation. If
they do admit litem to vote, they have the repre-
sentation. The effect is precisely the same in
both cases, only in one case we put it in a dif-
ferent form, and say directly, " If you do make
this distinction, founding it on'popnlat ion, then
this consequence will follow,"
So it is with reference to the Senator's  <5c
oncl point. The second point seems introduced
not so much with reference to this m-gmaent'as
with reference to the speech the honOraWe
Senator from Massachusetts made the othef
day. What is it? That it, is authorizing and
sanctioning taxation without, representation.
That was first adduced in the very able- and
learned argument of tho Senator made some
days ago, to show that itwasnotconsistentwith
a republican form of government as lie under-
stood it. It is now introduced here for another
purpose, and the Senator now undertakes to
controvert the remark that was made then, that
this original proposition that taxation without
representation was tyranny, was intended and
confined to communities and not to individuals.
I think he has failed to make it evident. He
has attempted to do so by quoting certain loose
expressions from the different writers, I ivas
about to say, of ancient and modern times. He
goes back to Lord Coke and John Locke. I
should like to know how many freemen voted
in England at the time Lord Coke laid down
the principle, as ho did in strong terms, that
the liberties of England depended upon the
right of the freemen to vote? And yet he
sustained the constitution of England as a free
constitution. He thought that the liberties
of England were protected by the right of
suffrage ; and who voted? I hare not time to
ascertain precisely what tho qualification was
at that time, but I presume the Senator will
admit it was only the men of rank and men of
fortune, and some burgesses in the cities, and
perhaps the owners of large farms. The great
mass of the population did not vote then; and
it was not much better in the days of John
Locke. Were they contending that the consti-
tution of England was not a free constitution?
They dealt with general principles, subject to
such limitations as the good of the community
might, seem lo require. So it was with Otis,
even. Why, sir, at the very time that he made
his declaration, tho constitution of Massachu-
setts fixed a property qualification for voters.
Did he complain of it? Did he say it was not
a republican form of government? Did he de-
mand the right in any convention of Massachu-
setts, or anywhere, that every freeman of theaga
of twenty-one years should vote? Not at all.
What is the constitution of Massachusetts
to-day? it contains an educational qualifica-
tion. A man must read or he cannot vote. Is
not that an exclusion of a class? How does
thai agree with the quotation of one single sen-
tence from Otis, that every man of twenty-one
years and sound mind should he allowed the
ballot? Is it so in Massachusetts to-day? Not
at all. Is there not a class exclusion—I think
it a wise one—in Massachusetts? In every
State there are more or less men who cannot
reau. and those men who cannot read are al-
ways to be found. One may learn, and he then
comes within the class of voters; another may
not. and lie may stay in the excluded class for
his life. All of the very writers cited by the
honorable Senatorlived under Governmentsaud
approved and sustained Governments which
did not aliow the right of suffrage to every man
twciily-ono years of age of sound mind, and
there is not a Government on the facc of the
earth that does it to-day or can be expected to
do it.
I have no time to deal with the Senator's ar-
gument on that subject at any length, nor itave
1 learning enough to deal with it at any length,
for I have not looked into the hooks on the
subject, but the question is precisely what I
have stated it to lie, and the Senator has not
proved one word, in my judgment, to tho con-
trary, that the right contended for on the prin-
ciple of representation with taxation was the
right of the community, leaving every commu-
nity to settle for itself who should exorcise the
t of suffrage. The Senator has confounded
tho right of representation with the right of
suffrage. He does not draw the distinction
between the two. A community may be rep-
