1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3199
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] yield the floor?
If so, to whom?
Mr. MYERS. I have demanded the previous
question, and I decline to yield at present to
any one.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 21, noes 55; no
quorum voting.
Mr. MYERS. I withdraw for the present the
demand for the previous question, and will
make a brief statement, which I think will be
satisfactory to the House.
Mr. Speaker, when this question was before
the House the other day, my friend from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Dawes] occupied a consider-
able portion of time, yielded to him by me, in
a statement that I was mistaken in saying that
this bill had passed the Senate in the last Con
gross, had comc to this House, had been unan-
imously reported upon favorably by the Com-
mittee on Patents of this House, and only
failed here for lack of time. That gentleman
then took it upon himself to say that the bill
had been considered in the House, and after a
full and fair discussion had been voted down.
That is a mistake; and the gentleman does
not need any lime to send to private parlies in
Massachusetts to learn whether that was a mis-
take, because the Globe shows that just what
I stated is true ; that the bill was reported in
this House on the last night of the session by
the chairman of the Committee on Patents,
and the gentleman from Massachusetts objected
to its consideration. *
Yet the gentleman endeavors here to-day. as
he endeavored the other day, to create a preju-
dice against the bill by asking lime, when he
has had plenty of lime, and stating that he can
obtain evidence perhaps in a week that I was j
mistaken. The Globe will show what I state
to be true, that on the last night of the session
the bill was reported ; that consent was asked
for its consideration ; that because of the gen-
tleman's objection it went over; and Congress
adjourned without reaching the bill.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I will occupy but a few
moments more in the discussion of the merits
of this bill; and I call the attention of every
member to the statement which 1 am about to
make.
Sir, during three sessions of Congress the
Committee on Patents have reported favor-
ably on only three bills. It is usual to attach
some importance to the report of a committee,
even if it be only the report of a majority of
the committee; but here you have a unanimous
report in favor of this bill; a committee, as I
have said, and 1 take credit to the committee
for it, that diumg three sessions of Congress
has in similar cases only reported favorably on
three of them. J conceive this to be a fact
which ought to commend the bill at once to the
attention of the House.
The ordinary life of a patent, until a late act,
v, as fourteen years. When.however,it was found
that a patent was new and useful, and the in-
ventor had not, in the opinion of the Commis-
sioner of Patents, received sufficient compen-
sation, it has been customary, and such, indeed,
is the law, for the Commissioner to grant an
extension for seven years. It is in rare cases
Congress is called upon to act, or rather that
the Commissioner of Patents is called upon to
act favorably in reference to a further exten-
sion. And it should be of rare occurrence.
Now, it is proved that this patent has not
had its full life before the public, and, although
it was highly beneficial, still it was eleven years
before it came fairly before the public, so great
was the prejudice against it. At first, so great
was the prejudice against it, parties had to give
bonds, running from live to twenty years,
against loss in its use. The prejudice was
strong in favor of the old iron water-pipes and
against this patented article. I understand the
constituents of the gentleman from New York on
my left had to give a bond running for twenty-
five years before he could lay it down.
The House will readily perceive that these
water-pipes had to lie in the ground for years
before the public could be entirely satisfied in,
reference to their merits. The committee had
before it pipes which had lain in the ground for
thirteen years, and which when taken up were
found to be in as perfect condition as when put
down. It has also had before it cast-iron pipes
which had been ten years m the ground at the
Boston water-works, and the evidence was in-
controvertible that these old iron pipes were not
fit. for public use, if not injurious to the public
health. It was found that by means of the
cement in these patented pipes corrosion, in-
crustation, and diminution of the capacity of
water-pipes were prevented. It is an invention
of great public benefit, but it was a long time
before its merits were made known so that the
patentee could take advantage of his patent.
That, sir, is the whole case. The Senate
committee reported favorably on it, and it
passed the Senate. It came to this House,
and has met the unanimous approval of the
Committee on Patents. There is no objection
to it except from one man, perhaps the one
referred to by the gentleman from Massachu-
setts, who came before us and endeavored
to show that this was not ail original inven-
tion, but that some other was. The question
of originality was not one for Congress, and
wo said he could go before the courts to test
the question which was original and which was
not. We had nothing to do with that, our
business being with this application.
Why, sir, it has been shown that this inventor
has not made any more out of this patent
during its whole life than might be made out
of one contract. It was our duty, therefore,
to see that this man was properly recompensed.
The public generally desire that he should have
this measure of justice. Although public notice
has been given, no objection has been made
to this extension except the one to which I
have referred.
This pipe has only been laid in thirty-three
towns. It will be of immense service if this
inventor be allowed to put it down in other
placcs.
1 think the reasons I have given are sufficient.
I will yield now to the chairman of the com-
mittee.
Mr. JENCKES. Thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania has remarked the Committee on Pat-
ents have made but few reports in favor of the
extension of expired patents. The cases brought
to their attention are necessarily exceptional,
and this, as the committee has determined, is
one of the most remarkable exceptions. This
man invented a mode of manufacturing pipes
for the introduction of water into towns and
cities. He came into competition with the
article already in the market and the public
were unwilling to take hold of it unless it, was
guarantied to do good service for twenty years.
The ordinary life of a patent is fourteen years,
and. with an extension, twenty-one years, as
in this ease. The parties who manufactured
this pipe were required to give the purcha-
sers bonds that it would exist in good condition
for twenty years.
It seemed to ns very much like a ease where
a man invents something by which human life
could be prolonged for a hundred years. His
patent for fourteen years was of very little
service, because no one would purchase an
article which required so many years to test it.
We have reported in favor of this, that
this inventor may go to lite Commissioner of
Patents, and if he can make out the case that
he made out at" the termination of his original
term of fourteen years, that he had not rece, ved
the compensation to which he was entitled,
the Commissioner shall grant him a further
extension of his time.
One word now to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawes.] The committee
gave notice last Congress to all who %vished to
come in and contest the question, and show
why this bill should not be favorably reported.
But one person came. I presume the person
that the gentleman represents, and upon inter-
rogation he admitted that he was an infringer
on this man's invention and that he knew he
was an infringer, and that if the patent was
extended he would have to pay license or
royalty. That was the only ground on which
he wished the committee to report against the
extension. He said that he could contest the
validity of the invention, but the references
he gave us were so ridiculous that when re-
viewed in his presence lie withdrew it as too
frivolous a plea to stand.
Mr. MYERS. I yield now to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Taylor..]
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to askthe gentleman
if he claims that the inventor of this patent has
been a loser by it.
Mr. MYERS. The report in the ease is very
full, but I will now state that wo found that he
has not been sufficiently compensated, but on
the contrary very poorly compensated.
Mr. TAYLOR. Tho report seems to be very
frank. It says that he has received $20,431.
Mr. MYERS. Read tho balance of the
paragraph.
Mr. TAYLOR. I will do so. It is as fol-
lows : " And allowing $1,000 the year for the
last seven years for his expenses in traveling,
and services in and about his interest," &c.,
"he has only about thirteen thousand dollars
left for all he has realized from his patent."
Mr. MYERS. Only $13,000.
Mr. TAYLOR. I should think he had been
very fairly compensated, and that is a very frank
acknowledgment on his part.
leave 01? absence.
Mr. WARD. I desire to ask leave of absence
for Mr. Rousseau for one week.
No objection was made, and the leave of
absence was granted.
SELECT COMMITTEE APPOINTED.
The SPEAKER announced that he had ap-
pointed as the select committee on the assault
on Hon. Josiah B. Grinnell the following
gentlemen: Messrs. Rupus P. Spalding of
Ohio, Nathaniel P. Banks of Massachusetts,
John IIooan of Missouri,"Henky J. Raymond
of New York, and James K. Moorhead of
Pennsylvania.
jonathan ball again.
Mr. JOHNSON. This case As before the
Committee on Patents during the Thirty-Sev-
enth Congress, when I was upon the Commit-
tee on Patents. I had great doubts whether
there was any merit in the claim, and it struck
mo then that it ought not to be reported favor-
ably upon, for this reason : that this improve-
ment in the material of these water-pipes of
twenty years' standing was not one that ap-
pealed favorably to Congress to give the con-
trol of it to one party.
The great argument in favor of the bill is
that the patentee was unable to satisfy the
public of the usefulness of his invention, and
therefore could not make as much money as
he expected. Yvhy, sir, he had as much trouble
in satisfying the committee as he had tho pub-
lic at large, and therefore the claim went over-
board.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
this claimant is at least entitled to a vote. He
is of age, for he has been here twenty-one
years. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 again appeal to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Myers] to allow
me to make a motion to postpone the further
consideration of this bill for one week.
Mr. MYERS. The gentleman appeals to
mo to permit a postponement of the bill for
one week. Let me say that this bill has been
upon the Calendar for two months. The gen-
tleman only asks its postponement in order
that he may verify some of the statements which
he made the other day. I have taken upon
myself to contradict those statements, in so far
as they refer to the fact of this question being
acted upon in the House before. Sir, the
Globe will show that this House never did act
