THE CONGRESSIONAL ©LOBE.
April 27,
heard yesterday upon jfchis -floor, 'declared
' that they believed that with that grant of land
from the Government they would be enabled/
to complete the road and have a surplus of
$350,000,000. Less than two years have gone
by and now they come here to ask, what we
have no power to give, the credit of the Federal
Government to an incorporation of private indi-
viduals for their own private speculative pur-
Now, can we do that? Could we have done
it in 1864? I ask gentlemen here (for the same
principle is applicable to other measures as
well as to this) to pause for a moment and
reflect whether all of that land, lying in what-
soever State it may, is not the common prop-
erty of all the States. I contend that the Gov-
ernment holds it only in trust for the people
of all tile States; and that it is, therefore, the
trustee and custodian of these lands for the
benefit of the States who are the cestui que
trust j and you will never be able to get your
discharge by accounting in the future if you
take forty-seven million acrcs of that land and
give it to one railroad company.
' We gave away the other day two hundred
thousand acres of land to build a sliip-canal a
mile and a half long. In a very short time
the whole of this vast territory of ours will
become the property of private individuals;
and then, when we find ournational debt press-
ing upon us severely, and turn to that as a
source of revenue, we shall find that we have
anticipated, and that it has gone into private
Eockets, and we shall be unable to make any
eadway in our efforts to pay our national
indebtedness.
Now, let us consider this matter in another
point of view. Suppose you have given away
half of the land you possess, Pennsylvania,
New York, and Now Jersey, neither of them
having any portion of that which has been
given away, ior I call it a gift without author-
ity of law. Suppose that by and by a bill is
brought in to divide the public lands remain-
ing among the States. How can wo account
to Pennsylvania, Now York, and New Jersey
for the portion that you have given away?
Have they not already been disposed of to
railroad and canal companies and other cor-
porations ?
I think it is a matter that demands careful
consideration on the part of this House. I
have no special pleadiug to offer in a case of
this kind. But I appeal to the good sense ol'
mcmbera of this House to decide whether or
not I am correct in saying that wo are the
trustees of this property, and have no right to
dispose of it in this way; but wo must account
for it to the States who do not obtain their
aliquot portion of it now or at some future day.
It has been urged here that this laud pos-
sesses little or no value. I know the old say-
ing, that drowning men will catch at straws;
yet the shrewd mon who come here and take
such pains to get an act of incorporation might
very properly be asked why they take thfe land
if it is worth nothing. Now, it has become
so valuable, after being in their possession not
quite two years, that they speak about indem-
nifying the Government for guarantying the
payment of interest on the bonds of this com-
pany, by offering us the half of what wc gave
them to secure $07,000,000.
This is not the first example in history where
large offers have-beeu made. If it will be any
benefit to members of this House I will refer
them to a somewhat celebrated example. On
one occasion, as we are told, the devil took our
Saviour up on a high mountain and showed him
a great deal of land, and offered him a very
large land grant, larger, if possible, than this
is. But our Saviour knew the devil did not own
it, and He replied to him, " Get behind me,
Satan." Now, members of Congress offer to
these railroad companies and canal companies
these large grants! of land that belong to the
people; and these corporations not being quite
so conscientious as our Saviour was will most
generously and willingly accept tifi grants of
j$ad tJa,us'pressed upon them."
And it seems that these railroad corpora-
tors who came here last Congress and got this
grant are acting as if their idea was that the
people Of the United States did not send Rep-
resentatives here who possessed ordinary intel-
ligence. Therefore they generously bestow
their advice upon us here in our seats, and in
this building, and at our hotels, telling us how
we can best discharge our duty. All I can say
is that we are very much obliged to them for
their interest in our enlightenment, and we will
act as we may deem best.
Now, has any measure of security been ta.ken
by the Government that the lands thus given
away to this private corporation shall pay taxes
in common with the property of other corpo-
rations? Have wo guarded the matter in any
way so that the United States will ever bo tho
gainer by it ? Sir, what is to happen at once
upon the completion of this road? A division
of the profits will be made, and the Govern-
ment will get nothing. The private corpora-
tors no doubt will be very ranch obliged to the
Government for having loaned its credit to
them, which is equal to so much money; they
will be very much obliged for the land that has
been given to them, and when the road is done
they will take all the profits to themselves, bid
good bye to the Government, and having be-
come wealthy they will go off and enjoy their
otium cum dignitate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Wright]
yield to me a moment?
Mr. WRIGHT. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
io say that I have been the victim of misplaced
confidence, [laughter,] so far as the colleague
[Mr. Rogers] of tlio gentleman is concerned.
1 certainly understood him to say day before
yesterday that ho was against this bill, and he
came to my desl{ and spoke to me about it.
Yet 1 came into the Hall this afternoon and
find him advocating it.
Mr. GRliSfNELL. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. \Vash!sui!Ne] that
tho gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers]
is not in his seat.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thought
he was here.
Mr. STEVENS. That matter has nothing
to do with this subject, and it is a thing which
very few gentlemen would ever have mentioned.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask members of this House
whether they are making the best disposition
of the money belonging to the Government in
bestowing it upon such measures as these. It
is said on tho one hand that our Treasury is
depleted, and on the other side that it is in no
danger of a financial crisis of any sort.
Can we make no better disposition ofthis land?
Once before on this floor, I invited the attention
of members to the absolute necesssity of doing
speedy justice to our soldiers and sailors.
Would it not be better to give some acres of
this land to the institutions owned and con-
trolled by the Government, so that the needy
and deserving soldiers might enjoy the pro-
ceeds of this land as a common fund? Are
we to allow the brave defenders of the Re-
public to go unprovided for. Destitution and
beggary are stalking abroad throughout the
land, because Congress has as yet made no
proper provision for the soldiers.
It members of this House have greater
regard for the Northern Pacific railroad than
they have for the noble men who did so much
for the salvation of the country during the
recent rebellion, then let them vote to give
the public lands to this company. Formypart,
I think that gross injustice would be done to
our worthy volunteers -if we should pledge tho
faith and credit of the Go vernment as proposed
by this bill; for a wise Government will always
keep sufficient money in its Treasury to redeem
its plighted faith. If this bill is to involve an
expenditure in consequence of which the peo-
ple of each congressional district in the United
States will be subjected to aninereasedtaxation
to the amount of $300,000, then our constitu-
ents ought to know that fact; and this is the
proper place to disseminate it. We should
proclaim to them that there is no party feeling
in this matter; that there can be none; that
the question is one of legal right and impartial
justice.
Sir, when I heard the eloquent remarks of
gentlemen about the necessity of giving away
our lands for works of public improvement, I
felt disposed to send word to the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company to make application
for a grant of land; I do not see why the House
should not have its heart softened toward that
corporation as well as any other.
Si?, however we may be bound bypartyfeel-
ings, it will not do for us to inaugurate a sys-
tem by which we may wink at trifling errors and
go on increasing our offenses until by their ille-
gality they amount to absolute crimes, because
it cannot bo presumed that we could thus sin
through ignorance. Sir, I desire that this road
shall be built, and I am willing to do anything
that I may lawfully and conscientiously do to
assist in its construction. The great railroad
Of the State in which I live would form one of
the connections erf this road by way of the
Atlantic and Great Western railroad. Sir, tho
opponents of this bill must not be misjudged.
We do not desire to be understood as being
other than favorable to the completion of the
road. But we cannot approve the means by
which the end is sought to be accomplished.
I think I am fully justified in saying that my
constituents will approve the vote which I am
about to give against this measure. I can cast
that vote with a clear conscience, knowing that
I have sought to do no injustice to the North-
ern Pacific Railroad Company, but that I have
endeavored to save the money of my constit-
uents, that I have striven to prevent the deple-
tion of the public Treasury. Sir, I find on my
desk this morning a circular which the Secre-
tary of the Treasury has sent us, stating that
$350,000,000 is all that is necessary to be raised
annually to pay off the interest of the public
debt of England; and that during the past three
quarters Of the current fiscal year $405,000,000
have been paid in this country. But, sir, he
says that the continuance of the present system
of taxation on the necessaries and comforts of
life—articles that we eat and drink and wear—
is required in order to meet the demands upon
the Treasury. Sir, at such a time as this, how
can we, with any regard to the interests or tho
welfare of the country, engage in a scheme to
guaranty, by a pledge of the national credit,
fifty or one hundred million dollars to a private
corporation? The principle is wrong. Our
duty as Representatives requires that we should
oppose such schemes; and this I say with no
unkind feeling toward those who advocate the
bill.
I trust that the bill may yet be put in such a
shape that those who are at present its oppo-
nents may become its friends; and that in the
mean time we shall mature a measure which
shall extend to our soldiers and sailors that
generous eare which they so well deserve from
the country.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will yield to the gentle-
man for twenty minutes.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, I received
in the mail this morning a circular, which I
hold in my hand, purporting to come from the
Treasury Department, the reading of which has
caused me a considerable amount of discom-
fort. The purport of this circular is that in
consequence of the enormous indebtedness of
the Government, in consequence of the im-
mense amount of taxes now imposed upon the
people, it is utterly impossible for the Govern-
ment to equalize the bounties to our soldiers.
Many of us have been sitting here with the fixed
determination not to let this session go by with-
out passing that most righteous measure, and
to be told now that the thing is impossible is a
declaration that must grieve the heart of every
lover of the country in this Housd. I am not
without hope that the prophecies of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may be found to be mia-
