1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3201
before us that this article did not get into public
use generally during the existence of the patent;
that up to this time but thirty-three towns and
^ lilagesin the United States have been induced
to use it and the public now desire to use it—
if they had all that before them, I think they
would vote to sustain the committee, as I hope
they will now.
The objection amounts to this: a gentleman
appeared before the committee who claimed
that he had a better right to the patent. We
thought he ought to try that fact, and we re-
feired him to the courts. It is no argument
against, this bill to say that this or that company
has entered into this business. But if there be
such we guard their rights, while we say to this
public benefactor that as the public did not ap-
preciate his invention at first, that years had to
expire before its merits could be tested, he
shall have the benefit of his great invention for
seven years longer, and so far as our votes go
he shall lnive the chance for compensation the
law originally intended he should have.
T now yield to the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Davis, ] with the understanding that when
he shall have concluded his remarks he will
renew the call for the previous question.
Mr. DAVIS. 1 will do so.
Mr. Speaker, it appears to me that the re-
port of the Committee on Patents is liable to
one prominent objection. I am willing to do
whatever is just and necessary for the protec-
tion and encouragement of inventive genius;
but where the inventor, from the nature of his
in vent ion or fi om carelessness, suffers his patent
to expire so that the light to use it becomes
public property, I thinkwe should never grant
to any such inventor any extension whatever
without fully and completely guarding all the
rights of tluve who may have engaged in the
manufacture of the article after the patentliad
expned.
lly reference to the bill I find the following
proviso ■
Provided. That nothing herein contained shall bo
so constiued as to hold responsible any persons who
may have made or used said invention between the
expiration of the patent and thcapproval of this act.
Now, when did this patent expire?
Mr. DAWES. It expired in December last.
Mr. DAVIS. Persons have engaged in the
manufacture of this article; as soon as the
patent expired men embarked their capital in
the manufacture of these water-pipes, and there
is in this bill no greater protection afforded to
theirinterests than that which I have just read.
The moment the patent expired it became pub-
lic property. Capital was invited under the
Jaw to invest in the manufacture. This Con-
gress, therefore, has no right, to say to those
who embarked their capital in it that they
shall be subject hereafter to this proposed
heavy tax. Congress has no right to say to
those who have engaged in this manufacture
that they shall immediately stop operations or
agree to the terms dictated by the parties for
whose benefit this bill is passed. I believe in
no such legislation as that.
I do not know that 1 have anything further
to say, except to refer to the fact that we are all
aware inventors as a genera! thing secure the
full benefit of their inventions, as they gen-
erally sell out to others. Such is the history
ofinveuthe genius, in this ease, the party
having secured liis patent under the laws of
the United States, parted with three fourths of
his interest in it, and therefore this legislation
is mainly for the benefit of his associates. I
now, as I promised to do, call for the previous
question.
Mr. DAWES moved that the whole subject
be laid upon the table.
llie House divided; and there were—ayes
73, noes l2S.
Mr. MYERS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
So the motion was agreed to.
' Mr. DAWKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the whole subject was laid upon the
table ; and also moved that the motion to re-
consider be laid upon the table.
Cow, 1st Pres.-- -No. 201,
Mr. MYERS demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truty enrolled joint resolu-
tion H. R. No. 143, making an appropriation
for the repair of the Potomac bridge; when
the Speaker signed the same.
reconstruction.
The House then resumed, as the special
order, the consideration of bill of the House
No. 543, to restore to the States lately in rebel-
lion their full political rights, upon which Mr.
Raymond was entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I under-
stand there are one or two other gentlemen
who desire to be heard on this subject at this
time, and as it will suit my convenience better,
and I presume that of (he House as well, to say
what I have to say on Monday next. I yield
the floor for "the present; and I hope it will
be the understanding the subject shall go over
until Monday next, when 1 shall have the floor.
I suppose to-morrow will be devoted to gen-
eral debate on the President's message. I
make that motion now.
Mr. BINGIIAM. Let the discussion of this
bill go on to-morrow.
Mr. RAYMOND. I prefer myself to speak
on Monday instead of to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. Several gentlemen desire
to be hoard as m Committee of the Whole on
the President's message. The gentleman irom
Indiana [Mr. Jclian] is entitled to the floor
if to-morrow be set apart, for general debate.
Mr. RAYMOND. 1 understand that, ac-
cording to the usage, members who speak to-
morrow can address themselves to any subject
they choose. I move that to-morrow be set
apart for that purpose.
Mr. ORTIL obtained the floor.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
if the consideration of this bill is not finished
on Monday after the morning hour, it will then
come in behind the Army bill, which, by unani-
mous consent, is made the special order for
Tuesday, and every day thereafter until dis-
posed of.
Mr. RAYMOND. If it is necessary L will
move that this bill be considered on Monday,
and that it retain its place as the special order.
The SPEAKER. It, will remain the special
order, only if the debate is not concluded upon
it it will then come in behind the Army bill,
as that will come up on Tuesday to the exclu-
sion of all other business.
Mr. ORTII. I yield to the gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Hale,] who desires to offer an
amendment.
Mr. HALE. I move to amend the bill by
inserting at the end of line ten, on p.ige 0, the
following proviso-.
Provided, however. That this net shall not be con-
strued to deny tho-i iglit ofeaeh Ilou^e of Uonm-cx
to bo the judte of the elections, returns, and qualifi-
cations of in own members, or to prohibit the admis-
sion by either llou^o of any member duly elected
and rfuatitied, upon taking the required oath of oliice
at any time.
j Mr. ORTII. Mr. Speaker, we are approach -
; ing the solution of the important and difficult
| problems consequent upon the suppression of
j armed hostilities. Such approach has not been
I rapid because rapidity was not desirable, but
| with that deliberation which the gravity of the
I questions demanded.
Upon new and untried issues differences of
opinion even among friends ha\ing the same
ultimate object in view were to be expected,
and these differences it was the part of wis-
dom, if not of charity, to tolerate. It is only by
a free and fearless discussion, by patient re-
search and examination, by full interchange
of sentiment, that truth can be separated from
error, and fallacies be detected and exposed.
The war was commenced by the traitors for
the purpose of destroying the Union. Patriots
resisted the attack for the purpose of saving the
Union. Here was a broad line of distinction
which none could misconstrue or fail to com-
prehend. The American people divided upon
this issue, and were found upon the one side or
the other, as they were moved by their sympa-
thies or influenced by the dictates of their judg-
ment. The contest was a long one and terri-
bly severe and desperate.
The patriots triumphed, and that triumph
indubitably established the fact that this Union
shall not be destroyed. Hence it follows that
we are destined to live together as one people,
under the same Government, with an identity
of institutions, and subject to the same laws.
The war wrought radical changes in our so-
cial and political systems; and the machinery
of the Government must now be thoroughly
adapted to these changes before wo can expect
that harmony and unity so essential to our
future peace and safety. This work must be
pei formed by some one, and who shall do it,
the patriots or the traitors? Who best pre-
pared to do the work well, the men who tried
to destroy the Union, or tlf#"men who suc-
ceeded in saving the Union? These questions
admit of but one reply, and modesty at least
would say that "traitors should take aback
seat in the work of restoration."
This, then, is the work of the patriot; and in
its performance lie should be governed by two
cardinal principles: first, that sooner or later
we must live together as one people; second,
that we have a right to demand and must de-
mand irreversible guarantees for the future
peace and safely of the country before we con-
sent to restore the late rebel States to their
proper practical relations in the Union.
No person may feel any special interest in
what I may heretofore have said in this House,
yet nearly eighteen months ago, in speaking
upon these questions, I used the following
language:
"I do not for a moment believe in either of tho
positions assumed by the respective friends of each,
that secession can take any State out of the Union
or that any Stat.o by such net has destroyed itself,
committed suieido, as it is said, or that tho rebellious
district is to be considered and treated as ioreign
territory."
I entertain the same opinion to-day.
The local governments in the several rebel
States were undoubtedly destroyed by the act
of rebellion, and Congress to-day can either
provide for the organization of the new local
State governments or may accept those al-
ready organized under the auspices of the ex-
ecutive department, by virtue of its military
authority. We have determined to adopt the
latter course, whether wisely or not is no
longer debatable. What remains to be done
is for the people of the several States to ratify
the constitutional amendment which was agreed
to by us on yesterday, an amendment demanded
by the exigency of the limes as a condition-
precedent to the full restoration of the late
rebel Slates. This we have the undoubted au-
thority to do, and we shall be utterly false to
all our great interests if wo fail or refuse to
enforce these precedent guarantees.
This amendment contains five sections, as
follows, namely:
1. Secures to all persons born or naturalized
in tho United States the rights of American
citizenship.
2. Bases representation in Congress upon the
voting population of each State, thus depriving
each State of political power in the same pro-
portion as such State denies the right of suffrage
to its male inhabitants.
3. Provides that a certain class, being the
most intelligent and influential of the rebels,
shall be denri\ ed of the right to hold any office,
State or national, on account of their partici-
pation in rebellion.
4. Declares the validity of tho public debt
and repudiates the debt of the so-called con-
federacy.
5. Empowers Congress to enforce these sev-
eral provisions by appropriate legislation.
The adoption of this article shall be a con-
dition-precedent to the admission of any of the
late rebel States to representation in Congress,
and the future historian of our country, when
