1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
sir, I should look upon it as a most uncertain
and weak protection to any classofmen, because
what we may do to-day others may undo to-'
morrow.
So much for "tying the hands of Congress."
There are one or two other points, two I think,
. made by the Senator from Massachusetts, and
the answer to them is the same. He denounces
this proposition as "installing recent rebels to
govern loyal citizens under the sanction of the
Constitution." How? Does it give them power?
No, sir; it limits their power. Does it deprive
any man, black or white, of his vote? Does
it tie the hands of the loyal people of those
States? No. They are tied already by the
Constitution, if they can be; that is to say, they
are in the power of the whites, if they choose to
exercise it. Perhaps this proposition does not
go as far as it ought to go to relieve them, but
it leaves them something to hope for in the
future.
The last point of the Senator is that this prop-
osition is "a compromise of human rights, the
'most immoral, indecent, and utterly shameful
in our history."
Mr. President, I stand rebuked, but I do not
feel so bad as I might. The committee of fif-
teen, the friends and associates of the honor-
able Senator, stand rebuked. More than two
thirds of the House of Representatives and a
large majority of this body, all the political
friends and associates of the Senator, stand
charged with proposing a compi jinise of human
rights the most immoral, indecent, and shame-
ful in our history! All 1 can say with regard
to that is, that neither on its face, in its effect,
nor in its intention, is it any compromise. None
such was dreamed of. The honorable Senator
from Massachusetts, like the honorable Senator
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Cowan] who originated
the idea, chose to call it a wholesale sale of
negroes. The honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania knew better. He laughed almost when
he was reading that portion of his speech. He
is a licensed joker and much may be'pardoned
to him ; but the grave assertion of it by the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts strikes
me with astonishment. If I thought it was, if
I thought that I and the other gentlemen con-
nected with me were actingashe described, that
we were, to use his own illustration, parting the
raiment of the Saviour between us, I should
certainly feel like hiding my head in shame;
but fortunately the words of the Senator fix
the character of no man. We stand upon some-
thing better than the opinions of a heated con-
troversialist, penned in his closet and poured
out in the Senate. The natural effect of this
would be to charge all of us with indecency and
immorality. It is vain to say that such could
not be the intention, because we werenotaware
of what we were doing. Sir, I am 110 more
anxious to be called a fool than I am to be called
a knave. A matter that I have studied care-
fully, deliberated well, and eome to a conclu-
sion about, 1 am responsible for. I do not wish
to be excused on the ground of a want of sense.
When I have with me nearly all of the presses
of the country of m\' own political faith, when
I have with me all of my own political faith of
the committee of fifteen who offered this amend-
ment, more than two thirds of the chosen Rep-
resentatives of the people, and much more than
one half, to say the least of it, of the members
of this.Senate, I am content to stand under the
rebuke of the honorable Senator and even
under his denunciation.
But I say this is no compromise._ Nothing
can be made of this charge; there is no argu-
ment to support it. It is nothing but the
bold, bald assertion of the Senator to that ex-
tent. It admits of no proof; not even the
Boston Recorder, which the Senator calls the
" religious press of the country," and which,
if I recollect aright, for twenty years was the
most consistent and bitter opponent of the ab-
olition of slavery of any press in New England,
except the Democratic press, and, is only a re-
cent convert to its present position. That is
the only religious press that the honorable
Senator chose to cite.
39th Coxg. 1st Sess.—No. 81.
Mr. President, it is sufficient for me to s«y
that every objection that the honorable Senator
makes to this amendment applies to the amend-
ment in regard to voters, which he says lie is
in favor of. It affects precisely the same thing
on the same principles; and let me tell you
that, in my judgment, would be a more unsafe
proposition than this. Look at the position in
which we shall be placed by that. 1 may vote
for it; if I cannot get anything better, I shall
votefor it; but I think this infinitely the best.
But just look at the effect of placing representa-
tion on the voting basis. We have proposed
todntroduce Tennessee into the Union on con-
dition that she disfranchises, or keeps disfran-
chised, her rebels. _ I should be glad to apply
the same rule for a given length of time to every
other State. Here we propose—and the honor-
able Senator is in favor of that; 1 know he is in
favor of it, for ho has so expressed himself—
to disfranchise every man who has been in-the
rebel army, and then we turn around to these
States and tell them, "We will found your rep-
resentation on voters." That is the double
proposition. Is the Senator in favor of both
of those? Who, then, is to govern the States?
The blacks entirely, with a small number of
whites? That must be the consequence. Take
it, however; I am content, if gentlemen are
content to take the voters. I have no attach-
ment to any of these propositions. I think this
is an imperfect one as it stands, but I would
like to get something that looks to the enfran-
chisement of these men in the future, if not in
the present.
Mr. President, I have not time to go further;
the hour agreed upon for taking the vote has
about arrived.' I cannot close, however, with-
out saying how amusing seems to me the char-
acter of the opposition to this joint resolution.
Thatopposition is composed of men of all shades
of opinion. The Democrats on the other side of
the House oppose it because they say it is un-
just to the southern States. My honorable
friends who have been some time with us are
opposed to it because—I do not know why,
except that the President is opposed to it, and
I beliete that is the ground. My honorable
friend from Massachusetts objects because it.
is unjust to the negro. Why, sir, just imagine
all the gentlemen opposed to this resolution
met in caucus together, and looking around at
each other, would there not be a smile on all
their faces to see what company they had fallen
into? I think I see the honorable Senator from
Oregon winking at the honorable Senator from
Pennsylvania, and wondering how he got there.
Mr. "NESMITH. I suggest to the Senator
that we do not propose to meet in caucus.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it would be
just as well if they did not come together. The
meeting would be a curious one. I think Sen-
ators would be surprised to find themselves
there, and, like the countryman looking at the
reel in the bottle, they would consider how the
devil they did get there. [Laughter.] It would
be a very strange meeting; and yet they are all
against this proposition.
I know that when there is an attempt to over-
throw the Constitution, and perpetrate iniquity
by those who are iniquitous, good men of all
sorts must come together, as they are very apt
to do, to prevent the injury that is contem-
plated. I can only account for the proposed
meeting upon that principle.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a familiar story
of a shield with inscriptions on it which was
suspended in a highway. Two travelers ap-
proached it from opposite quarters, and stand-
ing face to face, each read the inscription as
he saw it. Straightway there was a difference
and a contest. Each insisted that the inscrip-
tion was as he read it. At last on looking at
both sides it was ascertained that each was right,
as the inscriptions on the two sides were differ-
ent. So it is 011 the present occasion. Ihe
measure now before the Senate has two sides.
The Senator from Maine, as he approaches it,
sees only the side which limits the representa-
tion. As I approach it I see the recognition
of a caste and the disfranchisement of a race.
He defends it; I condemn it. ' Bat i 6 defends
only what lie sees. I condemn only wlisit J s'£g.*
It is the misfortune of the measure thatitias
two sides with two opposite inscriptidijs.; This
is especially unhappy at this moment, vfh&it tfe-
are bound to be frank and loyal, and to do
nothing which may be interpreted in* a double
sense, Above all should this be the case with
regard to an amendment of the Constitution,
But the present proposition does not fall-vfitliia
these conditions. It is enough that ther'e'ar'e
at this moment two opposite opinions with
regard to its meaning.
Now, sir,_ it will not be denied that there are
opposite opinions on the meaning of this prop-
osition. The Senator from Maine affixes to it
one meaning. I affix to it another. The £>ea-
ator sees nothing bad in it. I see in it nothing
good; or, rather, all that it proposes to do is
absorbed, merged, and lost in its evil. Against
this proposition I am in earnest, and I speak so.
What is debate ? It is the expression of opin-
ions, conclusions, and convictions on matters
before the Senate. These must be expressed
fully, freely, and according to the conscience
of the speaker. If a measure is deemed to be
bad, injurious, pernicious, founded in wrong
principles, and calculated to producc infinite
mischief, all this must be said; and it must be
said with plainness according to the nature of
the exigency. To this end language is given.
The measure must be exposed. There aie no
terms to be spared which may be needed in
this exposition, whether to reach the judgment
or the feelings. Of course, on this occasion I
see only the subject.
But 1 am not alone in my interpretation of
this proposition. Only the other day I pre-
sented the petition of the editor of the Boston
Recorder, in which he was moved to protest
against it as "disgraceful," inasmuch as it dis-
franchised a race and offended against the Dec-
laration of Independence. I have here papers
and testimonies showing how extensively this
proposition is so interpreted. Here, for in-
stance, is a communication from an honored
citizen of New York, once a member-of the
other House, one of the Old Guard of Aboli-
tionists, who from the first gun at Port Sumter
has seen our duties with a sensitive conscience
and a patriotic soul; I mean Mr. Gerritt
Smith. Mark, if you please, that I cite his
words simply as showing how an ingenuous
nature is touched by this proposition:
"I see that thellouseof Representatives approves,
and by a very strong vote, the proposed apportion-
ment amendment of the Constitution. I see, too,
that nearly all the members, who are the most rad-
ical friends of freedom, are included in this vote;
and that there is, therefore, no room in the ease for
questioning motives. Freedom may, however, be
wounded unwittingly. Nay, she may bo wounded
even in the house of her friends. Such is her title, in
the present instance. And no lossdeep and danger-
ous is the wound, but, on the contrary, all the deeper
and more dangerous, because inflicted by hands which
aimed not to harm but tohelp her. Moreover, though
it is always consoling to bo able to trace an error to
the understanding, the error may, nevertheless, be
quite as perniciou.- as if the heal twere involved in it.
"A disgraceful, if not indeed fatal, blot upon the
Constitution and country will be this one. Disgraceful
is it to a Government to license the gambiing-houso,
even though it be on the condition of being paid for
the license. Disgraceful to it to license the brothel or
the dram-shop, even though on such condition. But
how emphatically disgraceful for a Government to
license slavery, that crime of crimes, even though the
consideration m return lor the license be very great
andthepay very tempting. This, howevcr.istbeaeep
disgrace with which the apportionment amendment
threatens the Constitution and thecountry. ,
- "It is true that slavery is notliterally in the
amendment. It is true, too, that proscription jf0™ the
ballot-box does not always mean slavery, hut it is
also true that, where such proscription is of onerace
bv another, there is an instancewberethe proscrioea
areonslavcd. The power, therefore,which t nsanienct-
mcntwill give the southern whites to withhold the
ballot from the southern blacks will be tbc-ir power to
enslave them. If they shall withhold from them the
ballot, they will also withhold from them treedom.
m £ -• f
" It goes to hinder the identification of the South
with tl.o nation. Another, and by far the graved of
all objections, is that they whom it leaves urn ore-
scnted, are deeply wronfed ami cruel.v m- ulied by
such an isnorina: of their manhood. nat a mean
a«welJ as groat crime asamstthe H-ores ot thousr.ncu
of black wen who Look up arms to save the nation*
and without whom it would not have been saved, is
this shuttiug of them out from representation. Is the
