1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2241
taken. I am not without hope that some means
•may yet be ascertained to equalize the bounties
of our soldiers, but for one T will not allow
myself to give a vote in this House so as to tie
my hands from supporting that measure when
it comes up.
You maybe sure, Mr. Speaker, after read-
ing that document, I came to this House by no
manner of means disposed to vote away sixty
millions of money which ought to go to this
purpose.
Mr. HENDERSON. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me.
Mr. BROOMALL. I cannot do it, I have
but a little time myself.
I will not vote the money which ought to go
to this righteous purpose into the pockets of a
private corporation. I warn gentleman, if
they vote for this bill audviolate their promise
to thesoldiers, they cannot fall back upon the
assertion of the Secretary of the Treasury that
the thing was impossible, for their votes upon
this measure will stare them in the face. They
■will be told they have given by one single act
to a private corporation nearly one half as
much as would bp required to equalize the
bounties of the soldiers.
I recollect very well when the original bill,
to which this is an amendment, was brought
into the House. It was not without reason
that members were startled at the injustice of
the jjroposition it contained of conveying in
fee-simple to a private corporation, the stock
of which might be held in India, England, or
anywhere else, lands exceeding in amount the
entire State of Indiana, and more than double
the land contained in the States of New Jersey,
Maryland, and Delaware. Such a proposition
might well startle members of Congress and
make them hesitate ; but my powerful col-
league, chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations, [Mr. Stevens,] with his usual per-
suasiveness almost forced us to depart from
our accustomed propriety to sustain the bill.
I regret that upon that occasion I did not make
my voice heard in condemnation of the measure.
I allowed myself good-naturedly and amiably to
yield my judgment to thatof others ; but when
I saw this bill here, I was reminded that I had
been somewhat recreant to my dut}'. I voted
against the bill, I grant, but then I contented
myself with that vote. Such at least is my
recollection at this time.
What were we then told? The opponents
of the bill, 1 think the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Washburne] especially, pointed out the
immense amount of lands proposed to be given
to this people, and contrasted it with the land
grants t.o other corporations. Ho earnestly
remonstrated against the passage of the bill,
and foretold that the demands of the company
would not end there. He foretold truly. The
eloquence of my colleague and others had such
effect that the bill was suffered to pass, notwith-
standing the warning of the gentleman from
Illinois. It was passed upon the positive prom-
ise of these people that that would be the last
demand by that company upon the Congress
of the United States. Yet, sir, notaspadehas
—been put into the ground, not a pole has been
set, not a line has been run since the passage
of that bill, and still the company is back here
asking for money, money at a time when money
is by no means plenty with the Government of
the United States.
But it is said by gentlemen on the other side
of the question that this money will be repaid.
When? I would like to know when. If we
commence this system of legislation we will
find the bonds of the United States selling at
fifty cents on the dollar long before we shall
see a single cent of this money returned. The
bill provides the means by which it is to be
got out of the Treasury of the United States,
but I see small chance of its being brought
back.
The framers of the original bill—I mean the
bill for which the pendiug substitute is moved—
never intended that this money should be paid.
They framed the bill so that it was never
necessary for the company to repay the money.
39th Cong. 1st Sbss.—No. 141.
They framed the very bill so that no part of
the money that they proposed to take out of
the Treasury should fall due to the Govern-
ment until after the road was entirely com-
pleted. It is easy enough to leave ten miles
of a road of eighteen hundred miles in length
unfinished, so as to avoid the payment of the
money.
The alterations that have been made by my
colleague have not helped the bill much, very
little indeed. They have only the better cov-
ered up, not the bad intentions of the House,
not by any manner of means, but the bad
intentions of somebody, I do not know who,
for I inquired all day yesterday in this House
of everybody [ saw, "Who drafted this bill?"
and was unable to find out who did it.
Now, the proposition of my colleague is, that
wc should take security for the money we lay
out. What is the security? Why, the right to
sell at double the-price of our public land, and
no loss, the land lying on the south side of
that road. Is that any security? And the bill
proposes to vest all these lands in this company
beforehand, so that they may sell them, and
then the lands would be beyond our reach, in
the hands of innocent third parties. For they
take good care in this bill to make the grant
of the land entirely free from all the condi-
tions set out in the original act.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman yield?
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 am sorry I cannot
yield.
, Mr. STEVENS. I am sorry the gentleman
will not allow mo to make a correction.
Mr. BROOMALL. 1 think I have paid as
much attention to this bill as we usually do.
It may be my misfortune to be in error, but if
I am, 1 am honestly so, and I shall have in
vindication of myself at least the fact that I
did notvote to a private corporation the money
that should have gone to our spldiers.
Two of my colleagues from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley and Mr. Stevens,] with extraordinary
eloquence—extraordinary even for them—are
urging the passage of this bill. Pennsylvania,
ground down by local, State, and general tax-
ation ; Pennsylvania, that has had to resort to
a means of raising money that never came
within the knowledge, I suppose, of my friend
the chairman of the Committee of Ways and
Means, [Mr. Morrill;] Pennsylvania, that
has had to resort by law to taxing her citizens
upon their poverty instead of their wealth (be-
cause within two years that State, finding that
the General Government wanted all the tax
that could be raised from her property, act-
ually passed a law compelling the debtor to
pay a tax on his debt:) Pennsylvania comes
here, ground down in that way by taxation, and
asks, through her Representatives, to let this
piivate corporation dip its hands sixty millions
deep into the public Treasury.
My colleague from Philadelphia [Mr. Kel-
ley] tells this House that Sir Morton Peto
would be very glad to take this job off our
hands, would be very glad, if I understand him,
to guaranty this stock upon the terms offered
to us. Well, all I can say is, if Sir Morton
Peto wants the job, as for me he can have
it, and when he gets through this job I will
hunt him up a good many others of the sathe
sort. I dare say there are corporations within
the district of my colleague whose stockholders
would be very glad to have the Government of
the United States guaranty the dividends upon
their stock.
I know that there are such corporations in
my district, and if my colleague will aid me to
get an introduction to that distinguished Eng-
lish gentleman, when he gets through the job
that he proposes for him, I will introduce to
him some of my constituents for that purpose.
Sir, let who will guaranty these bonds, I, as a
member of this Congress, never will.
Mr. KELLEY. For correction I ask the
gentleman to yield.
Mr. BROOMALL. I do not want it taken
out of my time, but I will do it.
Mr. KELLEY. I have nowhere intimated
that Sir Morton Peto would gladly construct
this road if the United States would guaranty
the bonds.' I have said that he, with other
Englishmen, would gladly give a guarantee for
the sake of extending the British line down
to the forty-second degree of latitude. I want
no more British Provinces on our territory".
Mr. BROOMALL. The gentleman's expla-
nation is precisely as I stated it. I did not
state that lie said that Sir Morton Peto would
like to have the job if wc would guaranty the
bonds. What I said was, that that gentleman
would gladly take the job that we are asked to
undertake, would gladly take upon himself the
guarantee of that stock upon the terms offered
to us. It was in that view that I said that he
or any_ other person on the other side of the
Atlantic may do it so far as I am concerned.
It is time we began to retrench. The peo-
ple are clamorous for a reduction of the taxes.
Who of the members hero presentjhas not had
letter after letter from his constituents asking
when a bill reducing our taxation will be re-
ported atid acted on ? Who is not glad to find
that there is in the bill which has been reported
a material reduction of taxation ? But, if we
are going to give away with one hand twice as
much as we receive with the other, I want to
know how we are to satisfy our constituents?
I believe, sir, that my time is very nearly
exhausted, and I will only say further that upon
this question I have paired with a gentleman
from New York who has had to leave the Hall.
Mr. WRIGHT. I yield now to the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Harding.]
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I am greatly
indebted to the gentleman from New Jersey
for his courtesy in allowing me a few minutes.
I felt more intei-ested in this subject and
am more ardently opposed to this bill than,
perhaps, there is good ground for. I am anx-
ious to preserve the financial credit of the Gov-
ernment. Perhaps I am more sensitive on that
point than I ought to be.
I feel how much it has cost, both in blood
and money. I feel how grinding and burden-
some our present taxation is upon the people ;
and I am unwilling to add another dollar to
our obligations unless it be for a measure of
very great national importance.
It is asserted that this is a great national
measure. 1 beg leave to deny it. It is but a
great individual speculation. The nation is
no more interested in the development of this
region of country from Lake Superior to Pu-
get sound than it is in the development of
any other portion of the country. If the devel-
opment of this country by the construction of a
railroad is to be held to be a national business,
why then I can only say that I have understood
1 things differently. I do not understand that it
is the business of this Government to engage
in the general improvement of the country and
the development of its resources, in the build-
ing of woolen and cotton factories, in the open-
ing of canals, and in the construction of rail-
roads in all directions. These are, in one
sense, matters of national importance, but not
in the sense that has ever been maintained by
that great party to which I have had the honor
to belong all my life, a party which has met
opposition, but which in its construction of the
ptfwer of Congress under the Constitution, to
enter upon the improvement of the inland riv-
ers and the harbors on our lakes, and to pro-
vide for the construction of other great national
improvements, has never gone as far as this
measure proposes to go. And 'no leadership
shall lead me further than the position which
that party assumed, and in which it was sus-
tained in the past by the people of the coun-
try.
I have never understood that we had a Gov-
ernment here which could appropriate money
from the public Treasury for the development
of local interests.
In the limited time allotted to me I can, of
course, say but little of what I would like to
say upon this subject. I would like to show
that this measure is not impelled by consider-
ations of great national importance. If it be,
then I ask why it is that members from partic-
