4162
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
REMOVAL OP CAUSES TO FEDERAL COURTS.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 406. It was
objected to yesterday, but it is very important
that it should be passed at this session. It will
take but a moment.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 40t>) for the removal of causes in certain
cases from State courts was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that if
in any suit already commenced, or that may
hereafter be commenced, in any State court
against an alien, or by a citizen of the State in
which the suit is brought against a citizen of
another State, and the matter in dispute ex-
ceeds the sum of $500, exclusive of costs, it to
be made to appear to the satisfaction of the
court that a citizen of the State in which the
suit is brought is or shall be a defendant, and
if the suit so far as relates to the alien defend-
ant or to the defendant who is the citizen of
a State other than that in which the suit is
brought, is or has been instituted or prose-
cuted for the purpose of restraining or enjoin-
ing him, or if the suit is one in which there
can be afin.il determination of (he controversy,
so far as it concerns him. without the presence
of the other defendants ns parties in the cause,
then and in every such case the alien defendant,
or the defendant who is a citizen of a State
other than that in which the suit is brought,
may, at any time before the. trial or final hear-
ing of the cause, file a petition for the removal
of the cause as against him into tl)e next cir-
cuit court of the (Jnited States to be held in
the district where the suit is pending, and offer
good and suilicient surety for his entering in
such court, on the first day of its session, copies
of the process against him, and of all plead-
ings, depositions, testimony, and other pro-
ceedings in the cause affecting or concerning
hi in, and also for his there appearing and en-
tering special hail in the cause, if special bail
was originally requisite therein ; and it is
thereupon to be the duty of the State court to
accept the security and proceed no further in
the cause as against the defendant so applying
for its removal; and anyba.il that may have
been originally taken is to be discharged, and
the copies being entered in such court of the
United States the cause shall there proceed in
tile same manner as if it had been brought
there by original process against the defendant
who shall have so iiled a petition for its re-
moval. Any attachment of the goods or estate
of the defendant by the original process shall
hold the goods or estate so attached to answer
the final judgment, in the same manner as by
the laws of the State they would have been
holden to answer final judgment, had it been
rendered by the court in which the suit com-
menced ; and any injunction granted before
the removal of the cause against the defendant
applying for its removal shall continue in force
until modified ordissolved by the United States
courtiiitowhichtheeause shall bo removed;
and any bond of indemnity or other obligation
given by the plaint id' upon the issuing or grant-
ing ol any attachment, writ of injunction, or
other restraining process against the defendant
petitioning for the removal of the cause, shall
also continue in full force and may be prose-
cuted by the defendant and made available for
his indemnity in case the attachment, injunc-
tion, or other restraining process be set aside
Or dissolved, or judgment be rendered in his
favor, in the same manner and with the same
force and effect as if such injunction, attach-
ment, or restraining process had been granted,
and such bond had been originally filed or given
in the court to which the cause is removed.
The removal of the cause, as against the defend-
ant petitioning therefor,_ into the United States
court .-hall not be deemed to prejudice or take
away the right of the plaintiff to proceed at the
same time with the suit in the State court as
against the other defendants, if he shall desire
to do so. Copies of all pleadings iiled or en-
tered in the United States court by the defend-
ant applying for the removal of the case, shall
have the same force and effect in every rijspect
and for every purpose as the original pleadings
would have had by the laws and practice of the
courts of the State if the cause had remained
in the State court.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state that under the joint rules of the two
Houses this bill cannot be sent to the other
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit the usual mo-
tion that the sixteenth and seventeenth joint
rules be suspended for the residue of the pres-
ent session.
The motion was agreed to.
The rules referred to are as follows:
"16. No bilt that shall have passed one Ilouso shall
be sent for concurrence to the other on either of the
last three days of the session.
"17. No bill or resolution that shall have passed
tho ifonse of Representatives and the Senate shall
be presented to the President of the United States
for his approbation on the last day of the session."
MESSAGE IfllOH THE 1I0DSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a resolution to suspend the sixteenth and sev-
enteenth joint rules of the two Houses for the
residue of the session, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate.
Tho message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to the
amendment of the Senate to the bill (II. R.
No. 4-2) for the relief of Mrs. Ann E. Smoot,
widow of Captain Josepii Smoot.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
Senate bills and joint resolution:
A bill (S. No. 821) for the relief of John
Hastings, late surveyor and depository of pub-
lic moneys at Pittsburg;
A bill (S. No. 424) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Temperance Society of the city of Wash-
ington, District of Columbia ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 133) to change
the place of holding tlie terms of the circuit
court for the district of West Virginia.
The mc.,:.;ge further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the bill
(S. No. 211) to incorporate the General Hos-
pital of tho District of Columbia, with an
amendment, in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
SUSPENSION OF JOINT RULES.
The Senate proceeded to consider the reso-
lution of tho House of Representatives sus-
pending the sixteenth and seventeenth joint
rules of the two Houses for the residue of the
present session; and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
licsolvcd, That tho Senate agree thereto.
PROTECTION OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. FESSENDEN submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 780) to protect the revenue, and for
otber purposes, having met, after full and freeeon-
feronce have agreed to reeommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh
amendments of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their eighth amend-
ment.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with the following amendment: in line nine,
pagel, of the engrossed bill, strike out "$2 50" and
in lieu thereof insert, "three dollars."
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with tho following amendments: inline two of
saidamendment strike out the words "and directed,''
and in lino throe, after the words "collection in,"
insert the words " any of;" and the Senate agree to
the same. W. P. FESSENDEff,
J. M. HOWARD,
J. B. HENDERSON.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JAMES A. GARFIELD,
JOHN IIOGAN,
ifemagers on the part of the Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
SENATOR FROM TENNESSEE.
Mr. FOWLER presented- the credentials of
Hon. David T. Patterson, chosen a Senator
of the United States by the Legislature of the
State of Tennessee for the term commencing
March 4, 1863.
The credentials were read.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that these creden-
tials be referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, with a view to inquire.whether Mr. Pat-
terson can take the oaths required by the act
of Congress and the rule of the Senate.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose Mr. Patterson
would be the best judge himself whether he
can take the oaths or not. I suppose we shall
hardly undertake to inquire whether a man can
take an oath or r.ot.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will state the question. It is moved that these
credentials be referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary for the purpose of making the
inquiry stated by the Senator from Massa-
chusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. In support of that motion,
I beg to call attention to a precedent of the
Senate, at the Thirty-Seventh Congress, sec-
ond session, 18U1-62, in the case of Benjamin
Stark, a Senator from Oregon. I have a mem-
orandum of it, as follows:
"When his credentials were presented, January 6,
1862, Mr. Fessenden moved that the oath be not
administered, and that his credentials be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary."
It will be remembered that the occasion of
that motion was that there was reason to believe
that Mr Stark had expressed disloyal senti-
ments. The reference to tho Judiciary Com-
mittee was for an inquiry into the facts. It ap-
pears that at a subsequent day, January, 10,
this motion was agreed to, and on the 7th, of
February, more than a month after the presen-
tation of the credentials, Mr. Harris, from the
committee, made a report with the following
resolution:
"llesolved, That Benjamin Stark, of Oregon, ap-
pointed a Senator of that Sate by the Governor
thereof, is entitled to take the constitutional oath
of office."
This resolution was amended in the Senate
by adding thereto the words "without preju-
dice to any subsequent proceedings in the
case;" and so amended, was agreed to, Feb-
ruary 27, 1862. The oath was then taken by
Mr. Stark and he took his seat in the Senate.
Now, sir, I have been assured, and other
Senators about me have been assured, by more
than one gentleman from Tennessee, that Mr.
Patterson acted as a judge under the rebel
authorities, and in that capacity he took the
oath of allegiance or some equivalent oath to
the rebel government. In holding office under
the rebel government he has, of course, dis-
qualified himself from holding a seat in this
Chamber; at least until the existing law of the
land has been changed. Under these circum-
stances, and following the approved precedent
of the Senate, I have submitted the motion
which is now before you.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the motion?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that these credentials be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary, charged to make
the inquiry namedJjy the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts.
Mr. JOPINSON. I was not fortunate enough
to hear what the inquiry was.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts can state it more
clearly than the Chair.
Mr. SUMNER. The inquiry is whether
the gentleman can take the oath required by
the law.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is that a legal question,
Mr. President? I do not see that the Judi-
ciary Committee are peculiarly fitted to decide
that question. It is a question that the party
must decide for himself, subject to the respon-
sibilities of making intentionally an incorrect
decision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask what the resolution
in regard to the State of Tennessee says. I
think it declares that when the Senators and
