.1282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
reply that they would gain nothing by being repre-
sented so long a? they nave not the ballot? Most
unsatisfactoiy reply t For who but the nation is re-
sponsible for their not having it? Who but the con-
queror shall decide what is duo to the brave men who
so essentially helped to make liim conqueror Y Surely,
it is not for their and his enemies to decide it."
"Unrepresented though the southern negro will be,
he will not be left untaxed, and thisthey understand
full well who favor the amendment which permits this
oppression. Our revolutionary fathers felt that tax-
ation without representation was just cause lor war.
But in this amendment their degenerate sons open
wide the door for the perpetration of thisflagrant in-
justice." * * * * a a v *
"How idle the hope, so often expressed, that the
tendency of things at the South will be «uch as, after
a very few years, to give her blacks access to the bal-
lot-box. Just the reverse will bo this tendency. The
indisposition to do them justice will be constantly
increased by the exercise ot absolute power over them.
This amendment adopted, and they will never get
suffrage, until a bloody revolution shall bring it to
them." *. a * t * * > i si-
"The nation still uneurcd, even by the very hor-
rid war from which she has just emerged, of her prido
of race on the one hand and her contempt and hatred
of race on the other, must, I strongly tear, continue
to drift on toward another and even still more horrid
wai—a war of r.u-eV * * * * "That
the Republican parfv was demoralized bv this great
mistake of the President is but too clearly indicated
by (his disastrous vote of tho House of llcpi cssont-
ntiveson tho apportionment amendment. Had the
President entered upon his high office with tho con-
viction burning in his soul, that 'aman's a man,'
however conditioned or colored, no tnich amendment,
nor anything in its placo^hort ot theinstautdomanu
for negro suffrage would have been so much as thought
of." * * * 'v "I do no( forget that the
amendment in question is ela.imed lo he a protest
against the cas(<> spirit. .Sufficient, however, tor its
utter condemnation is the tact that, instead of pro-
hibiting U permit-) the indulgence of this accursed
spirit." '• * *   i' ■>; •(
" I have spoken off ho crushing effect of (ins amend-
ment on tin* neiTi <>. Well-nigh as <lushing will it be
on tin; while Unionist at the South. His protection,
as vveli ^ (he negro's, unl il the great halt I e-day comes,
could he only m the negro's ballot. Hence he will
retreat to tho North unless he shall elcet to stay and
light by the negroside." * ''■* ' * *
" i notu'o that a common exeusenmong tho friends
of freedom for favoring this apportionment, amend-
ment is that we can get nothing better. I know not
how that may be. But 1 do know that we can get
nolhing inu-h wor.-e ; and that it would bo far better
to <r«'t nothing than to get this."
i have also presented lo tho Senate tho peti-
tion oft!eorgo 11. I>o wiling, Frederick Douglass,
and others, roprcMonting l.he colorcd race in
Washington, in which they give their opinion
of this proposition. They protest, again s.t its
adoption asoporatiiu> disfranchisement on ac-
count of race or color. They pray Congress—
"To favor no amendment of the Const i tut ion of tho
United Slates which will grant or allow any one or all
of the States of this Union to disfranchise any class
of oiii/.tuis on tho ground of race or color.''
They then proceed lo say that---
" I n t he (JoiHtil ut ion, as it now stinnls, there is not
a S( nl enre nor sy I l.iblecon vey mg any shadow of i ight
or authotiiy bv which any State laav make color or
race a disqualification /or tho c.vciciso of (ho right
oi duIfragti; and the undersigned will regard as a real
calamity the introduction of anv words, c\mes-iv or
by implication, tfiv ing anv Stale or States such power;
and wo jespeetJully Mihmit (hat if the ntneiidment
now pcndiugnhall h(  adopted it will enable any State
lo deprive any class of citizens of tho elective fran-
chise.
iSurli is 1 ho testimony of those very intelli-
gent representative-; of colored persons. They
speak with a peculiar authority from tho in-
terest which thev necessarily have in the ques-
tion. They speak for the freedmeu.
Mr. President, 1 do not, wish to argue the
main question again. I have said enough. The
Senator has reminded you several times how
ijiuoh. I am sorry to have trespassed so often
am! long'. 1 will not trespass now. Of
course there is a radical difl'ereiu'o between the
Senator and mysidf. We see opposite things
when we look at this proposition. And permit
mo to sav we see opposite things when we look
at. the Constitution itself. I cannot accept his
interpretation. 1 do not believe that under tho
Constitution even as il exists the disfranchise-
ment of a considerable portion of fellow-citizens
is consistent with a republican government.
Still further, I do not believe that "color'" can
be a u qualification " ior an elector. lie does.
And here is a point of divergence which carries
lis far apart.
I have listened to all that has been said. 13ul
the proposition h to me as obnoxious as ever.
I cannot see it otherwise. Feeling that Caste
and Disfranchisement on account of color are
utterly irreligious, flagitious, andunrepublican,
you must pardon me il' I exert myself to pre-
vent their introduction in the Constitution of my
country, especially at a moment when we are
uuder such obligations of gratitude to these out-
casts. and when injustice to them is so full of
peril to the Republic. 1 have spoken strongly;
you will pardon it to the ardor of my nature
and to the strength of my convictions. I have
fought a long battle with slavery, and I confess
my solicitude when I see anything that looks
like concession to it. It is not enough to show
me that a measure is expedient ; you must show
me also that it is right. Ah! sir, can anything
be expedient which is not right? From the
beginning of our history the country has been
afflicted with compromise. Jt is by compro-
mise that Human flights have been abandoned.
I insist that this shall cease. The country needs
repose after all its trials; it deserves repose.
And repose can only be found in everlasting
principles. It cannot be found by inserting
m your Constitution the disfranchisement of a
race.
This proposition can be fully appreciated only
when it is considered as the ottering of Congress
at this time for the protection of those to whom
we are under obligations, of gratitude. This
is our panacea, our Huliu of Gilcad for them.
This is what we are asked to do. And the
Senate has been warned not to give the protec-
tion found in the elective franchise either by
constitutional amendment or by act of Con-
gress; that such a constitutional amendment
would not be adopted by the people, and. there-
fore, we ought not to present it; and that
Congress has not the power to destroy inequal-
ity in political rights. Sir, I do not despair
of the Ilepublic ; L will not; I cannot. But
if ever I were disposed to despair it would be
when listening to such arguments and excuses.
The people arc in advance of us and will sus-
tain us if we are courageous. They will adopt
any constitutional amendment that ought to be
adopted. They will adopt anything that is
true, just, and noble for the protection of ben-
efactors and to curry out the principles of our
.Government. They will sustain any legisla-
tion having the same object. This is what they
expect. Jt is what the frcedmcn expect. It
is what tho Unionists of the South expect.
They do not wish to be surrendered to the ten-
der mercies of the rebels. They ask Congress
to protect them. And they see that this can
be done only by giving the ballot to tho freed-
men. I have in my hand a letter from a Union-
ist of Alabama addressed to another and re-
ceived ouly yesterday, dated February 2-3, and
written in the very heart of Alabama, who thus
speaks of this very question :
"All men of common sense tmibt now see that, there
can now ho no loyal civil governments in these States
ilthc negroes are not permitted to neutralise with their
votes the votes of rebels. On this account I do hope
tho joint resolution recently introduced in the Senate
by Mr. Sumxer will prevail. Whatever may hove
been oui former notions in legard to tho nc?ro, it is
now very evident that practically they are bettor cit-
izens than the majority of whites in some portion of
the rebel States. The Declaration of Independence
is the trno and just basis upon which these Stato gov-
ernments must be founded."
Such is the voice of a Unionist of Alabama.
Tie looks to Congress. God forbid that Con-
gress should abdicate its beneficent powers.
They are all needed for the safety and welfare
of the ilepublic. 1 cannot, I dare not help in
any such abdication.
Mr. WILSON. T do not propose, Mr. Pres-
ident, to continue this debate, but as the au-
thority of Mr. Gerritt Smith has been quoted
to-day, i propose to state a fact to show how
much the opinions of that gentleman should be
permitted to guide the counsels of the Congress
of the United States. There is no man living
for whose motives I have more respect than 1
have for the motives of Gerritt Smith ; hut I
cannot forget that when we proposed to amend
the Constitution so as to make it forever im-
possible that there should be a slave in the
United States of America, that gentleman, in-
fluenced by the theory which he and a few
gentlemen had held for matiy years, that the
Constitution did not permit the existence oi
slavery within the United States, publicly op-
posed that amendment to the Constitution of
the United States. Congress, however, not
holding to that theory, proposed an amend-
ment to the Constitution forbidding slavery;,
the American people sanctioned that amend-
ment; it is now in the Constitution of our
country, and slavery has forever ceased to exist
in America. Now, when the authority of Ger-
ritt Smith is brought into the Senate to guide
our action, I remind the Senate and the coun-
try of his course on the constitutional amend-
ment; and I ask the Senate and the country,
where, in God's name, would be the former
slaves in this land if the counsels of Gerritt
Smith had governed Congress two years ago.
There are gentlemen now who have got a
new theory up, and have about as many fol-
lowers as Gerritt Smith had two years ago in
his notion that slavery could not exist under
the Constitution; and impelled by that theory,
they oppose tlie amendment proposed to the
Constitution by the committee of fifteen, when
every man in America knows that if it were to-
day in the Constitution that provision would as
surely enfranchise the black men as the amend-
ment already adopted has emancipated them.
I do not question anybody's motives; I do not
choose that anybody shall question mine ; I
choose to exercise my own judgment in this
matter; and I think I understand it quite as
well as Mr. Gerritt Smith understands it.
Sir, I do not propose to continue the debate.
Tf I know myself to-day, I would go to the scaf-
fold joyfully before the sun goes down if I could
put this proposed amendment, into the Consti-
tution of my country; for if it were there, there
would be but one result and one end to it, and
that is the enfranchisement of every black man
within the bounds of the United States. Be-
lieving so, I vote for it. That is the motive
that governs me ; and I believe it to be the mo-
tive of those who proposed it, the motive of
those who advocate it here, and the motive of
ninety-nine out of every one hundred of the
men who sent us here; therefore I give my vote
for it cheerfully and joyfully; and I never gave
a vote in my life, not even for the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, with the same
clear conviction of a sense of public duty.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, it was
my pride to have served in the public councils
with Gerritt Smith, whose name has been men-
tioned on both sides of this House, and of whom
I can speak particularly, lie was a man known
for his truth and for his love of human liberty,
lie was wise enough to have learned a lesson
taught by the ablest man I think our own coun-
try has produced, that you have to climb up
from the concrete into the abstract; and he
always said that while he advocated certain
abstract propositions he did not expect to see
them realized in a day. lie knew he was in
advance of his age; he was willing to be so;
he sought no office. That was his position, as
he stated it to me and as it has been developed
in his public life. So much for him whom I
respect and of whom I desire to speak respect-
fully, for he is a noble man.
Indulge me in another word. Since the
Master of the universe said, "Let there be
light, and there was light;" since He cast the
spheres into action, from the earliest times,
there have been rulers, He being the Great
Ituler^and where there are rulers there must
be subjects. The highest organizations of the
world have had the ruling of mankind sub hind.
The Senator from Massachusetts talks about
universal peace. What is universal peace?
Universal stagnation; no life; a dead sea where
no life is. I will not make a speech now, but
I say that universal peace is universal death,
because it is motion, life, .antagonism, that
carries on the world of life. I object to the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri; and
now 1 wish to say a word simply on the amend-
ment of the Senator from Wisconsin.
The Constitution as it stands, in assessing
direct taxes, would charge Iowa with as much
