THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 27,
tiVar localities are found, every one of them,
for it? Why is it that my friend from
Portiand, [Mr. Ltxch,] and all those who
come from the line of latitude on which this
r6ad is to run, favor it? Why is it? Is it
because they love this great country more than
profit? Why is it that certain gentlemen from
Pennsylvania, who are ,terfg&geff in certain in-
terests, are so dee^ly'intefssted in this work?
Of course it is because they look upon it as a
national woritl;it"is'not because it would pro-
riote^ertainjbir&nches of business I Look at it.
-t : i   _:_u<
is the connection? " Is it the right to have the
business of the New York Central, or the
Michigan Central, or of any other road carried
o'ver this line? No such thing. The men who
control the charter will make the business with
the West go-over the Grand Trunk railroad
of Canada.
Let it go to Portland over the very roads
tfiat these distinguished and honorable public-
spirited men from Vermont and New Hamp-
shire represent. They, of course, are not
influenced by any such considerations; not a
whit of it. They are too honorable and high-
minded to burden this nation with a view to
local advantages and local benefits ; I do not
believe they would do it; not a word of it.
And do gentlemen suppose that Boards of
Trade, composed of the material that we know
they are composed cf, are ever influenced by
any other consideration than love of country?
Why, no sir, never.
Men engaged in the iron interest are anx-
ious, of course, t,o make railroad iron. But it
is not in their special interest, of course, that a
bill is introduced here to bind these railroad
corporations to buy their iron of them. Yet
this road is to be built of American iron, cost
what it may, and however great may be the
demand for it. But that of course will not
weigh a straw in the estimation of my patriotic
and truly honored friend from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Steye.ws, j for I do honor him.
Now, I beg him to believe me when I say
that this country docs not want this increase
of liabilities at this time. Whether we pay the
money or not, it will stand against us on our
books; it stands there as a mortgage, and he and
others will find that when we have once com-
mitted ourselves to this thing they will so man-
age the business of the road that the quarter of
the gross earnings which we are to receive will
be very small. The great part of the earnings
will be absorbed by the Grand Trunk road and
the Vermont line; there will be very small
earnings for the west end of the road, espe-
cially as that west end is eighteen hundred
miles long. How many stations would there
be 011 the western portion of the road? None,
except on the Missouri river, until you get to
the Pacific.
There is no population along the proposed
line of road. 1 asked a friend what was the
population, and he told me it was literally
nothing. And there aie but few villages on
the Pacific coast. Now, what kind of freight
can be carried eighteen hundred miles over a
road that will pay for the carriage after it has
reached the market? Not grain and corn, for
it now takes three bushels of corn to pay for
transporting one bushel from Illinois to Buf-
falo. I am proud of the railroad system of
the United States: I am in favor of it; I have
helped to build some, to my sorrow. And I
have learned this: that there must be a large
way business, a large population along the line
of the road to make a road pay.
My friend from California [Mr. Bidwell]
says that tliev want competition to keep down
the rates of freight to the Pacific. Now that
is a beautiful idea; I will treat it more respect-
fully, and say that it is an honest idea.- But
you will find that where there are two parties
to divide the profits, they will always manage
to have a little higher rates of freight. I chal-
lenge gentlemen to show me an instance where
competition has put down freights for any
length of time. Those corporations will not
eoiiipete long. If the men who manage
them evet do carry on a competition from per-
sonal animosities for any length of time, those
who are interested behind them will turn them
out and put others in their places who will
better attend to the interests of the parties.
Now, you may build another road to the
.Pacific; but by the time it is done the mana-
gers of the two roads will get together and drink
champagne^ and conclude that rates of freight
must be raised a little higher. _ That is so ; I
have tried it, and it has been tried on me.
Gentlemen argue, why not give this land,
which is worth about as much as the blue sky?
Sir, it is too good to give away to a set of cor-
porators who will thus have eighteen hundred
miles of monopoly through the best mining
regions of America, I am told. Sir, all know
how this thing works ; there is not amine there
but what if I own the railroad I own the mine,
and you know it. If you have a coal mine or
an iron mine or a gold mine, and I control a
railroad, I will take all the profits of the mine
for transportation.
Sir, -there is not in this bill a syllable which
will enable the Government to control the
manner in which this company shall do their
business. The whole thing will be under the
control of the corporation. Sir, when I con-
clude to vote for allowing Sir Morton Peto
and his associates or any association or com-
pany eighteen hundred miles of the territory
for which my countrymen have fought and
bled, and many of them died, I will let yon
know. Sir, what do you suppose would be
thought of such a vote among my constituents,
who have sent here their petitions signed by
thousands of names asking to be relieved from
the oppression which they have suffered from
railroads in Illinois? Why, sir, the railroads
of Illinois have competing lines. How is it,
then, that they oppress the people? Sir, it is,
as 1 have said, through the medium of cham-
pagne.
So far as concerns the power which will be
wielded by this company, it is immaterial
whether we give them twenty miles or forty
miles along the line of their road. I know
that this is merely an entering wedge. They
will eventually exercise a power which nothing
but the building of a competing line can break.
Sir, if this bill be passed it will be equivalent
to a deed of cession to these corporators for
all this land. They will own it. The strong
man will keep the house, and you can go in
and ont only at his pleasure.
Mr. Speaker, I do not like to express my
opinion upon financial questions. But I have
always believed that so far as wo can we should
pay as wc go. I have accepted as a tolerably
good and sound principle the advice of the
Bible, "Owe no man anything." There is, I
believe, another passage of Scripture—but I
am not freshly read—which says something
about the impolicy of indorsing for others.
[Laughter.]
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It was
Ben. Franklin, I believe, who said that.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. 1 believe it was.
Now, sir, I have had some little experience
in that matter of indorsing for others; and I
have almost always had to pay the bill.
Sir, there is another consideration which
has its influence with me in reference to this
measure. I expect to vote, cost what it may,
for equalizing the bounties of those brave men
who in 1861 and 1862 volunteered in the mili-
tary service of the country, receiving meager
bounties or none at all, and served, many of
them, through the war. Cost what it may, I
am determined to vote in favor of paying them
the money to which their noble services more
than entitle them. They are the saviours of
my country. We owe them a debt of grati-
tude. We owe them more than brilliant words
and fine resolutions. This Congress has sat
now for more than four months, engaged in
great part in the discussion of questions per-
taining to the interests of particular localities.
We have as yet taken no action on that great
measure designed to pay to the soldiers a part
of the great debt we owe them. We are told
that it will be a very hard job to get that *
measure through; and doubts are intimated
whether it can be passed.
Sir, 'I receive letters from my constituents
saying that they distrust the intentions of Con-
gress. They rather begin to surmise that we
intend to give that measure the go-by. For
heaven's sake, gentlemen, do not ask me to go
home and tell them that, in preference to voting
for that measure, I gave my support to a scheme
for a guarantee of the national faith to the
amount of $57,000,000 for the benefit of some
gentlemen who are engaged in railroading. In
my section of country, I am sorry to say, the
people have not a very high estimate of men
of that character. I have suffered somewhat •
under the prejudice which 'they entertain for
persons of that description. I am seeking to
retrieve my reputation by a faithful, an inflex-
ible, fidelity to the interests of the whole coun-
try, regardless of all personal considerations.
I am going to die in that harness; and acting
on that principle, I am to-day standing by the
people of the West.
More than a million of these western people
—men who have served the country as soldiers,
as well as the widows of soldiers and the chil-
dren of soldiers—are to-day looking about them
anxiously to see how they shall got along in the
world. They find taxes heavy, business dull;
and I declare, Mr. Speaker, I cannot have the
heart to impose any additional burdens upon
them at this time.
Now, sir, when a railroad is needed west of
Lake Superior it will be built. There is no
trouble in getting a railroad constructed when
there is really a necessity for it. This has been
the experience all over the country. Hence,
I believe that this railroad to the Pacific will
be built without Government aid whenever the
interests and wants of the country justify its
construction.
I hope we will have all these lands back
again. I believe that the company has for-
feited its franchise because it has not complied
with the condition upon which it was granted.
Let us get it back by all means. As it stands
now it is equivalent to the cession of that
whole territory to this private corporation.
There are other views of this question1 to
which I would be glad to allude if I had the
time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has seven
minutes left.
Mr. HARDING, of'Illinois. Here is a rail-
road of eighteen hundred miles to be built from
Lake Superior to Puget sound. It is to have
this immense grant of lands and its stock is to
be indorsed by the United States Government.
It is to be controlled by these private corpora-
tors. Yet my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Kelley] talks about homes for the homeless.
I think the people will understand who are for
giving homes to the homeless. We do not
give homes to the homeless by granting away
in one act this enormous body of lands to a
private corporation. Nor do I see any neces-
sity of having a railroad from Lake Superior
to transport the emigrants from Europe into
those hyperborean regions where they would
find it difficult for them to live without having
the skins of wild animals upon their backs. I
know that to develop the resources of the West
we need population.
Now, sir, those who come from Europe need
not go away off into the Rocky mountains to
find homes, for they can be provided with
homes upon the beautiful prairies of Illinois,
and when those are overcrowded there is room
for them in the lands beyond the Jordan of the
Mississippi. It will be time enough for us to
think of settling the land between Lake Supe-
rior and Puget sound when we have brought
under cultivation the lands through which
roads already pass. What would you think
of a man who had only stock enough to work
his own farm renting all the surrounding
country? Yet such is the proposition we
have here._ Gentlemen are talking of popu-
lating millions and millions of acres of land
