218
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 12,
resolute citizen,knowingforwhathefought, and
fenerously letting the slave share with him the
onor, and bestowing on him more than his
share of the profits of the white man's victory
over his equal and the negro's master.
. FACTS—WHAT HAS BEEN DONE BY THE WAR.
This naturally brings us to a statement of
facts aS to what has been done by this white
man's civil war.
1. Slavery and abolition, twin curses to our
peace, have been abolished.
2. Rebellion has been put down, and seces-
sion made impossible hereafter.
8. The State governments reorganized in the
seceding States.
4. Equality before the lawsecured to the ne-
gro by the conventions of those States.
5. Union of the thirty-six: existing States and
Territories made perpetual by victory.
BENEFITS.
All the benefits resulting from this state of
facts accrue to the black and white man alike
in everything except the right to vote, which
is not a result of, and never was involved in,
the contest which has just been decided between
the seceding States and this Government. The
dominion over the different races on this conti-
nent belongs to the white man by right of eon-
quest, and he will only surrender it to a supe-
rior in arms. That dominion is scoured to us
by the elective franchise, which we have granted
to foreigners of our own race, as the highest
privilege within our gift, as a return to them in
sharing with us the task of subduing the savage
and establishing civilization in America. That
privilege has been made honorable by the glory
which is attached to American arms; by the
wisdom which marks American policy; by the
purity and simplicity which adorn the American
home ; by the security enjoyed under the pro-
tection of our laws; above all by the refuge
from military and hereditary aristocracy ex-
tended by it to the oppressed and unfortunate
of our own race in Europe.
AMERICAN CIVILIZATION.
American civilization, of which universal suf-
frage is the corner-stone, is not, as some seem
to think, a plan to overthrow European civiliza-
tion, but on the contrary to secure the blessings
of the highest civilization to the humblest emi-
grant from Europe in this Union. That was the
scheme of every European nation and language
which sought this continent, under whatever
pretext they may have disguised it, and with the
exception of a few instances in our history, has
been the fixed policy of the European race in
America up to the present. It is the great social
and political task now laid more heavily than
everon the people of this Union. Nor has the
dominion ol the European on this continent
been without a severe struggle. Each one of
the thirteen original colonies, and most of the
States formed since the war of independence,
bear a sad testimony to the danger and fatigues
he suffered, to the long vigil and wearying fast
he kept, on the rugged sea-coast and on the
desert plain, or in the still more inhospitable
forest, where behind every tree a red foe lurked
thirsting for blood. It becamc a war of exter-
mination, race against race, blood for blood,
merciless. Civilization, although fighting at,
great odds, hand to hand, foot to foot, drove
the savage before him, disputing every inch of
wilderness. And the white man of to-day en-
joys the triumph achieved by his race in this
prosperous and powerful Union. Scarcely was
this victory won over the red man when a new
element was thrown into the conflict of civil-
ization against barbarism. A philanthropic
priest, Bernal Diaz, induced the Spanish Gov-
ernment and the Pope to sanction the importa-
tion of African slaves as laborers. Indian slaves
and negro slaves alike bowed to the lash of the
white master from the land of the Pequod to
the Lake of Mexico. The dominion of the white
race was made doubly sure by dividing the labor-
ing class into blacks and Indians, from the in-
termarriage of whom a still more degraded ele-
ment has been introduced throughout Central
America.
The proud distinction which the white race
holds to-day on this continent it has held from
the first. It is certain to hold it, under all cir-
cumstances, with a master's hand. I have no
reason to fear for the result as between the races.
There are two beautiful groups in marble, one
on either side of the main entrance to the Cap-
itol. One commemorates the di scovery of Amer-
ica—Columbus displays the globe in triumph,
while at his feet crouches an Indian slave. On
the other side, a western pioneer is in a death-
grapple with an Indian warrior, while the white
man's wife and child and faithful dog watch the
fierce but victorious struggle of their champion
with their murderous foe, whose scalping-knife
was just sharpened for the innocent and weak.
Why should we, at this period of our history,
disturb the historic muniments and legal bul-
warks by which the white man secured and pre-
serves the mastery? AVhy make it necessary to
resort again to violence ? By the law of might
he first won his dominion, and by it he certainly
will maintain it if roused by passion.
CONFLICT OF RACES.
The conflict of the different races may never
take place in the same form in which it showed
itself at the beginning, but the conflict is inev-
itable whenever the white race is roused by anger
or suspicion. One of the most certain methods
of inducing a conflict will be, it seems to me,
by establishing equality, social and public, as'
the negro suffrage proposes.
Were I an enemy of the negro I would do
everything to hasten the period when the white
laboring classes of this country would feel their
instinct for self-preservation stronger than any
law, and unite their strength to drive the black
as they drove the red man out of their midst as
a pestilent and turbulent fellow, disorganizing
society and delaying the white man's progress.
I claim, sir, that this is a white man's Govern-
ment, founded by white men to preserve and
perpetuate the laws and customs of their race,
and to extend the blessing of their civilization
to the humblest creature. It is the glory of our
tolerant freedom that the benefits to be derived
from those law-s are shared by all the races and
colors of men. The negro race has been civilized,
slave though he was. by the benign cliaractcr of
those laws. The Indian to-day is the benefi-
ciary and stipendiary of this white man's Gov-
ernment. Hie stranger from all lands is wel-
come here to seek happiness, wealth, and liberty.
California is the chosen home of thousands of
Chinamen. N ew England is rapidly becoming
populated by negroes and their descendants.
While her white sons and daughters seek more
genial sections they invito the docile negro to
the hospitalities of a rugged soil and severe cli
mate. Kansas and the far western States shelter
the industrious tribes of the red men by humane
and wise laws. Yet, sir, I maintain that this is,
nevertheless, a white man's Government; the
dominion is his own, in emulation of the models
reared by our race, to mark their progress and
prompt a noble imitation, found strewn along
the highway of history, like the monuments
Itoman heroes left along the Latin way to rouse
their countrymen to deeds of daring conquest;
models for which we will look in vain in the
fetish worship of the African, or in the bloody
rites of the King of Dahomey and his brutish
Amazons, or in the inhuman practices of the
Aztec, or in the merciless aristocracy of the
Peruvian, or in the crude code of the cruel Iro-
quois or of the wandering Comanche. Although
the enjoyment of the benefits of our institutions
may be open to all men, still the dominion be-
longs to the white man alone. It is his Govern-
ment, to be preserved for his posterity in its
purity, and administered with toleration and
justice to all races of men who may find a home
among us. There is no obligation upon us to
surrender the Government into other hands,
nor is there any call upon us to share the hon-
ors of government with any other race whom
we may, from motives of policy, philanthropy,
or justice, befriend, protect, or release from
slavery.
What disgrace attaches to those refused, and
what injustice is done by those who refuse them .
the right to vote?
DISGRACE AND INJUSTICE.
If the ruling race hold dominion by just,
constitutional law, they commit no injustice
toward those who by that law are excluded from
the right to vote. As '' the people'' of the Uni-
ted States in the words of the Constitution, the
white race and their representatives in Con-
gress, merely execute the established law as
handed down to them by the first settlers of this
continent, and by those who founded the Gov-
ernment in the spirit and name "of independ-
ence, the white race fixes no disgrace on the
excluded negro or Indian by refusing to give
what they received in trust for themselves and
their posterity.
Nor does the fact that from motives of policy
and generosity the white ruling race admitted
negroes in exceptional cases to vote establish
the injustice of refusing to extend the same right
to any other or every negro in national affairs,
or at the national capital. In some instances
women have been admitted to the right to vote,
but that docs not fix disgrace on the fair sex
excluded by common practice from the right; it
is rather an honor to them that they suffer this
"constraint which sweetens liberty."
The right to vote is a political and not a so-
cial right. The requirements for an intelligent
and capable voter are limited to political .expe-
rience, political capacity, a good name, and a
legal a^e.
No disgrace attaches to students of divinity,
or law, or medicine who, being under age, can-
not vote.
Nor can the man who reads English vote any
more understandingly as to his political rights
than the man who speaks German but not Eng-
lish, yet reads Greek, or who can speak "all
the tongues that Babel cleft the world into,"
•and read no language but Hebrew, or be even
deaf and dumb, conversing only by signs and
reading by raised letters. If he be of age, sound
mind, of good name, he needs no higher merit
than being a male white citizen. He may or may
not be able to bear arms. He may pay no tax.
But why limit the right to vote to male white
citizens? Because this is a white man's Gov-
ernment. Because the majority of the people
of the United States have so established bylaw.
The sovereign will of "the people" has so de-
creed iu the Constitution. This.bill proposes
to change that decree.
RULING RACE.
The fact that all but the white male citizens
are excluded from voting in the municipal af-
fairs of this District, the seat of Government, is
a crowning proof, first, that this is a white man's
Government, and second, that there is a ruling
race recognized in the practice of that Govern-
ment. The history of the civilization now estab-
lished in this country, which has its center here,
proclaims the proof. The language and customs
of our people proclaim it. The laws written and
unwritten proclaim it. The organization of our
Government proclaims it. 1 he admission of
foreign immigrants of the same race to the same
rights as those of the original settlers in the
different sections of the continent, and exclud-
ing the negro and the Indian from voting in
many of the States of the Union, proclaim it.
Our literature, arts, and science proclaim it in
the names of the illustrious men who grace those
departments. This national Capitol, and the
beautiful works which adorn it within and with-
out., bear testimony to the identity of American
and European art, to the homogeneousness of
the white race, as well as to the close and
unbroken connection between European and
American history — the record of the white
race exclusively. On the majestic and graceful
colonnade at the main entrance of this Capitol,
the work of the Italian Persico stands opposite
Greenough of Massachusetts's colossal group.
Over the entrance to the Senate, the great work
of Crawford, son of an Irishman, tells in mar-
ble the story of American civilization—how
American Liberty crowns with laurel the white
sons of her race, while the "feather-cinctured"
