1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4163
Representatives take the oaths prescribed by
the Constitution and laws they shall take then-
seats.
Mr. JOHNSON. I was about to state that.
I supposed the whole matter was settled. Per-
mit me to ask the Ojiair whether the resolution
admitting the State of Tennessee which passed
the House is before it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised that it is not on tie desk. It can
be obtained, however, in a few minutes.
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to have it.
My recollection is in accordance with that of
the member from Ohio. It was passed with a
knowledge that Mr. Fowler and Mr. Patter-
son were both elected Senators. The only
question was, before the passage of this resolu-
tion, whether the State of Tennessee could be
received by her representatives on this floor,
and I considered that question as settled by
the passage of the resolution, not only in rela-
tion to the right of the State, but in relation to
the right of the representatives, provided they
took the oath.
I have got the resolution now. As it came
to us from the House the resolution was that
"the State of Tennessee is hereby restored to
her former proper, practical relations to the
Union and is again entitled to be represented
by Senators and Representatives in Congress
duly elected and qualified, upon their taking
the oaths of office required by existing laws."
These last words were stricken out, because
they were supposed to be altogether surplusage,
and only upon that ground. They were stricken
out, therefore, under the impression that they
in no way changed the meaning of the resolu-
tion. I supposed, therefore, the resolution to
say that Tennessee is entitled to be represented
by Senators upon this floor as well as any other
State in the Union, they, of course, taking the
oaths which the Constitution and the laws that
may be in force prescribe. But I am at a loss
to imagine in what possible way the Judiciary
Committee can decide whether Mr. Patterson
or any individual Senator can take the oath as
a question of law. He has a right to take it,
as I think, subject, as I stated before, to the
responsibility of sinning against the law or the
Constitution by taking a false oath. If he takes
a false oath he can be proceeded against, or the
Senate can proceed against him afterwards if
it deems it proper.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already read the
precedent of the Senate in the ease of Benja-
min Stark. I think the Senator from Mary-
land did not hear that precedent.
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes 1 did. I recollect it.
Mr. SUMNER. It seemsto me completely
applicable to the case; but I take it the facts
in this case are open as day. The whole case
is historic. I suppose there can bo no doubt
on the question. I might appeal to the Sena-
tor from Tennessee who is now upon the floor,
and whom we have all been so happy to wel-
come to his seat, to state the simple facts in
the case. They must be unquestionably within
his knowledge. On those I would like a judg-
ment of the Senate. It seems to me the Sen-
ate ought to act intelligently, with eyes open,
knowing what has occurred. If, knowing what
has occurred, the Senate thinks that the oath
can be administered at that desk to this gen-
tleman, it will be so administered; but if when
tj e facts are all stated to the Senate the Senate
'shall ho of a contrary opinion, then I presume
it- will declare in some way that the oath shall
not be administered.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, this is a mo-
tion to refer the credentials of a Senator to the
Judiciary Committee to inquire whether he can
take a particular oath. Why, Mr. President,
if the Judiciary Committee or the Senate either
can inquire and determine beforehand whether
a man can take an oath or whether he cannot
take a judicial oath, what is the use of the
oath? If he is incapable of taking the oath truly,
and the Senate so declare, may they not as well
declare that without the formula of an oath ?
The official oath usually looks forward, swear-
ing the incumbent thathe will do certain things;
for instance, support and maintain the Consti-
tution. This oath is retrospective; it looks
backward, and requires him to swear that he
has not done certain things. Now, if foe are
to inquire beforehand whether he can take this
latter oath, why not the right to inquire whether
he can take the former ? And in that aspect
of it, it becomes, I think, apparent to every-
body that such a motion and such a reference
as this is to do away entirely with the efficacy
of the oath itself.
I hope, sir, that these credentials will not be
referred for any such purpose, and that the
Senator from Tennessee will be allowed to
take his seat upon taking the customary oaths.
As to the precedent in Stark's case, there is no
resemblance whatever between the two cases.
There was a reference to inquire, not whether
Mr. Stark could take a particular oath or not,
but it was a question whether Mr. Stark had
been guilty of particular conduct which was
alleged to be in itself treasonable, and the Ju-
diciary Committee were instructed to ipquire
as to that fact, which is, I take it, very differ-
ent, entirely different, from this case. I trust
that the motion will not prevail.
Mr. FOWLER. Mr. President, my colleague
desires to give a full explanation of this matter;
he is perfectly willing that this step shall be
taken; he will satisfy all the Senate in regard
to the charge that has been made; and will be
very happy to do so.
Mr. HOWARD. I am very happy to be
informed that the applicant is willing that the
reference shall be made.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Senator from Ten-
nessee spoke in so low a" tone that I did not
hear him.
Mr. HOWARD. I understood him to say
that his colleague, the applicant now for a seat
in this body, is willing that the reference should
be made to the Committee on the Judiciary, to
make the inquiry suggested by the amendment
offered by my friend from Massachusetts.
Mr. FOWLER. That is the fact. He is not
only willing, but will be very happy, to make a
statement before the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. While I am up, I beg to
say one word, with the indulgence of the Sen-
ate. The act of 1862 provides that every per-
son appointed to any civil office, or elected to
the House of Representatives or to the Senate
of the United States, shall, before entering upon
the discharge of his duties, take the oath pre-
scribed in the act, and among other facts which
the applicant is required to attest to in that
solemn form is, that he has neither sought nor
accepted nor attempted to exercise the fun ctions
of any office whatever under any authority or
pretended authority in hostility to the United
States ; not only that he has not exercised the
functions of such an office, but that lie has not
sought to exercise them. So strict and so
stringent is the act of 1802. Now, sir, I infer
from this statute that the applicant in such a
case is not subjected to the taking of this oath
as a mere empty, unmeaning formality. I do
not understand that Congress referred it to the
conscience of the claimant, whether he would or
could take this oath. I understand the statute to
require that in each case the facts required to be
sworn to by the applicant shall be true in point
of fact. It would be a very idle ceremony to
require an applicant for office to take this oath
if he, and he alone, were to be the judge of the
truth of the facts required by the oath. In
short, I hold that under the terms of this oath
every individual is in point of law prohibited
as plainly as if the prohibition were enacted in
the oath, from holding any office unless the
facts stated in the oath are in point of fact true.
I hope, therefore, that the Committee ou the
Judiciary, when this case shall go before them,
will make a full and complete inquiry into all
the facts of the case for the information of the
Senate, showing us whether or not this appli-
cant has ever exercised an office under the con-
federate government, or whether he has ever
sought to exercise any such office, because if
he has done the one thing or the other it is
plain to my mind that he is prohibited by this
statute from taking a seat in this Chamber. I
understand—I shall not, of course, vouch for the
truth of the information—that this gentleman
not only sought a judicial office in the State of
Tennessee under the late confederate govern-
ment, but actually proceeded to the exercise
of the functions of that office and acted as a
judge under the authority of the rebel confed-
eracy. If that should turn out to be the fact,
however much I might esteem the personal
character of the applicant—-and as to that I
do not profess to have any knowledge—I should
be constrained to vote against his taking a seat
in this Chamber.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think that the motion 1
of the Senator from Massachusetts is not ex-
actly in the form that propriety would require.
The motion is to inquire whether the Senator-
clcct can take the oath required by law. There
is force in what the Senator from Pennsylvania
has said on that subject. I think the proper
direction to that committee is to inquire into
the qualifications of the Senator-elect, which
implies of course an inquiry into whether he
is in that personal condition which entitles
him, being properly elected, to admission. I
therefore move to amend the motion in that
way.
Mr. SUMNER. I accept the modification.
Mr. EDMUNDS. My motion is, that in lieu
of directing the J udiciary Committee to inquire
whether the Senator-elect can take the oaths
required by law, we direct them to inquire into
the qualifications of the Senator-elect..
Mr. SUMNER. I accept that modification.
The PIiBSIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is ou the motion, as modified, that these
credentials bo referred to the^Committee on
the Judiciary, with instructions to inquire into
the qualifications of the individual presenting
the credentials.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems to me that this is a
very important precedent that we are about to
establish, and I call the attention of the Senate
specially to it. Gentlemen appear before us
representing themselves as Senators from a
State which we all recognize as being entitled
to representation on this floor. A member of
this body rises, and v-ijhout any written decla-
ration on thepart of anybody, without making
any charges himself or becoming responsible
for any or introducing the name of a single
individual who is willing to become responsi-
ble for any, proposes that the introduction of
one of the Senators upon this floor as a Sen-
ator from that State shall be postponed until
the question can be determined whether that
man is qualified to occupy his ffcat. Heretofore
the case has always been that, prima facie, the
man presenting credentials was entitled to the
occupation of the seat, to cxevcisc the functions
of the office that his State elected him to ; and
if it was afterward discovered that he was not
entitled to occupy the seat, then itwasthednty
of the Senate, and they always exercised it, to
investigate that question through their proper
organ, the Judiciary Committee, and if they
found that he was not qualified, then to reject
him. If I should present my credentials on
the 4th of March next as a Senator from the
State of Iowa, would it be competent for a gen-
tleman to rise here in his place and say he did
not believe that 1 was able to take that. <>; t1.
conscientiously and justly, without pre-;'i'."""
any charges against me, and require myereil.
tials to be sent to the Committee on_ i'ie .iud:
ciary, and my State to be deprived of represei^
tation until that Judiciary Committee hhuuiu
make a report and the Senate should act upon
that report? There is no analogy, or very lit-
tle between the Oregon case and this. In that
case, if I remember, there were very responsi-
ble parlies who made declarations to a member
of this body charging the Senator from Oregon
or attempting to represent the State of Oregon,
with the expression of certain sentiments. _
Mr. FESSENDEN. There were affidavits.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, they were based on
