1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8208
tion were adopted by the several States in the
following order of time :
Now Jersey November 20,1789
Maryland December 19,1789
Noith Carolina December 22,17S9
South Carolina January 19,1790
New Hampshire January 25,1790
Delaware   January 28,1790
Pennsylvania March 10, 1790
New York March 27,1790
libodo Island. June 15,1790
Vermont November 3,1791
Virginia December 15,1791
being only cloven out of the fourteen States
then composing the Union.
As I have already stated, there is not a sin-
gle instance on record where any State ever
attempted to withdraw its assent, given to the
original Constitution or to any of its amend-
ments, and this of itself furnishes strong proof
of the correctness of the position for which I
am contending.
T would be one of the last members on this
floor, Mr. Speaker, who would in the least
jeopard the future peace and safety of this
great Republic by permitting a single one of
the States recently in rebellion to resume its
position in the Union without first obtaining
the guarantees we propose to secure and which
we have a right to demand; and hence if there
were any doubt upon my mind in reference to
this question I should not hesitate to say that
none of the late rebel States should be thus
recognized until such guarantees shall have
first become a part of the Constitution. We
believe that these guarantees are demanded by
the States who remained loyal to the Union in
our recent struggle. If this be so, of which 1
entertain no doubt, where is the cause for ap-
prehended danger to result from the adoption
of this amendment to the pending bill? Sup-
pose, however, that the loyal States refuse to
adopt these guarantees, thus decidingin favor of
a different policy of restoration, shall such re
fusal operate to the disadvantage of any of the
late rebel States? This would be so evidently
unjust that I, at least, am unwilling to advo-
cate such a course. Shall Tennessee or Arkan-
sas, for instance, be punished for the recusancy
ofJndiana or Pennsylvania? Suppose that with-
in the next two or the next live years all of the
eleven late rebel States shall see fit, in order to
resume their practical relations in the Union,
.to adopt these constitutional amendments, it
will then require only the assent of sixteen of
the loyal States to make these guarantees a
part of the Constitution. Are members of this
House afraid to intrust this question to sixteen
out of the twenty-five loyal States? For myself,
I entertain no such fears; to do so would be
to doubt the patriotism of the people who have
made so many noble and hcroic sacrifices to
save the Government from destruction, and
who are equally jjrepared to demand and en-
force proper guarantees for our future peace
and safety.
Mr. Speaker, I do not conceal the fact that,
personalis1.1 desired the adoption of more strin-
gent terms and the assumption of a more ele-
vated position than this Congress has assumed.
I preferred a position more in consonance with
the liberal spirit of the age in which we live,
and with those true principles of freedom and
humanity now rapidly spreading over the civ-
ilized globe, and which are destined to encircle
it as the earth is encircled by its atmosphere.
These guarantees are the result of a conces-
sion among friends having the same general
object in view, and in that spirit they receive
my assent. We have sent them to our people
for their adoption; let us recollect that in doing
so we have but taken one step, a great stop,
I grant you, in the right direction, and trust
that the work thus auspiciously carried forward
is not to stop, but to continue its onward march
until wrong, injustice, and oppression shall
everywhere disappear. The years numbering
from 1SG1 to 1800 are momentous years, and
will form one of the brightest epochs in the
annals of our race. Those years have wit-
nessed a struggle of unexampled proportions,
and a victory without a parallel. They have
witnessed the salvation of a republic whose
principles and whose power will be felt in every
land. They have witnessed the enfranchise-
ment of a race who had been in bondage over
two hundred years; restored not only to lib-
erty but by our recent action placed in the
possession of their civil rights, and who are
daily giving evidence of their appreciation of
the boon thus conferred. Our forefathers se-
cured liberty to themselves and their posterity ;
we have done more—more than they, more
than Grecian or Roman ever accomplished;
we have given liberty to others.
Let the American people see to it that in this
noble work no backward steps are taken.
UNROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GLOSSBIIENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolied Bills, reported that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enrolled
a joint resolution of the following title; when
the Speaker signed the same:
A joint resolution (S. II. No. 87) to provide
for the payment of bounty to certain Indian
regiments.
RAILROAD IN WISCONSIN.
Mr. DONNELLY. 1 ask unanimous con-
sent to take up Senate joint resolution No. So,
explanatory of and in addition to the act of
May_ 5, 1864, entitled "An act granting lands
to aid in the construction of certain railroads
in Wisconsin." I will state that a similar bill
has-been before the Committee on Public
Lands and has been unanimously agreed upon.
The matter is a purely local cine, and the del-
egation from Wisconsin are agreed upon it.
The joint resolution was accordingly taken
up, read the third time, and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. I now move to proceed
to business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
ALEXIS GARDAPIER.
The first business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 308, confirming the title
of Alexis Gardapier to a certain tract of land
in the county of Brown, in the State of Wiscon-
sin; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
MARGARET A. VARilAN.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 308, granting a pension to
Mrs. Margaret A. Farran ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
OFFICERS IN THE NAVY.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 2(59, to define the number
and regulate the appointment of oflieers in the
Navy, and for other purposes ; which was read
a first and second lime, and referred to the
Committee on Naval Affairs.
SOLDIERS' CONVENTION IN l'ENNSYLVANIA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
proceedings of a soldiers' State convention
in Pennsylvania; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and ordered to
be printed.
VIRGINIA S. WILSON
Mr. FARQUHAR, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution for the relief of
Virginia S. Wilson, widow of the late Captain
George W. Wilson; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
JOHN* GORDON.
Mr. FARQUHAR, from the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads, by unanimous
consent, reported back Senate bill No. 291,
for the relief of John Gordon, with a recom-
mendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes the Post-
master General to pay to John Gordon, mes-
senger in the Post Office Department, for
extra services performed out of office hours
during the administration of Postmaster Gen-
eral Campbell, any sum that be may believe
him entitled to, at the rate of $250 per annum.
Mr. BOCTTVVELL. I would like some ex-
planation of this.
Mr. FARQUUAR. It is a bill from the
Senate authorizing the Postmaster General to
make such increase to the pay of this messenger
as in his judgment he is entitled to, not exceed-
ing $250 per annum. The facts are that he re-
ceived $750 per annum as messenger, and that
he did extra service, while other parties doing
the same service received $250 additional pay.
Mr. P RICE. How far back does it extendi ?
Mr. FARQUHAR. During the adminis-
tration of Mr. Polk—four years.
Mr. PRICE. At $250 ayear that will make
$1,000.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Other messengers
doing the same service received that pay.
Mr. PRICE. It is all wrong, going back
so far.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts. I ask
the gentleman if messengers receive any higher
pay than $750?
Mr. FARQUHAR. My information is that
messengers performing at the same time this
same extra service received additional pay.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Several
cases have been before the Committee of Claims
of messengers asking for increase of pay on
the ground of having performed other service
than messengers. Their pay, 1 understand, is
Si50, but, m lpany cases tlicy have performed
the duties of clerks instead of messengers, and
accordingly they have come in alter having
performed those duties and asked for increase
of pay. Now, 1 wish the House to understand
this l'aet: that there are many claims of this sort
presented, going back three or four years and
m some eases six or eight, and that invariably
the Committee of Claims have reported ad-
versely upon them, and for this reason, that
the individual performing the duty of messen-
ger understood that he was to receive pay as
such, and was regularly paid the compensation
allowed by law. Now, if wc are to adopt the
principle tlmt the increase of pay is to be given
four or five years after the duty has been per-
formed, then we ought to do it in all eases, and
where the Committee of Claims have reported
adversely we ought to report favorably.
1 know nothing about this particular case.
I do not believe in singling out these particular
cases. This individual, 1 understand, was re-
ceiving a salary as messenger, and now you
propose to go back and pay him for four years'
extra service at ,$250 a year. You make a pre-
cedent. There are fifty cases of this kind in
the Post Office, "Treasury, and Pension Depart-
ments.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. We established
the same precedent yesterday in the case of the
examiners in the Patent Office.
Mr. A LLEY. 1 hope this bill will be passed.
I think this is a very just claim. The circum-
stances, I understand, are these : this man is a
very worthy person. He has been the first mes-
senger in the Post Office Department for many
years, and he is an exceedingly faithful and
competent man. He has performed extra ser-
vices, which we consider should entitle him to
an increase of pay to the amount of $250 per
annum. Ho has done it out of office hours,
at the express desire of the Postmaster Gen-
' era], witli the understanding that he was to
have extra pay. He has performed other
extra service in distributing stationery for
several years for which he has never charged
a cent, while others, who performed the same
service, have received extra pay.
This is a case of so much merit, and all the
persons connected with the Department re-
garded it as so just, that they told him ho ought
to demand this extra pay, and to see to it that
it was deferred no longer. lie accordingly
appeared before our committee, and after a
hearing they were unanimously of opinion that
the increased pay ought to be granted. I believe
every person connected with the Department,
considers that lie ought to receive a great deal
