1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
savage mourns over the grave of his people and
the desolation of his hunting-grounds. Hung
at the very portals of this Chamber, by the
genius of Kogers, of New York, in everlasting
bronze, is the tale of suffering and disappoint-
ment which Columbus endured before his inspi-
ration found utterance in the glad cry of '' Land
ahead!" on the coast of San Salvador. Then
"westward ho!" came therush of eastern men,
until the poet wrote out the sublime drama of
a disinthralled race, and foretold our Union,
and its might, majesty, and power.
"There shall be sung another golden age.
The rise of empire and of arts;
Not such as Europe breeds in her decay-
Such as she bred when fresh and young.
Westward the course of empire takes its way.
The drama is not ended. The German,
Leutze, by the permission and at the cost of the
American people, has recorded the last great
scene of this heroic play, and the rich sunset
of the Pacific coast at the Golden Gate marks
on your walls the limit of the white man's
dominion under the flag of this " Union in the
West. No negro race runs in a parallel line
across this continent in rivalry for this domin-
ion. Would that it had the spirit, courage,
and tenacity of will to emigrate. I would not
mar its plan, nor hinder its hunt after fortune.
But the artist, with the ajsthetic skill of his
nation; has introduced a negro into this great
picture—the happy, humble companion of the
white men's progress, carrying his fiddle to
cheer them on their way.
The decorations of this Chamber, the roof
emblazoned with American heraldry, and every
panel of the rotunda rich in the record of great
things done by white men—sometimes painted
by the hand of a native artist, sometimes sculp-
tured by the chisel of the European—all relate
the same unvarying fact, that this is a white
man's Government. The Indian, as he has
often been our equal in war, sometimes shares
the glories of our triumphs, yields to the wis-
dom of Penn, or rescues the sturdy seaman
from death to proffer him a bride—the negro
never.
The same story everywhere reveals the proud
deeds of our common ancestry as a white race
upon these walls, from pinnacle to foundation-
stone, proclaiming the proof of the white man's
sole claim to rule, and of his will and strength
to do so. This is all by master workmen, who
"builded better than they knew" in establish-
ing the right of every working man of their race
to have, hold, and enjoy, exclusively for them-
selves and their heirs forever, this citadcl of in-
dividual liberty, democratic representative gov-
ernment, and universal suffrage. The writing
on the wall tells this truth to this people, and
he who spurns the lesson it teaches deserves the
vengeance and the brand of shame truth bestows
on fanatical injustice and falsehood. Sir, I deem
the ballot, the bayonet, the steam-engine, and
the press, the powers of the nineteenth century.
Of these the ballot is the most typical of demo-
cratic liberty and strength. I claim it as such
for the white race against all the world ; and
jealously and zealously will I contend for its
exclusive use.
THE WHITE MAM'S GOVERNMENT.
This brings us to the merits of this bill intro-
duced by the chairman of the Judiciary Com-
mittee. The burden of proof of course lies with
its friends, whose arguments I will endeavor to
meet on the spot. This is not a question of
class, of caste, of rank, of language, or of color.
It is purely a question of race—the dominion
which a superior race of men has established
for itself over all surrounding or hostile races.
There may be many varieties and shades of color
of this race from different quarters of the globe,
but its identity is as firmly established as the
ranges of mountains which traverse the earth's
surface, maintaining their individuality from the
torrid to the frigid zone.
Sir, I uphold that this is a Government made
and maintained by and for the white working
man, the white masses of this country. If any
doubt exists as to the white democratic original
character of this Government this certainly is
a proper place and time to remove it:
Democracy of the Revolutiox op 1776.
"The social condition of the Americans is eminently
democratic. This was its character at the foundation
of the colonies, and is still more marked at the present
day."—jOe Tocqueville, vol. 1, p. 37.
"Still, the great proprietors south of the Hudson
constituted a superior class, having ideas and tastes
of its own, and forming the center of political action.
This kind of aristocracy sympathized with the body
of the people, whose passions and interests it easily
embraced; but it was too weak and too short-lived
to excite either love or hatred for itself. This was the
class which headed tho insurrection in the South in
1776, and furnished the best leaders in the American
Revolution. .
"At the period of which we are now speaking soci-
ety was shaken to its center. The people in whose
name tho struggle had taken place conceived the de-
sire of exercising the authority which it had acquired;
its democratic tendencies were awakened; and, hav-
ing thrown off the yoke of the mother country, it as-
pired to independence of every kind. The influence
of individuals gradually ceased to befelt, and custom
and law united together to produce the same result."
—lb., vol. 1, p. 38.
"ThcAmerican institutions are democratic not only
in their principles but in their consequences." * *
* *• " The people, therefore, is the real directing
power, and, although tho form of government is rcp-
rcsentath e, it is undent that the opinions, the preju-
dices, the interests, and even tho passions of the com-
munity are hindered by no durable obstacles from
exercising a perpetual influence on society. In the
United States the majority governs in tho name of the
people, as is the ease in all the countries in which the
people is supremo."—lb., vol. 1, p. l'J3.
At one time in our national existence the ques-
tion certainly was raised, and Washington, with
true self-respect, manly dignity, and pure pa-
triotism, put aside tho crown which a few mili-
tary aristocrats and blindly-ambitious citizens
offered to him. Like Csesar, he was offered the
power to enslave his country ; nobler and wiser
than Caesar, he spurned the insult. The hero
and father of American independence, he gave
back to the people the sovereignty he received
from them as dictator.
I believe no other instance occurs in our his-
tory as a nation which can throw a shadow upon
the otherwise unclouded title of this Union to
be ranked as a pure democracy. Washington' s
conduct in this matter is one of the most posi-
tive proofs in our annals of the existence of
democracy as a practical working system in the
confederation of States, over which during the
seven years' war of independence he acted al-
most as sovereign. Had the people not known
their rights, and had they not already been by
long experience educated to freedom,this Union
never would have been formed. The people,
not their leaders, founded and maintained their
own independence.
I would consider this statement as conclu-
sive, and rest my argument here as to the demo-
cratic character of this Government, but for the
manifest disposition of the present Congress
to cncroach upon the established character and
institutions of this Union and its founders.
Wo have new-era men, new-nation men, war-
necessity men, pcace-neeessity men, and cen-
tralization men. I wish to pitch the tone of
sentiment back to the old democratic cry of
the revolutionary eraof 177G, and even beyond,
far back to tho colonial history of this country.
Mr. Speaker, the statesmen of the revolu-
tionary era were not philanthropists, abolition-
ists, or negro-suffrage men. They were prac-
tical representatives of the white democracy
which fought out the seven years' war by them-
selves and for themselves, to establish a white
man's democratic representative Government
to be perpetuated in this Union. They were
practical politicians, dealing with every diffi-
culty with shrewd policy and admirable tact.
They mastered every obstacle with hard, sound
common sense. They were not abstractionists
as a body, and left abstractions to the few fine
writers and publicists among them. They
knew what the inalienable rights of man were,
but they never surrendered the material advan-
tage of slave labor to the inalienable right of
the negro. Why'? Because they knew by stern
experience that the negro did not himself
know what his inalienable rights were. He
had no political knowledge nor spirit of inde-
pendence as a race. In their view, independ-
ence, jmst won from the throne of Great Britaili
by hard blows and indomitable courage and
a French alliance, was something else than an
abstract idea—it was a very material thing
indeed: something to suffer long and keenly
for, to die for; something to claim for one's self
against kingly power with the sword of a hero,
and to maintain when won with the pen of a
genius, the grace of a wit, the skill of a states-
man, and the profound learning, of a jurist.
They knew all this from experiences. All
their wit and wisdom and skill united to de-
vise the laws regulating suffrage. Those laws
exclude the negro and recognize him as a slave.
Yet the negro had fought under the eye of
Washington, beside the heroes whose blood was
shed for the common weal of white and black
meu in the struggle for independence.
INALIENABLE EIGHT.
The Declaration of Independence asserts the
inalienable right of every man to life, liberty,
and the pursuit of happiness. I am a believer
in and supporter of that fundamental democratic
idea. The decision of the founders of this Gov-
ernment certainly does not favor tho profoundly
suggestive plan of depriving the agricultural
white labor of the North, East, and West of afair
chance in the cotton and corn-fields of the South
by giving away to freedmen the fattest lands and
best cotton-growing region in this continent.
Yet the negro had all the inalienable rights then
he has to-day. The inalienable right of the ne-
gro does not entitle him to vote in this District.
An inalienable right is one common to all creat-
ures and derived directly from the Creator; it
may be taken away by forcc, fraud, or accident,
yet never is lost; and may be claimed at any time
with reason andjustice, and is specially valuable
to man, in his relations with his fellow-man,
as a barrier against injustice and a power for
revolution. Justice fixes the relations of-all
conflicting rights in human affairs, reason es-
tablishes their existence, force controls their
exercise.
JM ow, there are many inalienable rights. Self-
preservation is the first, and is common to all
animals.
Tho pursuit of liberty, of a home, of happi-
ness, of wealth, ara each claimed to be inalien-
able rights of man.
A child sold into slavery may daim his right
to be free at any time in after life, and no just
law can deny him the right. But the first fact
to be ascertained on the demand of an inalien-
able right by a claimant, is, first, his free will
in making the claim; second, competency to
maintain it. So that if a man, woman, or child
be either incapable of exercising free will or
of maintaining life, liberty, or happiness, or
of using such life, liberty, and happiness in ac-
cordance with his own well being, or with that
of the society in which he or she lives, then
both justice and reason may hinder the exercise
of the inalienable right, under the very first of
all inalienable rights, self-preservation.
RIGHT TO VOTE.
The right to vote is not an inalienable right.
It is merely a manner of exercising the right
to be free, and belongs to a peculiar set. and
form of government; has its origin in and is
liable to the limitations of civil law. It is not
a natural right at all, and is in this country made
subordinate to the will of the majority, so that
women, minors, and aliens are excluded from
its exercise. Yet no disgrace attaches to them
in being deprived of the privilege to vote, nor
is any injustice committed on them. If the right
to vote be, as asserted by some, an inalienable
right, it naturally belongs to every human creat-
ure who lands on our shores, and should he
granted to them without limitation of time or
distinction of sex. This is denied by the friends
of negro suffrage.
Hon. B. Gratz Brown, in a speech delivered
at St. Louis, September 22, 18(55, says:
"There are those who seek to escape this conclusion,
and put the blush on all free government, by affirming
that the right of franchise is a purely politico,; right,
neither inherent or inalienable, and may be divested
by the citizen or State at will. The consideration be-
