1284
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
^There was a mutual agreement and a perfect
understanding on all sides. This question haa
been discussed here for three weeks, and it
seems to me that wo might as well proceed to
vote now as at any time. I should be pleased
to hear the Senator from California, but I have
to interpose some time or other.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator does not know
what I have to say, and I think he is presuming
a great deal on its merits by saying he would
like to hear it. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The point
of order made by the Senator from Iowa the
Chair must overrule. The Senator from Cal-
ifornia is in order. The Senator from Iowa is
no doubt right as regards the question of un-
derstanding—if (he Chair may he allowed to
\rse that term—but as it regards the rules of
the Senate, the Senator from California is en-
titled to occupy the floor as long as lie chooses,
on this or any other question.
Mr. CONNESS. I think if the Senator from
Iowa had hoard mo for an instant he would
not have made his speech. I appreciate his
feeling* and what dictates the speech ; but he
will. I know, acknowledge that I have not oc-
cupied one instant of the time of the Senate
in all the discussions that have taken place
upon these great propositions. 1 have voted
steadily, to use the language of oilier Senators,
with my friends, content, to vote and say
nothing. I rise now simply to say that there
are three or four forms of propositions before
the body and that 1 shall lie compelled 1o vote
seriatim against each until J come to the one
that 1 think should be adopted. I intended
simply to explain that I shall vote against these
propositions, not upon their merits ; but with
a view of voting them down if possible and
arriving at, the proposition which I think a
sufficient number of Senators will bo willing to
adopt as a part of the Constitution or as their
opinion upon that subject. That is all T in-
tended to say. J have listened to long speeches
here, some introduced to-day ; and, indeed,
sumo Senators, (if they will permit me to say so,)
not content with making their own speeches,
bring in here letters and papers written by
Others that we have all read, and wo are ex-
cluded from an instant of time even to explain
our votes. I did not intend, as (ho Senator
from Iowa will see, to intrude upon the under-
standing made by the. Senate.
Mr. CLARK. The amendment offered by
the Senator fiuin Missouri is an amendment in
the second degiee, and hence 1 cannot move
to amend it. 1 therefore, as the only course
left open to me. call his attention to hisameud-
ment thai ho may see whether it does not need
to be perfected. It provides that no State in
preseriliingthe qualiticationsrequisite for elect-
ors therein shall exclude any person on account
ot color or race; but suppose they discrimi-
nate against him on account of having been in
slavery and say that no man who has once
been a slave or who is the descendant of a
slave shall he allowed to vote, would that be
within this amendment?
Mr. HENDERSON. That would be, cer-
tainly.
Mr. HENDRICKS, Is not that in the same
language as the other proposition in that re-
r.p'-cf ?
Mr. CLARK. It is ; and when we come to
that I shall propose an amendment. 1 would
move fin amendment to this, but it is not- in
order; the only thing left to me is to call the
Senator's attention to it that ho may modify it
if he chooses.
Mr. BROWN railed for the yeas ajjd nays ;
and thev were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will state to the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire that my amendment,
although it may be adopted as a substitute for
the proposition ofth" Senator from Mnssachu- j
setts, will be subject to amendment afterward ,
in anything of that sort; it can be perfected •'
then.
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to make an ex-
planation. The proposition of the Senator
from Missouri is moved as a substitute for my
own amendment. Ho felt that it was necessary
to present it in that way in order to bring it
before the Senate, and I do not complain. I
am for his proposition, and therefore I shall
vote for it even though in voting for it I seem
to vote against my own. When his proposition
shall be out of the way it will be in order for
me to press a vote on my own or to urge my
own in some other way. I merely make this
explanation.
Mr. HENDERSON!. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts has a proposition which is a mere
bill and he can go for both ; he can vote for my
amendment very consistently, and immediately
afterward offer his bill and press it to a vote.
Mr. ANTHONY. Is the amendment of the
Senator from Massachusetts in order? Is it
allowable to amend a proposition to amend the
Constitution by striking it out and substituting
for it a bill, an act of Congress?
Mr. SUMNER. It is a joint resolution which
I propose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in the
form of a joint resolution. The Chair thinks
that, the amendment of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts is in order.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on Mr. IlGNDKitsox'tf amendment, resulted—
yeas 10, nays 37; as follows :
YHAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Clark, Hender-
son, Jlowo, Poitluroy, Sumner, Wade, Wilson, and
Vntos—10.
N AYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Comiess, Cow-
an, Cragin, Croswell, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle, Vessen-
den, Foster,Griniep,Cruthrio,llari is, Hendricks, .1 ohn
son, Kivkwood, banc of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
McDougaH, Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton,
Nie, Poland, Ramsey, Kiddle, Salisbury, Sherman,
Sonique, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
Wittey. and Williams—37.
ABSiSA'X—Messrs. Foot, Howard, and Wright—3.
50 the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion recurs on the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Sumxer.]
Mr. CLARK. I move now to amend the
proposition of the Senator from Massachusetts
by striking it all out and inserting the following:
linolned, <fV., (two thirds of both Houses concur-
ring,) That the following article be proposed to tho
Legislatures of tho several States as an amendment,
to the Constitution of the United States, which, when
ratified by throe fourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid as part of said Constitution, namely:
Article —. Representatives shall bo apportioned
among tho several States within tho Union accord-
ing to tho munbe of male citizens in each of twenty-
oii'.' years of ago suui upward, having tho qualifica-
tions requisite for clcetoi'8 of tho more numerous
branch of the Legislature, but each State shall havo
at least one KeprobCntative.
I have only to say that this is an amendment
founding representation upon voters.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not-hear it distinctly.
It has not been printed, and I dislike to vote
for a proposition without understanding it.
Let it be again read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Clark.
Mr. SHERMAN. Tho substance of that
amendment I should vote for with great pleas-
ure, but I suggest to tho Senator from New
Hampshire whether he had better submit it as
an amendment to the proposition of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts. Lot us have it rather
as an amendment to the original proposition
distinctly.
Mr. CLARK. I have considered that; andif
wc agree to it as an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts, then
it will comc directly with the original resolu-
tion face to facc. I have antagonized it with
the other two propositions.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I inquire of the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire if he has put in his
amendment a provision in regard'to the appor-
tionment of direct taxes ?
Mr. CLARK. I did not propose that.
Mr. WILSON. I think if wo arc to have
that proposition tried, the best form it can be
put in is the amendment proposed in the House
of Representatives by Mr. Schexck. That is
by far, Ithink, the best drawn of any of'these
propositions.
51 r. ANTHONY. I wish to ask if this
amendment, does not produce an undesirable
effect in the border States. The State of Mary-
land, the State of Tennessee, and some other
States have disfranchised all their rebel voters,
all those persons who have been engaged in
the rebellion, or in any way have given aid or
comfort to the rebellion. Now, if this amend-
ment is passed, those States having disfran-
chised about one half their voters will be re-
duced to one half their present number of
Representatives. It will be an encouragement
for those States to restore the franchise to the
rebels, and it will be a discouragement to other
States to follow the very good example which
they have set.
Mr. CLARK. I have considered that point;
and I will say to the Senator from Rhode Isl-
and that I do not suppose this amendment will
take any effect until 1870 or 1871, until a new
census shall be had; and by that time I hope
these States will be in a condition to be repre-
sented. The contingency is so remote that it
does not affect the question, I think.
Mr. CONNESS. In addition to that I will
say that it also presents as strong an induce-
ment for those States, Maryland, Missouri, and
Tennessee, which have deprived the colored
man of the right to vote, to extend the fran-
chise to him, and thus gain in their basis of
representation.
Mr. CLARK. I may be allowed to say fur-
ther to the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Wilson] that this is almost in the words of tho
amendment that Mr. Sciiexok proposed at this
session. It does not contain the whole of that;
it, leaves out some things which I think it should
not contain.
Mr. TR UMBULL. I merely wish to say one
word in reference to the amendment which waft
proposed in tho House by Mr. Sciiexck. The
amendment now proposed by the Senatorfrom
New Hampshire is the precise amendment pro-
posed in the House of Representatives almost
word for word, leaving out the latter part of
tho amendment offered in the House ; and that
can be regulated by legislation. It is not ne-
cessary to put it into tho Constitution of tho
United States that Congress shall go on at its
first session, after the ratification of the amend-
ment, and take a census. We can do that by
legislation. That is a mere matter of detail;
we do not want that in the fundamental law.
The rest of tho amendment is this proposition
substantially, and almost verbatim. 'This is a
little more distinct than the one which was pre-
sented in tho House of Representatives.
Mr. SUMNER. I would further remark that
the proposition of the Senatorfrom New Hamp-
shire is almost identically in the words of the
amendment which 1 had the honor of moving
here in February of last year, and which I also
moved again on the first day of this session, and
which has been much discussed in the news-
papers. I mention that to show that the lan-
guage of tho proposition of tho Senator has
undergone a very careful consideration, not
only here, but by the public in general.
Mr. SHERMAN. As this is a very important
question arid we should vote nndcrstandingly, I
will state to Senators that the proposition of the
Senator from New Hampshire is in fact almost
in the same words as the first part of the prop-
osition offered by the Senator from Wisconsin,
[Mr. DooLiTTi.it,] except that the proposition
of the Senator from Wisconsin bases repre-
sentation upon "electors" and this bases it
upon "citizens." The proposition now made
is substantially the one which has from the be-
ginning met my judgment, and I therefore shall
vote for it, although I would have preferred to
have it offered as an amendment to the prop-
osition of the committee.
Mr. EESSENDEN. I wish to say to the
Senator that if this is adopted as an amend-
ment to the proposition of the Senator from
Massachusetts, it will then stand as a proposed
substitute for the resolution of the committee,
and then we can go on and perfect the resolu-
tion of the committee, and after that the vota
will be taken between the two.
Mr. SHERMAN, To avoid complication, I
