1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2245
interest, which is stronger—with those of the
East, so that in the next half century, when this
.country shall count its hundreds of millions of
inhabitants, no man shall wish to break loose
from this great nation, this brotherhood of
freemen. Is there nothing in a consideration
like this ? Cannot my friends around me real-
ize its force?
I know, sir, that some western people think
there can be no western railroad unless it starts
from Chicago. '.That is a narrow view. I'do
not expect this railroad to start from Lancas-
ter or pass through Lancaster. I should be
ashamed if afty such motive should influence
my vote upon this great question. But I do
know that when this immense commerce comes
upon those great inland lakes, a series of lakes
more grand than the Baltic and the Black
sea, it will distribute itself according to the
enterprise and necessities of the different sec-
tions of the country. Some will go to Cleve-"
land ; some will go to Erie ; some will go to
Buffalo ; some will pass on below ; and what
is left will go to Ogdensburg Und thence iind
its way acrossNew England. I perhaps ought
not to speak thus loudly of a section of our
country which some have threatened to "leave
out in the cold." But it will affect them all.
The far-seeing men of that region are willing
to take their chance.
It extends the great thoroughfares from Erie,
from Cleveland, from. Chicago. We judge it
will establish such a system of railroads as
wiil be to the-interest of the whole country.
Greutlemen talk about speculators and about
particular sections. They would warp this
down to a speculation for building tip a par-
ticular section of the country. It is nothing
of the kind.
Mr. Speaker, I am not well, and I am afraid
that I have been somewhat diffuse. A man is
always diffuse when he is feeble, and always
feeble when he is diffuse. [Laughter.]
Now let me proceed with the consideration
of this bill. Two years ago a munificent
grant of uncultivated lands was made to this
company. What did we grant? Nothing at
all. By our general law any man could go
and take up any one of those sections without
paying a dollar. We only aggregated on the
same terms what individuals might take up.
We granted to this corporation what each
individually could have taken for himself under
our preemption laws. When we grant lands
to railroad companies we are not granting
anything the Government has, because the
Government gives it to every man who goes
there.
They say by this bill we arc incurring great
liabilities. What arc they? The amendment
of the bill provides that when they have twenty-
five miles of the road' built, avid only then, shall
the Government guaranty any money. When
they have built twenty-five more we are to guar-
anty more. We only guaranty the payment
of interest as the road is constructed. At the
end of twenty years all liability is to cease.
This road will pay every dollar of interest by
tolls alone. If it does not the Secretary is
authorized at the end of ninety days to" sell the
land.
The gentleman from Illinois caviled in ref-
erence to the section granting a relief from
taxation for two years, in the substitute I have
stricken it out. It provides that all the direct-
ors shall be citizens of the United States. The
gentleman is afraid we will have foreign capital
in it. I hope we will get capital from Frank-
fort, for by the contraction of currency which
has been provided for at this session wc may
need it. It is provided in the amendment that
the Government shall be called upon to guar-
anty for the first year fifty miles, for the sec-
ond year one hundred and fifty, third year three
hundred and fifty, and in 1870, five hundred
and fifty. If they cannot be called upon faster
than that, why no one will doubt that by 1870
the whole will be paid. The most that any
moment can be charged is 81,000,000. Yet
they talk of $60,000,000 .or $70,000,000.
1 know, from a distinguished source, of a
wagon road from Sacramento to the valley of
Nevada paying tolls on supplies from miners
of over one million dollars. When this railroad
gets into the valley of Nevada it frill pay three
times the amount suggested. Making one
hundred miles off or two hundred miles off
you strike the head waters of the Missouri,
and I say that the carrying trade—not to speak
of emigration—that the carrying trade to sup-
ply the miners of that country will pay twenty-
five per cent, three times over. Gentlemen
delude themselves, and try to delude others,
when they talk of loss to the Government. It
will be recollected all these things are in the
amendment I have proposed.
This is a road which will run all the year
unobstructed by snow. Among the informa-
tion I obtained when I was chairman of the
committee was that the buffalo went there to
spend the winter to get away from the Black
hills whore they staid formerly. I learned
that at Walla Walla, in forty-six degrees, the
mean temperature was precisely like that of
Washington. In the Willamette valley, in
forty-eight degrees, it was precisely that of
Philadelphia in forty degrees. And so on.
I am afraid that there is not time enough
left for the gentleman from Massachusetts.
Mr. Speaker, how much time have I left?
The SPEAKER. Ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. Now, sir, here is a road
that certainly never can be obstructed by snow.
It is a singular contrivance of nature that when
you roach about the forty-seventh degree of
north latitude there is a relaxation ofcold, and
a modification of climate. It is surprising, but
it is a fact, that more than four or live degrees
of latitude below that, it is much colder than
it is there. 11 is accounted for, as we all know,
by the warm breezes from the Pacific ocean
on that side of the mountains; and those
extraordinary contrivances of nature, the hot
springs, boiling at one hundred and twenty
degrees during the whole year, some of them
ten acres in surface, and heaped together for
about one hundred miles, so that the snow never
lies upon the ground there. There the buffalo
finds a winter home. There the grass grows
all winter; and there he lives and feeds when
driven from other and more southern latitudes.
These are strange facts to those who have not
examined into this matter. A gentleman who
has resided at the Dalles for seven years told
mo that last year from the mouth of Columbia
river to his place, a distance of two hundred
and fifty miles, there was no obstruction to the
navigation of that river by ice. No wonder
that my rcspeetable colleague is afraid of
rivalry with Philadelphia where the river is
obstructed four or five times every year by ice.
Sir, do not be afraid of such rivalry. You
have a noble city if you have noble men. But
I predict that when this road is built the city
of Superior, at the head of T.ake Superior,
will be the great city of the "West; for it will
have behind it eight States of fertile land and
noble and industrious freemen. I do not say
that it will be grander, but it will be just as
grand as other cities. Chicago will always bo
a noble and grand city; Philadelphia will be a
grand city, but that also will bo a great city.
Now, sir, I want the Central road built; but
we have already appropriated largely for that;
and I cannot understand how men who live
along that route, and are to be benefited by it,
can oppose this road. My friend from the
Cleveland district [Mr. Spalding] has made
violent opposition to this bill on the ground
of a want of funds. I thought I heard him
the other day advocating an appropriation of
50,000.000 for the construction of a ship-canal
around the falls of Niagara. Our funds have
fallen off very much since that time, which
was not a week a< o. I find, also, that my
friend from the Chicago district [Mr. Whxt-
worth] is willing to take $13,000,000 from the
Treasury for the Illinois canal. There is money
enough "for that purpose ; and that was an ab-
solute grant; whereas this is merely a grant of
credit.
Mr. Speaker, my time is very nearly up, and
I will not pursue the subject. I hope the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Basks] will
answer the question I put to him in regard to
these incorporators, and for that purpose I
yield to him the residue of my time.
Mr. BANKS. I did not exactly understand
the question which the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania put to me.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has heard
read the names of the directors of this road,
many of whom are from his own State. I wish
to know the character and standing of those
gentlemen in that community.
Mr. BANKS. They arc ccrtainly most
excellent men, among the best representatives
of the people of tho East, and especially of
the city of Boston. There are no more honor-
able men in this country ; no men more inter-
ested in the welfare of the Government and of
the people.
I could not, sir, in answering a question like
this, express the views which I entertain of the
interests of the eastern people in the comple-
tion of this work which has been under discus-
sion ; but if the House will allow me a little
time, I should like to make some suggestions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope
the House will give the gentleman full time ;
and will also give time to some gentleman
upon the other side to answer him.
Mr. PRICE. The only objection to that is,
that wo must take the vote on this question
to-night.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. So I say.
Let us vote now.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Bancs] has three minutes
remaining of tho time of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. "BANKS. I do not accept that. I desire
to say to this House that both of my colleagues
who represent the city of Boston are absent.
Scarcely a speaker has discussed this question
who has not more or less directly referred to
the capitalists of Boston, and especially to the
men who are officially or personally interested
in this road. It would be a very unjustrecord
to go to the country if no voice from that State
should be heard in explanation of the position
which those gentlemen occupy, and I think that
the gentleman who has this measure in charge
might at least allow time for that.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to ex-
tending the time of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
I object.
Mr. PRICE. I want to say to the House
that after the previous question shall be sus-
tained, if members are willing to remain here
longer, I will yield to the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Banks] nearly the whole of the
hour to which I shall be entitled. I have rio dis-
position myself to discuss this matter further.
Mr. CONKLING. Has the gentleman any
objection to allowing the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to proceed at his pleasure now, he
having the floor whenthegentleman concludes?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois objects to that.
Mr. OONKLING. It is not a point for ob-
jection. If the gentleman from Iowa does not
claim the floor the gentleman from Massachu-
setts can be recognized and can speak at his
pleasure.
Mr. PRICE. I do not wish to shield my-
self behind the objection of the gentleman
from Illinois. There arc fifty members upon
this floor who have been urging me to bring
this matter to a vote to-day. Now, when the
previous question shall have been sustained, I
shall have an hour in which to close the debate,
and if members are willing to remain here I
am perfectly willing to give the gentleman from
Massachusetts nearly all my time. [Several
Members, "That is right."] Then I now
demand the previous question on the bill.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to lay the bill
and the pending amendments upon the table,
and upon that motion I demand tlie yeas and
nays.
