1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4165
imagine the possibility tinder this precedent,
thal. hu or his colleague, coining from !he pa-
triotic State of Iowa, may find their credentials
called in question. Sir, the Senator from Iowa
in making that suggestion has forgotten for a
moment the history of the country ; he has for-
gotten that we have just emerged from a great
civil war; that the State of' Tennessee had
taken a part in that war, and that the very
question now under consideration is whether
the gentleman who presents himself for recep-
tion as a Senator was compromised by that
war.
If in the State of Iowa there should unhap-
pily be a rebellion, and if public report should
announce that our patriot friend had taken a
part in it to such an extent as to sit on the
bench as a judge and enjoy its commission and
swear allegiance to it, then if he should pre-
sent himsel f with credentials as a Senator in this
Chamber, I should think that we should be jus-
tified in asking an inquiry, and that is all that
I ask now. I take the case that the Senator
from Iowa supposes, but I add to it facts which
he omits; and that, permit me to say, contains
the whole question. If the case of Tennessee
now were an ordinary case, like the case of
Iowa, like the case of Maine, there would be no
occasion and no justification for any such in-
quiiy; but it is not an ordinary ease, it is a
case incident to the anomalous condition of af- .
fairs in our country at this moment. It can-
not be treated, therefore, accordmgto the ordi-
nary rule ; it is a new case, and to meet it we
must make a new precedent.
The Senator from Iowa was very much afraid
of precedents. Sir, 1 am not afraid of any
precedent which has for its object the protec-
tion of right. I have said we must make a new
precedent. Are we to confine ourselves abso-
lutely to the precedents of the past? Clearly
not. Just in proportion as new circumstances
arise must they be met by a new precedent;
and new circumstances have arisen nowand you
are called upon to meet them frankly, simply,
and in so doing to make a new precedent for
the future.
Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, thisisaques-
tion that does not concern the Senator from
Tennessee alone; it concerns the Senate; and
it concerns the law that it should be main-
tained. Honorable Senators seem to forget
that the right of a Senator to take his seat
does not depend on the will of this body. That
is a mistake which I wish to correct now once
for all. Senators upon this floor are the rep-
resentatives of the States of this Union; they
derive from the States their authority to sit
here, and not because we are willing to have
them or unwilling. When a Senator presents
the credentials of his State here in due form,
that is a decision of the State that he shall take
his seat, and by that decision we are bound.
Mr. SUMNER. Are we not the judges of
the elections and qualifications?
Mr. COWAN. We are the judge of the
elections, the qualifications, and the returns;
but we cannot go any further; we cannot su-
peradd any additional qualifications, nor can
we come to the conclusion that we will reject
him because he is a bad man or because he
believes differently from us or has a differ-
ent religion or a different creed, or anything
of that kind. We must take him because he
is the chosen representative of the State send-
ing him; and if the State cannot send whom
she pleases to represent her, then she is not a
free State, and somebody else has the right to
dictate to her who shall represent her.
Wheik a Senator presents here credentials in
due form, there being no objection to his elec-
tion, no objection to the return, and he offers
to qualify, he is entitled to take his seat; and
why? The honorable Senator from Illinois
might have followed with great profit the anal-
ogy that he started upon. He admits that in
the organization of a body of this kind, a rep-
resentative ^md deliberative body, unless the
credentials were prima facie and unless the
members were allowed to take their seats upon
those credentials, never could be organized;
organization would be utterly impossible.
Again, he might have said that unless members
come here and take their seats prima facie
upon the credentials this would be a close cor-
poration ; this would be a body, once in the
hands of a particular majority, always in the
hands of that majority, and you could never
break it. How would a minority of this body
ever become the majority if the existing major-
ity at the very threshold can say to a man upon
his credentials, "You cannot have a seat?"
That is to mistake two different functions—
entirely different functions. After a man takes
his seat, if it is found that he has been guilty
of any crime, any offense, any violation of that
which is essential to the good order of the
Senate, then two thirds may expel him, but it
requires two thirds, and that is the security of
the body.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Will the Senator tell us
first, what he considers to be included within
the term "qualifications" of which we are to
judge, and, second, whether we cannot right-
fully judae before we admit the member?
Mr. COWAN. You may decide upon the
constitutional qualifications before you admit
the member. I suppose you would have a right
to inquire whether he was thirty years of age,
whether he had been nine years a citizen of the
United States, whether he resided in the State;
but you cannot go outside of the constitutional
qualifications.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Can we not inquire
whether lie has been a traitor?
Mr. COWAN. No, sir ; you cannot inquire
whether he has been a traitor or not, because
to inquire into that is to inquire into a fact, and
a fact over which a majority of this body has
no jurisdiction whatever. W'hen I am charged
with a crime I have a right to be tried by a
court having jurisdiction. I have no right to
be convicted by part of the jury. According
to the common law the whole of the jury must
agree to my conviction; and if I am charged
with a crime in the Senate, two thirds of the
Senate must agree, and not one half or one more
than one half; and that is just the difference,
I can state to the honorable Senator from Ver-
mont. This is an attempt on the part of a
majority of the Senate to usurp a function
which only belongs to two thirds.
Mr. EiDMUNDS. But we do not usually
put a prisoner into the jury box in trying the
question of his guilt.
Mr. COWAN. Whether you put the prisoner
into the jury box or not in trying the question
of his guilt, it does so happen when the repre-
sentative of a sovereign State here in the Sen-
ate is put on trial, he is in the jury box and lie
sits in his own case, ana he has a right to be
heard upon it, and I think he has a right to vote
upon it, although that may be a disputed ques-
tion ; but he unquestionably has in every as-
sembly of this kind the right to be heard and
a right to be heard here as a Senator.
It just brings itself down to this precisely:
can a majority of this Senate, at the threshold,
as in this case, prevent the admission of a mem-
ber from a State in this Union. If they can,
then, as I said before, it just comes to this:
whenever a majority take .possession of the
body, if they are disposed to override the law
and to trample the Constitution under foot,
they may keep themselves in power just so long
as they are derelict in their duty to the Consti-
tution. Now take this case ; prima facic.^ the
honorable Senator from Tennessee is entitled
to his seat here ; he takes his seat; but it is
alleged after he has taken his seat that he has
sworn falsely, for instance, in taking the oath
that we have imposed here, the test oath.
Upon that inquiry, he has a right to resolve
the Senate into a judicial tribunal for the pur-
pose of trying the fact; and nobody else can
try it, and it requires two thirds of the Senate
to expel him.
I trust Senators will see that this is a most
important difference; one that is vital to the
very constitution of the body ; and the honor-
able Senator from Iowa well said we are mak-
ing a precedent here which may meet us at
some future time upon presenting ourselves to
the body. Where is the necessity forthis? Where
is the necessity for violating the rule? It has
been said that the House adopted another rule.
I was informed immediately after by the chair-
man of the House Committee of Elections that
they did the very reverse; they adopted the
rule that the credentials were prima facie; and
the credentials are prima facie, in the House:
then the case is referred to the Committee of
Elections, and the parties are heard, and the
person having the prima fade credentials is
the sitting member until the House determines
the contrary.
Then I hope, sir, that this member from
Tennessee will be sworn and admitted to his
seat here. If he has done anything which,
under the law, would justify two thirds of the
Senate in expelling him, let two thirds, then,
expel him; but let us preserve intact the insti-
tution itself; do not let us put a mine under it
to blow it up, perhaps about our own ears, with
the whole fabric along with it. Nothing can
be clearer to me than that if the majority are
allowed to keep out men who they think ought
not to come in, there is an end of liberty, there
is a usurpation of the whole on the part of that
majority; and it is no better (and only differs
in the means used) than when Colonel Pride,
with a troop of dragoons, went into the Eng-
lish Parliament and drove out all hostile to the
majority. This is done by another means; that
was done by actual force; but both tend to the
same end, and that is, to keep the existing ma-
jority always in possession of the body. If
you can meet the Senator from Tennessee upon
the threshold here, as he is met, why can you
not meet the Senator from Iowa or any other
Senator in the same way? It behooves us to
consider the fluctuations of fortune here. Those
in the majority now may not be in the majority
the next year or the year after, or two or three
years from now. There may no trouble como
from the usurpation of this power for ten years
or for twenty years, but as wo have received
the law and the Constitution, and as we are the
guardians of the institutions of the country, we
ought to preserve them for those who como
after us. We ought not to lay violent hands
upon them in this way.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On some reflection, I
think the Senator from Pennsylvania is right in
the position which he has taken. The iaw and
the rule of the Senate require that the oath
shall be taken as a condition to the right to
occupy the seat. If the proposed member takes
the oath, then under the law and the rule of the
Senate he is entitled to his seat. The condi-
tion of the law and of the rule is complied with
thus far. But if in the taking of the oath he is
false, I would be unwilling to sit with him. I
should regard itas an offense to theSenatethat
in taking the seat a man had taken a false oath,
and should with a majority of two thirds join
for his expulsion.
But, Mr. President, I think this question goes
further and deeper than that question, which is
one of technicality rather. I understand the
charge is that the person who presents him-
self as a Senator from the State of Tennessee
occupied the position and office of judge during
the rebellion in that State. Now, I submit to
Senators that this may be within the letter of
the law but it is not within the spirit of the law,
nor within the spirit of the rule of the Senate.
It is not in the nature of things a crime of any
grade to hold and exercise the powers of a judi-
cial office under a government de facto. It
cannot be attributed as a wrong to a man that
under a government de facto, however great a
usurpation that government may be, he holds
a judicial office. Theholdingofajudicial office
is not giving aid and comfort to a rebellion. _ It
is a commendable thing that a man shall faith-
fully discharge the duties of a judicial office
anywhere and at any time. A political office
or a military office in a government de facto set
up against the rightful government is a very
different thing. In the exercise of a political
or a military office a man gives aid and comfort
to the government de facto.
