1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL - GLOBE.
king." That he ought not to have until lie
shows himself "every inch a king."
"Who would bcfrce, themselves must strike the blow,"
" Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and
some have greatness thrust upon them."
We are opposed to thrusting honor on the
negro. He is to-day, as a race, as dependent
on the power and skill of the white race for
protection as when he was first brought from
Africa. Not one act of theirs has proved the
capacity of the black race for self-government.
They have neither literature, arts, norarms, as a
race. They have no code of laws,_ no original or-
ganized form of Christian worship. They were
introduced upon this continent at the time of the
Spanish conquest, in 1520, by express law for
their civilization, and have never during all the
changes of dynasties 01- revolution of States
risen higher than to be the helpers to the con-
tending parties. They have had the same op-
portunity as the Indian to secure their inde-
pendence of the white race, but have never
systematically even attempted it on this conti-
nent, although they have boon educated with
equal care and in the same schools as the white
man. Their race has been subject to the white
man and have submitted to the yoke. The race
which rules and is to continue to rule this Union
submits to no yoke, nor will it have a divided
dominion with a servile race. It would be
treachery to the trust reposed in us to do so,
and fatal to democracy. All the rights vested in
a representative, free system of government
would bo in jeopardy.
AMERICAN SOVEREIGN.
The only true king possible among us is the
white working man. The monarchists clothe
their sovereigns with mythical names, saintly
titles, andgrandinsignia—St. George, St. Denis,
St. David. • But the American sovereign is the
white working man—on the farm, in the shop,
in the store, in the mine, 011 land, and at sea.
His diadem is the crown of care, his motto in-
dustry ; in his right hand the badge of his trade,
and in his left the scepter of his power,'' the bal-
lot." His title is the inalienable right to live free
and equal, based 011 the strong works, on the
great deeds of virtue, on the spirit of independ-
ence, on the untiring enterprise of his race, and
on his own resolve to acknowledge no master but
the law and his God. Other kings are Most Cath-
olic, MostChristian, DefenderoftheFaith, Most
Pious, and Jlost Mighty, and most nearly any-
thing. The American popular sovereign is Most
Democratic. He shares his dominion with no
other potentate, race, or power. The negro-
sufl'rage bill proposes to limit his exclusive right
to rule by establishing the spurious claims of the
black prince, clothed in all the majesty of the
golden fleece, fobbed from the carcass of dead
King Cotton, annealed, housed, buried long ago
by the white working man's volunteer forces on
land and sea; while his gaudy uniform, tricked
off with lace, is emblazoned with orders of no-
bility granted to the swarthy Duke of Marma-
lade, Marquis of Sugarplum, and Baron of Daf-
fodil, by their sovereigns, Toussaint L'Ouver-
ture and Emperor Soulouque, two rich spora-
dic specimens of negro capacity for self-gov-
ernment.
The Indian was reduced to slavery by the
first settlers on this continent, from Plymouth
Bock to the Isthmus of Darien.
The northern Indian had every difficulty to
contend with in the severity of the climate and
ruggedness of the soil, and yet the legend of
the "Last of the Mohicans" is a romance of
the first order, displaying the elements of a
great character, wisdom in counsel, bravery in
war, and policy in the administration of their
peculiar government. To-day some portions of
the Indian tribes have adopted the civilization
of Europe, and are rich in the possession of
a language snatchedfrombarbarism and made
one of the written tongues of the earth. But
in all their tribes none of them have been found
willing to surrender his race to the dominion pf
the white man without a fight for mastery.
Conquered they may be, but cannot be system-
atically held in bondage, as the African has
been for generations. The slavery of the In-
dian is an exception and full of danger to the
owner. The slavery of the African is the rule,
safe and profitable to his master, and, if we
may judge by his conduct, acceptable to him-
self. Now, until the negro is at least equal to
the Indian, we should refuse him the highest
privilege a democracy can grant—the right to
vote, and with it the right to be voted for.
This may be prejudice, but it looks to be very
reasonable.
A FEW PERTINENT QUESTIONS.
In conclusion, this bill seems to me prema-
ture. Before surrenderingthe exclusive right
of the race to vote in,this District, lot me ask
a few pertinent questions, and urge an answer
from the advocates of this bill before its pas-
sage. "What gain would the people of the uni-
ted States experience by extending the voting
franchise to the negro race here or elsewhere ?
What necessity exists for extending this right
at this time' in this particular city? What ad-
vantage do the advocates of this measure pro-
pose to themselves by the passage of this law ?
What will be the effect of negro suffrage in the
southern States, first, on the white race; sec-
ond, 011 the negro; third, on agriculture, com-
merce, manufactures, and the progress of civ-
ilization? What effect will negro suffrage have
on internal immigration? What effect on for-
eign immigration to this city? What examples
have we in our own history of the repugnance
of the white laborer to compote with slave la-
bor, or its synonym, black labor, uneducated
and utterly dependent ?
Does negro suffrage if granted give the con-
trol of this city to the negro? Have we any
reason to anticipate that the dominion of the
black race in the southern States or here will be
an exception to the usual exercise of power by
an ignorant, dominant race, to the exclusion of
the rival races ? Iiow have negroes heretofore
exorcised dominion ? Does negro suffrage offer
a panacea t.0 the evilswhich belong to the pres-
ent and past antipathies and collisions between
the white and black races ? Does it not rather
put the black man in now danger? Does it not
make him an object of dislike to be put out of
the way of the white laborer of the North, East,
South, and West? What does General Grant
say on this question? What does the press
North and South say? What have we to fear
from the white race in this city? What have
wo to hope from the black race if allowed to
vote ? Will any law of Congress passed at this
time remove the future or the existing difficulty
which surrounds this question of race?
TOR BALLOT AND TUXVER AND TUB "UNIOX,"
EMBLEMS OP OUR RACE.
If, sir, it should ever be your good fortuneto
visit romantic old Spain, and to enter the for-
tress and palace of Alhambra, the fairest mon-
ument of Moorish grandeur and skill, as this
Capitol is the pride of American architecture,
you may see cut in stone a hand holding a key,
surmounting the horse-shoe arch of the main
gateway. They are the three types of strength,
speed, and secrecy, the boast of a now fallen
Saracen raec, sons of that sea of sand, the des-
ert, who carried the glory of Islam to farthest
Gades. In an evil hour of civil strife and bitter
hatred of faction the Alhambra was betrayed to
Spain. '' to feed fat an ancient grudge'' between
political chiefs. The stronghold of the race,
with the palace, the sacred courts of justice, and
all the rare works of art—the gardens of unri-
valed splendor—all that was their own of majes-
ty, strength, and beauty, became the trophies
of another.
The legend of the Saracen exile tells the story
of penitence and shame ; and to the last mo-
ment, of his sad life he sighs in the sultry des-
ert for the fair home of his ancestors, the gor-
geous Alhambra. We, too, are descended from
a race of conquerors, who crossed the ocean to
establish the glory of civil and religious liberty
and secure freedom to themselves and their
posterity. To day we are assembled in the Al-
hambra of America ; here is our citadel; here
our courts of highest resort ; around these Halls
cluster the proudest associations of tlie Ameri-
can people; they seem almost sacred in their
eyes. No hostile foot-of foreign foe or domestic
traitor has trodden them in triumph. Above it
floats'the flag, the emblem of our Union. That
Union is the emblem of the triumphs oftSe
white race. That-racetfules by the ballot. Shall
we surrender the ballot, the emblem, of our sov-
ereignty ; the flag, the emblem of out UBiofa";
the Union, the emblem of our national glory,
that they may become the badges o£ our-weak-
ness and the trophies of another race? Never,
sir! never, never!
Shall the white laborer how his free, inde-
pendent, and honored brow- to the level of the
negro just set free from, slavery, and by.1 yield-
ing the entrance to this great citadel of our na-
tion surrender the mastery of his race over the
Representatives of the people, the Senate, and
Supreme Court of this Union? Then, sir, t-hs
white working -man's sovereignty would begin
to cease to be. That would be the beginning
of the end 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent that
my colleague's time may be extended, so as to
enable him to conclude his speech.
No objection was made.
Mr. 'CHANLER. Then the most democratic
majesty of American liberty would be humblM
in the little dust which was lately raised by a
brief campaign of two hundered thousand negro
troops, and even they led by white officers;
while millions of white soldiei's held th§ field in
victory by their own strength and valor. Deny
it if ye dare ! Sir, I know that this is a white
man's Government, and I believe th'e white
working man has the manhood which shall pre-
serve it to his latest posterity, pure and Strong
in "justice tempered with mercy."
There may be a legend hereafter telling of
the exile of Representatives now on this floor,
who, in the hour of party spite, betrayed the
dominion of their race here, and the stronghold
of their people's liberty, to a servile and foreign
race.
PARTISAN MAJORITY.
A great deal has been said here about injustice.
Injustice to whom? Why, sir, the white popu-
laiion of this District are a part of the people
of the United States. They have rights which
you should respect and protect. They look to
you for justice but not abuse, such as has been
poured out on them by the advocates of this
measure. The whole question seems to have
taken a drift away from justice into the worst
form of congressional tyranfty and slang—-just
such tyranny as drove the great men of the Rev-
olution of 177(5, headed by Washington, to issue
the Declaration of Independence; the same
slang that Weddeburne heaped upon Benjamin
Franklin at the bar of the British House of Com-
mons. A partisan and arrogant majority are
by this bill reenacting in a different form the
same outrage which alienated and drove the
colonies from the mother country. The Dec-
laration of Independence asserts the preroga-
tive of the governed in face of the tyranny of
the Government.
You to-day are nullifying the express will
of the people of this District in regard to the
question of negro suffrage. In the debate upon
this bill, honorable gentlemen stultify their own
argument by quoting the Declaration of Inde-
pendence and the great names of the framers
of the Constitution, which they neither imitate
nor comprehend. To invoke the shadesof Mad-
ison, Washington, and their groat peers, to wit-
ness this scene of petty partisan spito and cold-
blooded tyranny, is political^ blasphemy and
high treason against the Constitution and com-
mon sense, of none of which do some of these
honorable members seem to know anything, or
only use to abuse and make ridiculous them-
selves. This is not a question whether one or
several black men shall vote, brave, virtuous,
or learned though they be; but it is whether by
giving the elective franchise to a whole race
you shall deprive a city of the United States,
andtliqt, too.thecapitalofthe Union, ofitsfran-
chise under the Constitution, and subject the
