4166
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Upon this question I ask the attention of tlie
Senate to two very high authorities. I ask the
attention of the Senate to the opinion of the
distinguished Senator now deceased from the
State of Vermont, and I ask the attention of
the Senate to the opinion of Chief Justice Hale,
when he held office under the Cromwellian Gov-
ernment. I will read from a speech delivered
by Senator Collamer in 1862, daring the rebel-
lion, in which he discussed this very question:
"But, it is said, men have actually taken offices
there under that government; thoy have had the
audacity to do that since tliat government has been
established over them. I do not profess to be very
highly versed in the ethics of politics, but I am fond
of looking to examples that are bright and high. At
the time of the rebellion under Cromwell, which had
established a government de facto over the people of
Ensrland, and had put down the existing Government,
application was made to Chief Justice Hale, a man
whose churactcr stands as high, perhaps, as any in the
annals of Christian judges, to take the place of chief
justice, he being opposed to that Government. Jus-
tice Hale consulted with a couple of his friends,
(bishops,) and after full deliberation came to this con-
clusion: 'justice must be administered; the rights
between man and man must beadjudged upon; Some-
body must hold courts; Icanconsideritnosin to take
an ollice under a de facto government, though it is a
usurpation.' lie took it; and that man was not ad-
judged guilty of treason, upon the restoration of
Charles IX. lie continued in position ever afterward.
In all the trouble between the House of York and
the House of Lancaster, in the wars of the Roses,
when revolutions were constant and frequent, one
day a man of this family upon the throne, and the
next day one of the other, as early as the period of
Henry VII a statute was passed which has abided
in England through all the revolutions afterward,
that no man should be adjudged of treason because
he was obedient to the reigning king, no matter if
he was a usurper. Such, sir, is the respect paid by
the world, and especially that part of the world from
which we spring, to a de facto government; and the
nations of tho earth deal with them as governments,
no matter what the usurpation."
After the rebellion became completely inau-
gurated the authority of the Government of the
United Suites was for the time suspended in
the southern States, it became impossible for
this Government to defend the people there,
and of necessity they fell under the government
de facto that was established over them. Is any
Senator here prepared to say that it was a wrong
in any man of the southern States to occupy an
office which was not political in its character,
which was not military in its character, which
did not give aid and comfort to the rebellion,
which added nothing whatever to its strength
or power? Js any Senator prepared to say that
it was wrong for a man to go upon the bench
and adjudicate the civil and criminal questions
that properly came before his court?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator from Indi-
ana will allow me, T desire to say a word. It is
notorious that the confederacy enacted very
stringent confiscation laws, under which a vast
amount of property of Union citizens residing
in the insurrectionary States was seized, con-
demned, and sold, and tho proceeds put into
the confederate fisc for public use and for
the purpose of prosecuting the war of the re-
bellion against the authority of the Govern-
ment. _ Would the Senator regard it a per-
fectly innocent acton the part of a judge in the
rebel confederacy to exercise his functions as
lie would be compelled to do undoubtedly in
carrying out those cruel and prescriptive laws
of confiscation against the property of Union
citizens? Was it not a direct offense against
the Government of the United States to do so?
Were not his judgments declaring confiscation,
his approval of judicial sales, and all other
judicial acts connected with the execution of
such laws in as direct hostility to the authority
of the United States as would be his acts as a
r-oldier with a musket in his hands? Where
does the Senator draw the line of demarkation
between the guilt on the one hand and the guilt
on the other, or where is the line of distinction
between guilt and innocence in the two cases?
_ Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senator takes
his seat, I wish to ask him—inasmuch as he has
stated that he personally makes the charge to
the Senate—whether Mr. Patterson held a
judicial office under the State of Tennessee or
under the so-called government of the confed-
erate States? Is the charge that he held an
office under tho State or the confederate gov-
ernment ?
Mr. HOWARD. My information upon that
particular question is not ample, but I submit
to the Senator that there neither is nor can be
any distinction between the two cases. The
State of Tennessee, as a State, was as much
an enemy of the United States as all the insur-
rectionary States combined acting under the
denomination of the confederate government.
That government was made up of the various
insurrectionary States as the political ele-
ments composing it; and a judge in a State
acting under a State commission and carry-
ing out laws hostile to the Government of the
United States was just as guilty, in my judg-
ment, as if he had been acting as a confederate
judge in the execution of confederate statutes.
I can draw no distinction between the two
cases.
Mr." HENDRICKS. I understood the Sen-
ator, in reply to what I submitted, to attempt
to draw such a distinction. When I quoted
tho case of Chief Justice Hale, when I cited
the opinion of that eminent jurist and great
statesman, Mr. Collamer, now deceased, to
the effect that the support of a government
da facto by the act alone of holding a judicial
office in no enlightened Government is to be
regarded as a crime, the Senator arrested my
remarks by saying that the confederate gov-
ernment so-called had enacted confiscation
laws and that it would be in aid of that govern-
ment t,o execute and administer those laws,
and therefore a judge being connected with
the administration of those laws would give aid
and comfort to the southern cause. I under-
stood that to be the argument of tho Senator.
If it did not have that point, I am not able to
see that his argument had any. Now, Sena-
tors around mo say that tho charge is that Mr.
Patterson exercised the office of a State judge.
As such he had no duties to discharge in con-
nection with the administration of the objec-
tionable laws to which the Senator from Mich-
igan has referred; those laws were to be exe-
cuted in the courts of the confederacy.
Then, Mr. President, we have the case of a
man who under a government de facto, a State
government de facto, exercises thepowers and
discharges the duties of a judge. I say that
is no crime; I say that is not giving aid and
comfort to any cause. It is the discharge of
a duty to humanity.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Let me remind the
Senator from Indiana that the government of
Cromwell was for many years perfectly estab-
lished in Great Britain.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Twelve years, I believe.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. And it was as thor-
oughly submitted to as that of Queen Victoria
is to-day. For many years no hostile force
exisled in England against it. Now, does the
Senator say that while war existed upon the
part of the General Government to put down
the insurrection in the South, the insurrec-
tionary government existed so de facto as to
entitle officers holding under it to the same
protection as those holding under Comwell's
Government, when Cromwell's Government
was tho only Government existing either in fact
or attempted to be established in England?
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the j>oint made by
the Senator from Iowa is a point of time, I
will ask him during what period of the Pro-
tectorate did Chief Justice Hale take office.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I am not able to say.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well, then, as
the Senator is not able to say, his criticism
upon that point has not much weight. Crom-
well held the power in England for twelve
years, or about that length of time. His gov-
ernment was a usurpation. It was treated so
by its opponents during its entire existence.
It was treated so after it ceased to exist and
after the monarchs were restored to the throne.
It was treated so by the execution of men con-
nected with that government, men who had
connected themselves with the political move-
ments and the military movements of the Pro-
tectorate; but 110 man after the Restoration
brought a charge against any judge because
he had administered law and equity among
the people of England. It is left for us among
our race to aver that it is a crime to hold a
court in a State under the State authorities,
under a de facto government, if you please. It
is left for us to say that a man who discharges
that duty to mankind is guilty of a crime. Mr.
Collamer, who was a well-read historian as
well as a light in the law_, stated the case of
Chief Justice Hale as applicable to the case of
the people in the southern States. There was
no charge against that distinguished statesman
that he sympathized with the southern cause;
it was not questioned that he was patriotic and
true to his country, but he said that the dis-
charge of judicial powers, the exercise of a
judicial office under these State governments
was no crime. They were governments de facto;
the authority and the power of the Govern-
ment of the United States was for the time sus-
pended and he who exercised an office which
gave no aid and comfort to the rebellion was
not guilty of crime. Is it the opinion of learned
Senators that for five years the people of the
southern States were to remain without the ad-
ministration of the law? Is it the opinion of
learned Senators that a government de facto
being established no man dared to exercise the
powers of a judge under that government for
five years?
Mr. President, I believe that upon this ques-
tion I am so unfortunate as, peihaps, not to
agree exactly with any political party. I be-
lieve that the States of this Union are inde-
structible. I believe that they continued to
exist during the period of the whole rebellion,
and that their attempt to detach themselves
from the Government of the United States and
to attach themselves to another government
was simply null and void. I believe that dur-
ing the whole period of the rebellion the gov-
ernments of the States continued to exist, and
I look for the time when the Supreme Court
of the United States will say that the acts of
tho State governments during the entire period
of the revolution, which were not political in
their character, and which were not to con-
tribute aid to the rebellion, were legal and
valid, and that the acts of the confederate gov-
ernment, so called, were ab initio void.
For myself, I do not believe that the Presi-
dent of the United States had any occasion to
reorganize the State governments. That was
my opinion about it: but he thought it to be
his duty, and the people accepted his propo-
sition, and the people gave validity and power
and authority to that which he could contribute
neither to. By the act of the people the new
constitution has been adopted in North Caro-
lina and other States. It is not because the
President suggested that it should be done, but
because the people acquiesced in the propo-
sition and breathed into the new organization
the breath of life. I believe that those State
governments continued during all the period
of the rebellion; that in the eye of the law
their connection with the Government of the
United States was never broken; that their
resolutions of secession were simply nothing;
that their old obligation to the United States
and their legal connection with the United
States continued all the while, and that it was
perfectly right and proper for any man to hold
a judicial office in any State of the Union.
Sir, we cannot go the length of saying that in
the case of a revolution, when a government
de facto is established and the authority and
power of the Government of the United States
for the time being is suspended, the laws shall
not be administered. It is in the cause of
humanity that courts shall be held.
Then, upon this question, Mr. President, my
opinion goes somewhat further than the tech-
nical points which have been made. If Mr.
Patterson held the office of judge in the State
of Tennessee and under the authority of the
State of Tennessee, it is no treason, it is no
wrong; it is a right and virtuous act, for which
we cannot punish him and for which we cannot
drive him from the Senate, if th£ people of
Tennessee have rightfully elected him.
This, sir, is an important question, if we shall
