THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 12,
majority"of tWjseople of this'whole District to
congressional dictation as to who shall govern
them nrmunieipal affairs, after that people bare
declared under the guarantees of the Declara-
tion of Independence, the Constitution of the
■United States, and the sovereignty of the people
of this Union, that the white and only true citi-
zens of this District wish to govern themselves
in their own way, according to established law,
without interference from the national Govern-
ment, and without complication with, political
parties. The consent of the governed is not
only not respected, but the avowed will of this
people is disregarded.
The friends of negro suffrage abstained from
voting! What a farce! What sophistry! Do
we not all know that by abstaining they forfeit
their right to be considered in the matter?
Mr. BINGHAM. I understood the gentle-
man to say that the colored race had failed to
.strike for their rights during the late rebellion.
I wish to remind the gentleman of the fact,
■which ought to bring a blush to the cheek of
every American citizen, that at the beginning
of this great struggle a distinguished general,
_who, I have no doubt, received the political
support of the gentleman himself for the Presi-
dency, and who, then at the head of an Amer-
ican army within the Commonwealth of Vir-
ginia, issued his proclamation as general in
command of the army, notifying the insurgents
in arms against the Constitution that, if their
slaves rose in revolt for their liberty he, Major
General McClcllan, by the whole force of the
Army at his command, "would crush them
with an iron hand." Yet the gentleman gets
up here to-day, after a record of that sort, to
cast censure upon this people because they did
not strike for their liberties against the com-
bined armies of the Republic and the armies of
tr6cison'
Mr. CHANLER. My honorable friend from
Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] may have made a good
point against General McClcllan, but he has
made none against me. I admit that they have
made successful insurrections, but my argument
was not to the effect that the negro race was not
capablc of the bloodiest deeds. 1 avoided en-
tering into that question. I assorted that they
had made successful insurrection; that they had
held the white race under their heel in Hayti and
St. Domingo. I would only say, with regard to
this question of race, that I assert, there is 110
record of the black race having proved its ca-
pacity for self-go vormn en t. as a race; that they
have never struck a blow for freedom, and
maintained their freedom and independence as
individuals when free. 1 appeal to history, and
to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
and I speak as a student, of history, and the
representative of a race whose proudest boast
is that their capacity for self-government is the
only charter ot their liberty. I assail no race;
Iassail 110 man. Thavc taken the greatest pains
to prove that the inalienable rights of the black
man are as sacred to me as those inalienable
rights I have received from my God. If the
gentleman misunderstood me, I hone he will
accept this explanation. If I have not met his
question, I will now yield the lloor to him to
continue.
Mr. BINGHAM. And I continue thus far,
that the gentleman's speech certainly has rela-
tion to the rights of the black man within the
Republic of the United States. What, he may
say of their history outside of the jurisdiction
of this country, it is not very important for me
to take notice of. But inasmuch as the gentle-
man has seen fit, in his response to what I said,
to_ refer to the testimony of history, I will bear
witness now, by the authority of history, that
this very race of which he speaks is the only
race now existing upon this planet that ever
hewed their way out of the prison-house of chat-
tel slavery to the sunlight of personal liberty by
their own unaided arm. So much for that part of
the gentleman's argument as relates to history.
Mr. CHANLER. Does the gentleman al-
lude now to what has been done in other lands
than this? I ask the question because he says
he does not like me to go outside of the juris:
diction of this country, and I therefore_ask him
not to go too far into Africa.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not in Africa.^ I re-
fer to what the gentleman referred to himself.
The insurrection in St. Domingo, I say, stands
without a parallel in the history of any race
now living on this earth, and I challenge the
gentleman to refute that statement from history.
Mr. CHANLER. That is admitted.
Mr. BINGHAM. That is admitted. Then
I want to know, with a fact like that conceded,
what sort of logic, what sort of force, what sort
of reason, what sort of justice is there in the
remark of the gentleman made here in a delib-
erative assembly touching the question of the
personal enfranchisement of the black race,
when he says in the statement here, right in the
face of that fact, that they only are entitled to
their liberty who strike the blow for and main-
tain their liberty? They did strike the .blow in
Hayti, and did maintain their liberty there.
They struck such a blow for liberty there as
no other race of men under like circumstanecs
ever before struck, now represented by any or-
ganized community upon this planet; and that
the gentleman conceded. And yet this sort
of argument is to be adduced here as reason
why these people in the District of Columbia
should not receive the consideration of this
House and be protected in their rights as men.
If the gentleman's remark is not adduced for
that purpose, then it is altogether foreign to
our inquiry. If the gentleman can assign any
other reason for the introduction of any such
argument as that I should like to hear him.
And let me say this much further in explana-
tion : I should like to know of the gentleman
with what grace he can come into this House
and make a remark of that sort against this race
after such a fact as that to which I have before
referred is admitted, and after the further fact,
in our own history, that the general command-
ing the Army of the Republic notified these
slaves that even if they bad the manhood and
courage to do all the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Chaxlek] says this people ought to do to
entitle them to the enjoyment of their personal
rights, Major General McClcllan would "crush
them with an iron hand" with all the power
of the Government, so far as he could command
it. 1 would like to know from my friend from
New York whether lie favored that gentleman or
not. either as a military man or as a political
aspirant, for the Presidency.
Air. CHANLER. I will answer that ques-
tion at a proper time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I suppose so.
Mr. CHANLER. I merely wish to say, in
reply to the gentleman, that! have read history
a little further back. I remember when the
British fleet and the British army held out a
similar threat to the white race of this country ;
but all the armies of Great Britain and all the
naval power of that nation did not succeed in
keeping down the white race of this country.
The proclamation of General McClellan did
keep down the negioes; and this fact, proves
what I assert, that they are a race to be kept
under. No race capable of achieving its liberty
by its own efforts would have listened for one
moment to the paper threats of all the generals
in the world. The negroes listened to McClcllan
and they shrank behind the bush. They are
bushmen in Africa. They are a dependentraee,
unwilling—I assert, it from the record of history
—unwilling to assert their independence at the
risk of their lives. By their own efforts they
never have attained, and I firmly believe they
never will attain, their liberty. More than that:
I assert that if, through the fanatical efforts of
the radicals of this country, the negroes be raised
to a position of quasi political equality with the
whites, I do not believe that they will be able
to maintain that position. That, however, is a
question upon which I will not now enter. But
1 assert that the record which the gentleman
has quoted is against himself.
Mr. GRINNELL addressed the Chair.
The SPEAKER. Has the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Chaxler] surrendered the
floor?
Mr. CHANLER. I have.
The SPEAKER. Then the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Gbinnell] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask the gentleman from
Iowa to yield to me for one moment, that I may
add a few words in reply to the gentleman from
New York.
Mr. GRINNELL. I cheerfully yield to the
gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. BINGHAM. I thank the gentleman for
his courtesy, and I promise him that I will not
abuse it.
I desire to say to the gentleman from New York,
when he talks of being a "student of history,"
that before the tribunal of history the facts
are not against me nor against the colored race.
I beg leave to say to the gentlemen that these
people have borne themselves as bravely, as
well, and, I may add, as wisely during the great
contest just closcd, as any people to whom he
can point, situated in like circumstances, at any
period of the world's history. They were in
chains when the rebellion broke out. They
constituted but one sixth ofthe whole body of the
people. By the terms of the Constitution of the
United States,iftheyliftedahand in the assertion
of their right to freedom they were liable that
moment to be crushed by the combined power
of the Republic, called out, in pursuance of
the very letter ofthe Constitution, "to suppress
insurrection." Yet, notwithstanding the fact
that their whole living generation and the gener-
ations before them, running back two centuries,
had been enslaved and brutalized, reduced to
the sad and miserable condition of chattels,
which, for want of a better name, we call a
" slave"—an article of merchandise, a thing of
trade, with no acknowledged rights in the pres-
ent and denied even the hope of a heritage in the
great hereafter—yet, sir, the moment that the
word "Liberty" ran along your ranks, the mo-
ment that the word "Emancipation" was em-
blazoned upon your banners, those men who,
with their ancestors, had been enslaved through
five generations, rose as one man to stand by
this Republic, the last hope of oppressed hu-
manity upon the earth, until they numbered one
hundred and seventy-five thousand arraigned in
arms under your banners doing firmly, unshrink-
ingly, and defiantly their full share in securing
the final victory of our arms. I have said this
much in defense of men who had the manhood
in the hour ofthe nation's trial to strike for the
flag and the unity of the Republic in the tem-
pest of the great conflict, and to stand, where
brave men only could stand, on the field of
poised battle, where the earthquake and the fire
led the charge.
Sir, I am not mistaken: and the record of
history, to which I have referred, does not, as
the gentleman affirms it does, make against me.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, I most con-
fidently anticipated that the gentleman frem
New York, [Mr. Chaxleii,] who was so much
in fear of a draft, who was so violently opposed
to its execution for the putting down ofthe re-
bellion, would appear here to-day with his heart
swelling with gratitude to the two hundred thou-
sand black soldiers who went forth to fight in
the place of himself and others who entertained
similar feelings. I am sadly mistaken in the
gentleman. So far from this, he proceeds to
say that they are now, as a class, dependent as
when they were brought from their native wilds
in Africa. Sir, I believe if the gentleman were
master of all languages, if he were to attempt
to put into a sentence the quintessence, the
high-wines, and sublimation of an untruth, he
could not have more concentrated his language
into a libel.
What is the fact, sir? It is perfectly notori-
ous that these four million slaves have not only
taken care of themselves amid all the ingenious
impediments which tyrants could impose, but
they have borne upon their stalwart shoulders
their masters, millions of people, for a century.
Why, sir, it seemed as impossible for a man to
swim the Atlantic with Mount Atlas upon his
back, or make harmonious base to the thunders
of heaven. But these men have achieved the
world's wonder—coming out from the tortures
