3206
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 15,
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint reso-
lution of the following title ; when the Speaker
signed the same :
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 130) to extend
to the counties of Berkeley and Jefferson, of
West Virginia, the provisions of the act ap-
proved July 4,1864, entitled "An act to restrict
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims and to
provide for the payment of certain demands
for quartermaster's stores and subsistence
supplies furnished to the Army of the United
States."
WEST VIRGINIA WAR CLAIM.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, reported back, with
an amendment, Senate bill No. 230, to reim-
burse the State of West Virginia for moneys
expended for the United States in enrolling,
equipping, and paying military forces to aid in
suppressing the rebellion.
J'ne amendment was to provide for three
commissioners to examine the claim of West
Virginia instead of one, as provided in the
original bill.
The amendment was agredd to.
The bill, as amended, was then read the third
time and passed.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EXCUSED FROM COMMITTEE SERVICE.
Mr. MOORIIEAD. I ask to be excused
from serving on the select committee appointed
this day to investigate and report in regard to
an alleged assault upon amemberofthis House,
as 1 am very much engaged in service upon
other committees.
No objection was made.
The SPEAKER subsequently appointed Mr.
Thayer to (ill the vacancy.
NORTHERN KANSAS RAILROAD.
Mr. LOAN. I ask unanimous consent to
report back from the Committee on the Pacific
llailroad Senate bill No. 145 for a grant of
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Northern Kausas railroad and
telegraph.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
JOSEPH NOOK.
Mr. McRUER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on the Post Oflicc and Post
Roads, reported back Senate joint resolution
No. 71, referring the petition and papers in
the case ol'.loseph Nock to the Court of Claims;
with a recommendation that the House pass
the same.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be read a third time.
The joint resolution provides that the claim
of Joseph Nock for damages arising from and
occasioned by the annulment of his contract
to furnish locks and keys for the use of the
United States mail, and also for the use of
said Nock's patents in the manufacture of
mail locks subsequent to such annulment, be
referred to the Court of Claims for its decision
in accordance with the principles of equity and
justice; provided, that said court do not ren-
der judgment for a greater sum than is named
in the report of Solicitor Comstock to the Uni-
ted States Senate, under date of December 2,
1852.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Can thegentleman from
California [Mr. McRijer] state to the House
the amount named in the report of Solicitor
Comstock?
_ Mr. McRUER. I do not recollect the pre-
cise sum, but I think it was something like
twenty-five hundred dollars. This is a claim
which has been before Congress sincc 1839.
There have been various reports made upon
it; some for it and some against it. The
Committees^ of Claims of this Congress did
not feel willing to decide the question, and the
Senate have passed a resolution referring the
case to the Court of Claims.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time.
The question was taken upon the passage of
the joint resolution; and upon a division there
were—ayes 26, noes 23; no quorum voting.
Tellers were "Ordered; and Messrs. McRuer
and Botttwell were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 54, noes 40.
So the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. McRUER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved tkat the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HENRIETTA 0. GARDINER.
Mr. COFPROTH. I am instructed by the
Committee on Invalid Pensions to report ad-
versely upon the petition of Henrietta 0. Gar-
diner for a pension.
Mr. BLAINE. I move that this petition
be recommitted, with instructions to the com-
mittee to report a bill for the relief of Mrs.
Gardiner.
Mr. Speaker, this case is peculiar. It is an
application for a pension made by the widow
ol' an officer named Farragut Gardiner, killed
in the discharge of his duty in the revenue ser-
vice. This application was presented at the
last Congress, was favorably reported upon by
the Committee on Pensions; and a bill grant-
ing a pension to this lady was passed by this
House almost unanimously. I hold in my
hand letters from Admiral Farragut and Com-
modore Stringham, both urging the justice of
the claim, and citing a precedent for the allow-
ance of a pension in such a case. As I under-
stand—and I would inquire of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Coffrotii] whether
such is not the fact—the committee have in
this case reported adversely upon the ground
that there is no precedent for granting a pen-
sion to an officer in the revenue service.
Mr. COFFROTII. This application was by
the committee referred to me as a sub-com-
mittee for examination, and 1 reported to them
in favor of granting the pension; but I was
overruled by my colleagues on the committee,
who, as I understood, based their action on
the ground that this officer was an officer in
the revenue service.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask that a short letter
from Admiral Farragut, which was sent to me
last year and was filed among the papers in the
ease, may be read at the Clerk's desk.
The Clerk read as follows :
Washington, January 20,1865.
jUy Dear Sir: I havo the honor to inclose here-
with a noto received from the widow of the late
Lieutenant Farragut Gardiner, of the United States
revenue service, who lost his life in the line of his
duty while boarding a vessel off Charleston several
years asjo, leaving a wife and child in Portland,
Maine, in most needy circumstances. As you will
povceive, she has mentioned your name as one who
has kindly undertaken to present her claims before
Congress for relief in the shape of a pension, and
calls upon ine to aid her in the good work as the
friend of her husband, who procured his appoint-
ment in the service.
If it is in my power to afford you any assistance in
this benevolent work nothing would give mo more
pleasure. I understand Congress has been pleased
to grant aponsion under similar circumstances to the
widow of an officer lost in Humboldt bay. I feel sat-
isfied your good act in this matter will bring its own
reward, as well as the thanks of your obedient servant,
. D. 6. FARRAGUT,
Vice Admiral United States Navy.
Hon. Mr. Blaine.
Mr. BLAINE. This lady is in very desti-
tute circumstances, and the pension recom-
mended by the committee last year was a small
one—seventeen dollars per month. The grant-
ing of the pension in this case cannot involve
a very dangerous precedent, because cases of
a similar kind must, in the very nature of
things, be exceedingly rare.
Mr. THAYER. The gentleman says that
seventeen dollars a month is a very small pen-
sion. I will ask him what pension a wounded
soldier receives.
Mr. BLAINE. When I say that this is a
small pension, I mean that it is not as much as
the widow of an officer of similar rank in the
Army would receive.
Mr. THAYER. It is nine dollars per month
more than a wounded soldier receives.
Mr. BLAINE. Does the gentleman con-
sider this a very large pension?
Mr. THAYER. I consider it a very large
pension if the case is to be made a precedent.
The proposition is now made for the first time
to grant pensions to a class of persons who
have never been pensioned before. The letter
from Admiral Farragut, which has been read,
is a very kind-hearted letter, but it does not
give a single reason why we should inaugurate
such a precedent.
Mr. BLAINE. It mentions a case precisely
in point, where an officer in the revenue ser-
vice was lost in Hupiboldt bay, and where a
pension was granted to his widow.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman ex-
pect that a pension shall be granted in the case
of every officer dying in the civil service?
Mr. BLAINE. In this ease the officer was
killed in the line of his duty while boarding a
vessel off Charleston—a very different thing
from merely dying in the service.
Mr. THAYER. Can the gentleman inform
me when the other case which he has cited
occurred?
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot. I refer the gen;
tleman to the letter of Admiral Farragut which
has been read. I now demand the previous
question.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask the gentleman to
withdraw the previous question for a moment.
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. PERHAM. Perhaps I ought to state,
in behalf of the committee, the grounds upon
which it acted in this matter. Many cases
have been presented to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions asking for pensions in conse-
quence of wounds received m the civil service
of the Government. We have not acted favor-
ably on any of them. It was not thought proper
that wc should extend the provisions of the
pension laws to those in the civil service ; and
the committee regard the revenue service as
belonging to the civil service.
No doubt this lady is worthy, and although
Admiral Farragut may have sympathy for her,
as we might all have, we did not think it wise
and proper to open the door for such a num-
ber of pensions as wo would be likely to give
to those who may have been injured or to the
families of those who may have been killed in
the x-evenue or other civil service of the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. BLAINE. I renew the demand for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion was rejected.
JOHN N. HOCKADAY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Commtltee' of Claims, reported adversely
on the^petition of John N. Hockaday, praying
for relief; and the same was laid upon the
table.
JONATHAN TV. CORDON.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill
No. 127, for the relief of Jonathan W. Gordon,
late major in the eleventh regiment of infantry,
with the^ recommendation that it do pass.
The bill provides that the Secretary of the
Treasury be, and he is hereby, authorized and
directed, in settling the accounts of Jonathan
W. Gordon, late major in the eleventh regi-
ment of infantry, to allow him a credit*of $600
on account of bounties paid enlisted men in
accordance with the provisions of the act of
July, 1862, but before that act went into effect.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
