1866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of slavery, fromtheprison-house, untainted with-
dishonor orcrime; and out of the war free, noble,
bravo, and more worthy of their friends, always
true to the flag.
Mr. Speaker, I happened to have knowledge
of the gentleman's own district in tlie city of
New York, and I can hardly forbear saying, as
he has drawn the comparison, that hundreds of
times there, while a resident of the city, I have
been, with a brogue, asked for alms; while in
this District, during my years of residence here,
I was never accosted by a negro who presented
himself as a beggar; and I can but say that the
gentleman's statement is a libel upon a race
which has established its manhood by fighting
our battles.
Mr. Speaker, it was in fable that a man
pointed a lion to the picture which represented
the king of the forest prostrate, with a man' s foot
on his neck, and asked what he thought of that.
The reply was, "Lions have no painters." For
days the unblushing apostles of sham Democ-
racy have in this House drawn pictures of the
ignorance and degradation of the people of
color in the District of Columbia. Had the
subjects of their wanton defamation had a Rep-
resentative here there would have been a dif-
ferent, coloring to the picture, and I would gladly
leave their defense to the Representatives of
classes who have by hundreds darkened these
galleries with their sable countenances, waiting
for days to hear the decisive vote which an-
nounces that their freedom is not a mockery.
_ Who are they to whom this bill proposes io
give suffrage? They are twenty thousand peo-
ple, owning twenty-one churches, maintaining
thirty-three day schools, and pa}'ing taxes on
more than one and a quarter million dollars
worth of real property. Thirty per cent, of their
number were slaves ; but the census does not
show that there is a Democratic congressional
district_ in the Union where a larger propor-
tion of its population are found attendant at the
churches or in the schools.
They did not follow the example of their pale-
faced neighbors, to the number of thousands
crossing the line to join in the rebellion; but
three thousand and more of their number went
into the Union Army, nearly one thousand of
whom, as soldiers, fell by disease and battle in
the room of those who wept on northern soil
for rebel defeats, and now decry the manhood
and withhold just rights from our true national
defenders. This country, with the best Gov-
ernment on earth, which should be the freest
from partiality, stands alone by an undemocratic
and unjust discrimination based on color. The
days of national Democracy being numbered,
the southern half having gone off as traitors, it
is left for the remnant to establish the new
order which will be known as the Cuticle Democ-
racy; and the latest and freshest champion of
the faith here is the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Boyer,] who says "that as a race
they did far more to sustain the rebellion than
to suppress it." I pronounce it a libel. What
is the basis of his assertion? On what battle-
field was the colored man found confronting the
Union Army? In what report of a rebel mili-
tary general does he find a mention of his prow-
ess? Did they dare arm their slaves ? No. It
was too well known that they would come to
our ranks in regiments; and it was the complaint
of one of their generals that thousands of their
troops were required to push their slaves into
the interior, as a contact with our soldiers was
utterly destructive of their cause. If they raised
food, it was under the lash, or to satisfy hunger.
In the South they were our friends. In the
language of an official dispatch of Secretary
Seward to Minister Adams, "Everywhere the
American general receives his most useful and
reliable information from the negro, who hails
his coming as the harbinger of freedom." Not
one, but many, of our generals have proclaimed
that the negro has gained by the bayonet the
ballot. Admiral Du Pont made mention of the
negro pilot, Small, who brought out the steamer
Planter, mounting a rifled and siege gun, from
Charleston as a prize "to us under the very guns
of the enemy. He brought us the first trophy
from Fort Sumter, and information more valu-
able than the prize.
Iho celebrated charge of the negro brigade
at the conflict at Port Hudson has passed into
history, and the testimony of Major General
Banks is the most emphatic commendation. I
could read numerous military dispatches of the
same import.
I hold in my hand the speech of one Thomas
Lloyd, president of the board of aldermen of
this city, and since he has favored me with this
copy, I will give it a passing notice. It is pref-
aced by a resolution that'' the secretary be au-
thorized to have five hundred copies printed
for the use of the board, the expense thereof
to be paid out of the contingent fund of the
board."
This speech is an unfair and untrue repre-
sentation of the condition of thepeople of color,
such as could not be made by a slave-owner,
and but for the official position of the author I
should regard it as the fulmination of a " snob.''
It must be paid for in part by those who are
held up to derision and are taxed against their
will. W hat can be more infamous than this res-
olut ion, asking the unrepresented to pay for the
weapons used for their oppression?
It is only equaled by the decision of Judge
Lynch, that the culprit shall furnish rope and
gallows fees in advance of the execution; and
hardly surpassed by that feature in the Jewish
crucifixion, where the martyred Son of God was
compelled to bear up the mount unto fainting
the cross to which he was nailed. The speech
asserts "that the people of color have been
granted every right and privilege with refer-
ence to the enjoyment of property and the car-
rying on of business." Protection! This is a
city of haekmen of both colors, as it is of dis-
tances ; but can you at the most profitable hours
for business, after nightfall, find a colored hack-
man near the hotels waiting for employment ?
No, white vagabonds who vote would out their
harness and maim their horses, driving out the
poor colored man, that the gentleman wanting
a hack may bo compelled to pay dollars for an
hour s service; and this is protection!
These people are further described as lazy,
thieving, vagrants, and a curse to society. Yet
the city orator loves this people, and only fears
that if granted suffrage they will be driven out
like the 1 ndians; but I must leave this satellite,
sure that at no distant day some colored man
will unmask his defamer rectux ouris.
That they are an inferior race was the argu-
ment for their enslavement, and is still em-
ployed for their political degradation. ]f true,
wo can no more deny them their position as
members of the human family than we can
deny it to children who do not exhibit the aver-
age mental and physical capacity. Their very
weakness awakens our sympathy, and prompts
us to desire that new hopes may be kindled,
and there be a testing of the power of self-
reliance.
But there were twelve of the thirteen States
before slavery had debauched the nation that
made no mention of this inferiority.
Go back to 178'J. There was John Jay of
New York, Benjamin Franklin of Pennsylva-
nia, and Witherspoon of New Jersey, who ad-
vocated the rights of man, and had no fears of
negro equality. Two generations pass away,
and, shades of the depart ed! we are refreshed
with the logic and patriotism of the gentlemen
from New Jersey, [Mr. Rooms,] from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Boyer,] and from New York,
[Mr. Ciiaxler.] What an obscuration of the
great Chief Justice Jay, of Witherspoon, the
patriot and divine, and Franklin, the philoso-
pher of both hemispheres! What convincing
proof of the world's advance and the perfecti-
bility of the human race!
Sir, these moderns shall not deter me from
adducing the testimony of Jefferson to the tal-
ents of the negro Banneker, whom he invited
to visit him at his residence at Monlieello; nor
that of Dr. Rush, who says of Dr. Derham, a
negro, " I found him very learned. I thought
I could give him information concerning the
treatment of diseases, but I learned more from
him than he could expect from me."
Edward Everett, as late as 1853, testified .that
a negro youth at Cambridge surpassed a? a
scholar two youths from,Georgia and his own
son in the same class, and;declared "that the
aptitude of the colored race for every kind:of
intellectual culture was unquestioned." B3u-
menbach affirms of the negro, there is no sav-
age people who have distinguished themselves
by such examples of perfectibility and capacity
for scientific cultivation.
There are living illustrations of slaves or the
sons of slaves, despite prejudice and disability
here, having risen to the highest respectability
m the professions. Give them time and op-
portunity, and remember that the ancestors of
the Germans were once barbarians, that Druid-
ism was once the religion of the Britons. Bo-
fore you decry the negro, remember that your
Saxon blood was once enslaved by the Ro-
mans, and that not many centuries since your
fathers were bought and sold with the soil like
the brutes.
The State of Iowa has been used in this debate
as an illustration against negro suffrage. It is
true that in the dark night of years agone the
proud State of my adoption was afflicted with
negrophobia, but in the last made Union plat-
form the equality of all men before the law-was
asserted, and Governed Stone, who indorsed the
platform and took the stump in behalf of negro
suffrage, was elected over a Union officer and
a professed Republican by a majority of sixteen
thousand votes. Forget her fall and follow in her
reformation. The position of the colored peo-
ple there reflects lasting honor on their loyalty,
and our brave white soldiers would not have me
withhold the facts. In the State there were
between nine hundred and a thousand people
of their class subject to military duty. Of that
number more than seven hundred entered the
Army. They put to blush the patriotism of the
dominant race in all Democratic districts. Seven
tenths of a class, without tlioinducement of com-
missions aslieutenants, captains, colonels, com-
missaries, or quartermasters, braving the hate
andvengeance of rebels, rushing into the deadly
imminent breach in the darkest hour of our
struggle! Where is the parallel to this ? They
had no flag; it was a mockery. There was no
pledge of political franchise. Does history cite
us to a country where so large a per cent, of the
population went forth for the national defense?
It was not under the Cassars; and Harold, in the
defense of Britain, left behind him a larger per
cent, of the stalwart and the strong. They were
more eager to maintain the national honor than
the zealots to rescue Jerusalem from the prof-
anation of infidels. Not Frank or Hun, nor
HnguenotorRoundhead. ormountaineer, llim-
garian, or Pole, exceeded their sacrifices made
when tardily accepted. And thisis the race now
asking our favor.
Those who fought and who pay taxes maybe
one half the adult male population of thisDis-
trict. Grant that the other half are ignorant, are
they not as safe as the whites in sympathy with
rebels? Thousands went South as officers, sol-
diers, and spies from this District. Here it was
that a hot-headed traitor gathered his inspira-
tion and found accomplices to murder our Presi-
dent. Loyalty here 1 I have heard scores for
years vent their sympathy with rebels; and noth-
ing but cowardice prevented them entering the
rebel ranks. No, I will never prefer a white
traitor to a loyalist black.
Mr. Speaker, it will be one of the most, joy-
ful occasions of my life to give expression to
my gratitude by voting a ballot to those who
owed us so little, yet have aided us so faithfully
and well. My conscience approves it as a hu-
mane act to the millions who for centuries have
groaned under a terrible realization that on the
side of the oppressor there is power. At my
western prairie home for years 1 sheltered the
fleeing bondmen, when a price was set on my
head. Human fiends have there, in ambush,
sought my life since a member of this House;
