1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3207
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
captain joiin ii. crowell.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back Senate bill
No. 278, for the relief of Captain John II.
Crowell, assistant quartermaster in the United
States Army, with the recommendation that it
do pass.
The bill provides that the proper accounting
officers of the Treasury Department be, and
they are hereby, authorized to allow Cap-
tain John H. Crowell, on a settlement of his
accounts, a credit of ยง225 for so much money
disbursed by him to persons in the service of
the United States, in payment for such services,
the vouchers for which payment were captured
by the rebels and destroyed in an attack upon
the camp at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, where
said John H. Crowell was stationed, on the
5th day of August, 18G2, if, on examining the
accounts of said Crowell, the Quartermaster
General shall deem said Crowell justly entitled
to said credit, and shall certify his approval
thereof to said accounting officers.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body insisted on its amendments to
House bill No. 492, making appropriations for
the repair, preservation, and completion of
certain public works heretofore commenced
under authority of law, and for other pur-
pose', disagreed to by the House, and asked
for a committee of conference.
equalization of bounties.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of a resolution
adopted by the Soldiers' and Sailors' National
Union League, of Wisconsin, in favor of equal-
ization of bounties ; and the same was referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
evidence of the deatii of soldiers.
Mr. PERHAM, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back papers in re-
lation to the evidence of the death of officers
and soldiers missing in battle ; and the same,
as provision was already made on the subject,
were laid on the table.
edwin chouse et al. again.
Mr. SIIELLABARGEIl moved to recon-
sider the vote by which House joint resolution
No. 100, ordering the names of First Lieuten-
ants Edwin Crouse, Jesse W. Dungan, and
Joseph Parker to be placed and borne on the
muster-rolls of the Army of the United States
was laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BINGHAM. I desire to say to my col-
league that owing to an amendment in the bill
in the Senate it will not cover this case. The
case is the same in principle precisely as that
already passed upon in the House without a
division.
I desire to say one word further. Owing to
the limitation of thirty days which, for politic
purposes, it was thought fit to put into the
original bill, these soldiers will be really ex-
cluded from its operation.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. There are many
other cases which will not be covered by that
bill, and it seems to me the committee had
better report a bill which will cover all these
cases. If this goes through, I am afraid the
zeal of our friends will not be as great asif this
were dependent upon a general bill.
Mr. ROSS. This had better go to the com-
mittee. I object.
The SPEAKER. The time for objection
has passed.
Mr. HALE. Has this bill been before any
committee?
The SPEAKER. It has been before the
Committee on Military Affairs. It was re-
ported back by them, and laid on the table,
and then reconsidered.
Mr. HALE. I move to refer it to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recom-
mit it to the Committee on Military Affairs,
with instruction to report a general bill cover-
ing all cases of this kind.
Mr. ROSS. I ask for a division of the
question. I do not want to vote for the in-
structions.
The SPEAKER. A motion to recommit
with instructions is not divisible.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I demand the
previous question on the motion.
Mr. ROSS. I move to recommit without
instructions.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope it will not be
recommitted at all.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I appeal to the
gentleman from Iowa to allow me to make a
statement about this case.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would rather take
the vote.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. It has been before
the Committee on Military Affairs and they
have reported adversely upon it.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, no quorum voted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to make a
suggest ion, that the bill go to the committee
with instructions, and with leave to report at
any time.
Mr. ROSS. I object to that.
Mr. WILSON, of Towa. I will say, then,
without instructions and with leave to report
at any time.
Mr. RO.SS. I do not object to that.
The bill was accordingly recommitted with-
out instructions, and with leave to report at
any time.
joseph b. roper.
On motion of Mr. DELANO, the Committee
of Claims was discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition and papers of Joseph
B. Roper, for indemnity for loss of property by
Indians, and the same were referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
leave of absence.
Mr. WARD asked and obtained leave of
absence for two weeks for his colleague, Mr.
IIart, and also for Mr. Clarke, of Kansas.
The SPEAKER asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. Wright for one week.
adverse reports.
"Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee of Claims, reported adversely
upon the following cases, and they were laid
upon the table:
George C. Johnson, Ohio.
Eliza T. Morehead, District of Columbia.
James Preston Beek, administrator, &c.,
New Mexico.
James L. Johnson, survivor, &c., New
Mexico.
William Townsend, Ohio.
The City of Omaha, Nebraska.
F. M. and B. II. Bixby, New York.
Eliza Jane Chancy, Maryland.
Amzi L. Burns, Pennsylvania.
Baptist and United Brethren Churches, Ty-
rone, Pennsylvania.
Ilufus P. Hawks, Georgia.
And then, on motion of Mr. WILSON, of
Iowa, (at four o'clock and fifteen minutes p.
m.,)the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. AMISS: The petition of Jolm Tildcn, and
others, citizens of Marsh field, Massachusetts, praying
for an amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, and the passage of such laws as shall secure
equal civil and religious rights to all loyal inhabit-
ants, without regard to race or descent.
By Mr. BEAM AN: The petition of Betsy P. Parker,
and 112 others, women of the United States, praying
for an amendment of the Constitution of the United
States that shall prohibit theseveral States from dis-
franchising any of their citizens on the ground of
sex.
By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Rev. Charles
Brooks, B. Pitman, Jolm Kneeland, and Goorgo 13.
Emerson, citizens of Massachusetts, in favor of the
passage of the bill establishing a Bureau of National
education.
By Mr. DAVIS: The petition of L. L. Cole, E.
B. Ilitchcock, and 216 others, citizens of Cortland
county, New York, praying for the act postponing
the date for the imposition of the tax of ton per cent,
upon the circulation of State banks now fixed for
July 1,1868.
By Mr. DENISON: The petition of A. Clark, ask-
ing the renewal of a patentin fastening of forks upon
the handles.
By Mr. JOHNSON: The petition of assistant as-
sessors of tho eleventh district of Pennsylvania, for
increased compensation.
Also, the petition of citizens of Carbon county,
Pennsylvania, in favor of State insurances.
By Mr. MORRIS: The petition of Oliver Slack, a
banker of Penn Yan, New York, and 120 others, ask-
ing lor an extension of the time of withdrawing the
en dilation of the State banks of the State of New
York.
A!so, the petition of Charles Shepard, and 100 oth-
ers, of Dansvilie, New York; and also a petition of
citizens of Jefferson county, upon tho same subject.
By Sir. MYUliS: The petition of J. B. Allen, late
lieutenant and quartermaster,scvcnty-secondPenn-
sylvania volunteer.'-, for relief from responsibility for
certain money accounts lost during tho Antietam
campaign.
Also, the memorial of Henry It. Kalusowski, ask-
ing an appropri ati on of $2,500 to purchase and pay for a
bust of General Ivazinczy Pulaski, killed at Savannah
during the revolutionary war, which bust was exe-
cuted by the late HemvD. Saunders, of Philadel-
phia, at flic vpciuost of tho Joint Library Cuminittco
of tho Thirty-Jj'ourth Congress, as a companion to
that of Kosciusko, purchased from him by Congress.
By Mr. RAYMOND: A memorial of merchants,
and others, of the city of New York, praying Con-
gress to take steps to remove a sunken wreck which
obstructs navigation at tlic entrance of New York
harbor.
Bv Mr. WJ/'.XTWOltTH: A petition from citizens
of Illinois, for a survey of the route of a canal con-
necting tho Mississippi and Illinois rivers at La
Salle.
Also, the petition of Colonel 11. N. Frisbie, of New
Orleans, for the improvement of levees at that city.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, June 16,18GG.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. By order of the House,
no business is in order to-day except debate
as in Committee of the Whole on the Presi-
dent's animal message, upon which the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian] is entitled to
the floor.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to give notice to
the House that to-day, I think, is the last Sat-
urday of this session which the House will be
able to devote to general discussion. There-
fore I trust that members will make the most
of it, and be prepared to work every other day
while the session lasts, which I hope will bo
but a short time longer.
mileage of members.
Mr. GARFIELD. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the House to a matter which I presume
may be of interest to every member here, and
to give notice of a resolution which I design to
offer on Monday next. I will ask the Clerk to
read the resolution at this time for the infor-
mation of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
Hemlved, That the Committee on Mileage bo di-
rected to examine and report what discrepancy, if
anv, there was between the amount of mileage claimed
by members and the amount allowed by the Mileage
Committee of the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and that
the Mileaaro Committee of this House bo directed in
no ease to allowmore mileage to anyxnember than is
claimed by him.
Mr. GRIDER. I desire to say that in my
opinion this resolution would do no good, but
rather embarrass the committee.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] merely gives notice that he
proposes to offer the resolution just read on
Monday next.
Mr. "GARFIELD. A few days ago there
