1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1287r
Mr. CLARK. I find that several Senators
desire to come to a vote on the original propo-
sition as one which they like best. I prefer
that original proposition myself if it can be
carried, and therefore .[.withdraw this amend-
ment for the present, and if the original prop-
osition fails I shall offer it hereafter as an
independent measure.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendment to the amendment being
■withdrawn, the question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts.
Mr. SUMNER. No action having been
taken upon my amendment, 1 suppose it is
competent for m% to modify it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. SUMNER. I modify it so as to make
it read, after the cnacting clause, as follows:
That in nil States lately declared to be in rebellion
there shall be no oligarchy, aristocracy, castc, or
monopoly invested with peculiar privileges and pow-
ers; and there shall be no denial of rights, civil or
political, on account of color or race, but all persons
shall be equal belore the law, whether in the court-
room or at the ballot-box. And this statute, made
in pursuance of the Constitution, shallbc the supreme
law of the land, anything in the Constitution or laws
of any such State to the contrary notwithstanding.
It will bo observed that this is applicable
only to the States recently declared to be in
rebellion. There is another proposition from
the distinguished Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] which is applicable to all the States.
Believing as I do that either proposition is con-
sistent with the Constitution, I can sustain his
and of course my own ; but I have thought it
best to hare a vote on the proposition which is
applicable only to the rebel States, leaving it
to the Senator from Illinois to move his appli-
cable to all the States of the Union. I sug:
gest to the Senator to move it after this amend-
ment of mine has been acted upon.
Mr. YATES. My amendment is not in or-
der at this time, as I understand.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, still pur-
suing the same order of discussion, permit me
to make a suggestion to the gentleman from
Massachusetts, as he belongs to those who in-
habit the classical regions and knows some-
thing of Parnassus. He who stood upon that
burning mount, the practice of which made him
invisible, had seraphim marshaled in order
about him according to the law of command,
the law of order which compels the necessity
of rule, and the rule must be by the superior,
and you cannot make the inferior rule. In my
best judgment, instead of the policy indicated
being a kindly policy to the African blood, it
will be their destruction. In my own observa-
tion I have seen.twenty-five thousand Indians
at one time in a single valley, and when I left
my home to comc here there were not two hun-
dred and fifty of them remaining. They had
been sacrificed by this kind of humanity. And
so, "Alas, the poor negro!'' as it was said long
time ago. "Alas, the poor Indian 1"
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on his amendment, and they were ordered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not rise to say a
word except simply that I shall vote against
this amendment, as I shall vote against the
proposition of the committee, because I intend
to offer the following:
After the census, to bo taken in the year 1870, and
each succeeding census, Representatives shall bo ap-
portioned a,mon? the several States which may be in-
cluded witliin this Union, according to the numberm
each State of male electors over twenty-one years of
age, qualified by the laws thereof, to choose mem-
bers of the most numerous branch of its Legislature;
and direct taxes shall bo apportioned among the sev-
eral States according to the value of the real and per-
sonal taxable property situate in each State, not be-
longing lo the State or to tlic United States.
I shall vote against these propositions, intend-
in«* to offer and urge the one I have just stated.
'The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment proposed by Mr. Sumner,
resulted—}"eas 8, nays 39 ; as follows:
yeas—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Ilowe, Pomeroy,
Sumner, Wade, ilson, and ^ ates—S.
NAYS—Mesais. Anthony, Buekalew, Clark, Cnn-
nc<s Cow-in Cra<jin, Creswell, Davis, Dixon, Donht-
tie; Fessonden, Foster tirimes,
derson, Hendricks, Johnson
Indiana,Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Moigan, Mor
rill, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Poland, Ramsey, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton,
Trumbull. Yon Winkle, Willey, and Williams—39.
A13SKNT—Messrs. Foot, Howard,and Wright—3.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. Y ATES. I move to strike out all of the
resolution after its enacting clause, and to in-
sert :
That no State or Territory of the United States
shall by any constitution, law, or other regulation
whatever, heretofore in force or hereafter to be
adopted, make or enforce in any way, or in any man-
ner recognize any distinction between citizens of the
United States or of any State or Territory, on account
of race or color or provious eonditionof slavery ; and
that hereafter all citizens, without distinction of
race, color, or previous condition of slavery, shall be
protected in the full and equal enjoyment and exer-
cise of all their civil and political rights, including
the right of suffrage.
On this amendment I ask for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CLARK. I think the amendment of the
Senator from Illinois is offered as a substitute
for the resolution of the committee.
Mr. YATES. Itis.
Mr. CLAHlv. Before the question is taken
011 that. I move to perfect the resolution by
striking out the proviso and inserting in lieu
of it:
But whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State in the election of Represent-
atives to Congress or other offices, municipal. State,
or national, on account of race, color, or descent, or
previous condition of servitude, or by any provision
0 f 1 aw not equally applicable to all races and descents,
all persons of such race, color, descent, and condition
shall be excluded from tlio basis of representation as
prescribed in the second section of the first articlo of
the Constitution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The first
question is on the amendment of the Senator
from New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. The object of the amendment
is to perfect the original resolution so that it
shall not be evaded, so that if persons are dis-
qualified from voting by reason of slavery or
any provision of law not equally applicable to
all classes they shall not be counted in the
basis of representation. On this amendment
1 ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 20, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conncss, Cragin,Creswell, Fesseudon.Fostei.Grimes,
Harris, llondoison, Howard, IIowe.Laneof Indiana,
Morgan, Morrill, iNyc, Poland, Pomerov, bprague,
Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wilson, and
y o tcv—'0
NAYS—Messrs. Bnckalew, Cowan, Davis, Dixon,
Dooliitle, Huthrie, llcndncks. Johnson. Ivirkwootl,
Lane ol Kansas, McDougall. Nesmith, Aorton, lad-
die Saulsburv. Sherman, Stewart, Stockton, Van
Winkle, and Williams—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Foot, Howard, Ramsey, and
Wright—4.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is now oil the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Yates,] upon
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
Mr. POLAND. Let it be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all of the resolution after the
resolving clause, and in lieu of the words
sti ickcn out to insert the following:
That no State or Territory of the United States
shall by any constitution, law, or other regulation
whatever, heretofore, enforced, or hereafter to be
adopted, make or eniorce in anyway, or many man-
ner icco"ni7e any distinction between citizens oi the
United States, or of any State or Territory, on account
of race or color or previousconditionot slavery; and
that herenfterall citizens, without distinction of race,
color or previous condition of shivery, shall be pro-
tected in the full and equal enjoyment and cxercise
of all their civil and political rights, including the
right of suffrage.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 7, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Pomeroy, Sum-
ner, Wade, Williams, and Yates—7.
NAYS- Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Clark, Con-
ness, Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Davis, Dixon, Doo-
littlc, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Gutarie, llniris,
Henderson, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana,
Bane of Kansas. McDougall. Jlorgan, Morrill, Nes-
mitlj, Norton, Kyc, Poland, Ramsey, llidulo, v auis-
bury. Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, JLrum-
bull, Van Winkle, Willey, and Wilson—38.
ABSENT—Messrs. Foot, Howard, Howe, John-
son, and Wright—5.
So the amendment was rejected. ,
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Now, in pursuance of
the notice which I gave, I offer this as a substi-
tute for the joint resolution of the committee:
That the following article be proposed to the le- 1
gislatures of tho several States as an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, which, when
ratified by three fourths of saidlegislatures, shall ba' :
valid as part of said Constitution, namely:
Article—. After the census, to be taken in the year
1870, and each succeeding census. Representatives
shall be apportioned among tho several States which
may bo included within this Union, according to the
number in each State of male electors over twenty-
one years of age, qualified by tho laws thereof to
ohoose members of the most numerous branch of its
Legislature; and direct taxes shall be apportioned
among the several States according to tho value of-
the real and personal taxable property situate in each
State not belonging to the State or to tho United
States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do-not wish now to de-
tain the Senate, by moving to amend this prop-
osition, as I shall have to do if the Senator
presses a vote upon it. I desire to make a sug-
gestion to him and to the Senate so as to expe-
dite the attainment of a result. I suggest to
the Senate whether we had not better now take
a definite vote on the proposition of the com-
mittee. If it be defeated, as tho Senator who
reported it seemed to think it would be, then
any Senator who votes with the successful party
may move a reconsideration, and then these
other propositions can be offered. The Sena-
tor from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] has staled
to me that he will vote against the proposition,
and if it fails he will move a reconsideration in
order to enable us then to test the sense of the
Senate on the question of basing representation •
on voters. That is the quickest and easiest
way by which we can accomplish the result of
getting the sense of the Senate. If the Senator
from Wisconsin insists upon liis amendment
now, I shall have to move two or three amend-
ments to it which will take time, and then tho
vote taken will be unsatisfactory.
I hope we shall at once lake the vote upon
tho resolution of the committee. If it receives
two thirds of the votes of the Senate, it will be
adopted. If it be not adopted, then in the
manner T suggest we can got a vote on the other
propositions. I think that it is the best way.
It, is too late in the evening for us to go oil
proposing all variety of amendments.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
taking that course if we can now come to a
direct vote on the proposition of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
understands the amendment of the Senator from
Wisconsin to be withdrawn.
Mr. POMEIiOY. There are some Senators
who desire to vote for the proposition of the
Senator from Wisconsin, but who, if that shall
be defeated, will vote for the resolution reported
by the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ If two thirds agree to the
report of the committee, let it stand.
Mr. PO MEROY. I shall vote for the report
of tho committee if we cannot do better. I
would rmicli prefer, however, to vote for tn.6
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin.
Mr. SHERMAN. But this is the condition
in which we are placed: there are Senators here
who say they prefer the report of the com-
mittee, and they will therefore vote now against
thepropositionto base representation on voters,
and we shall not get a fair test of that proposi-
tion in any other way than that I have sug-
gested. I "think we had better take the vote m
the way 1 have suggested.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire toget in some
wav the sense of the Senate on the proposition
which I have offered as it stands. I am not
very particular whether that vote shall be taken
now, by wav of antagonism to the present propo-
sition, or afterward. The Senator from Kansas
expressed his strong preference fortius propo-
sition as it stands to the proposition that comes
from the committee, and says tuat unless it be
offered now he shall be compelled to vote for
the proposition that comes from the committee.
