1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4167
say that it is necessarily treason to hold any'
office whatever in the States of the South dur-
ing the rebellion. I am not prepared to go
so far. I do not think it is the spirit of the
statute, or the spirit of the rule of the Senate;
but, sir, I agree with the Senator from Penn-
sylvania upon the technical question made by
him that the px-oposed Senator is to take the
oath under the rule; and if that oath be not
true, then the question comes up before the
Senate whether the Senate has been offended
by that act, and upon that question two thirds
alone cau render an effective vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I desire
to say in very few words that, in my opinion,
looking over the whole field of the tfar and our
operations with this rebellion, it was the loyalty
of East Tennessee which saved us in the strug-
gle ; and I believe further, from the history
which I have had, that of all the men in East
Tennessee there is no man who, in his whole
character during the rebellion, did more to
sustain the loyalty of East Tennessee than the
present applicant for a seat. I shall not go
into the details. There seems to be a wrong
impression, I think, resting on the minds of
some in relation to the circumstances under
which it is said he accepted the office of judge
in the State of Tennessee.
Sir, when the rebellion came it found liim
one of the judges of the State of Tennessee.
During his office as such, after the rebellion
began, he charged in the face of the people of
Tennessee that those who were engaged in the
rebellion against the United States were guilty
of treason, while the rebel Governor of Ten-
nessee and his myrmidons were calling upon
him and insisting that he should charge that
to raise troojis for the Federal Government was
treason against the confederate States. Ife
refused to do so. He was arrested time and
again. The order of Benjamiu, the pretended
secretary of war, was out against him to have
him seized and confined at Tuscaloosa during
the whole war. Itwasundercircumstanceslike
these that his office expired, and at the solicita-
tion of the Union men of Tennesseehe consented
to be a candidate under the laws of the State of
Tennessee, no one of which had been changed
but existed precisely as before the rebellion
began. He consented, as I understand, to be
a candidate. His competitor was an open rebel,
and, as a Union man, at the solicitation of the
Union men of Tennessee, he consented to run,
and was elected by the loyal people of East
Tennessee by four thousand majority. He took
the oalli of office as judge of the State of Ten-
nessee ; and when the oath was administered
to him by the officer that administered it—under
the circumstances by which he was surrounded,
he was compelled to take the oath to which
reference has been made, to support the con-
federate States government, and at the time he
took it, to the officer who administered it he
declared that he would spit upon the oath, that
he took it at the point of the bayonet and under
duress, accepting the office at the solicitation
of the Union men to keep the office and all the
power of that office in East Tennessee out of
the hands of rebels, which would have crushed
down still further the Union men of that State.
This, sir, is what I have been informed of
the history of these transactions, and there is
nothing in this, in my judgment, which shows
on his part any assent of his whatever to act
in behalf of the confederate government, and
he never did act in behalf of the confederate
government, officially or otherwise. His house
was the home of the fleeing men who sought
their way through the mountains from North
and South Carolina. His fortune was at their
disposal. He organized a system by which the
men of East Tennessee ran into Kentucky and
flocked to our armies by thousands upon thou-
sands. To talk about condemning such a man
as having been guilty of a crime against the
United States or having intentionally violated
any obligation of the duty which he owed to
us) is to me simply without any foundation
whatever.
I will not take up'time in relation to this
matter. I think what has been said by others
is sufficient to justify tlie ordinary course of
proceeding in this case as in the case of all
other Senators who apply for admission.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin made the remark he
has just made, I had made up my mind to vote
against this reference as unnecessary ; but I do
not know but that what he has said will com-
pel me to vote for it. On the general subject
I hold that rules as to the form and manner in
which we shall admit an associate into this
body coming from a State are properly set-
tled by the majority either by a specific rule or
by custom. It has been the custom of the Sen-
ate from time immemorial, undoubtedly, when
credentials are presented in duo form, upon
their presentation to have the member quali-
fied and let him take his seat. The very re-
markable and anomalous state of things grow-
ing out of the rebellion rendered it absolutely
necessary to take a somewhat different course,
and when the credentials were presented by the
late Senator from Oregon, Mr. Stark, certain
papers were sent to me to be presented to the
Senate. Those papers contained a great deal
of proof, affidavits charging and going to show
disloyalty 011 the part of the member presenting
himself, disloyal sentiments and expressions.
In the state in which the country then was, new
as it was to our experience, I deemed that the
Senate had a perfect right, and it was its duty
before proceeding to make him a member of
this body, to inquire into a fact so material;
and when his credentials were presented [ rose
and presented the papers ami moved the refer-
ence of the credentials and papers themselves,
thus leaving the whole question to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary to be investigated.
It was a new case which was argued at length
in the Senate, and it was finally decided bythe
Senate that the course I proposed was aproper
disposition of the subject. It thus formed a
new precedent, and a precedent necessary, in
my judgment, at the time, arising from the pe-
culiar state of affairs. I afterwards became
satisfied that there was nothing in the case
which should properly exclude Mr. Stark, and
voted for his admission.
Yesterday when the credentials of the hon-
orable Senator from Tennessee [Mr. Fowler]
were presented, it was my opinion that in the
condition of things in which we found ourselves
the advisable course was to submit all the'ere-
dentials coming from the late confederate
States, in the first instance, to the Committee
on the .J udiciary. I knew that in his case that
would be a meic form ; but I regarded it, as a
precedent, as an advisable mode of proceeding,
owing to the fact that we did not know under
what state of facts other gentlemen claiming
to be Senators might come here from the late
confederate States. My opinion was expressed
to some members of the Senate, but I was
overruled by wiser men than myself and some
who are now perhaps in favor of referring these
credentials. They thought it was not worth
while to refer the credentials; they said it was
contrary to usage, and we must follow the
ordinary usage, which was, when credentials
were laid upon our table in due form from a
State which we admitted to be a member of
the Union, that the Senator should be sworn
in ; and that course was pursued in Mr. Fow-
ler' s case. This morning when the creden-
tials of the other gentleman claiming to be a
Senator from Tennessee were presented, that
precedent having been established, though
against my opinion, I was not inclined to ex-
tend one rule to one man and another rule to
another. The Senate must take the conse-
quences of its own rule established in relation
to that matter. Those who have these things
under consideration and who ordinarily decide
them for the Senate having so determined, I
did not choose to interpose any objection.
Now, sir, how does this particular case stand?
I was not disposed to attach to the mere state-
ment made by the Senator from Massachu-
setts and the_ Senator from Michigan that im-
portance which would induce mo to change
the opinion to which I had comc with regard
to the case, namely, that we should apply to
this gentleman the same rule that we yester-
day applied to his colleague ; and why? Be-
cause they presented no proof, they presented
no papers, they made no speeifie charges as of
their own knowledge; they did not state that
they knew any fact of themselves, nor did any-
body state so. On a mere rumor, on a mere
outside statement, on a rumor that somebody
told somebody else that such a fact existed, I
would not vary from the ordinary rule of the
Senate, but would regard it as a rumor not
affording a sufficient foundation for proceeding.
That was the conclusion to which I had arrived
in my own mind; but here the Senator from
Wisconsin gets up and tells us what I did not
suppose to be the fact, what had not been es-
tablished, what nobody had asserted, that this
gentleman actually took an oath to support the
confederacy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the Senator allow
me a word?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I stated, upon my in-
formation from the history of the times and of
the country, what I understood the facts to -be.
I did not state it by authority from any gentle-
man. I stated it just as the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts stated his objection, and as the Sen-
ator from Michigan stated what he understood
about it from rumor or from history. By way
of reply to those Senators, T stated what I had
heard, of it, because I did not wish a statement
of the facts to go out to the country in such a
shape as to prejudice this case one way or
the other. The Senator has 110 right to claim
that I made any statement more than the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts or the Senator from
Michigan.
Mx\ IIOWAI1D. I understood the honorable
Senator from Wisconsin to make a very specific
statement in regard to the taking of the oath,
going into particulars.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I listened to the hon-
orable Senatoi from Wisconsin with a great
deal of attention, and I was surprised that,
arguing that the gentleman from Tennessee
should be allowed to come forward and qual-
ify, he should have gone 011 and given a history
of what he professed to know and a statement
of the circumstances under which Mr. Patter-
son took the oath to support the confederate
government, and all about it. Before that I
regarded it as acascnotproved, not sufficiently
worthy of my attention to inducc me to vote for
a reference; and 1 was somewhat astounded
at the statements of the honorable Senator from
Wisconsin, professing, as i thought from the
way in which lie said it, to know all about the
case. I supposed he spoke from authority.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I spoke from the author-
ity of what I have seen and heard.
Mr. FESSENDEN". If the Senator now says
that he spoke merely from rumor, that he does
not know whether the statements I10 made were
true or not, that he does not know anything
about the facts, that is another thing.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 stated what I have
been informed and what I believe to be true.
If the Senator takes my statement upon it, I
believe it to be true that when the oath was
administered to him which is said to have been
administered it was at the point of the bayonet.
Now let the Senator take the statement.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am perfectly willing
to take it; I have been taking it all along;
[laughter ;] and I am ready to take more of it
if the Senator has got any more that he wants
me to take. I do not like that style of address,
though; that kind of physic docs not operate
much on me.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As to the style of ad-
dross between the honorable Senator and my-
self, or the honorable Senator and other Sen-
ators in the Chamber, I am perfectly willing to
submit my style as compared with Lis to the
judgment of the Senate. I do not think that
