2248
THE COMmiSSTONAT/ GLOBE.
April 28,
these misgaidecl people, bat only by way of cau-
tion atid warning to ourselves. I come to the
conclusion, therefore, that they do not desire the
perpetuation of the Union. If we would remove
all restraints and give them freedom of choice
they would revive the confederacy at once.
They would take advantage of a war with
Great Britain or France to secure their inde-
pendence, and they would take advantage' of
their double representation here to promote
such a war. If no opportunity of escape
should soon offer, would they not still live in
hopes of it and in persistent hostility to the
country's obligations to the soldiers, widows,
orphans, and creditors of our war, and friendly
to the assumption of similar obligations created
by themselves in the interest of the rebellion?
Even in advance 'of their own coming a portion
of their vast claims have reached your files.
When my colleague [Mr. Randall] from the
Democratic side proposed that the national
faith, pledged in war, should not be broken in
peace, there was one voice from Kentucky
against it—only one by count, but considering
the quarter from which it came, multitudinous |
in omen. A bill has also been introduced by
a gentleman, sometimes called the Democratic
leader in this House, to repudiate in part the
public debt under pretense of taxing it, in vio-
lation of the laws by which it was created.
These cannot be regarded as the oddities of
one or two men, but rather as impulsive confes-
sions of imprudentscouts, too far in advance of
the following army. The purpose will not be
generally disclosed until the forces are arranged
for its execution.
I am speaking now only of the dangers that
will beset the Republic by the allowance of a
representation unfriendly to its prosperity and
even its existence in such disproportionate
numbers. But we should not forget that this
act is also a recognition as republican in form
of constitutions, we have never seen (except
that of Tennessee) and all, except those of Lin-
coln origin, under rebel supremacy. The white
Unionists who have been looking through five
dreary years of persecution, lynching, and con-
fiscation to this as their hour of deliverance,
will find themselves betrayed into the hands of
their old, unhumbled, unrelenting tormentors.
It also consigns the frcedmen to the tyranny
of old masters, not now as heretofore bribed to
humanity by a moneyed interest in the preserva-
tion of their chattel estates. Twenty-five per
cent., says an honorable gentleman who pre-
sents his back offensively to the North as he
makes his low obeisance South, twenty-five per
cent, have already perished. The wish no
doubt was father to the thought with the mas-
ters in whose interest the declaration is made.
These, then, are my premises. I will repeat
them:
1. There are only about five million disloyal
population in the country.
2. This population when fully restored to
the Union, the Constitution and laws remain-
ing unamended, will hold more than one third
of its representative power and the supreme
control of at least thirteen States.
3. They will bo interested to use that -power
for the division of the Union ; and, failing in
that, for the repudiation of its military and
financial obligations.
How, what is to be done? If these States
are denied representation, it violates the fun-
damental principle of republican government.
If allowed adouole and hostile representation,
the Union itself must be destroyed or pre-
served at the expense of another war.
Three remedies are proposed:
1. Disfranchise some portion of the rebels.
2. Allow all the rebels to vote, but neutral-
ize their disunion sentiments by enfranchising
the blacks in these States.
3. Equalize representation by taking as its
basis either the number of voters or the popu-
- lation, minus the disfranchised classes ; so that
" these States shall have no more representation
in proportion to their represented people than
the old free States have.
Either proposition would require an amend-
ment to the Constitution, to be accepted by the
rebel States as a condition-precedent to their
restoration. It is also proposed to couple with
either proposition a second amendment, pro-
hibiting the assumption of rebel^ debts and
claims either by States or the United States.
The third proposition has commended itself
to much the largest number of Union members,
and the amendments to thateffect have already
passed this House by more than a two-thirds
vote. This, then, so far as this House is con-
cerned, is the congressional plan of reconstruc-
tion. All we ask of the rebel leaders who are
wrongly charging us with having no policy at
all, but designing to exclude them for an indefi-
nite period, is a little time to put in form of
fundamental law these pledges of future peace.
For five years they have been out upon plague-
infected seas. Can they n'ot tarry at quarantine
for a single session ?
Stripped of all disguises, herein lies the main
disagreement. Shall these States be recog-
nized at once in their present temper, without
guarantees of any kind and with a twofold rep-
resentation? It is not whether they shall be
represented at all; to that we all agree. There
may be a little question of time ; a difference
of a few weeks or a few months, and that is
all Shall they bo represented twice over, once
in their own names and once in the name of
the negroes? Shall they come in upon a rep-
resentative basis that clothes a white man of
the South with almost as much again political
power as a northern man controls ? That gives
two white voters in South Carolina as much
voice in the selection of a President and in the
legislation of this House as five voters in Penn-
sylvania possess ? That practically giyes to one
seventh of your population, disloyal at that,
more than one third of your power? That,
sir, is the great question before this House and
the American public. It is an effort on the part
of the Opposition to carry into the politics of
the country the old problem by which sixteen
is made the majority of forty-nine. In England
it is called the system of " rotten boroughs."
It has long been the subject of political strife
between the free and slave-labor counties of
Maryland, Virginia, and Tennessee. And when
it is everywhere else abandoned as a per-
nicious and anti-republiean theory of represen-
tation, we are asked to make it the basis of
reconstruction in the model Republic.
The enactment of these two simple and brief
amendments, or others similar in purpose, is
so absolutely necessary for the preservation of
the Republic and the discharge of its obliga-
tions to its soldiers and creditors, and is so just
and even generous to the insurgents, that they
ought to receive the assent of every Union man,
especially of every northern Union man. The
Opposition do not dare to discuss their merits.
While some deny that we have any plan of
reconstruction, others assail it with insidious
and deceptive objections. Some of these I
propose to notice here.
First of all, they complain of the consump-
tion of time. Five months have passed, and
not a rebel admitted, is the complaining accu-
sation. The Opposition are impatient. They
cannot wait. Come in at once, say they, to the
"erring brethren." Do not wait to dropyour
side arms or exchange your disloyal garments.
Bills to protect the loyal men of the South
against your pretended violence are pending
now. come and help defeat them. We will
soon have bills to enlarge pensions and equalize
bounties to the soldiers you have maimed and
the widows you have made ; your advice and
votes will be needed. A bill to give bounty
land to the "boys in blue" could not be de-
feated nor the "butternuts" included without
you. A bill to lift theburdens of taxation from
the industry of the country and place it upon
your foreign confederates, through exported
cotton, will need your attention. Hurry up
your organizations. Do not wait to heal lips
blistered with a donble oath of broken fealty
before you kiss the Holy Evangelists with an-
other. We have buried our sons and are lan-
guishing to clasp the hands of their murderers.
When once admitted, deny that you ever tried
to break up the Government, but swear on all
occasions that the Lincoln party were and are
the traitors.
The complainants have only themselves to
blame for much- of this delay. Except for
their persistent opposition the .amendments
would have been submitted months ago to
the Legislatures then in session in the loyal
States, and been assented to", no dotibt, by the
constitutional number. .Except for their own
opposition they might now be welcoming back
their long-mourned friends to seats in these
Halls. But they would consent to nothing
that did not return them greater in numbers,
and more malevolent in purpose. Hence the
delay. Hinc Ulce lacrimal.
Next we are told that it conflicts with the
"President's policy." What is the" Presi-
dent's policy? I aver, first, that the Presi-
dent, when last authoritatively heard from, was
in favor of the principle embodied in each of
the proposed amendments. Of the first one,
because he required the confederate States to
adopt it; of the second one_, because he has
repeatedly declared himself in favor of mak-
ing the number of voters the basis of repre-
sentation. I aver, second, that he does not
consider the status of the States such, that
their assent to constitutional amendments can-
not be required as conditions-precedent to
their restoration, because he directed Mr.
Seward to inform these States that their as-
sent, to the amendment proposed in the last
Congress was "indispensable" to restoration;
and because he has not himself dealt with
them as if they were States already in the
Union. When the confederacy fell they were
in full operation under governments origi-
nally organized in the Union. Governors,
Legislatures, judges, and a full set of county
and township officers were at work under con-
stitutions once declared to be republican in
form by the United States. These govern-
ments were regular unless you assent to the
doctrine of forfeiture, for they had political
continuity, what the church people call apos-
tolic succession. Yet they were destroyed by
the President's order and new ones extempo-
rized in their stead.
From that time to this, in these States, the
breath of the President lias been the law of the
land. Mr. Johnson went much further in this
direction than his predecessor. Mr. .Lincoln
established governments only in States where -
he found none existing before, but Mr. John-
son first destroyed existing governments .and
then supplied their places with those of his own
creation. So, both by words, and actions which
speak louder than, words, the President assents
to every principle involved in the congressional
policy of reconstruction. Indeed, the two pol-
icies could not well conflict, because they relate
to different subjects. The one creates or re-
vives State organizations, the other renews
their Federal relations. When these organi-
zations were complete, and the States ready to
apply to Congress for a return to the Union, the
President's policy was ended. His work was
all done. The rest was for Congress. So he
directed his Secretary of State to inform Gov-
ernor Sharkey, July 24, 1865, Governor Mar-
vin, September 12,1865, and so he informed us
in his annual message. If he has changed his
policy since then it is hardly worth while to
inquire what it is now, for his principles are
written in water.
I do not wish to disguise the fact that while
he approves the two amendments and believes
the power exists to require their adoption as
conditions of return, he thinks it unnecessary
to insist upon any terms additional to those
imposed by himself. It is in this opinion that
his old^ persecutors, the defeated enemies of
the Union, the foiled plotters of his assassina-
tion, have taken heart, and with cruel malice
conspired with northern sympathizers to pur-
sue him with their unrelenting friendship.
Their last hope for the destruction of this
country lies in the seduction of its friends.
War failed them, they resort to diplomacy.
