1288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mo re.li 9,
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to say to the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin 
Mr. D 00 LITTLE. I yield to the request
of niy friend from Ohio.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment in line
four, after the word "Legislatures," to insert
the words "next hereafter to be chosen in
each State." I •will only say a word on this
amendment. My object is to bring the ques-
tion before the people, that they may have an
opportunity of considering and acting on the
subject. The Legislatures of most of the States
were elected before the subject of this partic-
ular proposition of amendment was thrown be-
fore the country. The consequence is, that it
could be brought before Legislatures that had
been elected by their constituencies when this
proposed amendment was not a question in
the canvass and before the people in regard
to which they elected their different Legisla-
tures. My object, as every gentleman will
immediately perceive, is, that the principle of
our Government, which lies at its foundation,
shall bo adhered to in the matter of this
amendment; that is, that the amendment shall
be made, if at all, by the people.
At this time half of the Legislatures, it is
said, are in session, or more than half; some
twenty or twenty-two. I have no doubt from
what we see in the papers that probably all
the Legislatures that are in session in the free
Stales would vote in favor of the amendment;
and 3'et if the proposition of amending the
Constitution was thrown before! the people of
all the States, one half of those Slates would
vote against the amendment. That would in-
volve the country in this dilemma: that the
Legislatures of the States would adopt an
amendment to the Constitution to which the
people were opposed, and that the Legislatures
of those States would vote for the adoption of ,
that particular amendment, when if the amend-
ment was submitted to their constituencies
now or had been before they were elceted,
their constituents would vole against it. It is
for the purpose of bunging Ihe proposed
amendment to the test of the true sovereign
power of the nation, the people, that 1 make
this motion. It is simply that the Legislatures
to which the amendment shall be submitted
shall be hereafter chosen by their constituents.
1 suppose Iluit. no gentleman who is favorable
to the great principle of our Government would
oppose that proposition. Have not the people
a right, is it. not. their right, and is it not the
best policy in relation to changing our funda-
meiilal law, that every proposition to make
such a change shall be considered by Ihe peo-
ple, that they shall have an opportunily to
judge of it and to net upon it when they are
called upon to elect their'menibers of the Le-
gislature who are to adopt orrejectlheparticu-
lar proposition? Can a proposition than that
bo more just, reasonable, and proper? I there-
fore hope I hat this amendment will prevail;
at any rate, 1 ask for the yeas and nays on it.
The yeas and luiys were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—)eas 12, nays -it ; as follows:
YEAS—Mesn-s. liuckalew, Cowan, Davis, Guthrie.
Hendricks, .Johnson, MoDoiik:iII, Nesmith, Itiddlo,
SauMmry, Sloekton.and Van Winkle—12.
NAYS—Mf.-rs. Aulhouy, Brown. Chandler, Clark,
Connev., f'rasin, f'reswell, ])i\-on, i'V«ondon, Foster,
(Jnnies. Ham*, Henderson, lurkwood, banc of In-
diana. Lane ol' Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, I'o-
3and. Poiueroi. Ilamsev, Sherman, SpraKuc, Stewart,
Sumner. 'Lumbal!, Wilioy, Williams, Wilson, and
"it ate.-.—.SI.
_Aij,SKXT—Messrs. OqoUttle, Foot, Howard, Howe,
Norton, Wade, and W) i'.:liI—7.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. SUMXEll. 1 move an amendment to
the resolution to strike out all after the word
"taxed"' and insert what I send to the Chair.
The Secisktaky. It is proposed to strike out
the following words :
But whenever the eleetive franchise shall be de-
nied or abridged in any State in thceleclion of Rep-
resentatives to Congress or any other officer, muni-
cipal, feUite, oi national, on account of race, color, or
de-scent, or previous condition of servitude, or by any
provision of law not equally applicable to all races
aaa descendants, all persons of such race, color, de-
scent, and condition shall be excluded from the basis
of representation as prescribed in the second section
of the first article of the Constitution.
And in lieu of them, to insert:
And tbe elective franchise shall not be denied or
abridged in any State on account of race or color.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a direct, positive
proposition, slightly different in its language
from the proposition on which the Sanate has
voted. I should like to have a vote on it by
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 8, nays 38; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Brown, Henderson, Ilowe, Poland,
Pomeroy, Sumner, Wade, and Yates—8.
• NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Buekalcw, Chandler,
Clark, Conness, Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Davis,
Pixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie,
Harris, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane of In-
diana, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan, Morrill,
Nesmith, Nye, Katnsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague, Stewart, Stockton, Trumbull, Van Winkle,
willev, Williams, and Wilson—38.
ABSENT — Messrs. Foot, Howard, Norton, and
Wright—4.
So the motion was rejected.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer another amendment,
to come in at the end of the resolution:
And they shall be exempt from taxation of all
kinds.
Now let the clause be read as it will be if
thus amended.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Atl persons of such race, color, descent, and condi-
tion shall be excluded from the, basis of represen-
tation as proscribed ill the second suction of the first
articloof the Constitution, and they shall be exempt
from taxation of all kinds.
Mr. SUMNER. The object of that is sim-
ply to carry out the original principle of our
fathers, to associate taxation and represen-
tation. By a solemn provision of the Consti-
tution it is proposed to declare that certain
persons shall not be included in the basis of
representation. I think in justice to them tlicy
ought not to be taxed. 1 You ought not here iu
the Constitution to repeat the tyranny of tax-
ation without representation. In so many words,
you are about to despoil them of represcn-
talion, and I say, in order to be consistent with
your own institutions and with the principles
upon which your Government is founded, you
must exempt them from taxation.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. 110 W E. Iam in the difficulty precisely
that the Senator from Kansas complained of.
I prefer to vote for the proposition submitted
by my colleague, but if that be rejected I shall
vote for this resolution of the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator will see that
some persons prefer the report of the commit-
tee, and they will vote "nay" on the proposi-
tion of your colleague. Now, let us take a fair
vole on (he proposition of the committee, and
then, if it is defeated, a Renal or here present
has ottered to move to reconsider.
Mr. HOWE. But if it is adopted, what
chance shall 1 have to get a vote on the other?
Mr. SHERMAN. If it is adopted by two
thirds, it'ought to be adopted ; that is all.
Mr. HOWE. Very well, I yield.
Mr. STEWART. I prefer to vote on the
proposition of the Senator from Wisconsin first.
I shall vot e for that and shall vole against this.
^ Mr. SHERMAN. You will have a chance.
The motion to reconsider will be made in either
event.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that this
proposition, in order to be adopted, must be
carried by a two-thirds vote. He who votes
in the minority, being larger than one third,
will have a right to move to reconsider. I shall
have a right so to move. I have promised the
Senator from Ohio to move to reconsider, pro-
vided the proposition is defeated, in order that
the amendment of the Senator from Wiscon-
sin may bo offered. The Senator from Ohio
has an amendment of a similar nature, the form
of which I like better. If Senators prefer the
committee's report hereafter, after this recon-
sideration is moved, 1 suppose they can move
it. There is no doubt about that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. What is the precise ques-
tion before the Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is whether the Senate have got through
their discussion, so that the resolution can be
taken out of the Committee of the Whole into
the Senate. The joint resolution is now before
the Senate as in Committee of the Whole, and
if no other amendment be proposed it will be
reported to the Senate.
The joirit resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the amend-
ment made as in Committee of the Whole ?
Mr. GRIMES. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSEND'EN. Before that vote is
taken I wish simply to say that L voted for that
amendment of the honorable Senator from New
Hampshire because I thought it improved the
original proviso somewhat; but on the whole
I have come to the conclusion that, as it is to
be lost whatever shape it assumes, we may as
well take the vote on the resolution as it came
from the committee; and I therefore shall
vote against the amendment in the Senate, al-
though I voted for it in the Committee of the
Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to appeal to the
Senator from New Hampshire to withdraw that
amendment, and let us have a direct vote on
the House proposition.
Mr. CLARK. T will, if allowed to do so.
Mr. TRUMBULL. By unanimous consent
it may be done, and that will give us a direct
vote on the proposition as it came from the
committee.
Mr. CLARK. I will withdraw it by unan-
imous consent, if allowed to do so. I do not
wish to embarrass the original proposition at all.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the withdrawal of the amend-
ment ?
Mr. CONNESS. I have this objection: I
will vote for the resolution of the committee
with the amendment, of the Senator from New
Hampshire; otherwise I feel inclined to vote
against it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us have the yeas and
nays ; we can take the question while we are
talking about it.
Mr. CLARK. Let me appeal to the Sena-
tor from California. I think it very evident
now that if wo were to take the yeas and nays
on the amendment, the only result would be
that it would be defeated.
Mr. CONNESS. Very well; I withdraw my
objection.
Mr. CLARK. There is no objection, then,
to the withdrawal of the amendment.
ThePRESJDENTpra tempore. The Chair
understands the amendment to be withdrawn
by the unanimous consent of the Senate. The
question now is on ordering the joint resolution
to a third reading.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us have the yeas
and nays on that question.
Several Senators. Oh.no; on the passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We may as well test the
question on this vote. If the Senate refuse to
order the resolution to a third reading, a re-
consideration can be moved; you do not want
two reconsiderations, ««
Mr. CLARK. I desire to inquire of the
Chair whether a majority cannot send the res-
olution to the third reading. The two-thirds
vote is only required on the passage.
The PRESIDEN T pro tempore. A majority
can order the resolution to a third reading.
Mr. CLARK. Then the Senator from Illi-
nois would not accomplish what he desires by
having the yeas and nays taken on that question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; let it go.
The joint resolution was ordered to a third
reading, and was read the third time, as fol-
lows:
Revolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the Cinted States of America in Congress assembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) That the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
