4168
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
I assume any more authority when I speak to
the Senate or to Senators than does the hon-
orable Senator from Maine. I sometimes speak
earnestly, _it is true; I do not deny that; but I
have no disposition to dictate to any one or to
dogmatize to any one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It happens to be the
case that whenever a gentleman gives a fling
at me or bids me defiance in a very assuming
manner, and I undertake to reply, it is said at
once, " Oh, I will compare my general reputa-
tion for good nature and good manners with
the Senator at any time." [Laughter.] He
docs not undertake to meet the case; but he
falls back on his record. The case is just as I
stated, and I do not like to be addressed in
that sort of stylo.
As 1 said before, in his zeal with reference to
this particular case,, the Senator from Wiscon-
sin undertook to state facts, and he did not
talk about suppositions or hearsay or anything
of that kind, but ho stated tlieni as facts known
to himself in the plainest and most palpable
form that a man could state them. He under-
took to say that he would state the facts, and
he did go on to make a recital ofthem, and now
he says that after all ho was only talking ru-
mor. As the Senatorreally cannot tell whether
he was undertaking to state the facts or to state
a mere rumor, and is so undecided aboutit, I do
not know that it is worth while for me to predi-
cate a \ote ou his statements; but if I was con-
vinced from any evideuce before the Senate at
this time upon which reliance should be placed
that this gentleman had taken the confederate
oath, 1 would insist on a reference and an in-
quiry. 1 do not Ray that even if that was proved
to my satisfaction there might not be circum-
stances under which I would vote that he
should he aduiilted; but I say that if that, fact
were shown it would be sufficiently grave, in
my judgment, to require that the ease should
go through the form of a reference to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary that we might have the
facts and circumstances connected with it re-
ported to us. I might perhaps come to the
same conclusion that the honorable Senator
from Indiana has arrived at upon a certain
state of laets. I will not undertake to pre-
judge on that subject. That might bo the re-
sult, in my own mind ; there might, be circum-
stances that would excuse it, perhaps; but it
would make the case sufficiently grave, in my
judgment, to justify the Senate in referring
the mailer to the Committee on the Judiciary
that we may know exactly what the facts arc.
Mr. OUTIIIilE. This proceeding strikes
me as wrong. "We have established a test oath
which isa very rigid one, and! have some doubts
m my own mind whether it is constitutional
as applied to members of Congress; but, we
have enforced it upon all who have taken seats
since its enactment. This motion is predicated
upon the (act that, the Senatorwho presents his
credentials cannot take that oath, and we are
to refer it to a committee to inquire into the
fact and report to the Senate whether he can
legitimately take it, and if lie c;tn ho is then to
be sworn in. Now, how long is this to take?
J he committee are to hear proof; of course
they are to hear counter-proof; and instead of
this question being decided by the Senate, it is
to be decided by the committee. This investi-
gation may go over until next December. The
people ol the country had entire confidence in
our sincerity when we agreed to receive Ten-
nessee; but are we now to establish a prece-
dent by which every man's case may be inves-
tiga ted by a committee sitting as court of justice
svveariug witnesses pro and con before he is
allowed^to take his seat? It strikes me it is
for the Senator whose credentialsare presented
to say whetherhe can take this oath. If he
can, pruna facie I think we have to admit him.
It he cannot take the oath we reject him, as a
matter of coarse. It is a question for the Sen-
ate. If we are satisfied after he is sworn in
that under all the circumstances he ought not
to have taken the oath, it furnishes ground for
expulsion. I rather think we had better let
Mm take the oath without this reference, and I
shall vote against thereference, because it would
be a most curious proceeding in a court of
justice to appoint triers to know whether a
juror was competent to sit before he had pre-
sented himself and was called as a juror.
Mr. CONNESS. During the progress of the
past year particularly, there has been very much
said upon the exact issue that is now before the
Senate; that is, the power of this branch of
Congress and the other, or to use the language
of the honorable Senator who has so often
spoken here from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolit-
tlb,] of each House for itself to determine the
elections, returns, and qualifications of its own
members under the Constitution of the United
States. Whenever it has been asserted that the
legislative department of this Government had
a right to determine whether a State was en-
titled to representation or not, Senators like
the_ Senator from Wisconsin have taken the
position that Congress was restricted from deal-
ing with the question, and that each Hbusc must
deal with the question, under the Constitution,
for itself. Now, a case is presented; a Sena-
tor applies for admission ; the second from the
State of Tennessee. The first has been ad-
mitted, there being no question in regard to
his capacity for taking the oath and entering
upon his duties; and he took the oath and took
his seat. The second applies and a question
is raised. What question? It is stated that the
candidate for admission, or rather the Senator
who proposes to take his seat in this body, was
elected to an office under the so-called confed-
erate government; that he took the oath of
office to support that government; that the
nature of his office required him to pass upon
the confiscation of the property of loyal men;
that those acts were inconsistent with his fealty
to the United States and now constitute an in-
consistency with his taking the oath that the
law prescribes for a Senator. The objection is
made to his taking his seat, and it is put upon
that ground, on which it is moved to refer the
case to a committee of this body. The Senator
making the application states that he desires it
to be so referred ; ho wishes the whole record
examined that it may be determined before he
takes the oath whether he can do so or not,
whether it is a casein the judgment of the Sen-
ate to which the Senate can take exception ;
and Senators rise hero and oppose the refer-
euco. The Senator from Wisconsin particu-
larly, who has so often declared that each House
for itself under the Constitution must determine
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members, opposes the reference, and the
Senator from Kentucky, last on the floor, says:
"Let the Senator take the oath first, and then
if it bo found that he could not have taken the
oath properly and legally, I will vote to expel
him." A very pretty proceeding!
Mr. DOOLlTi'LE. The Senator from Cali-
fornia will allow me a word. I do not at all
question the right of the Senate to inquire into
his qualifications or into his election or his re-
turn ; but all I insist on in this matter is that
wo should pursue the same rule in this case
that we do in other cases, the same that was
pursued in the case of Stockton, from New
Jersey. He was admitted and sworn, his case
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
They reported in that ease and the Senate
decided that he was not properly elected. Just
precisely so in this case, if the Spnat.e decide
that Mr. Patterson is not properly elected or
not properly qualified, they pass on the case;
but shall you pass on the case before he is
admitted to the seat prima facie ?
Mr. CONNESS. I submit that this is an-
other question altogether. This is a question
under the test oath. The Senator from New
J ersey could take the test oath; he did take
it; there was no question about that; but the
objection to this Senator taking his seat is
that he cannot take the oath legally and prop-
erly. Therefore the inquiry in this case must
take place now properly, and all the argument
that has been addressed to this case as it ap-
pears to me should have occurred upon the
report made from the committee of this body
to which the case is to be referred.
Mr. President, in view of Senators from the
rebel States taking their seats again in this
body, it behooves the Senate and is a necessity
that an exact rule Should be established on the
subject. I do not mean to pronounce on the
merits of this case at all. I know nothing
about this Senator's case. If it shall appear
that he ought to take his seat in this body no
Senator will welcome him more cheerfully than
I shall; but it is essential to him, to his stand-
ing among the members of this body, to the
Senate, to the country, that the case be exam-
ined, the proper rule laid down, and I think
in that all ought to agree.
Mr. DAVIS. I object most to the form of
the proposed reference of this matter to the
committee, and I object to a reference at all at
this time. The Constitution requires every
member of the Senate to take an oath to sup-
port that instrument upon his admission to a
seat. If a gentleman who claimed to be a mem-
ber refused to take that oath, of course it would
not only be the right but the duty of the Senate
to prevent him from taking the seat, to exclude
him from the Chamber. Sow we have another
oath under the act of Congress in addition to
that. The act of 18G2 provides—
"That hereafter every person elected or appointed
to any offieeof honor or profit under the Government
of the United States, either in the civil, military, or
naval departments of the public service, excepting
the President of the United States, shall, before en-
tering upon the duties of such office, and before being
entitled to any of the salary or other emoluments
thereof, take and subscribe the following oath or
affirmation."
Now, sir, what is the condition that is offered
by this law to a gentleman who presents him-
self here claiming a seat as a member of the
body? He is required to take the oath. Who
is to be the judge whether he can take the oath
or not ? Himself and himself alone. As a
general rule, a man who is entitled to any right
or privilege upon taking an oath is the sole
judge whether he can take the oath or not.
That question is referred to him. He may
take it falsely; and if he takes it falsely he
commits the crime of perjury if it is an oath
administered according to law, and he is then
amenable for having perpetrated that offense.
What does the Senate now propose to do ? To
inquire beforehand whether Mr. Pattersox can
correctly and truly take this oath or not.
Whence does the Senate derive such a power
as that? What law, what principle of consti-
tution or law authorizes them, after they have
determined that this gentleman shall take the
oath, to investigate beforehand whether he can
take it consistently with truth or not ? Does
this act authorize any such investigation by the
Senate ? Not at all. There is no pretense of
power for any such imposition by the Senate.
It is just like any other oath which an officer
is required to take before he enters upon the
discharge of the duties of his office, or which
a private citizen is required to take as a pre-
cedent condition to his acquisition of a right.
Unless there is a power created and invested
with the authority to inquire whether he can
take the oath truly or properly, all thai is to
be done is to tender the oath to him. If he
takes it he is entitled to the right, whether it
be an official right or a right of property or any
other right that is to vest in him on taking the
oath. Whether he has taken it truly or not, is
a matter for after inquiry ; and if he has taken
it falsely he has committed a crime which is to
be punished not by the prevention of his taking
the oath, because that would not be punish-
ment, but he is allowed to take the oath and
•i j?as con:imitted the offense he is respon-
sible for the legal penalty that is declared
against it.
Sir, the high authority of the Senator from
Vermont, now deceased, has been referred to
here, and there is no higher authority. What
did he say when application was made by
Messrs. Willey and Carlile to take their seats
in this body as Senators from the State of Vir-
