THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
' but I forget all the obloquy and perils of the past,
flushed with the hope that we can, by our ex-
ample, confer substantial blessings on the mil-
lions bf poor asking forpolitical rights, nature's
boon to man.
As an act of "justice I know it will meet the
approbation of all true patriots who have not
decried thearming of the negroes and the eman-
cipation proclamation. With them dwell the
•moral forces which sustained the war, imparting
the martyr-spirit to the hundreds of thousands
of the slain, and to those whose prayers gave
us the favor of the God of battles. For the dis-
franchised millions to be skilled in the use of
the -ballot, it shall be mighty as the sword of
Achilles far protection, a pleasing souvenir,
SuppIanSng from memory the history of their
trials aild wrongs, written in tears and blood.
We inaugurate the policy of statesmen. Ed-
mund 'Burke said for the world, "Justice is it-
self the great standing policy of civil society,
and any eminent departure from it, under any
circumstances,- lies under the suspicion of be-
ing no policy at all." Jefferson, the apostle of
Democracy, counsels you called statesmen, who
have gone after strange gods, and stand shiver-
ing in shameful and political wickedness, "Let
every man who fights or pays exercise his just
and equal right in the election." The] ate mar-
tyred President, who soandedforth the trumpet-
call, and never beat a retreat, meditated the
joint gift of the ballot to the loyal, and am-
nesty to the deluded rebels; and Andrew John-
son, who gave the fatal blow to the Cuticle De-
mocracy by a denial that this was '' a white man's
Government," lias promised to be their Moses.
For his kindest words ever spoken to the negro
in presidential message I thank him, and prolfer
my humble assistance, that when he reaches
his Canaan he may have a ballot as well as a
bayonet for the defense of his company against
the Pharaohs of the land.
_ But I take no refuge under the names of the
living; and were the testimony of the fathers
doubtful, I would turn to the precepts of the
golden-rule as'the only safe guide for the states-
man, with one answer to him who urges his
policy in place of ju sHce—'' Get thee behind me,
Satan;" and if I am to minister to the prejudices
of a constituency rather than heed the voice of
the Eternal, my answer is, "I would rather be
a dog and bay the moon than such a Roman."
My purpose is not to leave that heritage of
shame to my children, that I forgot those whose
blood fed our rivers and crimsoned the sea, and
left them outcasts in the "land of the free," pre-
ferring white treason to sable loyalty. I rather
vote death the penalty for the chief traitor, all
honor and reward for our soldiery, and a bal-
lot, safety, and justice for the poor.
Mr. KA8S0N obtained the floor, but yield-
ed to
Mr. CONK LING, who moved that the House
do now adjourn, but withdrew it at the request
of Mr. Bidwell.
NAVAL WAKFAIIK.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a hill to provide for testing an inven-
tion in naval warfare; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
equalization op bounties.
_ Mr. SCHENCIC. Mr. Speaker, communica-
tions have been made to me, as chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, in relation to
equalizing bounties of soldiers, and T move that
those papers bo printed as communicated, and
referred to that committee.
It was ordered accordingly.
MtEE-TllADE LEAGUE.
Mr. KASSON presented the original petition
of the Free-Tirade League of New York; which
was ordered to be printed, and referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. (K)N K[jTj\ G renewed the motion to
adjourn ; which was agreed to.
And then (at five minuter to four o'clock p.
to.,) the House adjourned until Monday next."
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 15, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Geay.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
message from tiib house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhehson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 135) to extend the time for
the withdrawal of goods for consumption from
public store and bonded warehouse, and for
other purposes; in which it requested the con-
currence of the Senate.
district otf columbia suffrage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received the following communication from
the mayor of the city of Georgetown, District
of Columbia, respecting an election recently
had in relation to the extension of the right of
suffrage to persons of color, which will be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read, as follows:
M vyok's Office,
Georgetown, D. C., Januatv 12,1866.
Sir : I have been instructed by the aldermen and
common council oi this town to respectfully inform
you that our voters wore requested to attend the
polls 
Mr. GRIMES. I move that that be referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
I do not understand that these petitions should
be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred, if there be no objection.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented a
letter of the Governor of the Territory of Col-
orado, transmitting a memorial of colored cit-
izens of that Territory on the subject of the
admission of Colorado as a State into the Union;
which was referred to the Committee on Ter-
ritories.
_ Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial of the
bishops, elders, and ministers of the African
Methodist Episcopal church of the Missouri
district, in which they set forth the grievances
they are now suffering, and ask Congress to so
shape the laws for reconstruction as to secure
to the colored man in the several States to be
reconstructed civil privileges and political rights
and privileges, including the elective franchise,
and all other rights to which they are entitled
under a republican form of government. This
memorial, as 1 understand, comcs from three
hundred ordained ministers, representing ninety
thousand communicants of the church. It is
accompanied by a report of the proceedings of
the annual conference. 1 move the reference
of the petition and of the accompanying report
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the memorial
of the bishops, elders, and ministers of the Af-
rican Methodist Episcopal church in the Uni-
ted States, and members of the Indiana district,
in annual conference assembled at Springfield,
in tho State of Illinois, setting forth the wrongs
the colored people suffer, particularly in the late
rebel States, and asking Congress especially to
give them protection through the elective fran-
chise. This memorial proceeds from the rep-
resentatives of sixty thousand persons, and is
signed by the presiding bishop of the African
Methodist Episcopal church. It is accompanied
by certain papers and a report of the meeting
of the conference. I move the reference of the
petition and accompanying papers to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of The-
odore H. Green and other citizens of Pennsyl-
vania, praying for an amendment of the reve-
nue laws, so as to secure.the amplest protection
to American industry; which was referred to
the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of citizens of the
United States, praying for the absolute equality
of political as well as civil lights before tho law
of the single States as well as the Union for all
citizens of the United States, to whom belong
all persons not excluded by the Constitution;
universal suffrage: the prohibition of all class
legislation and of all property qualification; the
prohibition of all restrictions on free speech,
free press, free assemblage, and free instruc-
tion; and protection to free intercourse and
personal safety; which was referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. RIDDLE presented a memorial of the
Wilmington Savings Fund Society, located at
Wilmington, Delaware, praying to be relieved
from the tax on its deposits; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWARD presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of Chicago, Illinois, praying for
an appropriation for the improvement of Mar-
quette harbor, on Lake Superior; which was
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. HOWE presented the memorial of John
Baird, and other Indians of the Oneida tribe,
residing near Green Bay, Wisconsin, praying
for a grant of a bounty-land warrant of one
hundred and sixty acres each, for services ren-
dered by their fathers and other relatives in the
war of 1812; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
He also presented a petition of citizcns of
Milwaukee, Wisconsin, praying for an appro-
priation to build a breakwater at Marquette
Bay, on Lake Superior; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
He also presented a petition of members of th e
bar of the circuit court of the United States for
the district of Wisconsin, prayingthat the district
of Wisconsin may be transferred from the ninth
to the eighth judicial circuit; which was referred
to tho Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Theodore G. Eiswald, of Providence, Rhode
Island, praying tha't tho Treasurer of the Uni-
ted States be directed to issue to him two seven-
thirty United States bonds in lieu of bonds num-
bered 101,152 and 101,153, of the denomina-
tion of §1,000 each, which were burned on tho
8th of October, 1865, having been deposited
in a stove for safe keeping ; which was referred
to the Committee on Ciaimst
lie also presented the petition of Joseph L.
Smith and others, praying that each common
school in the country be furnished with the
President's annual message and accompanying
documents ; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
He also presented the petition of Wilson D.
Burlingame, late acting master's mate in the
United States Navy, and William Peterkin, late
acting engineer, United States Navy, officers in
charge of the second cutter of the Shamrock,
on an expedition with Lieutenant Cushing, of
the United States Navy, up the Roanoke river,
on tho 27th of October, 1864, praying for a dis-
tributive share of the prize money resulting from
the blowing up of the rebel ram Albemarle;
which was referred to the Committoe on Naval
Affairs.
Mr. SHERMAN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Ohio, soldiers in the Army of the Uni-
ted States under the calls of 1861 and 1802 by
the President for troops to put down the rebel-
lion, praying for an equalization of their boun-
ties with those who enlisted at a later period ;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. CONNESS. I present the petition of
John A. Sutter, one of the earliest, and per-
haps the earliest, pioneer and settler of Cali-
fornia, who sets forth in his petition all the cir-
cumstances connected with his early immigra-
tion into that country, and the fact of grants of
land having being made to him by the Mexican
Government, the impediments found in the way
of their confirmation caused by the laws of the
United States and the action of citizens of the
United States, and asking that compensation
may be paid to him for injuries in those respects ;
and also setting forth the many acts of material
hospitality and services rendered by him to tho
early immigrants to that country. Accompany-
