1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
225'
ing the petition there is a statement addressed
to the Senate and House of Representatives of
the United States by the present Governor of
California eommendingthe caseof John A. Sut-
ter to Congress. I move that the petition and
accompanying papers be referred to the Com-
. mittee on Claims, and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I also present the memorial
of Colonel Rediclf MclCee, a citizenof California,
addressed to the Senate of the United States,
setting forth that he occupied the position of
commissioner of Indian affairs in that State at
an early period, thathis accounts have remained
unsettled up to tho present time, and that he is
engaged at this time in an effort to bring about
a complete settlement. Accompanying this me-
morial are memorandums of his accounts. I
move that they be referred to the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and that the memorial, which
is very brief, and the accompanying papers, be
printed.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition from dis-
charged officers of the late volunteer army, pray-
ing that the Veteran Reserve corps be retained
as a part of tho standing Army of the United
States; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and tho Militia.
Mr. GUTHRIE presented a petition of man-
tua and dress makers of the city of Louisville,
Kentucky, praying for tho repeal of the inter-
nal revenue tax upon mantua and dress making;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
tiie tariff question.
_ Mr. HOWE. I ask leave to present a memorial,
signed by a number of merchants of St. Louis,
Chicago, Milwaukee, Detroit, Cleveland, and
Cincinnati, setting fortli in very strong terms—
and, I believe, no stronger than tho truth justi-
fies—the necessity for further protection to the
industry of this country. I move that it bo re-
ferred to tho Committee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Pennsylvania, praying that the revenue laws
may be so amended as to afford the amplest
protection to American industry; which was
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. WADE. I present the remonstrance of
the American IIome-Labor League against the
petition of the Free-Trade League. This re-
monstrance is signed by some of the most noted
business meu, representing almost every profes-
sion and occupation, and, as it contains an ar-
gument on the subjcct much better than I can
make in presenting the paper, I ask that it be j
read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
Mr. GRIMES. I object to tho reading. It
is against, the rales of the Senate. If wo com-
mence the practice in one case, we shall have
it to do in all; and if we are to have all the pe-
titions that come here in favor of and against
the tariff read, the whole time of the Senate will
be occupied in that way.
Mr. WADE. I suppose the matter could be
dispatched as quickly in that way as by making
a speech accompanying the presentation of the
document. Perhaps the Senator would rather
hear mo speak; if so, he has bad taste. [Laugh-
ter.] I do not propose to make a specch. I
will only say that the conclusions set forth in
the memorial meet my entire approbation, and
I shall advocate them on the proper occasion.
I wished, for the information of the Senate, that
it might be read; but let it bo referred to the
Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator has the privilege of taking the vote of the
Senate on the question of reading the remon-
strance, the rule being that when a paper is
presented, if its reading is objected to the sense
of the Senate shall be taken upon it without
debate. The Chair will put the question if the
Senator wishes.
Mr. WADE. I do not care about that. I
do not suppose it is very essential.
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 15.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The refer-
ence, then, will be ordered as the Senator sug-
gests.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I have received several
communications from manufacturers in differ-
ent parts of the country growing out of the reso-
lution that I had the honor to propose before
tho recess, and I desire now to present these
communications to the Senate, and have them
referred to the Committee on Manufactures.
One of them relates to the manufacture of steel,
in which it is proved that the internal revenue
tax upon the manufacture of steel is greater
than the duties levied upon the imported arti-
cle ; and that, unless Congress institutes some
remedy, that interest will go out of existence.
Another of these communications relates to the
manufacture of bronze colors, making the same
complaint; another of salt; another of sheet
iron; another with reference to cigars, which
I will read:
"In eonscqucnco ofyour resolution offered in regard
to tlie tax of internal revenue on home products being
smaller than tho duties, exchange, tfce., please peruso
the following: the duty on cigars imported per thou-
sand from Havana is 73; the internal rovonuctax
is $32 25."
Showing an increase of revenue tax over the
duty of five dollars per thousand; and he closes
with the remark:
"In consequence of whieh, millions of cigars liavo
arrived from Havana last week, anticipating your
raising the duty."
There are a couple of other papers and sev-
eral printed documents which I have received
on this subject and which I now present to the
Senate and desire to have referred to the same
committee.
Mr. President, I introduced the resolution to
which I have referred, on a former occasion,
simply as a resolution of inquiry. I did not
propose to recommend or to advocate the in-
crease of duties upon imported articles; I de-
sired simply to draw the attention of tho Sen-
ate, of the Iiouse of Representatives, and of
tho country to the fact, that I had ascertained
by practical experiment and through practical
information derived from channels known to
the business men of the country, but whieh I
believed had not been sufficiently considered,
that this disparity existed. 1 desired simply at
that moment to raise a voice of warning, a voice
of alarm at the existing state of things growing
out of the fact, which I had ascertained from
these practical experiments and this practical
knowledge, that the taxation under the inter-
nal revenue system was greater than the duties
upon the importation of goods from abroad. It
occurred to me that if that state of tilings were
permitted to exist, the manufactuiing for this
country will be done in England, France, and
Germany, instead of the manufacturers of our
own country being employed. Why, sir, to-day
I can import an article of cotton goods, pay the
duty, pay commission, pay the difference of
exchange, and sell that article of cotton goods
here at the same price it would take me to make
it here, in consequence of the increased cost of
production in this country growing out of the
internal revenue tax directly upon the manufac-
tured fabric and indirectly upon labor and tho
various articles necessary! o be used in the con-
sumption of the manufacturer to enable him to
produce the fabric.
Sir, 1 have no particular interest in any one
department of industry in this country—cotton
or woolen goods, or iron. The idea which 1
endeavor to advocate here and elsewhere is,
that the manufacturing interest, is but one step
removed from the agricultural, and that both
in common must, of necessity, work together
in order to promote the interests of the whole
country. I am not one of those who desire, be-
cause there may be interests that are seemingly
prosperous in my own country, rather to pro-
mote the prosperity and interest of another
country. I do not believe that, those countries
across the water, which have occupied tho atti-
tude that certain unnamed ones have toward
this country for the past four years, are entitled
to much of my sympathy, or much of the sym-
pathy of the American people. Sir, when I
see petitions brought into this Senate for a sys-
tem whoso sole advocates are those who are in
the interest of those people across the water,
whose sole advocates in this country are paid
by the capitalists of other countries, and, as I
am told, aro kept up and fostered constantly
by means sent from there, I am less inclined to
believe in the honesty of the purposes they are
endeavoring to advocate.
Sir, the humble individual who now addresses
you has come under the criticism of a promi-
nent paper in New York and a distinguished
member of tho other House; and the simple
inquiry that I proposed on a former occasion
is held up as being not only a ridiculous as-
sumption, but as something criminal, which
ought to have been cried down the moment it
was uttered. On that point all I have to say—
and I desire to say it here publicly—is thatsuch
criticisms and animadversions and complaints,
from the sources from which they have come,
are desirable to mo. If I did not know it in any
other way, I know that I am right bccause they
would make me wrong. I know, sir, that the
course whieh these instruments have been pur-
suing for the last fivo-and-twenty years is in-
imical to tho liberty, to the prosperity, and
to the independence of this people. Sir, for
advice as to my public course, I shall not go to
Great Britain, or to any of her champions, even
those .that are the most liberal.
In one of the petitions that have been pre-
sented hero, the repeal of the corn laws ispointed
out as being a great triumph over monopoly,
and the American laboring interest is used as
a parallel case to the attempt of the friends of
the corn Jaws to continue them. Sir, the repeal
of the corn laws of Great Britain was brought
about by the manufacturing-interest, with Rich-
ard Cobden at its head, the most successful
manufacturer of his time. He saw plainly that
the manufacturing interest of Great Britain
could not bo sustained except it was by tho in-
troduction of cheap bread. Tho pampered
aristocracy and landed estates kept bread nigh ;
and yet the manufacturing and laboring interest
of this country arc pointed out as being in like
situation! Wo, the laborers of this country,
are compared to a pampered, aristocratic, land-
holding organization! 'Sir, I do not agree with
that proposition. I do not agree either to fol-
lowing the path of gentlemen of that stripe, be-
cause 1 believe that it will lead to the destruc-
tion of the interests of this country.
The communications were referred to the
Committee on Manufactures.
PAPERS WITHDRAWS AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. IIARPJS, it was
Ordrred, That the petition and other papers in the
case of Jane W. Xethaway, on the files of the Senate,
be referred to the Committee oil Pensions.
On motion of Mr. NYE, it was
Ordered, That the petition and other papers in the
caseof .Frederick Vincent, administrator of James Lo
Case, surviving partner oftho firm of Lo Case AMal-
let, on the tiles of the Senate, be referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. G7) to increase and fix the pres-
ent military establishment of the UnitedStalos,
to report back to the Senate a new draft of the
bill. 1 move that it be printed and recommitted
to the committee.
The motion was agreed lo.
Mr. WILSON, from the same committee, to
whom was referred the bill (S. No. 04)toamend
an act entitled "An act to incorporate a national
military and naval asylum for tlie relief of the
totally disabled officers and men of the volun-
teer forces of the United States," reported it
without amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 18) granting certain pub-
lic property to the Soldiers' Orphans' Home of
Iowa, reported it without amendment.
Mr. DIXON. I am directed by the Comipit:
tee on Offire.i and Post Roads, to whom
wus iclbrredthe bill (II. It. Nq. 01) to establish
