1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
220
The President was not much moved by their
threats, will he be seduced by their flattery ?
If so_, let me assure those of our friends who
are disposed to suppress their own convictions
in hope to detain him and his patronage in a
little select court party, that they might as well
exercise a reasonable liberty of opinion. _ For
Sf he ever determines to trust his political
future to anybody besides the great earnest,
triumphant Union organization that elected
liim, he will have sense enough to put them
aside as mere nobodies in popular strength,
heartless friends and harmless enemies, as
courtiers always are, and push straight for the
"southern brothered," rebel-led opponents of
a permanent and peaceful Union. In that event
his children and friends may well rejoice that
.the past, at least, is secure. His patriotic
thoughts of the last five years will still live,
.although only to reprove him.
■ Again, it is said by way of excuse, "Why
not admit such Union men as Fowler, Stokes,
and Maynard, of Tennessee?" Because it is
not a question about men. Shall a disloyal
district, while it is still in a disloyal spirit, be
declared entitled to representation with only
half as many represented people in it as we
require for a district in the North? That is
the question. Captain Semmes ran up the
Union flag when he wished to decoy an un-
armed merchant vessel under the power of his
guns, but replaced it with the, pirate emblem
when he had secured his victim. The names
of these patriots are hung out to-day to secure
representation to a rebel constituency behind
tliem, but they will be hauled dowu at the first
election and rebels put up in tbeir stead. You
may think you are only recognizing the Union
flag, but wiien it is too late you will find your-
selves alongside the Alabama and in the power
of its pirate crew.
But it is said in reply, "We will not admit dis-
loyal men even if elected." How can you help
yourselves? If a whole delegation from South
Carolina, for instance, present themselves to the
Clerk of the last House and ask to be placed
on the roll, prior to organization, and tender
him the certificate of their election signed
by the Governor and sealed with the great seal
of that most sovereign State, shall the Clerk
say which is loyal and which not? I suppose
not. After the organization, in which all have
-participated, and all have been qualified and
taken their seats, will you get up an inquisito-
rial committee to explore the secret recesses
of their consciences and be father confessors
to their sins? "No, but the iron-clad oath
will exclude them." Do you not know, sir,
that almost every man who is in favor of ad-
mitting these States without conditions is also
in favor of repealing that oath? They already
denounce it as an odious and unconstitutional
test. The Secretary of the Treasury and the
Postmaster General, backed up by a message
from the President, ask its repeal so far as
regards their Departments, thus making rebels
as eligible as Union soldiers to appointments
here, and under such lead I expect to see it
swept away, and so do most of the gentlemen
who are now urging us to lay aside a real safe-
guard and trust to this cobweb of a morning.
. But suppose we could in this way contrive to
dictate to these people who they should and
who they should not elect, what kind of repre-
sentation would that be? We say to them,
"you are free to select your representatives,
but mind that you sclect such as suit us, not
yourselves." You call that representation? I
call it obedience. We propose to extract the
envenomed fang of the serpent before he is
uncaged, and you to bind him with test oaths
afterward. ^Suppose,, again, you could manage
to exclude in this way those who had been
engaged in the rebellion, do you not know that
a rebel constituency could find a fit represen-
tation outside that list, and all the more dan-
gerous on that account? If they had none at
home they could colonize from the North.
Again, magnanimity is invoked as a shield of
desertion. A great nation, it is said, can afford
to be magnanimous. Of course it can; but let
us see how this is. For four years these peo-
ple made war upon us without cause or even
plausible excuse. Before they began it, we
begged them in great humility to withhold from
the country this terrible desolation. In tears
we warned them of the punishment that must
follow. Our entreaties and warnings were re-
ceived in the rebel capital, so their telegraph
informed us, "with peals of laughter." They
fired upon us while we were yet upon our knees
begging for peace and union. The contest once
begun, was conducted on our part with great
forbearance and within the strictest military
law. We even returned for awhile their fugi-
tive slaves. On their part it was conducted not
only with the condemned system of cruel guer-
rilla and piratical warfare, but with fire, poison,
yellow fever, and assassination. The estates
of Union men within their power were confis-
cated, and have never yet been restored, and
Union men were hung for treason to their pre-
tended government.
You tell us they have suffered. So have we.
Peace has come at last; business prosperity
will return; the insignia of mourning will be
laid aside; but in the heart of every family
there is an unspoken sorrow that will sadden
life even to the grave. Now, wc are admon-
ished to be magnanimous to the authors of all
this suffering. 1 accept the admonition, but I
submit that we are so already. The law con-
demned them to death, and we have pardoned
them. Their estates were forfeited, and wo
have restored them. Not a traitor has been
hung; not one convicted; not one tried; not a
dozen arrested; but many have been honored
as rulers in States they only failed to ruin.
The high-sounding eloquence of the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. .Raymond,] calling upon
us to admire the "courage and devotion" with
which these bad men prosecuted a cruel war
against our kindred, our homes, and our coun-
try for four years, has scarcely subsided when
our tears are invoked over their self-inflicted
sufferings. Thus at this end of the avenue wc
are alternately called upon to admire and pity
them, while at the other the green seal is kept
hot with its work of clemency—clemcncy often
unsolicited, sometimes contemned. Wc have
even ordered historic inscriptions to be erased
from captured cannon at West Point, that the
boys educated at the expense of a Govern-
ment their fathers could not quite destroy
might not be irritated. What, more can wc do ?
What more can gentlemen ask in the name of
magnanimity? "Give to this one seventh of
your population more than one third of your
political power?" Is that what you ask, and
call it only magnanimity to the false men of the
country? Gall it rather treachery to the faith-
ful, or if that sounds too harsh, call it submis-
sion, surrender, what yon like, but for the sake
of truth let no one call betrayal of country
and friends magnanimity to enemies.
Again, sir, the effort to cutoff the excess of
this unpatriotic and sectional representation is
ascribed to party motives. Is not the Opposi-
tion exposed to the same charge? Is not the
Democratic party as anxious to secure friends
as we are to avoid enemies? For the last five
years they have been beaten everywhere. Every
election has proved to them that they were
growing small by largo degrees. "Would to
God that night or the rebels would come" has
been their daily prayer. Does their haste to
embrace the misguided brethren come solely
from pure lovo and affection? Is it not possi-
ble that their passion is somewhat like that of—
"The immortal Captain Wottle,
"Who was all for love and a little for the bottle?"
Is it not possible that they look a little to
party, too? That they long not only for the
alliance but the leadership of the South ! They
must remember that this leadership was gen-
erally able and always consistent, however
unwise. It was not under that lead that they
proclaimed both secession and coercion uncon-
stitutional; that the war for the Union was
constitutional, but there was no constitutional
mode of conducting it; that an army should be
raised, but volunteering was impracticable and
drafting unconstitutional; that it was right to
raise money, but wrong to tax or borrow; that
they were opposed to emancipation, but not in
favor of slavery. It was not under that lead
that Andrew J ohnson was denounced as Lin-
coln's satrap when he consented to be provis-
ional governor of a State from which the old
Governor and Legislature had run away, and
cheered as a patriot when he drove out the
Governors and Legislatures of half a dozen
States and supplied their places with appointees
of his own. Is it not probable that, tired of
their contradictory and hypocritical position,
they crave the nndissembling leadership of
Breckinridge and Hunter, Davis and Toombs,
as much as we can possibly dread it?
As another excuse for opposition to this plan
of restoration it is said there are other ine-
qualities in representation that ought to be
removed as well as this. An honorable gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania complains that the
six eastern States have each two Senators,
while New York and other large States have
no more. It is true that some of the eastern
States are small; but the Constitution provides
that each State, whether large or small, shall
have two Senators; and it further provides that
while that instrument may be amended in other
respects, with the assent of three fourths of the
States, in this respect it shall not be amended
without the assent of all the States. But why
point only to the eastern States to illustrate the
inequality of senatorial representation? The
best illustration of it is not to be found there.
The population of these States is 3,180,223.
In the South you can find a smaller population
with a larger representation in the Senate. The
population of Arkansas, Texas, Florida, South
Carolina, West Virginia, Maryland, and Dela-
ware is only 3,032,701. Here are seven States
with more than 100,000 less population than
the six eastern States, one third of that being
negroes, with fourteen Senators, two more than
New England. Why did not thegentleman make
his point 011 these States? Was it because the
eastern States are free and loyal and the oth-
ers wore slaveholding, and in part disloyal?
And why, just in this connection, does he com-
plain that bounties are paid for catching fish?
He never complained when higher bounties
were paid for catching men and women for the
southern market. These are the old com-
plaints of the South, warmed over, in antici-
pation of its return, groundless, no doubt, but
if ever so just, furnishing no good excuse for
allowing to the complainants a twofold repre-
sentation in this House.
Once more we are reminded that taxation
and representation should go together. True,
sir, but that would not entitle them to a double
representation, nor deprive Congress of a rea-
sonable time for deliberation as to the extent
of the right and the best mode of securing it.
But if it is meant that they are entitled on the
score of taxation to instantaneous, uncondi-
tional, and disproportionate representation, I
must beg leave to inquire, where are the im-
mense taxes paid by them, upon which to base
such extraordinary claims? The loyal people
of the country have been paying burdensome
taxes, a million per day. imposed by their mis-
conduct, but when and where have they paid
taxes? For the last five years 'they have paid
none, and the amount they are just now begin-
ning to pay is too trilling for argument. If
the right of representation could be acquired
by imposing taxes upon others or by robbery
of the Government, their claim would be indis-
putable. They robbed the southern post offices
of money, stamps, and mails; the arsenals and
military and naval depots of ammunition, arms,
and clothing; the. custom-houses and sub-Treas-
uries of goods, bonds, and money; and the New
Orleans mint of SpttOO.OOO in gold, and have
never made restitution. But they have paid
very fe?v taxes, and long before they will be
called upon to do so a fair and adequate rep-
resentation will be accorded them.
But they have still another argument the
one relied upon when ail others fail, their
refuge from discomfiture in every other field
