1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4169
ginia ? I will read a single short paragraph from
his speech on that occasion. The right of these
gentlemen to take their seats was controverted
by Mr. Bayard, of Delaware, and by other gen-
tlemen who were then members of the Senate.
On that point Mr. Collamer said :
"It seems, Mr. President, that objections are taken
to the reception as members of this body of the gen-
tlemen who have presented their credentials."
These gentlemen offered themselves at the
bar, presented their credentials, and asked per-
mission to take the oath and to be admitted to
their seats as members of the body. Upon
that state of fact the deceased Senator Colla-
mer was then remarking, and aftet having
stated that fact, what does he add?
" I think it will be difficult t© find a precedent in
the history of this body by which men who presented
papers prima facie good were not allowed to take
their seats. I think the thing never did happen.
They have been sometimes deprived of those scats
afterward on investigation,but Ihave never known
thein rejected at first. So much for the precedent."
The deceased Senator stated the precedents
of our Congress, and especially of the Senate,
truly. Whenever, and up to that very time and
including that case, a gentleman presented to
the Senate a credential in due form of law as a
Senator, he was admitted, in the language of
Senator Collamer, in the first instance to his
seat, and if there was a valid objection to his
retaining his seat it was made the subject of
after inquiry before the proper committee.
Let me illustrate that point by a reference to
the qualifications of a Senator. A Senator is
to be thirty years of age, he is to have been
nine years a citizen of the United States, he
is to be a resident of the State from whence
lie was elected. In the absence of all or any
of these qualifications he is not entitled to
take his seat. All of these qualifications may
not in fact exist, any of them may not in
fact exist; but if he presents his credentials
in due form of law, that upon its face, accord-
ing to the uniform precedents of the Senate,
entitles him to take his seat, whether he is quali-
fied or disqualified by being under thirty years
of age, by having been for a less period than
nine years a citizen of the United States, or
not being a resident of the State from whence
he is elected, is a subject for inquiry by the
proper committee after he has been allowed to
take his seat. If the present applicant was not
thirty years of age ho would not be entitled to
his seat; but would any Senator move to. ex-
clude him when he presented his credentials
upon that ground, and in order to inquire into
the fact whether he possessed that qualifica-
tion or not before he was admitted to the scat?
lie might not be a citizen of the United States
at all; he might be an unnaturalized foreigner;
he might not be a resident of the State that
has given him his credential by its proper au-
thority ; but whether any or all these objec-
tions exist to his taking his seat is not inquired
into when he presents himself at the bar with
a proper credential in his hand and asks to be
admitted to take the oath and his seat. All
that is to be done, of course; and after that
is done then the inquiry whether he has the
requisite qualifications or not is to be made
under the direction of the Senate and reported
upon by its proper committee.
I voted against the law imposing this oath
at the time of its passage. 1 believed then, as
I now believe, that it is a flagrant violation of
the Constitution, that it is Congress adding
qualifications to members of Congress when
the Constitution alone can do that thing; but
without making that question at all, I now take
the position that it cannot be inquired into, it
cannot be examined into whether the present
applicant can truly take the oath which is pre-
scribed by the law that I have read; that is a
matter, in the language of Judge Collamer, for
after inquiry; all he has to do to entitle him-
self to a seat in this body is to show his cre-
dential from the Governor of the State of
Tennessee in the usual form. That has been
presented, and it is not controverted that he
has it in duo form. Upon that warrant he is
entitled to be admitted to his seat, he is entitled
to have the oath of office and the test oath
administered to him if he is disposed to take
that oath. If he refuses either to take the oath
to support the Constitution or to take the test
oath, by the terms of the law he cannot be
admitted to his seat; but if he is willing to take
these Oaths, the question whether he can take
them properly is submitted and can be submit-
ted, in the first instance, only to him. If he
is willing to take these oaths he is entitled
prima facie to his seat in this body; and if he
takes either oath falsely it becomes a subject
for after inquiry by the Senate; and for the
crime of perjury, which would be perpetrated
by taking the oath falsely if it be a valid oath,
he would be subject to expulsion by the Senate.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall have the
question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Somner] to refer these creden-
tials to the Committee on the Judiciary with
instructions to inquire into the qualifications
of Mr. Patterson.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 14 ; as follows :
YEAS —Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Cres-
well, Edmunds, Fcssenden, Fostci, Harris, Hender-
son, Howard, ilmvo, Kirkwood, Morgan, Morrill,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Boss, Spragtic,
Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade, Williams, ami
Wilson—"6.
NAYS—Messrs. Bnckalew, Cowan, "Davis, Doolittle,
Guthrie, Ilendiicks, John son, Lane, McDougall,Nes-
mith, Norton, Sherman, Van Winkle, and Wiiioy—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Clark, Cragin, l)ixon.
Fowler, Grimes, Riddle, Saulsbury, Wright, and
Yates—10.
So the motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM iii13 HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 20) granting lauds to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast, with amendments, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (EC. R. No. 759) authorizing the re-
funding of-certain taxes;
A bill (II. R. No. 807) amendatory of the
preemption and homestead laws;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 19G) to con-
strue an act further to provide for the safety
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, to
regulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors,
and for other purposes ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 197) author-
izing a contract with Vinnie Ream for a statue
of Abraham Lincoln.
southern pacific ratlroad.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call for the order of
the day.
ThePRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
considered as before the Senate.
Mr. BROWN. If the Senator from Maine
will indulge me a moment, there is a bill pend-
ing on the Senate table from the House of Rep-
resentatives that comes back with someamend-
ments. The amendments are verbal in their
character mostly. I desire to concur in them
all; it will only take a moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the appropriation
bill does not lose its place, I have no objection.
The PRESi DENT/>ro tempore. House bill
No. 791 is regularly before the Senate. The
bill suggested by the Senator from Missouri
will be taken up by unanimous consent, no
objection being made.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 20) granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the States of Missouri and Arkansas to
the Pacific coast.
The amendments were to change the names
of corporators or to alter the phraseology of
the bill, with the exception of the addition of
the following additional section:
Sec.21. Andbe itfurther enacted, That whenever in
grants of land or other subsidies, made or hereafter
i" ,be ojftde t0 railroad or other corporations, the
United btatcs has reserved tho right, or shall reservo
it, to appoint directors, engineers, commissioners, or
other agents, to examine saidroads or act in conjunc-
tion with other officers of said company or corpora-
tions, all the costs, charges, and pay of said directors,
engineers, commissioners, or agents shall be paid by
tho respective companies. Said directors", engineers,
commissioners, or agents shall be paid for said ser-
vices the sum of ten dollars per day for each and
every day actually and necessarily employed, and
ten cents for oach and every mile actually and neces-
sarily traveled in discharging the duties required of
them, which per diem and mileage shall be in full
compensation for said services; and in case any com-
pany shall refuse or neglect to mako suoh payment
no more patents for lands or other subsidies shall be
issued to suoh company until these requirements aro
complied with.
Mr. BROWN. The amendments of the
House of Representatives are merely the addi-
tion of a few names to the corporators, the
change of a few words to make the language
of the bill conform more accurately to the lan-
guage of land-grant bills as heretofore passed,
and I move that they be concurred in. I have
examined them all carefully.
The amendments were concurred in.
APPROVAL OF BII.LS.
A message from the President of the Uni-
ted States, by Mr. Moore, his Secretary, an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed, on the 25t.li instant, the following bills
and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 123) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the Central Pacific railroad, in Cali-
fornia, to Portland, iu Oregon;
A bill (S. No. 149) for the relief of Daniel
Winslow;
A bill (S. No. 164) for the relief of Alois
Klaus;
A bill (S. No. 230) to authorize the con-
struction of certain bridges, and to establish
them as post roads;
A bill (S. No. 285) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad and
its extension to Red river;
A bill (S. No. 297) for the relief of the own-
ers of the British vessel Magicienne;
A bill (S. No. 352) granting to A. Sutro the
right of way and granting other privileges to
aid in the construction of a draining and ex-
ploring tunnel to the Comstock lode, in the
State of Nevada;
A bill (S. No. 801) to authorize W. J. Sib-
ley and others, trustees, to sell and convey lot
No. 0, in square No. 70, in the city of Wash-
ington ;
A bill (S. No. 374) for the relief of James
P. Johnson;
A bill (S. No. 882) to change the place
of holding court in the northern district of
Georgia;
A bill (S. No. 385) for the relief of Thomas
W. Stevens;
' A bill (S. No. 414) to regulate the times and
manner of holding elections for Senators in
Congress;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 39) to refer
the claim of the administrator of Richard W.
Meade, deceased, to the Court of Claims ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 76) to author-
ize the purchase for the Library of Cpngiess
of the law library of James L. Pettigru, of
South Carolina; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 93)_ providing
for the appointment of a commission to ex-
amine and report upon certain claims of the
State of Iowa.
And on the 26th instant he approved and
signed the following bills and joint resolutions:
A bill (S. No. 224) granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
a southern branch of the Union Pacific rail-
way and telegraph, from Fort Riley, Kansas,
to Fort Smith, Arkansas;
A bill (S. No. 281) to authorize the Chesa-
peake Bay and Potomao River Tidewater
