1290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 9,
postponed until Tuesday next, at one o'clock,
and be made the special order for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, March 9, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and ap-
proved.
A. T. SPENCER AND C. s. IIUBIiARD.
On motion of Mr. WENTWORTH, by unan-
imous consent, Senate bill No. 114, for the re-
lief of A. T. Spencer and Gurdon S. Hubbard,
was taken from the Speaker's table, read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads.
BOBUliT LVON AND CHARLES MORRIS.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to grant pensions to Robert Lyon
and Charles Morris, soldiers of the war of 1812
with G reat Britain ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
internal revenue.
Mr. MORRTLL, from the Committee of
Ways and Moans, reported hack Senate amend-
ment to House bill No. 201, to dcclarc the mean-
ing of'certain parts of the internal revenue act,
approved .J une .'!0,1804, and for other purposes,
with a recommendation that the House concur
in the amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows:
On paste 1, lino nine, strike out " whenever," and
insert in lieu thoreot " wherevor."
The amendment was concurred in.
accounts 01' paymasters.
Mr. FAUNSWORTH, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill concerning the settle-
ment of accounts of paymasters of the Army;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
MAJOR I'. A. SAWYElt.
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Major
K, A. Sawyer, late first, lieutenant of the forty-
seventh New York volunteers; and the same
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
wiu.ra.ir jr. m'bryan.
On motion of Mr. BLAINE, the Committee
on Military Affairs was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of William
M. Mcllryan ; and the same was referred to the
Committee on Invalid Pensions.
volunteers in service.
Mr. ROSS. 1 ask unanimous consent to sub-
mit the following resolution, upon which I ask
action at this time:
Jti-tolvnl, That tho Secretary of Wnr be instructed
to inform Ihe House of Representjitives how many
United Stales volunteers whoso terms of service have
pipu ed ,i] c still retained in tho service; and why tho
twenty-eighth rcximent of Illinois iiifantrv, Veteran
\ oluntecis, are still kept in tho service of the United
•States at litoivnsville, Texas, ajtanist their will, after
their terms of servieo have expired.
Mr. COBB. I object.
Mr. ROSS. ] appeal to the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Cobb] to withdraw his objec-
tion. This is a matter in which my constitu-
ents are interested; and they are constantly
writing mo that they desire to bo discharged,
their time having expired.
Mr. COBB insisted upon his objection.
•committer clerk.
Mr. JULIAN, from the Committee on Public
Lands, made the following report: which was
icad, laid upon the table, and ordered to be
printed:
The OommiUce on Public Lands, in obedionco to
tho resolution ol tho House of Febiuary 20, iy(3(>f oil
the subject of clerks of committees, submit the fol-
lowing report: '
They arc clearly of opinion that a clerk is neces-
sary for the transaction of their business. The time
occupied by their clerk in the necessary and legiti-
mate business of the committee cannot be stated with
precision, as it must vary with tho amount and press-
ure of business: butit is amply sufficient, in the judg-
ment of the committee, to require his services.
In addition to his ordinary duties as clerk, he is
specially charged with the care, preservation, and
continuation of tho series of land maps ordered for
the use of the committee by resolution of House of
Representatives of May 4,1848; and byresolution of
the House of May 27, 1862, a land map room is pro-
vided for in tho Capitol, in which all the maps con-
structed under the resolution referred toshall be pre-
served by the order of tho committee for the use of
ijie House of Representatives.
In further response to the resolution of inquiry, the
committee adopt the language of the Committee on
Military Affairs in answertothesameresolution,and
would respectfully submit that "as to what portion
of the time of the clerk is occupied in attending to
the private business of tho members of the commit-
tee, the committee state that they deem that a mat-
ter of comity between gentlemen, affecting only tho
personal relations of the clerk to themselves, and
which, if not in any way interfering with the proper
discharge of his public duties ought not, the commit-
tee respectively submit, to be made a question for
legislative action, nor even thesubject for impertinent
inquiry." GEORGE W. JULIAN.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask unan-
imous consent that the other committees called
upon for reports under the resolution of my
colleague [Mr. Ross] have leave to file their
reports with the Clerk of tho House.
Mr. BOSS. I object.
SUPREME COURT 01' DISTRICT OF .COLUMBIA.
Mr. WOODBR1DGE, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill regulating tho salaries
of the judges of the supreme court of the Dis-
trict of Columbia; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
JIES. C. A. GROVE.
On motion of Mr. WASHBURN, of Mas-
sachusetts, by unanimous consent, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of the House
the papers of Mrs. C. A. Grove, copies of the
same to he loft.
STARK, STAOFPHR AND COMPANY.
On motion of Mr. J. L. THOMAS, leave was
granted to withdraw from the files of tho House
the papers in the case of Stark, Stauffer & Co.,
copies of the same to be left.
.. Mr. KOSS. I demand the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. The first business is the
execution of the order of the House on yester-
day directing the question to be taken upon
the civil rights bill.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mi\ SCITENCK. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Ross] withdraw his demand for
therogular order until 1 have had an oppor-
tunity to make a personal explanation?
Mr. ROSS. I must insist on the demand.
I find I can offer nothing to which objection is
not made.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I desire to make a per-
sonal explanation in justice to the Speaker of
this House.
Mr. ROSS. Of course, if it is anything con-
cerning the Speaker of this House, I will make
no objection.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, a little inci-
dent occurred yesterday, which you yourself may
have forgotten, in the course of the debate upon
the soldiers' claim bill, in regard to which I de-
sire the attention of the House for one moment.
On my demand for tellers upon the call for
yeas and nays, the Speaker counted the House
and announced that only sixteen had voted to
order tellers. Standing in my place, and being
anxious for my motion, and perhaps a little
excited as well as anxious, I remarked that
more than sixteen had voted as I could myself
see. Tho Speaker insisted on the correctness
of his count.
I do not find it so reported in the Globe of
this morning, nor any notico of this little pas-
sage between the Speaker and myself, the re-
porter probably regarding it as by-play, and
omitting it, and, in my opinion, very properly.
I think proper, however, and that it is due to
myself, to call attention to it because I saw that
the Speaker, although he made no complaint
to me about it, was a little nettled for the mo-
ment, as it was natural he should be. Almost
instantly after I felt regret that I had spoken
so abruptly; and I wish to say now that there
was nothing further from my mind than any
purpose or design to reflect upon the accuracy
or fairness of our "Presiding Officer, in whose
uniformly just and fair administration I have
the greatest confidence.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair is under obliga-
tion to the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schenck]
for the voluntary statement he has just made.
The Chair will state that he always endeavors
to count every gentleman who rises to demand
the yeas and nays, that their constitutional
right may not be impaired.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] demands the regular order of
business, on which the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Wilson] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to permit me to report from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations an appropriation bill.
VOLUNTEERS IN SERVICE AGAIN.
Mr. ROSS. I have been unable for days to
get in a resolution for reference.
Mr. COBB. I withdraw my objection to that
resolution.
The resolution was again read, as follows:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be instructed
to inform the House of ltepresentatives how many
United States volunteers, whose tcrmsofserviee have
expired, are still retained in the service; and why the
twenty-eighth regiment of Illinois infantry, Vetcran
volunteers, are still kept in the service of the United
States, at Brownsville, Texas, against their will, after
their terms of sorvice have expired.
Mr. C0NKLING-. The resolution should be
amended so as to read "as is alleged;" we
ought not to assume the fact.
Mr. ROSS. I accept that modification of the
resolution.
The resolution, as modified, was adopted.
LEONARD ST. CLAIR.
Mr. ROGERS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting a pension to Leonard St.
Clair; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to report an appropriation bill.
Mr. CMANLER. I object.
RIGHTS 0i' CITIZENS.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed thq
consideration of the bill (S. No. 61) entitled
"An act to protect all persons in the United
States in their civil rights and furnisli the means
of their vindication;" on which Mr. Wilson,
of Iowa, was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I yield thirty min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Bingham.]
Mr. BINGHAM. Mr. Speaker, it,may be
said that the objections which I deem it to be
my duty to urge against the passage of the bill
pending before tho House apply to the instruc-
tions I have introduced by way of amendment
to the pending motion to recommit; but I have
this to say to gentlemen on that subject. Ad-
mitting _ that the objections do apply to the
instructions which I have had the hotior to sub-
mit by way of amendment to the pending mo-
tion, if the gentleman who reports the bill
urges these objections against the instructions
for its amendment, it is a confession, sir, on his
own_ part that this bill ought not to pass with
or without amendment. The House by recom-
mitting with the instructions proposed will not
be concluded but may finally reject the bill as
amended or reject the amendments proposed
and substitute others which may be less objec-
tionable.
Mr. Speaker, on that subject I beg leave
further to say, that although the objections
which I urge against the bill must, in the very
nature of the case, apply to the proposed in-
