4170
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Canal Company to enter the District of Co-
lumbia, and extend their canal to the Anacos-
tia river at any point above Benning's bridge ;
A bill (S. No. 358) granting a pension to Mrs.
Naney A. Stocks;
A bill (S. No. 366) granting a pension to
Abraham Lansing;
A bill (S. No. 367) to extend the time of
letters-patent issued to Tbaddeus Hyatt j
A bill (S. No. 37C) granting a pension to
Drusey A. Layman;
A bill (S. No. 390) granting a pension to
John Pyle ;
A bill (S. No. 398) for the relief of W. B.
Kelley;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 31) manifest-
ing the sense of Congress toward the officers
and seamen of the vessels, and others, engaged
in the rescue of the officers and soldiers in the
Army, the passengers, and the officers and crew
of the steamship San Francisco from perishing
with the wreck of that vessel;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 82) to provide
for codifying the laws relating to the customs;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 84)_ authorizing
the payment of certain claims against the late
Territory of Nevada ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 121) providing
for the examination of the accounts of the State
of Massachusetts for moneys expended during
the war for coast defense ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 125) granting
the right of way through military reserves to
the Union Pacific Railroad Company and its
branches;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. Ill) for the re-
lief of Sergeant Milton McKinnon ;
A joint resolution (S. li. No. 126) to author-
ize the use of certain plates of the United States
exploring expedition by the Navy Depart-
ment. ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 132) to author-
ize the Secretary of the Treasury to audit and
settle (he accounts of Caleb T. Fay and William
Y. Patch, late assessor and collector of inter-
nal revenue at San Francisco ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 139) for the
benefit of the Illinois Soldiers' College and
Military Academy.
1ioobe bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions
from the House of Representatives were sev-
erally read twice by their titles and referred
as indicated below: ,
A bill (H. R. No. iC>9) authorizing the re-
funding of certain taxes—to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (II. R. No. 807) amendatory of the
preemption and homestead laws—to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 196) to con-
strue an not further to provide for the safety
of the lives of passengers on board of vessels
propelled in whole or in part by steam, to
regulate the salaries of steamboat inspectors,
and for other purposes—to the Committee on
Commerce.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 197) author-
izing a contract with Vinnie Ream for a statue
of Abraham Lincoln; was read twice by its title.
Mr. BROWN. I have the authority of the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds
to ask that that resolution be not committed.
They have examined it and concurrcd in it, and
I ask that it be put on its passage.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That should go to the
Committee on the Library.
Mr. SUMNER. I hops it will be referred
to the Library Committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered now. It will be referred to the Com-
mittee on the Library.
general hospital.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 214) to incorporate the General Hospi-
tal of the District of Columbia, which was to
add to the second section of the bill the words
"and the property held by said corporation
shall be devoted exclusively to the purposes of
such hospital."
Mr. MORRILL. I move that the Senate
concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
executive session.
Mr. GRIMES. I am satisfied that if the
Senate would proceed to the consideration of
executive business for three or four minutes,
for the purpose of referring the messages that
have been sent in, a very long space of time
might be saved, perhaps a day or two. Some
of them are very voluminous and must be con-
sidered. I therefore move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened.
reports of committees.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee to
Audit and Control the Contingent Expenses
of the Senate, to whom was referred the re-
port of the Secretary of the Senate commu-
nicating a detailed statement of the payments
from the contingent fund of the Senate for the
year ending December 3, 1865,_ asked to be
discharged from its further consideration and
that the report be printed; which was agreed to.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 444) to reorganize and fix the
pay of certain officers of the Post Office De-
partment, reported it without amendment.
message er03i tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheksox, its Clerk, announced
that tho House of Representatives had dis-
agreed to the amendment of the Senate to the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 103) to refer the
petition of Benjamin Holliday to the Court of
Claims, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houres thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. William Window of Minnesota,
Mr. Sidney Clarke of Kansas, and Mr. Lewis
W. Ross of Illinois, managers at the same on
its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolution of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 309) to authorize Samuel
Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to enter and
purchase a certain tract of land in the Stock-
bridge reservation, Wisconsin; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) for the
relief of Charles M. Blake.
The message farther announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 86) to provide for the
publication of the Official History of the Rebel-
lion, with an amendment, in which it requested
the concurrence of tho Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bill and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 808) for the relief of Mar-
tha A. Estill, of the State of California ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to pay
certain claims out of the balance of an appro-
priation for tho payment of necessary expendi-
tures in the service of the United States for
Indian affairs in the Territory of Utah;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 198) author-
izing the purchase of a certain collection or
museum, and the transfer of certain funds
therefor by the Commissioner of Agriculture;
and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 199) for the
relief of certain Chippewa, Ottawa, and Potta-
watomie Indians.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution ;
which were thereupon signed "by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 179) in relation to the district
courts of the United States for the States of
California and Louisiana;
A bill (S. No. 324) for the relief of John
Hastings, late surveyor and depositary of pub-
lie moneys at Pittsburg;
A bill (S. No. 424) to incorporate the Wash-
ington Temperance Society, of the city of W ash-
ington, District of Columbia; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 123) to change
the place of holding the terms of the circuit
court for the district of West Virginia.
benjamin holliday.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ment to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 103) to
refer the petition of Benjamin Holliday to the
Court of Claims, wiich was disagreed to by the
House of Representatives; and,
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Resolved, That the Senate insist upon its amend-
ment to the said resolution, disagreed to by the House
of Representatives, and agree to the conference asked
by the House on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conferees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Clark, Mr. Howe, and Mr. Davis.
official nistory op the rebellion.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 86) to provide for
the publication of the Official History of the
rebellion; and,
On motion of Mr. WILSON, it was
Resolved, That the Senate agree to the amendment
of the House of Representatives to tho said resolu-
tion.
house bills referred.
The following bill and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
Abill(H. R. No. 808) fortherelief of Martha
A. Estill, of the State of California—to the
Committee on Claims.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 92) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to pay certain
claims out of the balance of an appropriation
for the payment of necessary expenditures in
the service of the United States for Indian
affairs in the Territory of Utah—to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 198) author-
izing the purchase of a certain collection or
museum and the transfer of certain funds there-
for by the Commissioner of Agriculture—to the
Committee on Agriculture.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 199) for the
relief of eertain Chippewa, Ottowa, and Potta-
watomie Indians—to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
d0n0iiue, ryan and secor.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to take up Senate joint res-
olution No. 141, to which I am sure there will
be no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I must.insist upon going
on with the regular order of business, which is
the deficiency bill.
Mi\ JOHNSON. I am sure this resolution
will give rise to no debate. It will take but a
moment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it will give rise to
no debate, I give way, but with the under-
standing that if it does it shall be laid aside.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the joint resolution (S. R. No. 141) for
the relief of Donohue, Ryan & Secor, build-
ers of the iron-clad monitor Camanche. It pro-
vides for the payment to them of $179,993 80
for losses sustained by them in the construction
of that vessel.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to know
why this case is singled out from all the others,
and whether it comes now from a committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the honorable
Senator from Maryland will now let this mat-
ter go over as it will give rise to debate.
