226
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
certain post roads, to report itbaekwithamend-
ments, and if there is no objection I should be
glad to have the bill acted on at this time.
Mr. HOWARD. I object.
NAVAL EXPEDITION TO CHILI.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Printing
be directed to inquire into the expediency of contin-
uing the publication of the remaining volumes of the
Naval Astronomical Expedition to Chili; and that,
until the committee report, the publication thereof
be suspended.
PROMOTIONS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. WILLIAMS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be instructed to inquire into and re-
port upon the expediency of restricting all promotion
by brevetin all branches and departments of the reg-
ular Army to such commissioned officers as have act-
ually served with the armies in the field, and have
won such promotion by gallant and highly distin-
guished conduct in battle, or other conduct of con-
spicuous merit; and that these titles of distinction be
granted only upon the special recommendation or rec-
ommendations in the official reports of the command-
ing' officers.
2. That they also be instructed to inquire into and
report upon the expediency of so amending existing
laws regulating brevet rank and command, as to grant
rank, command, and pay to brevet officers after they
have been duly commissioned upon an appointment
by the President, confirmed by the Senate, without,
however, changing their regimental rank and order of
promotion in the line of tho Ai my.
3. That they also be instructed to inquire into and
report upon the expediency of establishing, with as
little delay as possible, a board of the general offi-
cers of the Army who have commanded divisions,
corps, and armies in the late war, for the purpose of
examining and reporting upon the merit of all officers
in the regular Army already appointed or nominated
for brevot rank, as well as upon the claims of officers
not appointed or nominated, and upon making the
final report of such board conclusivc, so as to revoke
all brevet rank that, in their judgment, has not been
won by distinguished gallantry in battle or highly
meritorious conduct in the field, and upon the pro-
priety of conferring such rank upon all those officers
who nave won it by gallantry, skill, or generalship in
battle or upon the field.
PRINTING OF BILLS.
On motion of Mr. DIXON", it was
Ordered, That the bill CS. No. TO) to amend the postal
laws, and tho bill (8. No. *1) relative to the sale of
postago stamps and stamped envelopes on credit be
printed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 70) to grant pensions to Walter II. Tinker
and John P. McElroy, of Missouri; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
77) to provide for the examination of certain
officers of the Army; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia? and ordered to be printed.
APPOINTMENTS OV CADETS.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. 11. No. 15) relating to James J.
Wheeler and the appointment of cadets in the
Naval and Military Academies; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. Befoie thus joint reso-
lution is ieferrcd, I wish to call the attention
of the Senate to the extraordinary character of
the facts stated in the papers accompanying it,
which I present with it. It seems that a person
who has actually served in the rebel army, act-
ing as aid to General Tilghman, in Kentucky,
in the early stages of the war, and who during
the whole war has been under the surveillance
of the Government, who has worn 1ho rebel
uniform, is now a cadet at Annapolis in the
Naval Academy of the United States. Un-
der the law as it now stands there is no restraint
upon the power of a member of Congress to
nominate>a_cadet; at least if there is such a
restraint it is not usually exercised. The pa-
pers in this case disclose clearly that a young
man who is now being educated at the expense
of thq Government entered into the rebel ser-
vice at the beginning of the war j that at a later
period of the war he was arrested as a spy;
that he was discharged, probably on account of
his youth, but was continually under the sur-
veillance of the Government until the war
closed, when he was appointed a cadet at the
Naval Academy, and is now there.
The papers further show that one of the ap-
plicants for this position was the son of Gen era!
James Jackson, one of the most loyal and true
men in the country, who was killed I think at the
battl e of Perry ville—an ex- member of Congress,
a man of the highest character, a proved hero
and statesman. His son was an applicant for
the same position. That discretionary power
which would enable a man who has fought
against his country to be selected as a cadet to
be educated at the expense of the Government
in preference to the son of a man who gave his
life to the service of his country, it seems to me,
ought to be taken away. The joint resolution,
therefore, provides that Wheeler, the young man
who has been appointed, shall be removed from
the Naval Academy, and that hereafter no one
shall be appointed, cither in the Mililaiy or
Naval Academy, who has taken part in this
rebellion.
Mr. WILSON. Who made the appointment ?
Mi*. SHERMAN. A member of Congress.
I do not know the name of the member of
Congress, but the young man is from Hopkins-
villc, Christian county.
Mr. JOHNSON. What State?
Mr. SHERMAN. Kentucky. I move that
the joint resolution be referred to the Commit-
tee on Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the Senator
from Ohio that the late member of Congress
from that district is now minister to Denmark.
Mr. SHERMAN. The appointment was by
the present member; I do not know his name.
The cadet has just taken his place. It is at any
rate a piece of indiscretion.
MILITARY TRIAL OF DAVIS AND CLAY.
Mr. HOWARD. I auk leave to introduce a
joint resolution.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Whereas by tho report of the Secretary of "War to
tho President, dated January 4, instant, it appears
that Jefferson Davis, late president of the so-ca.!cd
confederate States, is now held rn custody, cbargcd
with the crimes of having incited the assassination of
Abraham Lincoln, President of the United States, and
with the murder of soldiers of the United States held
as prisoners of war during the rebel.ion, and other
cruel and barbarous practices, in violation of the rules
and usages of civilized warfare; and whereas by the
same report it appears that Clement C. Clay is also
held in custody, chai ged with complicity in said assas-
sination, and with organi?ing hands of pirates, rob-
bers, and murderers in Canada, to burn the cities and
ravage the commerce and coasts of the United {States
on the British frontier, in violation of the same rules
and usages: Therefore,
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the. United States in Conyresx tiv-srmb/ed, That it bo
respectfully recommended to the President that said
Jefferson l>avis and Clement C. Clay be, without un-
necessary delay, tried by court-martial or military
commisteion upon said charges.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ts the in-
troduction of this joint resolution objected to?
Mr. JOHNSON. I object to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It cannot
be received to-day, objection being made.
HOUSE RILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 13-3) to extend the time
for the withdrawal of goods for consumption
from public st ore and bonded warehouse, and lor
other purposes, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
NON-INTERCOURSE WITH GREAT BRITAIN.
Mr. CHANDLER. Mr. President,, on the
14th day of December, 1804, I offered in this
body the following resolution, which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations:
Whereas at the eommencement of the present re-
bellion the United States were at peace with all the
Governments of the worldt and upon terms of comity
and qtoou will with Great Britain: and whereas that
nation, before the arrival on her soil of our minis-
ter, accredited by the Administration of President
Lincoln, precipitately acknowledged the rebels as
belligerents, thu* recognizing their flag upon the
ocean, without which recognition it would have been
regarded and treated as piratical by all other Powers;
and whereas she then proclaimed perfect neutrality
between a Republic with which she had entertained
friendly relations for upward of a half century and
its treasonable subjects; and whereas numbers of her
subjects, with the knowledge of her Government, com-
menced fitting out British fust-saiiing ships, loaded
with munitions of war, for the purpose of tunning
into our blockaded ports to the rebels, thus furnish-
ing them the means of organizing and continuing the
rebellion, and without which it could not have, sus-
tained itself six months; and whereas, in addition
to the above, and with the knowledge of the Govern-
ment, British subjects and members of Parliament
engaged in the manufacture of piratical English ships,
owned by British subjects, manned by British seamen,
and sailing under British colors, for the purpose of
burning, destroying, and utterly driving from tha
ocean all peaceful merchant vessels sailing under th o
United States flag; and whereas many private ard
unarmed American ships have been burned and de-
stroyed by these pirates from British poi ts, thus caus-
ing great loss and damage to the citizens of the Uni-
ted States: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Secretary of State be instructed
immediately to make out a list of each ship and ear-
goes thus destroyed, with a fair and separate valu-
ation thereon, and interest thereon at the rate of six
per cent per annum, from the date of capture or de-
struction to the date of presentation, and that he be
directed to demand from the British Government
payment in full for all ships and cargoes destroyed
as aforesaid.
That resolution I offered as a peace measure.
I desired that Great Britain should have an op-
portunity to repudiate the action of her pirat-
ical subjects, and to do justice to this nation.
I hoped that she would do it: but at any rate I
desired that she should fix the future status of
neutrals for herself and all other nations when
acting as neutrals. The Canadian provincial
government took the hint and paid for the pi-
ratical depredations committed by Canadian
subjects; they paid for the St. Albans robberies ;
but Great Britain has declined to pay such bills.
She has decided that from henceforth the rule
of war shall be the torch—that the torch is to
be the evidence of her neutrality. She having
decided that point, I am content. If she de-
sires that in all future time, whenever she shall
be at war, American citizens shall send forth
fast-sailing steamers with the torch to illuminate
the ocean from the north to the south pole with
British commerce, so be it. She has settled the
point; I accept her settlement; so be it.
I say, sir, that I offered that resolution as a
peace measure. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations, and that commit-
tee made no report; but from the fact that the
Secretary of State did precisely what that reso-
lution called upon him to do, to wit, made a
demand for payment for the depredations com-
mitted by British pirates upon our commerce,
I inferred that the chairman of the Committee
on Foreign Relations had received assurances
from the Secretary of State which satisfied him
that no further action was required on the part
of Congress at that time. I inferred that that
was the case, and the honorable chairman in-
forms me that such was the case. Well, sir,
the bill has been presented and payment re-
fused. Not only has payment been refused, but
further negotiation has been declined. She has
refused, at our suggestion, even to arbitrate our
claims, and has insultingly informed this Gov
eminent that further negotiation is offensive to
her. I will read the words of her Foreign Min-
ister of the date of December 2:
" Foreign Office, December 2,1865.
"Sir: I have to acknowledge thereceipt ofyourlet-
ter of the 18th ultimo, having reference to the letter
which my predecessor addressed to you on the 3d ul-
timo.
"There are many statements in your letter which I
should be prepared to controvert it it were not that
her Majesty's Government consider that no advan-
tage can result from prolonging the controversy," k, c.
Her Majesty's Government consider that no
advantage can result from prolonging the con-
troversy 1 I agree with her Majesty's Govern-
ment; I think that no advantage can accrue
from a further prolongation of this controversy.
It is well known to her Majesty's Government
and to the people of the United States that for
more than three months after the last rebel
army had laid down its arms the Shenandoah,
a British ship, sailing under British colors,
manned by British seamen, and firing British
guns, was burning our whale ships in the
Northern ocean. What waa done with this
