1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
structions, I venture to say no candid man, no
right-minded man, will deny that by amending
as proposed the bill will be less oppressive, and
therefore less objectionable. Doubting, asl do,
the power of Congress to pass the bill, I urge
the instructions with aview to take from the bill
what seems to me its oppressive and I might
say its unjust provisions.
Mr. Speaker, the instructions moved by me
are these:
Amend the motion to recommit by adding tile fol-
lowing _ ft;
With instructions to strike out of the first section
the words "and there shall be no discrimination in
01™r,rights or immunities among citizens of the Uni-
ted States in any State or Territory of the United
btates on account ot racc, color, or previous condi-
tion of slavery," and insert in tlie thirteenth line of
the first section, after the word "right''the words
'in every State and Territory of the United States."
Also to strike out all parts of said bill which are
penal, and which authorize criminal proceedings,
and in lieu thereof to give to all citizens injured by
denial or violation of any of the other rights secured
orproteeted bysaid act an action in the United States
courts with double costs in all c;)ses of recovery, with-
out regard to the amount of damages; and also to
secure to such persons the privilege oi the writ of
Jiabeus corpus.
As I propose to take nothing for granted by
favoring this amendment, but to submit this
proposition in the least objectionable form to
the final decision of the Federal tribunals of
the country, I beg leave to suggest to my hon-
orable friend from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson,] who
knows me well enough to know that I make no
captious objection to any legislation in favor of
the rights of all before the law, to consider, if
this bill be recommitted, the propriety of pro-
viding therein for a final appeal of all questions
of law arising under it to the Supremo Court
of the United States.
Having said this much, Mr. Speaker, I pro-
ceed to present to the consideration of the
House my objections to the bill. And, first, I
beg gentlemen to consider that I do not oppose
any legislation which is authorized by the Con-
stitution of my country to enforce in its letter
and its spirit the bill of rights as embodied in
that Constitution. I know that the enforce-
ment of the bill of rights is the want of the
Republic. I know if it had been enforced in
good faith in every State of the Union the ca-
lamities and conflicts and crimes and sacrifices
of the past five years would have been impos-
sible.
But I feel that I am justified in saying, in view
of the text of the Constitution of my country, in
view of all its past interpretations, in view of
the manifest and declared intent of the men
who framed it, the enforcement of the bill of
rights, touching the life, liberty, and property
of every citizen of the Republic within every
organized State of the Union, is of the re-
served powers of the States, to be enforced by
State tribunals and by State officials acting
under the solemn obligations of an oath im-
posed upon them by the Constitution of the
United States. Who can doubt this conclu-
sion who considers the words of the Consti-
tution : "'the powers not delegated to the United
States by the Constitution, nor prohibited by
it to the States, are reserved to the States re-
spectively, or to the people?'' The Constitu-
tion does not delegate to the United States the
power to punish offenses against the life, lib-
erty, or property of the citizen in the States,
nor does it prohibit that power to the States,
but leaves it as the reserved power of the States,
to be by them exercised. The prohibitions of
power by the Constitution to the States are
express prohibitions, as that no State shall
enter into any treaty, &c., or emit bills of
credit, or pass any bill of attainder, &c. The
Constitution docs not prohibit States from the
enactment of "laws for the general government
of the people within their respective limits.
Mr. Speaker, I would further remark in this
connection, I honor the mover of this bill for
the purpose he seeks to attain, which is to
compel the exercise in good faith by the States
of this reserved power. I cast no reflection
upon the honorable committee of this House,
in seeking to remedy, il possible^ the great
wrongs that have hitherto been inflicted upon
citizens of the United States, I may say in
almost every State of the Union, by State
authority, and inflicted, too, in the past, with-
out redress. I am with him in an earnest
desire to have the bill of rights in your Con-
stitution enforced everywhere. But I ask that
it be enforced in accordance with the Constitu-
tion of my country.
Has the Congress of the United States the
powerto pass and enforce the bill as it comes to
us from the committee ? Has the Congress of the
United States the power to declare, as this
bill does declare, in the words which I propose
to strike out, that there shall be no discrim-
ination of civil rights among citizens of the
United States in any State of the United States,
on account of race, color, or previous condition
of slavery.
I find no fault with the introductory clause,
which is simply declaratory of what is written
in the Constitution, that every human being
born within the jurisdiction of the United States
of parents not owing allegiance to any foreign
sovereignty is, in the language of your Consti-
tution itself, a natural-born citizen; but, sir, I
may be allowed to say farther, that I deny that
the Congress of the United States ever had the
power or color of power to say that any man
bom within the jurisdiction of the United States,
not owing a foreign allegiance, is not and shall
not be a citizen of the United States. Citizen-
ship is his birthright, and neither the Congress
nor the States can justly or lawfully take it
from him. But while this is admitted, can you
declare by congressional enactment as to citi-
zens of the United States within the States
that there shall be no discrimination amo.ng
them of civil rights ?
What are civil rights? I know the learning
and ability of the honorable chairman of the
Judiciary Committee, [Mr Wilson.] Itwasmy
good fortune to be associated with him two
years on that important and responsible com-
mittee, and [ take pleasure in bearing witness
to-day to the integrity, fidelity, and ability with
which he discharged all his duties. I respect-
fully submit to that gentleman, that by allau-
thoritythe term "civil rights'' as used in this
bill does include and embrace every right that
pertains to the citizen as such.
Why, sir, the very origin of the term "civil"
ought to satisfy gentlemen on this point, that it
has relation to the rights and all the rights of
the citizen. I submit that the term civil rights
includes every right that pertains to the citizen
under the Constitution, laws, and Government
of this country. The term "citizen" has had a
definite meaning among publicists ever since the
days of Aristotle. He interpreted and rendered
that term to signify a person who was a partner
in the government of .the country. Under the
Constitution of the United States every natural-
born citizen of the .Republic is, in some sense,
a partner in the Government, although he may
take no active part init. A distinction is taken,
I know very well, in modern times, between
civil and political rights. I submit with all re-
spect that the term "political rights" is only a
limitation of the term "civil rights," and by
general acceptation signifies that class of civil
rights which are more directly exercised by the
citizen in connection with the government of
his country. If this be so, are not political
rights all embraced in the teim " civil rights,"
aud must it not of necessity be so interpreted?
Blackstone, whose Commentaries on the com-
mon law are so exact in definition, uses in that
classic of the law the terms "civil liberty" and
"political liberty" everywhere as synonymous.
It never occurred to him that there was a color-
able distinction between them.
If civil rights has this extent, what, then, is
proposed by the provision of the first section?
Simply to strike down by congressional enact-
ment every State constitution which makes a
discrimination on account of race or color in
any of the civil rights of the citizen. I might say
here, without the least fear of contradiction, that
there is scarcely a State in this Union which
does not, by its constitution or by its statute
laws, make some discrimination on account of
race or color between citizens'of ;the Unit&E
States in respect of civil rights.
I know there are some exceptions. I can-
not stop to mention them- withiri the thirty;
minutes of time allowed me or to make clearer
what I have said.^ I say with some few exeep- ■
tions every State in the Union does make softie*
discrimination between citizens of the United
States, either by.its constitution or its statute"
laws, in respect of civil rights on account of
race Or color. I desire to call the attention of
the House to the fact that the honorable gentle-
man who reported this bill in the Senate, and
for whom I have the highest respect, had the
candor to admit to me the other day that the
franchise of office, according to all the author-
ities, is a civil right, and in my opinion by every
fair interpretation of the Constitution it can
rightfully be conferred upon no man in any
State save upon a citizen of the United States.
By the constitution of my own State neither
the right of the elective franchise nor the fran-
chise of office can be conferred upon any citi-
zen of the United States save upon a white
citizen of the United States. What do you
propose to do by this bill? You propose to-
make it a misdemeanor, punishable upon con-
viction by fine and imprisonment in the peni-
tentiary, for the Governor of Ohio to obey the
requirements of the constitution of the State,
which requires that none shall be elected, and
therefore none commissioned, to office in that
State save white citizens of the United States.
I understand very well, from private conver-
sation that I have had with my learned friend,
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, that
he does not look on this clause in the first sec-
tion as an obligatory requirement. I have no -
time to undertake to discuss that question, but
I submit that it is as much obligatory as any
other clause of the section. The clause is
imperative, it is in the language of law. It
provides that—
There shall be no discrimination in civil rights or
immuni ties among citizens of the United States in any
State or Territory of the United States on account of
race, color, or previous condition of slavery.
That is as obligatory as any other portion of
the section. If it is not obligatory, what ob-
jection has the gentleman to striking it out?
if it is obligatory, it must be stricken out or
the constitutions of the States are to be abol-
ished by your act, or, what is the same tiling,
their enforcement by the State officers charged
with that duty made a crime for which they are
to be imprisoned. I deny the power of Con-
gress to make an error of judgment in a State
officer a crime to be punished by imprisonment.
However honest, however just, however humane
the purposes of the gentleman may be in pre-
senting this penal provision of the bill, 1 deny
the power of Congress to enact obedience to a
State law which has been passed and is enforced
in good faith into a crime. This is the further
provision of the first section:
And such citizens of every race and color, with- .
out regard to any previous condition of slavery or
involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for
crime whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed, shall have thesameright to make and enforce
contracts, to sue, be parties and give evidence, to in-
herit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real and
personal property, and to full and equal benefit of
all laws and proceedings for tlie security of person
and property as is enjoyed by white citizens, and
shall be subject to liko punishment, pains, and pen-
alties, and to none other, any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, or cuotom, to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
I say, with nil my heart, that that should be
the law of every State, by the voluntary act of
every Slate. The law 111 every State should be
just; it should be no respecter of persons. It is
otherwise now, and it has been otherwise^ for
, many years in many of the States of the I nion.
! I should remedy that not by an arbitrary as-
' sumntion of power, but by amending the Con-
stitution of the United States, expressly pro-
hibiting the States from any such abuse of
power in the future. Instead of sending out
such amendment to the people we are asked to
remedy this Slate wrong by enacting in the
second section of this bill as follows:
That any person who, under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance,regulation,or custom,-hall subject or
