1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4171
Mr. JOHNSON. If there is any opposition
to it. I will not, in accordance with the under-
standing, press it at this time; but I do not
think there will be. This case was reported
without objection in the other bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well; the other
bill was opposed strenuously.
Mr. J OHNSON. The bill was, but not this
case.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think there were ob-
jections to the whole of these claims.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Nobody objected to
this.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I objected and voted
against the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope my friend from
Maryland will now allow me to go on with the
regular order of business.
Mr. J OHNSON. The Senator from Illinois
will noi oppose this, I think.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He does oppose it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
COLONEL Ii. C. DE AHNA.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now renew my motion
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of House joint resolution No. 150.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With the understand-
ing that it will not displace the regular order
of business, and that it will take no time, I shall
not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The mo-
tion can be entertained only by unanimous con-
sent, th^re being another subject before the
Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) to provide
for payment of the claim of Colonel H. C. De
Ahna for military services. It directs the
proper disbursing and accounting officers of
the Treasury to pay to Henry Charles De Ahna
a sum equal to the pay, allowances, and emol-
uments of a colonel of infantry in active ser-
vice for one year from March 31, 1862, and
he is to be considered honorably mustered out
of the military service.
Mr. HENDERSON. I should like to know
where those services wore rendered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is unable to answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As it will give rise to
debate, I hope my friend from Rhode Island
will postpone its further consideration for the
present.
Mr. HENDERSON. I shall oppose it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw the consider-
ation of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside, and the bill regularly before
the Senate will bo proceeded with.
deficiencies in appropriations.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (II. R. No. 701)
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
the service of the fiscal year ending June 30,
18G6, and for other purposes, which had been
reported from the Committee on Finance with
several amendments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the amend-
ments be considered as they are reached in the
reading of the bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be adopted, no objection being interposed.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to insert the
word "namely" after the word "extension"
in line twenty-five, in order that it my be un-
derstood that it refers to tho two clauses fol-
lowing.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
merely a verbal correction and will be made,
no objection being interposed.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was in section one, line fifty-
one. after the word " dollars ' to insert:
Provided, That from and alter Juno 30,1863, the
regular compensation of tho female folders in the
dead-letter office shall be at tho rato of fifty dollars
per month.
So that the clause will read:
For twenty per cent, additional to the salaries of
femalo clerks employed in the Post Office Depart-
ment, as per act of June 25, 186-1, for the fiscal year
ending June 30, I860, 84,000. Provided, That from
and after June 30,18613, the regular compensation of
the female folders in the dead-letter office shall be
at the rate of fifty dollars per month.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line sixty, to strike out the following
clauses:
Eor additional compensation to the Assistant At-
torney General, $500.
For amount required for salaries of clerks, $2,800.
For temporary clerks, additional compensation to
clerks, and so forth, $10,000.
For contingent expenses, $3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line eighty-
three, to strike out the following:
Salary of the deputy solicitor of the Court of Claims:
The salary of the assistant solicitor of the Court of
Claims shall be the same as that of the solicitor of
said court.
Mr. CRESWELL. I am not aware of any
reason for striking out the eighty-fourth, eighty-
fifth, and eighty-sixth lines in regard to the
salary of the deputy solicitor of the Court of
Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is that no
appropriation is made in it. It does not state
what it is or anything about it. No informa-
tion was received by the committee in regard
to it, and we found no papers on file in rela-
tion to it.
Mr. CRESWELL. Then the deputy soli-
citor of the Court of Claims is to be without
his salary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This clausc provides
that it shall be the same as that of the solicitor.
It is to equalize their salaries.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is for the assistant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is to equalize it and
bring it up, I suppose. I have no objection to
this amendment lying over until the Senator
can look it over and ascertain what the present
salary of the solicitor is and the difference be-
tween it and the salary of tho assistant and
deputy, and then, if he will offer a proper
amendment making an appropriation, the ques-
tion will be fairly before the Senate.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthoxy
in the chair.) The amendment will bo passed
over for the present.
The next amendment was in section one, line
fifty, to insert the word "five" before "dol-
lars;" so that tho clause will read:
For salary of marshal of tho eastern district of
New Yoik fiom March 22, 1865, to Juno 30, 1866,
$255 35.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line one hundred and thirty-four, to in-
sert the following :
To complete tho repairing and famishing of tho
President's House, &20.000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before that amend-
ment is acted upon, I deem it my duty to make
a statement to the Senate with reference to it,
to explain it. In the deficiency bill that we
passed at the beginning of this session, we ap-
propriated $46,000 for the repair of the Presi-
dent's House, and it was supposed at that time
that that was ample to cover everything that
was necessary and called for. We have, how-
ever, a full statement made by the Commis-
sioner of Public Buildings before the commit-
tee, from which it appears that, large as that
amount was, a very considerable portion of it
was taken up in tho payment of bills that were
found to exist against the President's House,
which had accumulated before the time that
appropriation was passed, and of which the
Commissioner knew nothing. In consequence
of that and of the unexpectedly large repairs
that were needed there, especially in the upper
part of the house, the house being in a very
dilapidated condition, they have got to a point
where there is no provision whatever left for
the East Room. The East Room has been
dismantled with reference to repairs, and is in
a very unfit state. The curtains are cut to
pieces and much defaced; the furniture is all
worn out, pretty much, as we understand; and
in order to be in keeping it will be necessary
when it is repaired to have new curtains, &c.,
and to furnish everything up ยง20,000 will ta-
doubtedly be necessary, if we undertake to
repair it at all, in order to put the East Room in
a proper situation. The repairs of the build-
ing have necessarily been large. The building
and the furniture were very much dilapidated.
The question presented itself whether the ap-
propriation should be made; whether the East
Room, which is the only room that is usually
open to visitors, should be left in its present
situation or should be put in a proper condi-
tion. The committee thought, on the whole,
that while we are about it-we might as well
make the house decent, although the appropri-
ations are unexpectedly large, larger than was
anticipated; and for that reason we recom-
mend this appropriation.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand the Senator
from Maine to say that the $46,000 that was
appropriated in the last deficiency bill has been
expended to discharge debts?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some part of it.
Mr. HOWE. And that the Commissioner
knew nothing about it?
Mr. FESSENDEN. They were existing
debts against the house.
Mr. HOWE. I should suppose there would
be no debts against the President's House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In modern times it has
so happened that as thebusinesshas been man-
aged debts have been contracted for furniture,
fixings, &c., and the bills have proved to be
larger than we were awaro of. There is no
doubt of that fact and of the propriety of pay-
ing them.
Mr. HOWE. The explanation suggests this
state of facts: that you put $46,000 into the
hands of the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to disburse in a particular way, and he has
appropriated it to an entirely different pur-
pose, for which ho had no authority whatever.
Under those circumstanccs I do not know what
assurance we can have that if we put $20,000
more in his hands it will not go the same way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have the estimates
now to cover the amount.
Mr. HOWE. To cover what you design to
have done; but to cover what the Commis-
sioner may choose to do I suppose the com-
mittee is not prepared to say that this will be
sufficient.
Mr. JOHNSON. Somebody must expendit.
Mr. HOWE. I take it there are ways in
which you can give away more than &20,000.
That $40,000 seems to have been disposed of
without accomplishing anything that was de-
signed to be accomplished by it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, yes; a large por-
tion of it has been expended on the house.
Mr. HOWE. What portion of it I do not
know, but a large portion of it has been appro-
priated to purposes not contemplated by the
appropriation and not authorized by any law.
For my part, I am not willing to vote appro-
priations until wc can have them expended for
the purposes for which they are designed.
Mr. SUMNER. There is another reason
why we might hesitate about this. I do not
know that is definitive. It is already seriously
considered to build another house for the Presi-
dent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That will take some
years, and this furniture will he all worn out
before a new house is built.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Committee on Finance.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in section one,
line one hundred and forty-nine, to strike out
the words "that the Secretary of the Treasury
is hereby authorized;" in line one hundred and
fifty-four to strike out the words "and thattlie
sum of" and to insert "under the direction
