3212
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
toost, if not all, of the other northern States,
that I, as one of the Representatives from that
State, feel called upon to define more accurately
than has yet been done the action of our State
in regard to this race of people, and t.o vindi-
cate, so far as I am able, the policy which our
people have seen proper to pursue in that re-
spect. I feel it the more incumbent on me to
attempt this vindication because I favored the
adoption of our constitution containing the
peculiar provisions of which I propose to speak,
and because of my personal participation in
the legislation necessary to give full effect to
these provisions.
This subject has a renewed interest to the
people of our State on account of the action
of thepresentCongress, which in many respects
changes, or at least attempts to change very
materially the status of the negro race every-
where in the United States, and which, if sus-
tained by the courts and people of the country,
will override all State laws and State regulations
in regard to that class of persons, and practi-
cally annul all that the people of Indiana or any
other State may have done to separate the white
and black races wilhin its territorial limits.
This question does not affect the State of
Indiana alone, however, but involves princi-
ples important, if not vital, to the good order
and well-being of all the States, and hence has
become a question of national importance. It
is really for this reason that 1 ask the indul-
gence of the House to-day, and enter upon the
discussion of a subject to which I had hoped
1 never would feel callcd upon to recur again
in public debate. In thus discussing the local
affairs of my State, I shall doubtless find it
necessary as incidental thereto to refer to some
oilier matters of public interest at this time.
The present constitution of Indiana which
"ivas ratified by the peopleof the State at, a gen-
eral election in August, A. D. 1851, and which
wont into effect on the 1st day of the succeed-
ing November, contains, among others, the fol-
lowing separate article:
" Article XIII.—Negroes and Mulattocs.
"Sko. 1. No negro or mulatto slutU como into or
settle in tho State aftor tho adoption of this consti-
tution.
"Sico. 2. All contracts made with any negro or mu-
latto coming into tho State contrary to the provisions
oft ho foregoing soet ion shall bo void; and every person
who shall employ such neprroor mulatto, or otherwise
onconraj?o him to remain in tho State, shall be fined
in any sum not less than ten dollars nor more than
$f>0().
"Sec.;*. All fines which may bo collected for n, vio-
lation of tho provisions of this artielo, or of any law
which may hereafter )>o passed for tho purposcof car-
rying the same into execution,shall be sot apart and
appropriated fortho colonization of Mich negroes and
niulattocs and their descendants as may bo in tho
State at tho adoption of this constitution, and may
1)0 willing to emigrate.
"Ski;, t. The General Assembly shall pass laws to
carry out the provisions of this article."
This article was, by order of the convention
which adopted the constitution* containing it,
submitted to a separate vote, so that the sense
of the people could be taken on it alone, and
so that it might or might not become a part of
that constitution, according as the people of
tho State might desire. On this separate vote
lol,010 votes were east. Of that number
10D,!)7(> votes were in favor of the adoption of
this article and 21,004 against it, making a ma-
jority in favor of its adoption of 88,912 votes.
To those who are disposed to criticise the action
of our Stat? in regard to the policy it thus in-
augurated^ or to regard the provision a hard
and unjustifiable one, I respond that no polit-
ical party, as such, was responsible for it, but
that the people of the State sanctioned and
ratified it by an unprecedented majority, a
majority approaching very nearly unanimity.
The first. Legislature of the State which as-
sembled after this new constitution went into
force enacted laws to carry this article into
full effect, prescribing penalties against those
■who might violate its provisions, and making
ample arrangements for the colonization of
such negroes and mulattoes of the State as
might be willing to emigrate.
As might very naturally be expected, sir, a
policy so important as this was not entered
upon by our State without the most thorough
discussion and the maturest deliberation. The
debates of the convention which adopted it
fully sustain this assertion.
The first question which is presented in re-
viewing the action of the convention on this
subject is, did it possess the power, represent-
ing the sovereign power of the State as it did,
to adopt and render effective this policy of
repression and exclusion as to the negro race?
I insist., sir, that it did possess this powers and
that the position I thus assume can be sus-
tained both on principle and by well-estab-
lished authorities. I go further, sir, and insist
that this convention possessed the power, if
sanctioned and sustained by the people of the
State, to have adopted a similar policy of re-
pression and exclusion as to any other class of
people who might have been regarded by it as
an undesirable population, or if the best inter-
ests of the State had, in the opinion of the
convention, demanded such a course.
The authority of any State, acting through
its organic law, to do_ anything it may choose
to do whicli falls within the range of powers
possessed by any sovereignty or political com-
munity, and about which it is not restrained
by the Constitution of the United States, is,
in my judgment, undeniable. The tenth arti-
cle in the amendments to the Constitution of
the United States is as follows:
"The powers not delegated to theUnited States by
the Constitution, nor prohibited by it to tho States,
are reserved to the States respectively, or to the
people."
Now, sir, the States have delegated to Con-
gress the power " to establish a uniform rule of
naturalization." The Constitution of the Uni-
ted States also provides that "the citizens
of each State shall be entitled to all privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States." The power of a State to adopt "a
uniform rule of naturalization" is therefore
impliedly denied to it. As I interpret the pro-
vision lastly above quoted there are certain
"privileges and immunities" pertaining to
"citizens in the seveial States" which each
State is bound to respect, ''but so far as mere
rights of persons are concerned, the provision
in question is confined to citizens of a State
who are temporarily in another State without
taking up their residence there. It gives them
no political rights in the State, as to voting,
holding office, or in any other respect." (See
Howard's U. S. Reports, vol. 19, page 422.)
Beyond these provisions in relation to "a uni-
form rule of naturalization," and tho "privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in tho several
States" to which the citizens of each State are
entitled, I find nothing in the Constitution of
the United States, either as a delegated power
or as a restriction, bearing on the question of
citizenship. Section ten of that instrument,
in enumerating the powers denied to the sev-
eral States, does not allude to the subject of
citizenship at all, and denies nothing to the
State in relation to it. Hence I afiirm that all
cpiestions relating to State citizenship, to dom-
icile, or residence, whether temporary or other-
wise, within the States, rest with the States
alone, and are among the powers reserved to
the "States respectively, or to the people."
If I am right in this conclusion, sir, then the
power of Indiana is as ample and unrestricted
over these matters as if she were an inde-
pendent State, and not a member of the Fed-
eral Union.
What, therefore, may an independent State
do in excluding persons from its territorial
limits or in repelling persons desirous of mi-
grating into it? In determining this question
we have to look to the law of nations, to the
decisions of the courts, and to those principles
which underlie all legitimate Governments.
Vattcl, in his Treatise on the Law of Nations,
(see book two, chapter seven, section ninety-
lour,) says:
"The sovereign [which in our form of government
means the people] may forbid the entrance of his
territory, either to foreigners in general, or in par-
ticular cases, or to certain persons, or for certain par-
ticular purposes, according as he may think it ad-
vantageous to tho State."
Quotations of similar import might be drawn
from other writers on international law, but I
regard it as unnecessary to multiply them here.
There is no conflict of authorities on this point
that I am aware of. In the case of the City of
New York vs. Miln, found in volume eleven
of Peters's United States Reports, commen-
cing on page 102, the powers of the several
States of the United States over the question
under discussion is very ably and very fully
treated. It is a leading and well-known case
of its class, and arose on the power of the State
of New York to exclude or impose conditions
on emigrants from foreign countries or the
ports of other States arriving in vessels under
certain circumstances. The court in its opin-
ion first argued to show that there is no con-
flict between the law of New York and the law
of Congress governing the transportation of
passengers and the navigation of vessels, and
intimates that on that ground, perhaps, the law
of New York might be sustained. After dis-
posing of that point, however, the court say:
"But we do not place our opinion on this ground.
\V~o choose rather to plant ourselves on wbatwccon-
sider impicgnable positions. The}' jne these: that
a State has the undeniable and unlimited jurisdic-
tion over all persons and things within its territorial
limits as any loreign nation; where that iurisdiction
is not surrendered or restrained by the Constitution
of tho United States. That by virtue of this it is not,
only the right, but the bounden and solemn duty of
a State to advancc tile safety, happiness, and pros-
perity of its people, and to provide for its general
welfare by any and every act of legislation which it
may deem to bo conducive to these ends, where the
power over the particular subject or the manner of
its exercise is not surrendered or restrained in the
manner just stated. That all those powers which
relate merely to municipal legislation, or what may,
perhaps, more properly bo called internal police, are
not thus surrendered or restrained; and that, conse-
quently, in relation to these the authority of a State
is complete, unqualified, and exclusive."
Further on in the same case the court say:
"We suppose it to be equally clear that a Stato
lias as much right to guard, by anticipation, against
the commission of an offenso against its laws as to
inflict punishment upon the offender aftor it shall
have been committed."
In a more recent case this question as to the
power of a State to exclude persons from its
territorial limits was again considered by the
Supreme Court of the United States. It arose
upon a law of the State of Massachusetts im-
posing certain restrictions or conditions upon
tho admission of emigrants arriving in vessels
from other countries. The case I refer to is
that of Norris vs. The City of Boston, found in
Curtis's United States Reports, volume seven-
teen, and commencing on page 122. In this case
tho question as to the power of a State over the
subject under discussion was not only consid-
ered, but the power of the Federal Government
to control the action of the several States in
the premises was also discussed. I read from
the opinion of Chief Justice Taney, delivered
in this cause. After reciting the history of the
case, he says:
" Th o writ of erro r, however, brings up nothing for
revision here but the constitutionality of the law
under which this money was demanded and paid, and
that question 1 proceed to examine.
"And tho first inquiry is whether, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, tho Federal Govern-
ment has tho power to compel the several States to
receive, and suffer to remain in association with its
citizens, every person or class of persons whom it may
be the policy or pleasure of the United States to ad-
mit. In my judgment this question lies at the foun-
dation of the controversy in this ease. I do not mean
to say that the General Government have, by treaty
or act of Congress, required the Stato of Massachu-
setts to permit the aliens in question to land. I think
there is no treaty or act of Congress which can be so
construed, liut it is not necessary to examine that
question until we have^ first inquired whether Con-
gress eaiuawfulfy exereisosueh apower, and whether'
tho States are bound to submit to it. For if the
people of the several States of this Union reserved
to themselves tho power of expelling from their bor-
ders any person, or class of persons, whom it might
deem dangerous to its peaeo or likely to produce a
physical or moral evil among its citizens, then any
treaty or law of Congress invading this right, and
authorizing the introduction of any person or descrip-
tion of persons against the consent of tho State,
would be a usurpation of power which this court
could neither recognise nor enforce. I had suppollsd
this question not now open to disputo. It was dis-
