2252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
array. But, sir, supposing it was fifty thousand
Union soldiers to one hundred thousand rebel.
Of course we cannot arrive definitely at the
true proportion. The Legislature of that State
has disfranchised those who were engaged in
the rebellion; so that the voting population of
the State is reduced to those who remained
loyal to the Government during the whole
struggle. I am speaking of the white popula-
tion.
What, then, do we have presented? It comes
.■down to the simple fact that a white popula-
tion no greater than the colored population of
a State are to have the entire control of the
administration of the government of the State.
Mr. Speaker, I want to read a few words
from the Declaration of Independence upon
this question of bestowing civil rights and polit-
ical rights. I think the definition is conclu-
sive:
"We hold these truths to bo self-evident: that all
men are created equal; that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among these are life, liberty, and the pursuitof hap-
pin ess; thattosocurotho.se rights governments are
instituted anions men deriving their just power from
the consent of the governed."
There is, then, according to this language,
no security of "life, liberty, and the pursuit of
happiness" unless those who are seeking these
ends have the power of government in their
hands. That is the logic of the language.
What, then, do we bestow upon men by at-
tempting to secure to them civil or political
rights ? Why simply this : that they shall have
the power of administering the Government.
It is conclusive, therefore, that nothing is
effected by simply declaring that you extend
to them civil rights if in a republican govern-
ment in which the power rests with the people
they cannot, together with others, possess the
political power to protect themselves in these
rights.
Sir, I do not know where the power lies to
takeaway the privilege of the elective franchise
from a citizen of the United States. As a cit-
izen of this country that privilege is one which
belongs to him of right. Such is the definition
and such is the logical and just conclusion.
I find this definition given by our great lexi-
cographer, Worcester:
" Citizen. An inhabitant of a republic who enjoys
the rights of a. oiti/ou or a. freeman, and who has a
right to vote for public officers; as, a citizen of the
XJnited States.' "
The great lexicographer, Webster, uses about
the same language in nis definition of a citizen.
Then, sir, I quote another authority that is
looked upon as very good in this country:
"The article in the Constitution of the United States
declining that citizens of each State wero entitled to
all the privileges arid immunities of citizons in the
several .States applies only to natural-born or duly
naturalized citizens; and if they remove from one
State to another they are entitled to the privileges
that persons of the same description are untitled to
in the State to which tho removal is made, and to
none other. The laws and usages of one Slate can-
not he permitted to prcscribo qualifications for citi-
zens to l)e claimed and exerciscd in other States in
contravention to their local policy.
"Jtwas declared,in Corlield v::. Coryell, that tho
privileges anil immunities conceded by the Constitu-
tion of tho United States to citizens in the several
States wcro to bo confined to those which were in their
najure'fundamontnl, and belonged of i i--f11 to tue
citizens of all free Governments. Sncii arcthorights
of protection of life and liberty, and to acqiuro and
enjoy property, and to pay no higher impositions Ulan
other citizens, and to pass through or reside in the
fetate at pleasure, and to enjoy the elective franchise
according to the regulations of tho law of the State."
1 hat is from Kent's Commentaries. Some
may contend that this regulation may go to the
extent of prohibition. But, sir, prohibition is
not regulation. The language is plain and
explicit. Tho citizen has a right to vote ; and
there is no power under the Government to
exclude him from that right. I do not care
what may bo tho race or color of a man, if he
is_a citizen of the United Stales, that is a right
of his—a paramount right.
It is true that States may have their regula-
tions on the subject of suffrage. A State may
provide that a citizen coming from another
State must reside within its limits a certain
length of time before he can vote. It may pre-
scribe that a citizen must have attained a cer-
tain age before being allowed to exercise the
elective franchise. But this is no such exclu-
sion as that on account of race or color.
But, sir,- what is the extent of this reso-
lution? It proposes to admit the State of
Tennessee, coming here upon the basis I have
named—only a very small proportion of the
white population, taking the same number that
it hacl in 1860. Sir, without meaning to be
captious, I say that such a proposition has no
element of republicanism in it. Let me state
a case which may arise, and let us see how
members of this House are willing to meet it.
You will have some of the eleven seceded
States coming here and asking to be admitted
whose colored population is in excess of the
white population. In the State of South Car-
olina, for instance, a large majority of the pop-
ulation are colored people, now citizens. Sup-
pose the colored people of the State of South
Carolina sfeCuld come here with a constitution
asking to be admitted. They have been loyal
through all this struggle. They are citizens
of the United States. They present to Con-
gress a constitution more generous and"more
liberal, if you please. They make no distinc-
tion of race or color. If j'ou admit them with
such a constitution you violate the principles
contained in this report.
There are some stubborn facts which we must
meet and face, and we had better face them in
the beginning. It is not so hard to do right
if we will trample prejudices beneath our feet
and come up to great principles and stand by
them. It is far better, sir, that we should come
up and meet the question now, than wait until
time forces us to do so.
I find, in footing up columns in the table
presented, that in 1800 there were 5,4-19,403
of white population, and 3,053,870 of colored
people in the eleven States. More than three
fifths of tho population now' are colored peo-
ple. Deduct from the computation those men
who have been disloyal to the Government
through this rebellion and what proportion
would the white population of those States
bear to the colored people? You would then
have five of the colored to three of the white
entitled to the privileges of tho elective fran-
chise.
If the principles proposed nowto be adopted
in the ease of Tennessee should bo accepted,
they must be followed in the case of every other
of the eleven States that may ask to be admit-
ted, and wo shall find in the end that we have
ignored as citizens the majority and given the',
government to the minority, and by so doing
will have trampled under foot the great and
vital principle that lies at the foundation of our
institutions,
Mr. Speaker, it is urged that we h&ve no
right to say who shall vote and who shall not
vote. It is even said by some of the members
on this side of the House, the Union members
of Congress. It is said, you cannot go into the
States and dictate to them who shall vote and
who may not vote. Well, I grant this is true
under the present condition of things, so fat-
as regards the States that have never been in
rebellion. The Government of the United
States does not propose or attempt to go into
any one of the States now in close fellowship
with the Government and represented here,
and say to them that all classes of citizens
without distinction of race or color shall vote.
It is true that the general principle has been to
leave that question to each of the States. Sir,
if Tennessee and Virginia are to-day States in
the Union, possessing the same rights as Penn-
sylvania and Massachusetts, we have nothing
to say upon this subjcct one way or the other.
But if, as is declared in this resolution, the
law-making power of the United States is to
settle now the question of the representation
of the eleven States that have been in rebel-
lion, and -at the same time to examine the con-
stitution of each of these States to see whether
it be republican in form, then at the same time
the law-making power of the United States
has the right and the power to settle the ques-
1 tion whether the State has allowed the citizens
of the State to vote or not in organizing and
establishing the new State government; and
further, the resolution imposes terms and de-
clares the condition of the citizen entitled to
vote.
It may be said that what constitutes a gov-
ernment republican in form depends upon
the opinion of individuals. But the general
principle, I presume, will be admitted, that a
government is not republican in form if it ex-
cludes a large portion of the citizens from par-
ticipation in the government; I mean without
any contingency whatever—an absolute and
unconditional exclusion from such participa-
tion. We, sir, have the control. We are act-
ing as the law-making power with reference to
the condition of each of these States ; and it is
our duty to declare that no constitution of gov-
ernment is republican in form that uncondi-
tionally excludes from the elective franchise
any portion of its citizens for any reason what-
ever. Sir, there will be no difficulty in the set-
tlement of the question when we get ready to
yield our prejudices to right and justice.
Mr. Speaker, there are two very important
questions involved in the present admission of
any one of those States. Of one of those I
have spoken; that is, the exclusion of a por-
tion of the citizens of any one of the States
from the elective franchise. There is another
point, which when closely scrutinized is a little
startling in its character. The proposition in
this resolution is to admit Tennessee as a State
of the Union. Tho presumption is that if re-
admitted, she will be entitled to at least the
same number of Representatives that she had
when the rebellion commenced. And, sir, the
principle will hold true in the case of each of
tho eleven States that took part in the rebel-
lion, whenever they shall be in as fit. a condi-
tion to be received as Tennessee is said to be
now. If the other ten States disfranchise the
same class that Tennessee has disfranchised,
the whole eleven States, while having the same
number of Representatives as they had at the
commencement of the rebellion, will possess
a voting population less than half what it was
at that time.
If we adopt this resolution we establish these"
two points: in the first place we permit the
white citizen to participate in the government
to the exclusion of the colored citizen; and
secondly, wo allow an undiminished number
of Representatives to less than half the voting
population at tho commencement of the rebel-
lion. I cannot believe that the people of the
loyal States are ready to submit to such a sac-
rifice.
Further than that, Mr. Speaker, it would
seem to be rewarding rebellion if we should
allow these States to eome here with the same
number of Representatives that they had pre-
viously to tho rebellion. While the white pop-
ulation who have remained loyal all through
this struggle would have a double representa-
tion in these Halls, the colored population, who
have been loyal, obedient, and devoted to the
Governmentthroughouttherebellion, would be
ignored and excluded.
Sir, this act of disfranchisement is to expire
after a certain time with reference to a certain
class. After a period specified, the rebels are
to become again citizens and voters. But no
provision is made for admitting to the elective
franchise that other class of citizens of whom
I have spoken.
I am aware, sir, of what is urged with refer-
ence to the claims of the State of Tennessee.
I am aware at an early period that State sought
to bring itself into loyal relations with the Gov-
ernment. Itestablishedanewconstitution. The
Legislature ratified the constitutional amend-
ment forever prohibiting slavery, and adopted
other legislation with reference to reorganiza-
tion. The people of that State have elected
persons to be Representatives in this House,
and the Legislature has chosen Senators.
But, sir, as has been iterated and reiterated
here, the excellence of the character of the
men who come here as Representatives is not
the question. The question is as to the basis
