1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22$'
decision of the one is the rule of law and the
rale of action in the other. I have already said
that, in consideringand deciding upon the ques-
tion of the application and extent of the power
of Congress to "regulate pommeice among the
several States" the court considered and de-
termined the extent of the power in its appli-
cation to the regulation of commerce among the
States without reference to the mere mode and
manner of its transportation, whether by land
or by water. It was even made a question in
the Ogden case whether the term or phrase in
the Constitution,'1 commerce among the several
States," comprehended navigation. It was not
made a question whether it comprehended con-
veyance or transportation by land.
In respect to the power of Congress '' to reg-
ulate commerce among the several States," that
power is neither enlarged nor abridged by any
mere mode or manner by which it is carried
on. Will any one contend that the power of
Congress ''to regulate commerce among the
several States" is limited to that commerce
alone which is carried on upon the navigable
waters within the jurisdiction of the several
States ; .and that it has no relation to, and noth-
ing to do with, and docs not reach that far more
extended and diversified commerce which is
carried on among the several States by land ?
Is not the exercise of the power quite as im-
portant to the regulation of commerce by land—
by railroad, if you please—as by navigation ?
It is true, nothing was said in the considera-
tion and discussion of that case about railroads
as a means of commercial intercourse among
the States. In fact, railroads at that time were
unknown in the country.
But now the whole surface of the country is
interwoven and overspread as by a grand net-
work of railroads, connected together, running
through and uniting the several States, far and
near, in more intimate commercial, as well as
social and political, relations, than ever before,
and forming one great national railway system.
If I may be allowed the simile, our railroads
now constitute the great national suteries of
the Republic, through whichruns the life-blood
of tlic body-politic; and anything which ob-
structs oi impairs its full and free circulation
at any one pomtaffcclsanddisorders thewhole
system. I doubt not that to-day more than one
half—perhaps three fourths, possibly seven
eighths—of the domestic commerce of the coun-
try among the several States is carried on by
means of our railroads over the territories
of the several States, and among the several
States, and from one State to another Slate.
I repeat the question', then, is not the exercise
of the power of Congress to " regulate com-
merce among the several States " quite as im-
portant to the regulation of commerce by rail-
road transportationas by river or coastwise nav-
igation? And is it not quite as important that
the one should be free and exempt from State
restrictions as the other ? Why shall the power
be applied in tlieone case and notin the other?
Why this distinction? There is no reason for
it—none whate\ er. The public roads and high-
ways of a State are open and common to the
use of all the citizens of the United States, as
are its navigable streams : and it is but sheer
inconsistency to assert that Congress may regu-
late the commerce over the one and not over
the other.
The power of Congress "to regulate com-
merce among the several States" necessarily
reaches it anywhere and everywhere among the
States—not less upon the railroad car than
upon the steamboat. The main purpose o f con-
ferring this power upon Congress was to secure
a uniform system of commercial regulations,
emanating from a single authority, instead of
being subject to various and conflicting rules
and regulations which must unavoidably follow
if each State were to prescribe its own rules
and regulations. It was for the very purpose
of securing this unity, this harmony, ot action
that the Slates consented to yield this power to
the Federal Government; and among the lore-
most and most persistent of all the Stales in
favor of surrendering this power in the several
States to the Federal authority for the purpose
of securing unity and uniformity in the regula-
tions of commerce was New Jersey herself, be
it said to her high credit.
What, then, is the measure or extent of this
power—this power to "regulate commerce
among the several States?" The obvious an-
swer is, that it is as full and complete as is the
power to regulate commerce with foreign na-
tions. Manifestly, it is as full and complete as
is the power to regulate commerce with the In-
dian tribes. Most clearly itis as full and com-
plete as the several States themselves possessed
before the formation of the Constitution. In
other words, it is the same power which the
respective States themselves possessed when
under the Confederation, in short, the States
severally surrendered to the Federal Govern-
ment, and consequently divested themselves of
whatever power they possessed over the subject.
The power of Congress, therefore, to "regu-
late commerce anioug the several States" is
plenary, it is exclusive, itis coextensive with the
subject upon which it operates, and. inthe lan-
guage of Chief Justice Marshall, "it operates
upon that subject wherever it exists." And what
is this power to regulate? to "regulate com-
mcrcc among the several States?" Manifestly
it is something more than a mere power to issue
registers to merchant and trading vessels, or to
grant licenses, or to give permits, or to estab-
lish ports of entry. From its very nature and
purpose, it is a power to create, or rather to pre-
serve and to protect, and not to destro}-. It is a
power to improve, and not to impair. It is a
power to facilitate, and not to retard or to em-
barrass : and more than all, and essential to all,
and comprehending all these, it is a'power to
interpose and toremove whatever of obstructions
or restrictions may have been imposed upon
commercial intercourse with and between the
several States by local State legislation, taking
care always to distinguish between that legisla-
tion and that commerce which arc strictly local
and internal, and which allect only the citizens
of the pellicular State, and that legislation and
that commerce which are more general, and
which ali'eet the citizens of other States. To
illustrate: Congress may interpose and annul
the restrictions of a grant from the State of New
York fortlie exclush e navigation of the Hudson
river. Congress may not interpose and annul
the restrictions of a like grant for the navigation
of Cayuga lake; the reason being thai in the one
case it is strictly local and internal, and affects
only the interests of citizens of the particular
State, whil e in the other case the exclusive grant
affects the commercial rights and interests of
citizens of other States. For the same reason,
Congress may not interfere with the local mu-
nicipal railroads in the ciry of New York, or
Brooklyn, or Buffalo, while it may interfere to
remove the restrict ions of an exclusive grant to
anyone of the great lailroad lines across the
State, to the exclusion of all her other lines of
road, in the conveying of passengers and freight
from one State to another State, by authorizing
the other railroad companies to exercise and
enjoy the same privilege. This distinction is
recognized in all our courts. This distinction
is reasserted and rcatlir,ned in the argument of
counsel and in the o|)inioii of the court in the
ease of Ogden.
lint the inquiry is made, what is commerce?
And bv wav of criticism or of sarcasm, rather
than of answer to the inquiry, it is said that a
railroad is not, commerce—the railroad cars
are not commerce which Congress may regu-
late. True, railroad cars nor the track upon
which they run are commerce, nor is a ship
commerce, nor the river or the bay upon which
it floats; but they are all agencies of commerce.
It is said that passengeis are not commerce,
that freight is not commerce. All true enough.
Nor are cotton, or wool, or wheat, or corn, or
sugar, or eoflee, or salt, or silks, or hardware,
of themselves commerce. But they are all ele-
ments of commerce. And when the cotton, or
wool, or wheat, or corn, are placed upon the
train of cars and transported from one part of
i the country—from the great WcU tor example—
to another part of the country, say to Bos-
ton, or New York, or Philadelphia, or Balti-
more, and there exchanged for other commodi-
ties—sugar, tea, coffee, and other articles of
merchandise—and these, in turn, are placed
upon the railroad train, and carried back for
distribution and consumption among the peo-
ple, this process—the combined operation of
all these elements and agencies—constitutes or
produces that result, that idea, which we denom-
inate commerce. It is commerce; it is domes-
tic commerce; it is commerce among the sevr
eral States; it is commerce in which the citizens
of more than one State are-interested—in which
the citizens of the whole country are interested;
it is commerce in the sense and meaning of the
Constitution. And this is commerce, which.
Congress has power to '' regulate'' in its transit
over intervening States to other States, and to
remove any obstructions which may be imposed
upon its transportation by local State legisla-
tion. Commerce, though a complex idea, ia
nevertheless a unit, a one integral interest, and
not several and separate. It is an interest; an
important interest; a vital interest; general,
pervading, and common to the whole country.
It is an interest which belongs, not to the States
severally, but to the States united; as mucli so
as your Army and Navy. Itis therefore a na-
tional and not a local interest; an interest to be
regulated by national and not by local authority.
Again, Mr. President, it is said, as though,
the assertion was pertinent to the present in-
quiry, that a State—New J ersey, for instance—is
under no obligation to build a railroad at allj
and the question is asked, can we compel her to
build a railroad or any other kind of roadacros3
her territory? No, sir; I do not contend that
wo can compel a State to build a road of any
kind, otherwise than by what may be called
moral compulsion. Nor do I contend that a
State is under obligation to build a road of any
description across her territory other than the
obligation which every State owes to itself as a
member of the Union; other than the obliga-
tion which every State owes to the community
at large; other than the obligation which every
State owes to the advancing civilization of the
age, to keep step with the progress of the im-
provements of the times; and it is hardly to be
conceived that any stronger or more cogent in-
centive, in addition to the motive of self-interest,
can be presented or urged upon the considera-
tion of a- State as an inducement to the fulfill-
ment of a high public duty. .But suppose,what
is hardly a supposable case, that a State—New
Jersey, for illustration—blindly and obstinately
refuses or neglects to fulfill this high duty to itself
and to the country, and constructs no road, and
will not construct any road, and will open no
way, nor provide any means of intercommuni-
cation over her territory with other States.
What then? Is there no relief? Is there norem-
cdy? Must wc submit to be forever barred from
all intercourse between other and contiguous
States across her territory?
Is there no way of opening communication
over her territory'between New York and Phil-
adelphia ? Is your Federal Government so fee-
ble and so powerless that it cannot open away
of communication over the territory of an in-
tervening State so delinquent in this regard?
No, sir, your Federal Government has ample
power to provide the full measure of relief in such
a case; and under its unquestioned authority to
establish post roads, or military roads, or com-
mercial roads, if you please, it may construct
one or more roads across the territory of the
delinquent State, as the public necessities or the
public convenience may require.
If the State, however, shall build one road
and but one road over its territory, so long as
that road shall meet 1lio full measure of the
public demand and furnish the requisite and
adequate facilities for commercial intercourse
between the several Slates, so far forth that
State fulfills its obligation to itself and to the
public in that behalf; but the one road failing
to meet, the public wants, and to furnish ade-
quate means of commercial intercourse with
and between other States, it presents the ocea-
