1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3213
tinctly decided in Holmes vs. Jennison, H Pet., 540;
m Groves vs. Slaughter, 1.5 Pet., 449; and in Priprg vs.
The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, 15 Pet., 5J9.
"If those cases are to stand, the right of the State
is undoubted. And it is equally clear that if it may
remove from among its citizens any person or descrip-
tion of persons whom it regards as injurious to its
welfare, it follows that it may meet them at the
threshold and prevent them from entering. For it
will hardly be said that the United States may per-
mit them to enter and compel the State to receive
them, and that the State may immediately afterward
expel them. There could be no reason of policy or
humanity fur compelling thc Statcs, by the power of
Congress, to imbibe the poison, and then leaving
them to fmd a remedy for it by their own exertions
andattheirownexpense," *• * * "If
the State has the power to determine whether the
per.-ons objected to shall remain in the State in asso-
ciation with its citizens, it must,asan incident insep-
axably connected with it, have the right to deter-
mine who «half enter. Indeed, in the easeof Groves
vi. Slaughter, the Mississippi constitution prohibited
the entry of the objectionable persons, and the opin-
ions of the court throughout treat the exercise of this
power as being the same with that of expelling them
alter they have entered." •> * * x "I
think it to be vciy clear, both on principle and the
authoi ity of adjudged oa^es that the several States
have a right to remove irom amongtheirpcople, and
to prevent irom entering the State, any per>on or
class or description of persons whom it may deem
dangerous or nij m ious to the interests and welfare of
its citizen^, and that the State has the exclusivcright
to detemnnc, m its sound discretion, whether the
danger does or does not exist, tree from the control
of the General Government."
Those latter extracts, I concede, are taken
from a dissenting opinion delivered in the cause,
and as to how far they are pertinent to the
points that were involved in it is a question
about which there was a difference of opinion
among the judges of the court in which the
case was considered. I submit; however, that
the views of the learned judge who delivered
this dissenting opinion arc amply sustained
by th# authorities already cited, and whether
strictly pertinent to the case then under dis-
cussion or not, are undeniably correct as ab-
stract propositions of law, and fully meet the
approbation of my judgment. I could cite other
authorities of like import and still further cor-
roborating the positions I have assumed, but
my time will not ptiniit me. The authorities
I have leferred to I maintain fully sustain me
as to the power of a State to determine who
shall enter its territorial limits, and to exclude
al! persons whom it may regard as dangerous
or injurious to its interests, for whatever cause,
whether real or imaginary.
In the opinion, however, of the convention
to which I have referred, and of an overwhelm-
ing majority of I he people of our State at the
time of the adoption of our present constitu-
tion, the power to exclude negroes and mulat-
toes rested on much stronger grounds than the
power to exclude people of all classes of other
countries and other States,, which I have shown
exists in ail the States choosing to exercise it.
The convention acted upon the theory that
negroes and mulattoes were not citizens of the
United States, were not parties to the political
compact which formed the Constitution and
Government of the United State?, and were
not entitled to become citizens of the United
States under the then existing laws of Con-
gress and without a radical change of policy
on the part of the General Government. In
this assertion I am also sustained by the de-
bates of the convention to which I have referred.
In this theory our people were then supported
by the long continued and almost uniform
usages and practices of the United States Gov-
ernment, by the opinions of many of the most
eminent men in the country, and by the sol-
emn adjudications of the courts of several of
the Slates of the Union. T am aware that the
impiesMon prevails to a very considerable
extent that_no respectable court had ever rec-
ognised this theory until the opinion in the
celebrated Drcd Scott case was pronounced
by the Supreme Court of the United States.
Thi* impre sion is erroneous, however, as I
shall attempt to show.
In Kentucky, it had been decided in the case
of Ely vs. Thompson, 3 Mar., 71, that—
"Although free persons of color are not parties to
the social compact, yet they are entitled to repose
under its fchadow."
Again, in Aury vs. Smith, 1 Litt. Rep., 327;
the court said that—
" Prior to theadoption of the Federal Constitution
States had a right to make citizens of any person
they pleased; but as the Constitution does not author-
ize any hut white persons to become citizens of the
United States, it furnishes a presumption that none
others were citizens at the time of its adoption."
In Arkansas, on the 20th of January, 1843,
an act was approved entitled—
** An act to prohibiteraigration, &c„ of free negroes,
or free persons of color, into this State."
Soon afterward a man of color was indicted,
tried, and convicted for coming into that State
contrary to the provisions of tha£ act. In re-
viewing this case the supreme court of that
State say:
"The Legislature, no doubt, intended not only this
section but the entire act as a measure of police ne-
cessary to the security and well-being of the people
of the State. In this view we arc unable to perceive
any clause or provision of either the Federal or State
constitution with which it conflicts. If any, it is that
clause of the former which dcelaves that* the citi-
zens of each State shall be entitled to all privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several States.'
Are free negroes, or free colored persons, citizens
within the meaning of this clause? AVe think not.
In recurring to the past history of the Constitution,
and prior to its foundation,to that of the Confedera-
tion, it will be found that nothing beyond a kind of
quasi citizenship has ever been recognized in the case
of colored persons."
In Connecticut, in 1833, a law was passed,
which made it penal to set up or establish any
school in that State for the instruction of the
African race not inhabitants of the Stale, or to
instruct or teach in any such school or institu-
tion, or board or harbor for that purpose any
such person, without the previous consent in
writing of the civil authorities of the town in
which such school or institution might be sit-
uated.
Prudence Crandal! was prosecuted for board-
ing and harboring a person of color, not an
inhabitant of the State, contrary to the pro-
visions of this law. One of the points raised
in the defense was, that the law was a viola-
tion of the Cpnstitution of the United States,
and that the person instructed, although of the
African race, was a citizen of another State,
and therefore entitled to the rights and priv-
ileges of citizens in the State of Connecticut.
But Chief Justice Dagget, who presided at the
trial of the cause, held that persons of that
description were not citizens of a State, within
the meaning of the word "citizen" in the Con-
stitution of the United States, and were not,
therefore, entitled to the privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in other States.
The case was can ied to the supreme court
of errors of that Slate. But it went off there
on another point, and no opinion was expressed
in that court on the question of negro citizen-
ship. The rulings of Chief Justice Dagget in
the ease have long been quoted with appro-
bation, however, by many of the courts of
the country, and the case itself, in Indiana
at least, has long been regarded as a leading
one of its class. (See Crandall vs. The State,
10 Conn. Hep., 340.)
Before the assembling of our convention,
similar decisions on the question of negro
citizenship had been made, I believe, in
Georgia and Mississippi, and perhaps other
States, but I cannot now give a reference to
the cases from those States.
In 1S21 the late William Wirt, then Attorney
General of the United States, in a case referred
to him, decided that "citizens of the United
States" were used in the acts of Congress in
the same sense as in the Constitution: and
that free persons of color were not citizens
within the meaning of the Constitution and
laws of the United States. The conduct of
the executive department of the Government,
so far as I am advised on the question, has,
with some trivial exceptions, and until a recent
period, been in strict conformity with this opin-
ion of Mr. Wirt.
Again, sir, the act of Congress passed in
175)0, during the second session of the first
Congress which assembled after the adoption
of the Constitution of the United States, pro-
viding "a uniform rule of naturalization,"
confines the right to become citizens "to aliens,
being free white persons," A large number
of those who, as members of Congress, enacted
this law were members of the Convention which
adopted the Constitution, and thus gave what
we must in fairness concede their interpreta-
tion to that instrument as to what classcs of
persons were citizens, and as to who were
entitled to become such under it.
In 1813 another act of Congress was passed,
providing—
" That from and after the termination of the war,
in which the United States arc now engaged with
Great Britain, it shall not be lawful to employ on
board of any public or private vessels of the United
States, any person or persons except citizens of the
United States or persons of color, natives of the Uni-
ted States."
This act cksarly makes a distinction between
citizens of the United States and persons of
color, although natives of the United States,
and is certainly a very plain legislative inter-
pretation of the Constitution, that persons of
color, though born in the country, are not cit-
izens of the United States within the legal
meaning of that phrase.
These authorities, with many others of simi-
lar import which I have not the space to refer
to, all preceded by many years the Dred Scott
decision, and were to a greater or less extent
referred to and discussed by the Indiana con-
vention during its deliberations. Since then
these authorities have been reviewed and af-
firmed in this Drcd Scott case, and upon the
question of non-eitizonsliip of the African race
announce no now doctrine. I know that that
case has been and still is bitterly denounced,
and that terrible words have been pronounced
against the learned judge who delivered the
opinion of the court in that cause. These have
been and still are but the ebullitions of fren-
zied partisanship, and will perish with the pas-
sions which evoked them. Judge Taney will
be revered as one of the most learned, distin-
guished, and incorruptible judges that has yet
ever adorned the American judiciary long af-
ter most of his assailants have been forgotten.
Whatever objection has been made to the opin-
ion of the court m that case, in other respects,
but few eminent lawyers have ever within my
knowledge denied its correctness in so far as it
decides that persons of African descent were
not citizens of the United States within the
meaning of the Constitution. The action of
the present Congress in endeavoring to confer
citizenship upon that class of people I regard
as a concession of its correctness on that point.
The negro, then, not being a citiz.en of the
United States, and hence not shielded as'such
by the Federal Constitution, but constituting
an anomalous and quasi foreign element, dom-
iciled in the States respectively, and whether
as a slave or freeman peculiarly within the
jurisdiction find under the control of the States,
it irresistibly follows that each State may for
itself determine whether or not such negro
shall enter its territory, and if he shall be so
permitted to enter, then to determine the condi-
tions upon which he shall be allowed to remain,
and to lixand deline his status while he does so
remain within it.
1 have so far, Mr. Speaker, discussed the
mere question of the power of a Stale in cer-
tain matters within its own territorial limits.
I concede, however, that because a State or a
Government may possess the power to do a
particular thing, it does not at all iollow that
it. is always either wise or just to exercise that
power. How far a conceded power ought to
be exercised, or whether exercised at all. is a
question of policy to be determined by each
State for itself from time to time as emergen-
cies may arise. Was it good policy, there-
fore, for the people of Indiana to exercise the
power the State possessed in regard to the
negro race in the manner they did? To this I
might reply that it is a domestic question
alone about which no other State has any well-
-rounded reason to complain, and hence not
a proper subject of discussion outside of the
