isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11W3
cognizance of the Sta te governments. We look essen-
tially to the State courts fur protection to all these
momentous interests. Theytouch.inthciropcration,
every chord ot human sympathy, and control our best
destinies. it is their province to reward and to punish.
J heir blessings and their terrors will accompany us
to t.ue fireside, and be in constant activity beiore the
public eye."—1 Kent, Lecture 19, see. 416.
Sir, I have always so learned ouv dual system
of Government by winch our own American
nationality and liberty have been established
and maintained. I have always believed that
the protection in time of peace within the States
of all the rights of person and citizen was of the
powers reserved to the States. And so I still
believe.
Now, what does this bill propose? To re-
form the whole civil and criminal code of every
State government by declaring that there shall
be no discrimination between citizens on ac-
count of race or color in civil rights or in the
penalties prescribed by their laws. I humbly
bow before the majesty of justice, as 1 bow be-
fore the majesty of that God whose attribute it
is, and therefore declare there should be no such
inequality or discrimination even in die penal-
ties for crime; but what power have you to cor-
rcct it? That is the question. You further say
that in the courts of justicc of the several States
there shall, as to the qualifications of witnesses,
be no discrimination on account of race or color.
I agree that, as to persons who appreciate the
obligation of an oath—and no others should be
permitted to testify—there should be no such
discrimination.
But whence do you derive power to cure it
by a congressional enactment? There should
be no discrimination among citizens of the
United States in the several .States, of like sex,
age, and condition, in regard to the franchises
of office. But such a discrimination does exist
in nearly every State. How do you propose
to cure all this? By a congressional enact-
ment? How? Not by saying, in so many
words, which would be the bold and direct
wa}' of meeting this issue, that every discrimi-
nation of this kind, whether existing in State
constitution or State law, is hereby abolished.
You propose to make it a penal offense for the
judges of the States to obey the constitution
and laws of their States, and for their obe-
dience thereto to punish them by fine and im-
prisonment as felons. I deny your power to
do this. You cannot make an official act, done
under color of law, and without criminal intent
and from a sense of public duty, a crime.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAKER. If it be in order, I will move
that the gentleman from Ohio be allowed to
proceed with his remarks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
from Ohio and myself have arranged this mat-
ter between us.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Iowa
is entitled to the floor.
Mr. WILSON"", of Iowa. T yield n. few mo-
ments of my time to the gentleman from Ohio,
[Sir. SlIEIJ-ABAltOEll.]
Mr. SHELLABAUGER.1. Mr. Speaker, I
shall not, of course, attempt to discuss any
single feature of this bill in the few minutes
allowed me ; it is not for this that I have sought
the favor which the gentleman from Iowa has
accorded me. I propose simply to take this
opportunity to explain the vote which I shall
give upon this question, as I shall vote to refer
this bill to the committee without instructions,
in hope that it may be changed in some of its
provisions ; but should it not bo referred, I, as
now advised, will vote for the bill.
Now, sir, I have no difficulty in regard to the
constitutionality of the'second section of this
bill, provided we have the power to enact the
first section. My mind, I frankly state, has
not reached satisfactorily the conclusion that
there is not doubt as to whether we have power
to enact the iirst section of this bill; and if we
have hoi power to pass the urst^ section. then
wc cannot enact the second. My mind, how-
ever, has come to a eonclu^iotr which, although
not a settled conviction in which I can say that
mv mind rests, yet I shall resolve the doubts
which 1 have, if I ean say I have any, in favor
of the security and protection of the American
citizen for which the bill is meant-to provide.
Permitme, (hen, to indicate to tho House how
I attain the conclusion that we may pass this
first scction into law.
I do not understand that there is now any
serious doubt anywhere as to our power to ad-
mit by law to the rights of American citizen-
ship entire classes or races who were born and
continue to reside in our territory or in terri-
tory we acquire. I stated the other day some
of the cases in which we naturalized races,
tribes, and communities in mass, and by single
exercises of national sovereignty. This we did
by the treaty of April 80, 1800, by which we
acquired Louisiana; also in the treaty of 1819,
by which we acquired Florida; also in the treaty
of 1848, by which we acquired part of Mexico;
also by the resolution of March 1,1845, annex-
ing Texas, and the act of December 29, same
year, admitting Texas into the Union, we made
all the people not slaves citizens ; also, by the
treaty of September 27, 1830, we admitted to
citizens certain heads of families of Choc-
taws; also, by the treaty of December 29,1855,
we did the same as to the Cherokees; also, by
the act of March 3, 1843, we admitted to full
citizenship the Stockbridge tribe of Indians.
There can, therefore, be no doubt as to our
right to enact that part of this section which
confers citizenship upon all our native people.
The residue of the section provides that—
There shall bo no discrimination in civil rights or
immunities among citizens of the United States in
any State or Teriitoriy of the United,States on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of slavery;
and such citizens of every race and color, without re-
gard to any previous condition Of slavery orinvolnn-
tary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted,
shall have the same rig-ht to make and enforce con-
tracts, to sue, be parties and give evidence, to inherit,
purchase, lease, sell, hold, and convey real anil per-
sonal property, and to full and equal benefit of all
laws and proceeding for the security of pel-son and
property as is enjoved bv white citizens, and shall he
subject to like punishment, pains, and penalties,and
tononeothui-,aiiy law.statute, ordinance, regulation,
or custom, to the contrary notwithstanding.
Now, sir, these provisions, first, prohibit its
discrimination in securing the civil rights of
citizens on account of race, color, or previous
condition of slavery. Second, that these, with-
out regard to such race or condition, shall have
the same right to contract, convey, sue. testify,
inherit, and to claim benefit of the laws pro-
tecting person and property as white citizens,
and shall be subject to the same penalties, and
this notwithstanding any other laws.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if this section did in fact
assume to confer or define or regulate these
civil rights, which are named by the words
contract, sue, testify, inherit, &e., then it would,
as seems to me, be an assumption of the re-
served rights of the States and the people. But,
sir. except so far as it confers citizenship, it
neither confers nor defines nor regulates any
right whatever. Its whole effect is not to confer
orregulate rights, but to require that whatever
of these enumerated rights and obligations arc
imposed by State laws shall be for and upon
all citizens alike without distinctions based on
race or former condition in slavery.
If it undertook, for example, to say that a
married woman or child under age of intelli-
gence should testify, that would invade the
rights reserved to the State. But, sir, it does
nothing like that. It permits the States to say
that the wife may not testify, sue, or contract.
It makes no law as to this. Its whole effect is
to require that whatever rights as to each of
these enumerated civil (not political) matters
the States may confer upon one race or color
of tho citizens shall be held by all races in
equality. Your State may deprive women of
the right to sue or contract or testify, and chil-
dren from doing the same. But if you do so,
or do not so as to one race, you shall treat the
other likewise. It does not prohibit you from
discriminating between citizens of the same
race, or of different race}, as to what their
rights to testify, to inherit, etc., shall be. But
if you do discriminate, it must not be "on ac-
count of race, color, or former condition of
slavery." . That is all; If you permit a white
man who is an infidel to testify,- so you must a
colored infidel.
Self-evidently this is tho -whole effect of this
first section, it secures—not to all' ci'tiz&ttis,
but to all races, as races who are citizens—
equality of protection in those enumerated cml
rights which the States may deem pi'tfp&r -to
confer upon any races. Now, eir, can this
Government do this? Can it prevent otie'ratje
of free citizens from being by State laivs de-
prived as a race of all the civil rights for the
securement of whieh his Government was cre-
ated, and which are the only considerations
the Government renders to hinrforthe Federal
allegiance which he renders? It does seem
to me that that Government whieh has the
exclusive right to confer citizenship, and which
is entitled to demand service ftnd allegiance,
which is supreme over that due to any State,
may, nay, must, protect those citizens in those
rights which are fairly conducive and appro-
priate and necessary to the attainment of his
'' protection " as a citizen. And I think those
rights to contract, sue, testify, inherit, <fec.,
which this bill says the races shall hold as
races in equality, are of that class which are
fairly conducive and nccessary as means to the
constitutional end, to wit, the protection of
the rights of person and property of a citizen.
It has been found impossible to settle or define
what are all the indispensable rights of Amer-
ican citizenship. -But it is perfectly well set-
tled what are some of these, and without which
there is no citizenship, either in this or any
other Government. Two of these are the right
of petition and tho right of protection in such
property as it is lawful for that particular citi-
zen to own.
In support of this proposition, I can, in these
few minutes allotted to me, cite little author-
ity. But 1 cite one or two from the extremest
and ablest of the State-rights school of Ameri-
can politics, and 1 do so because if these con-
cede to tho Federal Government the power I
claim, then there ought to be no doubts about
the power.
I first cite the speech of Mr. Calhoun in the
Senate, 2d April, 1830. He says:
"Whatever difference of opinion there may be as
to what other rights appertain to a citizen, he has
tho right to petition and also to claim tho protection
of his government. Xhcscbelonfjtohimasameaiber
of the body-politic, and tho possession of them is
what separates citizens of the lowest condition from
aliens and slaves."
This much as to the fact that the lowest grade
of citizenship gives the right of protection in
person and property.
And the right of all citizens to be secured
in the enjoyment of whatever privileges their
citizenship does confer upon them is in its very
nature ecjiial, and therefore the highest and
lowest citizen is alike entitled to his country's
protection. Mr. Lawrence, in his Wheat on" s
International Law, says, in speaking of the right
of the States to add to the qualifications of
naturalization other qualifications before he
shall vote, says:
"It is believed that such qualifications, whatever
they may be, must apply equally to all classes of cit-
izens in tlic State, whether native or naturalized.
And Vattel, in his Law of Nations, defines
citizens to be—
"Members of civil society bound to this society by
certain duties, and subject to its authority; they
equally participate in its advantages."'
Innumerable authorities might be produced
to show a self-evident thing, that protection by
his Government is the right of every citizen,
and that this right to protection is equal to all
citizens ; but that is not proper.
In that same great argument Mr. Calhoun
shows that these rights of citizenship, so con-
ferred and entitled to protection by the united
States, cannot be taken away or impaired by
the action of the States. Surely no proof is
necessary to show this. If tho States may
abridge or destroy rights of citizenship which
the Onited States confers and is bound to secure,
and must even levy'war to protect against the
slightest outrage by a foreign Government, then
the Dnited States is no nation. Then South Car-
