1294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March, 9,
olina may do, with utter impunity, a violence to
an American citizen which all the armies and
navies and treasures of the Republic must be
exhausted in order to prevent at the hands of
a foreign State. 11 must here be noted that the
violations of citizens' rights, which are reached
and punished by this bill, are those which are
inflicted under "color of law," &c. Thebilldoes
not reach mere private wrongs,, but only those
done under color of State authority; and that au-
thority must be extended on accjount of the race
or color. It is meant, therefore, not to usurp
the powers of the States to punish offenses gen-
erally against the rights of citizens in the sev-
eral States, but its whole force is expended in
defeating an attempt, under State laws, to de-
prive races and the members thereof as such
of the rights enumerated in this act. This is
the whole of it.
Who will say that Ohio can pass a law en-
acting that 110 man of the German race, and
whom the. United States has made a citizen of
the United States, shall ever own any property
in Ohio, or shall ever make a contract in Ohio,
or ever inherit property in Ohio, or ever come
into Ohio to live, or even to work? If Ohio
may pass sueli a law, and exclude a German
citizen, not because he is a bad man or has
been guilty of crime, but because he is of the
Germau nationality or race, then may every
other State do so ; and you have the spectacle
of an American citizen admitted to all its high
privileges, and entitled to the protection of his
Government in eaeli of these rights, and bound
to surrender life and property for its defense,
and yet that citizen is not entitled to either con-
tract., inherit, own property, work, or live upon
a single spot of the Republic, nor to breathe
its air. Is not a doctrine that leads us to this
amazing for its defiance of the merest decen-
cies ot'law or logic? And yet, sir, if wo can-
not pass into law the main provisions of the
l'n-st section of this bill, it does place this Gov-
ernment in this position of utter helplessness,
and destroys the American nationality.
The only doubt I have as to the constitution-
ality of this lirst section arises out of the ques-
tion whether all these rights to testily, &e.,
ivInch are enumerated ill this section, can be
said to come within the rule laid down by the
Supreme Court in innumerable cases, that in
order to entitle this Government to assume a
power as an implied power of this Government
it' 'must, appear that it is appropriate and plainly
adapted to the end." (2Story on Constitution,
see. lAVi.) If each one of these rights, to tes-
1ily. &r., are thus necessary to secure! that
which must, us we have seen, be within the
powers of the Government, to wit, the secur-
ing ofllic "protection" of :m American citi-
zen, then the bill is constitutional.
I cannot remark 011 the second section fur-
ther than to say that it is the ordinary case of
providing punishment for violating a law of
Comriess. Surely there is nothing new or
startling in that. _ I shall vote, then,'sir, for the
bill if it. is not referred. X shall vote for its
reference because 1 am certain that some of
the mutters in which equality of right in differ-
ent laces is provided for may be omitted from
the lull without greatly impair iug its value, and
whirh will remove doubts as to const nation-
ality. I may desire to say something further
about, the second section should this bill conic
back to us hereafter.
Mr. W IIjKOW of Iowa. Iliad hoped, Mr.
Speaker, to lie able on this occasion to answer
some of the positions taken by the gentleman
from Ohio. [.Mr. Delano,] who addressed the
House >e-tordav, but I find that his remarks
are not, contained in the Globe this morning:
and as I do not wish to misrepresent any of
his positions, I shall forego the answer I had
intended to make to his most remarkable State
rights speech.
This bill, sir, has met with opposition in both
Houses on the same ground that in times gone
by, before this land was drenched in blood by
the slaveholders' rebellion,' was urged by those
who_ controlled the destinies of the southern
portion of the country, and those who adhered
to their fortunes in the North, for the purpose
of riveting the chain of slavery and converting
this Republic into a great slave nation. The
arguments which have been urged against this
bill in both Houses are but counterparts of
the arguments used in opposition to the author-
ity the Government sought to exercise in con-
trolling and preventing the spread of slavery.
But I have not time in the few minutes allotted
to me to go over the general ground, and I
shall confine myself to the points which have
been made by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Bingham, ] who addressed the House this morn-
ing.
Now, sir, I do not intend to be driven or lured
from the position I took at the opening of this
discussion in justificittion of this bill by any of
the "glittering generalities" which have been
drawn into the discussion. I affirmed on that oc-
casion, and I reaffirm hereto-day, that citizens
of the United States, as such, are' entitled to
certain rights; and I stand here to-day to affirm
that being entitled to those rights it is the duty
of the Government to protect citizens in the
perfect enjoyment of them. The citizen is en-
titled to life, liberty, and the right to property.
The gentleman from Ohio tolls us in the pro-
tection of these rights the citizen must de-
pend upon the "honest purpose of the several
States," and that the General Government can-
not interpose its strongright arm to defend the
citizen in the enjoyment of life, liberty, and in
possession of property. In other words, if the
States of this Union, in their "honest pur-
pose," like the honesty of purpose manifested
by the southern States in times past, should
deprive the citizen, without due process of law,
of life, liberty, and property, the General Gov-
ernment, which can draw the citizen by the
strong bond of allegiance to the battle-field,
has 110 power to intervene and set aside a State
law, and give the citizen protection under the
laws of Congress in the courts of the United
States ; that at the mercy of the States lie all
the rights of the citizen of the United States;
that while it was deemed necessary to consti-
tute a great Government to render secure the
rights of the people, the framers of the Gov-
ernment turned over to the States the power to
deprive the citizen of those things for the se-
curity of which the Government was framed.
In other words, the little State of Delaware
has a hand stronger than the United States;
that revolted South Carolina may put under
lock and key the great fundamental rights be-
longing to the citizen, and we must bo dumb ;
that our legislative power cannot be exercised;
that our courts must bo closed to the appeal of
our citizens. That is the doctrine this House
of Representatives, representing a great free
people, just emerged from a terrible war for the
maintenance of American liberty, is asked to
adopt.
The gentleman from Ohio tells the House
that civil rights involve all the rights that cit-
izens have under the Government; that in the
term are embraced those rights which belong
to the citizen of the United States as such, and
those which belong to a citizen of a State as
such ; and that this bill is not intended merely
to enforce equality of rights, so far as they re-
late to citizens of the United States, but invades
the Stales to enforce equality of rights in re-
spect to those thiugs which properly and right-
fully depend on State regulations and laws.
My friend is too sound a lawyer, is too well
versed in the Constitution of his country, to
indorse that proposition on calm and deliberate
consideration. He knows, as every man knows,
that this bill refers to those rights which be-
long to men as citizens of the United States
and none other; and when ho talks of setting
aside the school laws and jury laws and fran-
chise laws of the States by the bill now under
consideration, ho steps beyond what ho must
know to be the rule of construction which must
apply here, and as the result of which this bill
can only relate to matters within the control
of Congress.
Ho says that we cannot interpose in this way
for the protection of rights. Can we not? What
are the great civil rights to which the first sec-
tion of the bill refers ? I find in the bill of
rights which the gentleman desires to have
enforced by an amendment to the Constitution
that "no person shall be deprived of life, lib-
erty, or property without due process of law.''
I understand that these constitute the civil
rights belonging to the® citizens in conncction .
with those which are necessary for the protec-
tion and maintenance and perfect enjoyment
of the rights thus specifically named, and these
are the rights to which this bill relates, having
nothing to do with subjects submitted to the
control of the several States.
And now, sir, we are not without light as to
the power of Congress in relation to the pro-
tection of these rights. In the case of Prigg
vs. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania—and
this it will be remembered was uttered in be-
half of slavery—I find this doctrine, and it is
perfectly applicable to this case. The court
said:
"Tho fundamental principle applicable to all cases
of this sort would seem to be that where the end is
required the means are given; and where the duty is
enjoined the ability to perform it, is contemplated to
exist on tho part of the functionaries to whom it is
intrusted. The clause is found in the national Con-
stitution and not in that of any State. It does not
point out any State functionaries or any State ac-
tion to carry its provisions into effect. The States
cannot, therefore, be compelted to enfoice them;
and it might well be deemed an unconstitutional
exercise of the power of interpretation to insist that
the States are bound to provide means to carry into
effect the duties of the nationalGovernment nowhere
delegated or intrusted to them by the Constitution.
On the contrary, the natural, if not the necessary,
conclusion is, that the national Government, in tho
absence of all positive provisions to the contrary,
is bound, through its own proper department, legis-
lative, judicial. or executive, as the case may require,
to carry into effect all the rights and duties imposed
upon it by the Constitution. ^ The remarks of Mr.
Madison, in the Federalist, (No. 43,) would seem in
such cases to apply with peculiar ibice. 'A right,' bays
he,' implies a remedy; and where else would the rem-
edy be deposited than where it is deposited by the
Constitution?' meaning, as the context shows, in tho
Government of the United States."
Now, sir, in relation to the great fundamental
rights embraced in the bill of rights, the citizen
beingpossessed of them is entitled to a remedy.
That is the doctrine of the law as laid down by
the courts. There can be no dispute about this.
The possession of the rights by the citizen
raises by implication the power in Congress to
provide appropriate means for their protection;
in other words, to supply the needed remedy.
The citizen is entitled to the right of life,
liberty, and property. Now, if a State inter-
venes and deprives him, without due process
of law, of these rights, as has been the case in
a multitude of instances in the past, have we
no power to make him secure in his priceless
possessions? When such a case is presented
can we notprovide a remedy? Who will doubt
it? Must we wait for tho perpetration of the
wrong before acting? Who will affirm this?
The power is with us to provide the nccessary
protective remedies. If not, from whom shall
they come? From the source interfering with
the right? Not at all. They must be pro-
vided by the Government of the United States,
whose duty it is to protect tho citizen in return
for the allegiance he owes to the Government.
Justice, reason, everything, asserts this as the
true theory for the guidance of our action.
This is in accord with the dignity of govern-
ment,. Without it the Republic becomes an
oppressor, exacting a discharge of duty by the
citizen, in the absence of the power to return
a protective compensation.
I will now notice particularly the provisions
of the amendment proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bixgham] to the motion to
recommit. I want no more complete assertion
of the power to pass this bill as reported from
the committee than the gentleman's own amend-
ment. What does he propose ? To instruct the
committee to report back this bill, striking out
of tho first clause the words " and there shall
bo no discrimination of civil rights or immuni-
ties among citizens of the United States, in any
State or Territory-of the United States, on ac-
count of race, color, or previous condition of
slavery;" and to insert in the eighth line of the
