4174
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
think when they have got a patent that that
ends all questions; they rely upon that. They
purchased this land. No doubt it has cost
these claimants that now occupy the land very
much more than what the Government origin-
ally got. They have acted on the title of the
Government. I think good faith requires it to
make that title good to them—not to Mr. Sweet-
zer. Mr. Sweetzer is not interested in this
question. He is willing to get out of the way
if he gets the reasonable value of his land. He
would rather hold on to the land. He told me
bo early in this session. He is a citizen of In-
diana. He can make more tha"n this out of
the land. Almost anywhere in Ohio good land
is worth more than twenty-five dollars per acre.
We western men all know that. This land will
very soon be worth fifty dollars an acre. If
the improvements in the neighborhood are
going on with any degree of rapidity that land
will be worth fifty dollars an acre in two or
three years, the way lands are going up. It is
for the interest of the Government now to close
this matter up, to settle this dispute, and to
settle the title in favor of these occupiers, so
that they may go and make valuable improve-
ments. The report of the Commissioner shows
that improvements in that neighborhood have
been delayed by the uncertainty of this title.
Good faith, [ think, requires the Government
to secure to these occupants a title which the
patent induced them to believe they received.
On that ground I go for it.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I will ask the Senator
whether good faith requires any more from
the Government than it requires of him in
business.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir; for the sim-
ple reason that our plain, common people, when
they see a patent from the Government of the
United States, ask no lawyer's opinion about
it. They take that as conclusive. It may be
foolish on their part; but the patents have so
uniformly all over the country proven to be
sufficient that thoymake no inquiry about them.
Just show them the great seal from the Land
Office, and that is satisfactory; and it is not
often that the courts will disturb them either;
but in this case the patent is not good, and
I think it ought to be made good to these
people.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not know that 1 should
have said anything in reference lo this claim
but for a remark of the Senator from Maine,
who stated that the bill that had been passed
at (his session probably was not much con-
sidered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 apologize to my friend
for the remark.
Mr. HARRIS. I do not ask for any apology;
but I wish to say a word in reference lo the
matter. This subject came before the commit-
tee of which I am a member, and I examined
the case with an much care as I was able to
bestow upon it; and I consulted the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office in reference
to it. _ There was some evidence before the
committee on the subject. I became entirely
satisfied that the first appraisal was really not
to be relied upon. It was an appraisal made
by an officer of the Government; a surveyor, I
think. I was satisfied he did not know much
about the value of the land. It appeared to
the committee that this owner was willing to
take the venture of a second appraisal by ap-
praisers to be appointed in an impartial man-
ner. Ho had remarked that he would take
the value of the land as it should be found
upon a reappraiscment. Under thesp circum-
stances I thought the owner was acting fairly,
and I thought the Government ought not to
insist upon the former appraisal made by one
of its own officers, who probably never saw the
land and knew nothing about its value. Under
these circumstances it was that the committee
reported a bill for a reappraisal; and it seems
to me good faith toward the settlers ;-pon the
land, who have taken the land from the Gov-
ernment and gone on and occupied it, requires
that the Government should now pay (his ap-
praisal thus made, evidently impartially, and
thus relieve these settlers, who have acted in
entire good faith, from any further trouble
about it. It seems so to me.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can state that the ap-
praiser appointed, J. P. Kinney, is an employ^
of the Interior Department, and he went out
there and took the testimony of quite a num-
ber of witnesses; among the rest, he took the
testimony of one or two interested in this mat-
ter as settlers; and that testimony is given in
a report which is before me. I have no doubt
this is about the fair value of the land.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Upon the whole I think
we might as well make this appropriation and
close this business.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio to the amendment of the committee.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the commit-
tee striking out the section as amended.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was to strike out the
seventh section, in the following words:
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the Capitol
police shall bo entitled to the increased compensa-
tion allowed to officers, clerks, messengers, and oth-
ers in the employ of the House of Representatives.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason why that
was stricken out was that it was a sequence of
the other provision, where they had raised the
salaries of their employes by a mere resolu-
tion ; and therefore, unless we struck out this
section providing that "the Capitol police shall
be entitled to the increased compensation al-
lowed to officers, clerks, messengers, and others
in the employ of the House of Representatives,''
it would not conform, and it is really putting
the Capitol police upon the same ground that
we object to putting the others upon; that is to
say, allowing the House by resolution to raise
them. I should have no objection, individu-
ally, to this section if it was amended to read
in this way, to meet what will probably be
done on the other bill:
That tlio Capitol police shall bo entitled to the in-
creased compensation allowed by law to officers,
clerks, messengers, and others in tho employ of the
Ilouso of Representatives.
And then if they are raised the Capitol po-
lice will be raised also.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think you had better
strike it out and lot them both be considered
in the other bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This will not be con-
sidered in the other bill necessarily.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is in the other section
at any rate. It is twice in this bill about the
Capitol police.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where else?
Mr. SHERMAN. In section three. That
includes the Capitol police.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ,We have stricken out
section throe.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but that question
is open between the two Houses. It is repeated
twice in this bill.
Mi-. FESSENDEN. In the bill that was sent
to the House last night the Senate inserted a
clause giving twenty per cent, to its employes.
That will undoubtedly afford the House an op-
portunity to put theirs upon the same level. It
is therefore in that bill that that will be con-
sidered, and not in this.
Mr. SHERMAN. I spoke of the Capitol
police.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; if we insert
in this section the words "allowed bylaw" and
we amend the other bill as is proposed by giving
the employes twenty per cent., the Capitol po-
lice will get that; if we do not, they will stand
as the others do.
Mr. SHERMAN. My impression is that the
committee was right in striking them out and
leaving them to the committee of conference
Mr. FESSENDEN. The question would
not necessarily arise before a committee of
conference, because uo amendment was made
with reference to the Capitol police.
Mr. POLAND. I quite agree with the Sen-
ator from Maine in saying that the House has no
right to raise the wages of the employes of the
House without our consent. Itis done by law,
and they cannot make a law alone, and the mode
in which they have undertaken it is irregular;
but upon the bill that we passed last night
we provided that the employes of the Senate
should have twenty per cent, in addition to what
is now provided by law. I shall, at the proper
time, move an amendment proposing to give
twenty per cent, in addition to the employes,
clerks, and other officers of the House of Rep-
resentatives, including the Capitol police. I
cannot offer my amendment until we get through
with the committee's amendments, but I shall
propose an amendment to this bill, which the
House will have to concur in to make it a law,
that the employes of the House shall have the
same per cent, addition to what is now pro-
vided by law that we have given to ours.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The result will be that
you bring the same subject to be dispatched in
two bills. They have already gone on the mis-
cellaneous bill in which we have made a pro-
vision for the officers, clerks, &c., of the
Senate.
Mr. POLAND. But there is nothing in it
in relation to the officers of the House or the
Capitol police.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; it has been
sent to the House, and the understanding is
that they will on that move an amendment giv-
ing the same compensation to their officers.
Mr. POLAND. I have become a little shy
of understandings.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was supposed to
be the course that would be taken with a view
to avoid this difficulty that arises here. If it
is not done there, it will not be done here.
There is no use of putting on both.
Mr. POLAND. If it is not done there and
it is not done here it will not be done at all,
and I propose that it shall be.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If they disagree to it
in that bill they will disagree to it in this.
Mr. POLAND. I propose that it shall be
put on this bill and we shall get together some-
where. There is no danger of doing it twice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think there is very
great awkwardness in doing the same thing
twice, and I do not want to have both bills
burdened and debated about the same thing.
Besides, it is not customary. I have never
known an instance in which tho Senate under-
took to fix the compensation of the officers or
clerks of the House, or the House the officers
and clerks of the Senate. That is a new idea.
It is always left to each branch to settle that
matter, and if there is a dispute it is settled in
a conference.
Mr. POLAND. The House have under-
taken to do that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. POLAND. They have undertaken to
fix the wages of the employes of their depart-
ment, and we say they have not done it in a
legal way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator in his in-
experience is introducing a totally new prac-
tice into the Senate and into Congress. In all
rny experience here I never saw it attempted
in either House to fix the compensation of the
employes of the other.
Mr. POLAND. I do not care about the
employes of the House ; they may take care of
themselves. I will restrict my amendment to
the Capitol police.
^Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I will ask the
Senator: suppose the amendment with regard
to the officers, clerks, &c., should fail, does
he mean to gi*re the twenty per cent, to the
Capito) police and not to the others?
Mr. POLAND. Wc shall get together about
that. I do \iot apprehend any difficulty. If
they are left off in both bills they will be very
sure not to get it; but if they are kept on both,
I think we shall contrive some way by which
they shall get it but once.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was instructed by the
committee to move to strike out this section;
