2254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
nor to the loyal people, but to that portion only
of the inhabitants of the States who were in
armed rebellion -against the Federal Govern-
ment. The insurgents m the South made war
for the purpose of taking their States out of
the Union, and establishing a separate and in-
dependent government over them. That was
the issue tendered by them; that was the issue
accepted by the Federal Government, On the
22d of July, 1861, both Houses of Congress
passed a resolution by almost unanimous votes
xn which they declared that the war was not
waged on our part—
" For any purpose of conquest or subjugation, nor
purpose ofoverthrowing or interfering withthe rights
. or established institutions of the States, but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union with all the dignity, equality,
and rights of the several States unimpaired."
The Federal arms were triumphantly success-
ful. No one will have the hardihood to deny
that every issue involved in the war thus waged
was gained to the Federal Government by the
successful result of the war. This alone
would seem sufficient to close all debate on
this question.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] says the States of the South are out of
the Union. But we answer, the war was waged
to keep them from going out, and the war was
successful. That gentleman holds that the war
between the North and the South '' severed all
compacts and broke all ties that bound them
together." But the answer is, the Constitu-
tion was the tie that bound them together.
The war was waged on our part "to defend and
maintain the supremacy of the Constitution,"
. and the war was successful.
He holds that the people of the South have
been subjugated, conquered, and are subject
to the will of the conqueror, " or to the abso-
lute disposal of Congress." But nothing of
the kind could possibly result from the war,
because we have seen "that the war was not
waged for any purpose of conquest or subju-
gation."
That gentleman, and others of the same
party, contend that the war has destroyed the
States of the South and reduced them to mere
Territories or conquered provinces. But the
war on the part of the Federal Government
was waged, as we have seen, not to destroy or
overthrow, but to "preserve the States with
all_ their dignity, equality, and rights unim-
paired," and the war was successful. How
preposterous it is for gentlemen to claim, as
the result of successful war on our part, ex-
actly what would have resulted if the South
had been successful on their part.
The war waged by the insurgents in the
South to take their States out of the Union
was a failure, yet gentlemen say these States
are out. The war on our part to keep those
States in the Union was a success, yet gentle-
men say they are out of the Union. That is
saying that the success of the Federal Govern-
ment was its failure ; and the failure of the
southern rebellion was its success. This im-
portant discovery lias been made by the supe-
rior wisdom of the northern rebellion. It was
wholly unknown in the South.
Mr. Speaker, what has been the public sen-
timent of the country on this question? When
the confederate armies all surrendered, and
the war closed, the whole country throughout
the northern States was filled with bonfires,
illuminations, and public rejoicings. Was it
because the war had severed all ties between
the North and the South, and separated eleven
States from the rest? Did the people rejoice
over a dissevered Union? If so, then was the
nation drunk. Instead of demonstrations of
joy there was the deepest cause of sorrow; the
whole country should have been draped in
mourning, while all the bells in the land sounded
the knell of the Union. But no, sir, the peo-
ple were not drunk, they rejoiced in the full
assurance that all the States were saved, the
supremacy of the Constitution maintained, and
the Union preserved.
Mr. Speaker, during the whole period of the
war Congress, by its action, declared the States
of the South were still in the Union. The Con-
stitution provides that—
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within thisUnion according to their respectivo
numbers."
Under that provision of the Constitution
Congress, by law passed during the war, im-
posed direct taxes upon each of the States in
the South as States in the Union. Under the
same clause of the Constitution Congress also
apportioned to each of the States in the South
as well as to those of the North its proper
number of Representatives in Congress. And
in fact nearly every law of a general character
passed during the war extended to and in-
cluded the States of the South as States in
the Union. Members of Congress from Ten-
nessee and Louisiana, representing portions
of those States, were received and acted and
voted in Congress during the war; and at no
period of the war has there been less than
three members of Congress here acting with
us representing the western portion ot Vir-
ginia. Congress has thus, by its recorded ac-
tion, treated, acknowledged, and recognized
those States as States in the Union, and is now
estopped to deny its own record. The action
of the other departments of the Government
has been to the same effect.
The late proclamation of President Johnson
declares the war ended, and those States re-
stored to the constitutional rights, now with-
held from them by Congress. By the procla-
mations of President Lincoln, and of President
Johnson, and indeed by the action generally of
the executive branch of the Government, those
States have been recognized as States in the
Union at all times during and since the war.
The Supreme Court of the United States ordered
that causes brought up from the southern States
should be docketed, regularly called, and tried;
thus, in effect; deciding that those States are
still in the Union. So that at every period of
the war. and by every department of the Gov-
ernment, legislative, executive, and judicial,
there has been the fullest recognition of the
fact that those States are still in the Union.
Mr. Speaker, suppose it to be true, as gen-
tlemen contend, that the eleven States of the
South are out of the Union, what is the conse-
quence? What does it mean? If it be true
that all ties between the North and the South
were broken, that the States of the South "now
are and for four years past have been out of
the Union," a separate and foreign Power,
then the moment that separation took place
the allegiance of the people of those States was
transferred to their own confederate govern-
ment. They could no longer claim protection
from the Government of the United States,
because they did not belong to it, and for the
same reason owed no allegiance to it. They
could claim protection from the confederate
government, they were citizens of it, and there-
fore owed allegiance to it. It follows, there-
fore, that after the separation those called
Union men in the South, who took up arms in
favor of the United States, then a foreign Gov-
ernment to them, were deserters and traitors,
and guilty of treason against the confederate
government, to which alone their allegiance
was due. But for the same reason all in the
South who fought against the United States
and to sustaiit the confederate government,
were heroes and patriots. It follows, more-
over, that during the same period, neither Jef-
ferson Davis, nor any officer or soldier who
fought under him, eould possibly have been
guilty of treason against the Government of
the United States; it was to them a foreign
Government, and they owed no allegiance to
it. Upon these principles, is not the long
incarceration of Jefferson Davis in prison, after
the war is over, an act of cruelty that admits
of no justification?
And again, sir, upon this theory, it follows
that after the separation "and for four years
past,"the war on our part was not to keep the
States of the South in the Union, for they were
already out; but was a war for mere conquest I
an<J subjugation. Who will justify for such a
purpose the millions of treasure expended and'
the rivers of blood that has been shed? And,
sir, was it not a base and criminal fraud for
gentlemen holding such sentiments to induce
thousands of soldiers to join the Army and pour
out their blood to keep States in the Union that
were already out, as such gentlemen knew, or
at least believed? How will such gentlemen
answer to the thousands of bereaved widows
and stricken orphans all over.the land who have
been thus robbed of husbands and fathers?
And will not the blood of slaughtered thou-
sands rise in judgment and call for vengeance
on those who deceived and betrayed them?
Mr. Speaker, the Union was formed by the
Constitution, and so long as it continues the
Union of the States must continue. The Con-
stitution, like a band of iron, encircles, binds,
and holds the States together. It is not possi-
ble for any State to get out of the Union while
the Constitution lasts. If it be true, then, as
gentlemen contend, that the States of the South
are out of the Union, then the Constitution is
overthrown, and the States of the North are
also out of the Union ; the Constitution holds
all or none. If the logic of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania proves South Carolina or Georgia
to be out of the Union, it must of necessity
prove that Pennsylvania is also out of the Union;
and thenitfollows that the Constitution isover-
throvra and the Union dissolved; and this being
the case, Congress has no authority, all its
action is usurpation, an unlawful assembly, and
t8e sooner broken up and dispersed the better.
A11 the consequences I have mentioned, and
more, necessarily result from the assumption
that the States of the South are out of the
Union." The theory of the reconstruction party
means disunion and revolution, and it means
nothing else.
Mr. Speaker, when we discard the pestilent
heresies of northern disunionists, and turn to
the sound constitutional theory held by 1 oyal
men, that, by the successful result of the war
the rebellion in the South has been subdued, the
supremacy of the Constitution maintained, and
the Union with all the constitutional rights of
the States preserved, we find not the shadow
of a legal or constitutional difficulty in the way
of complete restoration, harmony, and peace.
When the rebellion in the South was subdued,
and the insurgents yielded obedience to the
Constitution and laws, then the States were in
law restored to all their constitutional rights in
the Union. And they would have been in fact
restored months ago,.and the whole machinery
of national and State governments moving in
harmony, but for the fact that the northern
rebellion has thrown itself like a lion across
the pathway of restoration, and arrested every
movement in that direction.
Mr. Speaker, if the Constitution and the
Union have been preserved, and the States of
the South are in the Union, as I think has
been fully proved, then it necessarily follows
that the States of the North and of the South
are coequals in regard to all the constitutional
rights of States in the Union. This is a self-
evident proposition, its truth cannot be dis-
puted, because the Constitution knows no dif-
ference, it allows no difference, but places all
the States on the ground of perfect equality.
And for men to attempt to enforce a difference
in regard to the admission of members of Con-
gress, or any other right, is to turn revolu-
tionists and trample under foot the Constitu-
tion they have sworn to support. In view of
the Constitution, what becomes, sir, of all we
have heard in these Halls from week to week
aboutguarantees, guarantees, and bonds to keep
the peace ? The Representatives of part of the
States in the Union, with magisterial air turn-
ing to other States in the Union and demand-
ing guarantees, dictating the terms upon which
they will graciously deign to allow their Rep-
resentatives seats on this floor, assuming to
inquire into the political and moral history of
Representatives sent here by States in the
Union! If the Representative is found loyal
according to their standard, inquire whether
