3214
THE COTOKESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
territorial limits of the State, but Congress
having, as I have already stated, given a na-
tional importance to every branch of this sub-
ject, I hope I will be pardoned for attempting
here a brief response to that inquiry.
The people of Indiana were from the begin-
ning, and still are, as I have no doubt, opposed
to the introduction of negroes into the State
in any great number, in any capacity, and for
any purpose. They resolved at the start that
slavery should not exist within the State. They
also early enacted laws tending to discourage
the immigration of free persons of color into
it. In these early times the public mind was
impressed with the idea that slavery would not,
probably, be a perpetual institution in the
country, and that some provision would ulti-
mately have to be made by many of the States,
if not by the United States Government itself,
for the free people of color, and our State be-
ing a border free State, and liable always to an
influx by that class of people, the future status
of the free people of color within her borders
was from the first a matter in which our peo-
ple felt a most lively interest. They early im-
bibed the idea which seemed to so generally
prevail during the last generation, that a sep-
aration of the races was best for both whites
and blacks, and that both humanity and good
policy demanded that such a separation ought
to be in every suitable way encouraged. They
always protested against having our State made
an asylum for the free blacks of other States,
where they had from any cause become an
undesirable population.
Any policy we might adopt, therefore, which
prevented the people of the slave States south
of us from throwing this class of people upon
ns wo concluded would tend to induce the peo-
ple of these slave States to make provision for
the colonization of their colored people when
any of them might be emancipated from what-
ever cause or whatever motives. We felt, too,
that as wo had not enjoyed any of the direct
benefits of the institution of slavery wc ought not
to be subjected to the burden of providing for
a defenseless population thrown -upon us by
the institution. Only the year before the con-
vention assembled which adopted our present
constitution, an earnest canvass had been made
in our sister and adjoining State of Kentucky
as to the expediency and propriety of abolish-
ing slavery in that State. The discussions in
that canvass at once brought up the question
as to what should be done with the slaves thus
proposed to be emancipated, and engrossed
the closest attention of the people of Indiana.
While the mass of our people were entirely
willing to sec Kentucky inaugurate a system
of emancipation, and very many of them were
anxious for it, we felt that she ought not to
colonize any of her free blacks upon ns, as
had in many individual instances already been
done. To put the matter at rest so far as we
could, and to give notice to all concerned as
to our wishes in regard to these people of color,
we made the provision which I have read in
regard to negroes and mulattoes a part of our
constitution. Our policy as to these people
therefore became a part of the organic law of
our State, and as such still remains in force.
Whatever other motives which may have had
an influence in inducing our people to enter
on this policy of repression and exclusion as
to the negro race, one motive unquestionably
was to endeavor by this means to strengthen
the cause of colonization and that system which
looked to an ultimate separation of the races
in this country. Whether this scheme of sep-
aration and colonization was ever a practica-
ble one I shall not now stop to inquire. Suf-
fice it to say that it was one which received
encouragement from some of the greatest minds
which the country has produced, and which
only a few years since was looked upon with
more or less favor in almost every portion of
the United States. It was to this end that col-
onization societies were formed and that sa
much time and means have been devoted to th*
cause of colonization throughout the country.
But it may be said, Mr. Speaker, that how-
ever desirable it may be in some respects to
separate the races, and however practicable it
may have seemed at one time, recent events
have destroyed all the hopes of success which
may have ever clustered around that idea. I
regret to have to concede that such may be the
case. In the present condition of the public
mind and the present exhausted financial and
physical condition of the country, I grant that
separation and colonization are now practically
out of the question. Some portions of the
country need the labor of the freedmen. Other
portions want their votes and desire them to
remain as a political power. All of our surplus,
means are absorbed by our public debt. The
negro is therefore now, to all appearances, as
permanently domiciled within the United States
as any of us. If he must remain among us,
the great practical question in regard to him
is, what shall be his position in the future, and
as incidental to that, who must determine and
define that position? As I have been endeavor-
ing to show, it is contended on the one side
that the General Government possesses this
power and ought to exercise it. On the other
side, it is insisted that this power rests with the
States respectively, and ought to remain with
them.
Because, however, sir, the condition and fu-
ture prospects of the colored race have been
greatly changed as one of the results of the
civil war from which wo are just emerging,
it does not follow that the colonization scheme
was not a humane and beneficent one. It is
sufficient to say that in times now passed it was
regarded by the people of Indiana as affording
the best solutiou that could be then devised
as to the future disposition of the negro race
on this continent. The earnest and honest
desire which was then entertained by the peo-
ple of Indiana to assist in carrying it out and
to make it a practical success, constitutes a
sufficient defense of their policy in regard to
that race of people. It is not their fault, cer-
tainly, that colonization has failed to accom-
plish what they so much desired of it.
The action of our State in regard to the un-
fortunate colored race, Mr. Speaker, can be
defended, and successfully, too, as I hope to
show, on other grounds than as a colonization
measure merely. I refer now to the inequality
and physical difference between the white and
black races. I have always maintained, and
certainly a very large majority of the people
of Indiana have, heretofore at least, also main-
tained, that in the grand scale of humanity
the negro race is inferior to the white race, and
that anything like social or political equality
between the two races is neither practicable
nor desirable. Our whole system of laws in
relation to the negro, from the first organiza-
tion of the State to the present time, has been
based on that theory. I am aware that in as-
suming this position now I am entering the
regions of controversy, and that a different
theory seems now to prevail in many sections
of the country. I have not time now to go into
this question in all its details, nor to answer
many of the arguments urged with so much
earnestness of late in favor of the equality of
all men without reference to race or color.
That all human beings, however low in the scale
of humanity, have certain rights which ought
not to be, and cannot be with impunity, dis-
regarded, I frankly concede. That the strong
ought not out of mere wantonness to tyrannize
over the weak is equally evident. That the
negro, in his present condition in this country,
is entitled to certain civil rights wherever he
may be lawfully domiciled, is as fully and freely
admitted.
In Indiana all the civil rights of negroes and
mulattoes, lawfully within the State, including
the right to testify as witnesses, are by law
fully recognized. But there is a very broad
distinction between the protection of a person
in his civil rights, his personal and property
rights, and the conferring of political power
upon him. This distinction the laws of In-
diana have always carefully observed, and it
is a distinction which I maintain ought to
be kept steadily in view while legislating in
regard to the negro race on this continent.
This distinction between civil rights and po-
litical rights, this inequality between the races,
was fully considered and discussed in the In-
diana convention which formed our constitu-
tion. One of the leading members of that
convention, (Mr. Loekhart,) afterward a mem-
ber of this House, in discussing the relations
between the two races, and in referring to the
negro race, said:
"If citizens in a full and constitutional sense, why
were they not permitted to participate in its forma-
tion? They certainly were not. The Constitution was
theworkof the white race; the Government for which
it provides, and of which it is the fundamental law, is
in their hands and under their eon trol; and it could not
have been intended to place a. different race of people
in ail things upon terms of equality with themselves.
Indeed, if such had been the desire, its utter imprac-
ticability is too evident to admit of doubt. The two
races, differing as they do in complexion, habits, eon-
formation, and intellectual endowments, could not,
nor ever will, live together upon terms of social or
political equality. A higher than human power has
so ordered it. A greater than human agency must
change the decree."—Debates Indiana Convention,
page 627,
I might give other extracts of like import
showing that this alleged inequality between the
races was a well-recognized fact by leading mem-
bers of the convention, of all parties, and by
an overwhelming majority of that body. But
that I regard as an unnecessary labor here.
Indeed, sir, until a very recent period, this
inequality between the races was regarded as a
recognized and conceded fact by nearly all the
representative men of all parties and of all
sections of the country. Those who insisted
otherwise were but rare exceptions to the gen-
eral rule. It is only a brief period since none
denied more indignantly the charge of favor-
ing the equality of the races than did most of
the leaders of the party now in the majority in
this House. It was treated by many of them
asan insult to be resented by opprobrious words
and burning epithets. In illustration of the
truth of these remarks, I will quote from a
speech made by Mr. Lincoln, late President
of the United States, at Columbus, Ohio, in
September, 1859. On the morning of the day
on which he spoke, on that occasion, one of
the papers of that city charged that, " in de-
bating with Senator Douglas, during the mem-
orable contest of last fall, Mr. Lincoln declared
in favor of negro suffrage, and attempted to.
defend that vile conception against the Little
Giant." In the commencement of his speech,
Mr. Lincoln noticed this charge and com-
plained of it. He said it was a mistake and a
misrepresentation, and, to vindicate himself,
proceeded to read from his previous speeches.
He first read from his celebrated Ottawa speech
of the preceding year, as follows:
"Now, gentlemen, I don'twant to read at any greater
length, but this is the true complexion of all 1 have
ever said in regard to the institution of slavery and
the black race. This is the whole of it, and anything
that argues me into this idea of perfect social and
political equality with the negro is but a specious
and fantastic arrangement of words, by which a man
can prove a horse chestnut to be a chestnut horse."
* * * * " I have no purpose to introduce
political and social equality between the white and
black races. There is a physical difference between
the two which, in my judgment, will probably forbid
their ever living together upon the footing of per-
fect equality, and inasmuch as it becomes a neces-
sity that there must be a. difference, I, as well as Judge
Douglas, am in favor of the race to which I belong
having the superior position."
After insisting that notwithstanding this in-
equality the negro has certain natural rights
of which he ought not to be deprived—a fact
which I have already fully conceded in my
remarks to-day—Mr. Lincoln continues:
" I agree with Judge Douglas, he [the negro] is not
my equal m many respects. Certainly, not in color,
perhaps not m moral or intellectual endowments."
Mr. Lincoln also then quoted from another
speech he had previously made, as follows:
"While I was at the hotel to-day an elderly gen-
tleman called upon me to know whether I wiis really
in iavor of producing perfect equality between the
negroes and white people. While 1 had not proposed
to myself on this occasion to say much on that sub-
ject, yet as the question was asked me, I thought I
