230
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
sion for the Federal Government to exert its
power and to construct another road across the
intervening State, in order to meet the public
wants. But if the State itself shall build two
•or more roads over its territory, connecting
with adjacent States, and especially if the State
itself shall inhibit the use of either or any one of
these roads to all passengers and freight from
one State to another, Congress may establish
'iither or all of them as post roads, 01* as mili-
tary roads; or, if the interests of commerce
shall require it, Congress may declare them to
be lawful structures for the carrying on of trade
and commerce among the several States, any
inhibition or restriction of the State Legislature
to the contrary notwithstanding.
In the more recent case of the Wheelingbridge
the general doctrine for which we are contend-
ing was recognized and reaffirmed by the Su-
preme Court of the United States. The bridge
over the Ohio river at Wheeling, Virginia, was
complained of by Pennsylvania as an obstruc-
tion to the navigation of the river. This com-
plaint was brought before the court, which,
upon full hearing and examination, adjudged
the bridge an obstruction to the navigation of
the river, and issued an order upon the bridge
company to abate the nuisance by elevating the
bridge or removing it altogether. The action
of Congress was subsequently invoked upon
this subject, and Congress, by virtue of its
power "to regulate commerce among the sev-
eral States," and to establish post roads,
passed an act declaring the bridge to be a law-
ful structure and post road, '' anything in any
law or laws of the United States to the con-
trary notwithstanding." The Supreme Court
of the United States sustained this action of
Congress, and dismissed an application for pro-
cess against the bridge company to compel it to
comply with the previous order of the court to
elevate or remove the bridge.
The court in this case fully recognized the
power of Congress to interpose in this, and in
all like cases, when the general interests of com-
merce are impaired or restricted by local State
legislation; and while the court concedes the
right of State sovereignty, within its own limits,
and by its own acts of legislation, to impose
such restrictions as it may deem proper upon its
own citizens, in the use of its own territory, it
also holds all such legislation subject and sub-
ordinate to the power of Congress to '' regulate
commerce among the several States," and that
when Congress exercises that power the State
laws must give way. Congress, 111 the exercise
of its paramount power in this ease, declared
the bridge a lawful structure, though admitted
to be an obstruction, more or less, to the navi-
gation of the river; a river, too, which by com-
pact between Virginia and Kentucky, and with
the as°ent of Congress, at the time of the ad-
mission of Kentucky into the Union, was to lie
forever open to commerce to the use of all the
citizens of the United States. Congress, in the
exercise of its discretion, declared the bridge a
lawful structure, 011 the ground that the general
interests of commerce would suffer more from
the removal and want of the bridge than from
its obstruction to the navigation of the river.
Hence Congress declared that the bridge should
be continued—for that was the effect of the act—
for the reason that the greater interests of com-
merce required its continuance, notwithstand-
ing its admitted degree of obstruction to the
navigation of the river.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
will permit me to suggest that I think he mis-
takes the decision in that case ; and I rise merely
for the purpose of correcting what 1 suppose to
be the error into which he has fallen.
Mr. FOOT. I shall be very happy to be cor-
rected if I am wrong. I am very liable, per-
haps, to fall into error on such points.
Mr. JOHNSON. Not so much as I am.
However, T am not so liable in this instance, as
T argued the case to which the honorable mem-
ber refers. The bridge was built under a law
of Virginia incorporating a company for the
purpose of building it. The law provided that
it should be so built as not to interfere with the
navigation of the Ohio river. After it was built,
after it had been a structure forsometime, there
were some five or six vessels built at Pittsburg,
for the purpose of trading between Pittsburg
and points lower down the river, with chimneys
so elevated that at certain stages of the water
it was impossible for them to pass the bridge,
or, at any rate, to pass the bridge without haz-
ard of injury. The Supreme Court, by a ma-
jority, decided that the court had jurisdiction
to ascertain whether the bridge itself was an
obstruction to the navigation of the river with-
out any particular legislation on the part of
Congress. The minority of the court, consist-
ing of three, I think, held that before the courts
of the United States could possess jurisdiction
there ought to be legislation upon the part of
Congress, giving the courts authority in a case
of that description.
The court therefore decided that the bridge
was either to come down, or to be elevated to
such a height as the court itself prescribed, or
if the obstruction could be practically removed
by a draw in the bridge over the ''western
branch," which when the water was high af-
forded easy navigation, and therefore should not
make it necessary for the vessels to pass under
the bridge, that such a draw should be con-
structed. Then Congress passed the act to
which my friend now refers declaring the bridge
to be a post route, and deciding that it was of a
sufficient height. The majority of the court held
that Congress, under the authority to regulate
commerce between the States, as the bridge, in
the absence of legislation, interfered with the
freedom of commerce, interfered with the nav-
igation of the river, (which they considered as
included within the power to regulate com-
merce,) had a right to prescribe for itself what
should not be an impediment to navigation.
But if the honorable member will look at that
decision as given by Sir. Justice Nelson, I think
he will find that they disavowed expressly the
authority of Congress to bridge at all. They
considered a road as between the States as in-
trusted entirely to the jurisdiction of the States.
All that they maintained was that if the States
in the exercise of that jurisdiction construct a
bridge which interferes with the navigation of
a navigable river, then Congress can interfere,
either by deciding that it is not to be consid-
ered in the particular instance an interference
with the navigation, or by authorizing the courts
to abate it-
Mr. FOOT. I presume the honorable Sen-
ator is correct in his statement of the case, and
I say here that [ shall take an early occasion to
renew my reading of that case, and if 1 find
myself in error in any particular of my argu-
ment I shall very cheerfully make the modifi-
cation. But enough on that point.
Mr. President, this bill, in a former debate,
has been assailed and denounced as an infringe-
ment, a contemplated assault, upon the rights
of sovereign States, and of New Jersey in par-
ticular. Nothing of this kind, in purpose or in
effect, belongs to the bill. So far from encroach-
ing upon the rights of a sovereign State, it. is a
proposition to intervene in behalf of, and for
the protection of, the sovereign rights of all the
citizens of all the States from infringement or
restriction by any single State. It is strictly an
alleviative and not an aggressive measure. It
is only the exercise of a power which the States
themselves voluntarily and unanimously vested
in^tlie Federal Government, and for the very
purpose of protecting the people of other States
from the imposition of commercial restrictions,
and from commercial blockade, if you please,
by the action of any one of the States.
New Jersey has 110 cause of complaint at the
exercise of this power 011 the part of Congress. j
She was not only the first of the States of the
old Confederation to urge the surrender of this
power in the States to the Federal Government,
but in her charter to the Camden and Amboy
Company this power in the Federal Congress is
recognized by both parties—the State and the
corporation. By the original charter, in con-
sideration of the exclusive privilege of carrying
all passengers and freight between New York j
and Philadelphia, it was provided that the com-
pany should pay to'the State ten cents per cap-
ita on all passengers, and fifteen cents per ton
on all freight and merchandise transported over
the road between those two points. Call it a
bonus for the privilege, or a tax upon the fran-
chise—call it what you please ; it is. in effect,
a levy of tribute upon the people—upon all pas-
sengers and freight—from without the State to
that extent. By a supplemental act in 1854, this
fixed percentage on freight, and passengers was
commuted by the transfer to the State of an
agreed number of shares of the capital stock of
the company. The sixth section of the supple-
mental act contains this condition :
"That when any other railroad or roadsfor the trans-
portation of passengers and property between New
York and Philadelphia, across this State, shall be
constructed and used foi that purpose, under or by
virtue of any law of this State or the United States
authorizing or recognizing said road, that then, and
in that ease, the said dividends shall no longer be
payable to the State, and the said stock shall be re-
transferred to the company by the treasurer of this
State."
Here is an express recognition of the author-
ity of the Federal Government, and of the prob-
able exercise of that authority, to build another
railroad between New York and Philadelphia;
or to authorize any other railroad which might
be constructed under the authority of that State
to carry passengers and freight between those
cities—just what, this bill authorizes, and nothing
more.
New Jersey, it has been well remarked, oc-
cupies a peculiar and most important geograph-
ical position in reference to this question of com-
mercial intercourse among the States, situated
as it is directly and for the whole distance be-
tween the two largest commercial cities and most
populous cities on the American continent; lo-
cated, as it were, directly across the great path-
way of travel and trade and commerce between
the North and the South on the Atlantic side,
and over whose territory there annually pass
probably more travel and trade than over any
other equal extentof space in the whole country.
The citizens of New York and Philadelphia,
of Boston and of Baltimore ; of the States of
New England and New York; of Pennsylvania
and Maryland ; and of the States of the West,
too, are most deeply and directly interested in
having whatever existing means of transit for
trade and travel across the territory of New
Jersey there may be unrestricted by any pro-
hibition of their use, or, what is the same thing,
by any exclusive grant to one line of commu-
nication over another. Let all the public ave-
nues of trade and commerce be open and com-
mon to all the people of the country. This
is their right, their constitutional right—their
right of transit over the highways or the rail-
ways, no less than over the rivers and the nav-
igable waters of any State, paving a reason-
able compensation therefor. Both are alike
open and common to all the citizens of the Uni-
ted States under that provision of the Consti-
tution which declares that the '! citizens of each
State shall be entitled to all privileges and im-
munities of citizens in the several States." I
repeat it, Mr. President, it is not within the
province of any State, it is not within the pre-
rogative of any State, either directly or indi-
rectly, either by positive prohibition to one
road or by special privilege to another, to in-
hibit, or restrict the right of transit of citizens
of other States, or their merchandise, over any
one of its roads over which they may choose
to pass, any more than it can inhibit their right
of transit over any one of its navigable rivers,
or any more than it can inhibit their right to
purchase and hold real estate within its territory.
These are all rights common to all the citi-
zens of the United States, common to all the
citizens of a common country, common to all
the citizens of our common Government. Nor
may a State any more inhibit the use of all but
one of several roads over its territory to the
citizens of other States than it may prohibit
altogether and absolutely the use of any and of
all its public roads for travel and trade, espe-
cially so, if the general interests of commerce
are at all impeded or impaired by such limita-
