1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3215
would occupy, perhaps, five minutes in saying some-
thing in regard to it. 1 will say, then, that 1 am not
nor ever liave been in favor of bringing about in
anyway the social and political equality of thewhite
and black races; tb.it I am not or ever have been in
favor of making voters or jurors of negioes, nor of
qualii'i iug them to hold ollice or intermarry with
the white people; and I will say in addition to this,
that there is a physical difference between the white
and black races, which I believe will forever forbid
the two races living together on terms of social and
Iiolitical equality. And inasmuch as they cannot so
live while they do remain together, there must be
the position of superior and inferior, and I, as much
as any other man, am in favor of having the supe-
rior position assigned to the white race."
After reasserting his belief that there were
certain rights, however, that ought not to be
denied to the colored man, and at'terindulging
in some pleasantries at the expense of Judge
Douglas, Mr. Lincoln, on that occasion, fur-
ther proceeded to say:
"There, my friends, you have briefly what I have,
on former occasions, said upon the subject to which
this newspaper, to the extent of its ability, has drawn
the public attention. In it you not only perceive,as
a probability, that in that contest X did not at any
time say I was in favor of negro sulTuige, but the
absolute proof that twice—once substantially and
once express!)—Ideclaredagainst.it. Ilavingshown
you this, there remains but a word of comment upon
that newMUper article. It is thi*: that I presume
the editor of that paper is an honest and truth-
loving man, and that he will be greatly obliged to
mo tor furnishing him thus early an oppoitunity to
correct the misrepresentation he has made, betore it
has run so long that malicious people can call him
a liar."
Mr. Lincoln's name will go down to pos-
terity as the great emancipator and friend of
the African race, and I quote him therefore
as a representative man of his class and of his
times. And while I was, during his eventful
life, especially the last years of it, unable to
agree witli him in many things, I am gratified
with the opportunity of saying that in his views
thus expressed, as to the differences between
the races, and as to the impracticability of
their living together or terms of equality, I fully
and heartily concur with him.
Mexico, sir, is a living example of the folly
of trying to commingle essentially different
races of people together upon terms of equal-
ity. I do not claim that all the troubles of
that unfortunate country result from that cause
alone, but I am quite sure it is one of the great
disturbing causes, which will not, and I fear
cannot, be easily removed.
Many colored men, it is true, have given evi-
dence of superior talents, and some of them
have risen to a comparative degree of eminence.
But they are the exceptions, not thf rule. An
admixture of white blood is discernible in most
of those who have in any laudable way distin-
guished themselves. As a class 1 have failed
to see in them any of those high traits of char-
acter which indicate them as lit to become a
governing race anywhere. So far as we know,
the African race had as fair a chance in the
earlier ages of the world for improvement in
the arts and sciences and for advancement in
civilization as did the white race. If wo arc
all the children of Adam, they certainly had:
and yet what have they of themselves accom-
plished? What progress they have made has
resulted from their having been, against their
will, brought into contact with white people.
It is true that they have recently obtained
their freedom, and are now in a condition to
demonstrate butter than ever before to what
extent, they are capable of accomplishing great
results.
But. sir, they did not. win their freedom, and
had but little agency in shaping the events
which conferred it upon them. It came to
them as one of the results of and as incident
to a great civil war in which white men con-
tended for power, and in which colored men
played but a subordinate part. It came to them
on the demand of white men who wielded the
power of the Government, first as a measure
of war, and afterward as a condition of peace.
As the war progressed, many of them under
the great inducements held out for their en-
couragement. did from time to time enter the
ranks of the Union Army and rendered such
assistance as they were capable of affording.
Others of them, however, adhered to the cause
of their late masters to the last, and I think I
am justified in saying that, whatever their sym-
pathies as a class may have been, a majority
of them either adhered from first to last to the
rebellion or aided and assisted by their labor
or otherwise those who did so adhere. One
of the most remarkable developments of the
late war in connection with this race of people
was the fidelity and personal devotion to their
late masters, exhibited by a great proportion
of them in the seceding States when the strong-
est inducements to freedom were held out to
them by the Federal Government. The teach-
ings of history, sir, are in vain if white men
would have so acted under similar circum-
stances. I think, therefore, Mr. Lincoln has
been amply sustained by this circumstance
alone in saying that there is a physical differ-
ence between the two races; that there is a
difference in their moral and intellectual en-
dowments. And, when I hear it asserted with
so much confidence by gentlemen on the other
side, that the colored people of the South con-
stitute a unitedly loyal clement, I confess I am
unable to understand upon what authority the
assertion is made. 1 am inclined to think, sir,
it is one of those poetic licenses that visionary
men are too apt to indulge in when treating of
solid realities.
Now, sir, 1 have attempted to show, and I
shall assume for the purposes of my argument
that I have shown it, that there is an inequal-
ity between the two races, physical and intel-
lectual; the white man occupying the superior
and the colored man the inferior position. I
have also shown, and before I conclude will
attempt further to show, that this difference was
recognized and acted upon when our matchless
Government was instituted, and that it has been
observed and perpetuated, in a greater or loss
degree, by every department of the Govern-
ment to the present time. In view, then, of
these facts, in view of this anomalous and in-
ferior condition of the colored race in this
country, it is no matter of surprise that ne-
groes in any considerable numbers, especially
in States where their labor is not needed,
should be regarded as an undesirable popula-
tion. In Indiana the kind of labor to which
these people are peculiarly adapted was no-
where needed when her policy in regard to
t.hem was adopted. Even yet there is no spe-
cial demand for that kind of labor. Our cli-
mate is unsuited to them as a race. There
was room, and to spare, for them elsewhere
under a more genial sun, and where their labor
was, and perhaps always may be, needed. '
Was it strange, then, thai oui people should
desire to provide against an increase of this
population, and should he anxious, even, at the
same time to devise some humane plan to in-
duce those already among us to emigrate? It
was to accomplish these results that the pro-
vision in our constitution in relation to negroes
and mulattoes was inserted. To refuse a
negro the right of immigration into the State
can at best, under the circumstances of his
position, be no more than an inconvenience
to him. To receive him into the State might
be much more than an inconvenience to its
people. Neither was there then, nor is there
now, any inhumanity in holding out pecuniary
inducements to those already in the State to
emigrate, and this is all that the provision in
relation to colonization amounts to. On the
score of policy, therefore, I announce it as my
deliberate conviction that the people of Indi-
ana were justified in the course they saw fit to
pursue in regard to the colored race.
I now proceed, Mr. Speaker, to discuss an-
other question which at once presents itself in
connection with what I have already said, and
one of more practical and general importance
to all the States than anything I have yet
offered, and that is as to the effect of the re-
cent action of Congress in passing the so-called
civil rights bill on State laws and State regu-
lations imposing disabilities on its negro pop-
ulation.
The first and second sections of the act of
Congress to which I refer read as follows :
" Be it enacted bu the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America m Congress
assembled. That all persons born in the United States
and not subject to any foreign Power, excluding In-
dians not taxed, arc hereby declared to be citizens
ol the United States; and such citizens, of every race
and color, without regard to any previous condition
of slavery or involuntary servitude, except as aspun-
ishment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, shall have the same light, in every
State and Territory in the United States, to make and
enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and give evi-
dence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell, hold, and con-
vey real and personal property, and to full and equal
benefit of laws and proceedings l'or the security of
person and property as is enjoyed by white citizens,
and shall be subject to like punishment, pains, and
penalties, and to none other, any law, statute, ordi-
nance, regulation, or custom, to the contrary not-
withstanding.
"Sec, 2. And be it fwther enacted. That any per-
son who, under color of any law, statute, ordinance,
regulation, or custom, shall subject, or cause to be
subjected, any inhabitant of any State or Territory
to the deprivation of any right secured or protected
by this act, or to different punishment, pains, orpen-
alties on account of such person having at any time
been held in a condition of slavery or_involuntary
servitude, except as apunishment lor crime whereof
the party shall have been duly convicted, or by reason
of his color or race, than is prescribed for the pun-
ishment of white persons, shall be deemed guilty of
a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall be punished
by line not exceeding $1,OUO, or imprisonment not
exceeding one year, or both, in the discretion of the
court."
The language employed leaves no doubt,
sir, as to the intention of Congress in enacting
this law. If Congress possesses the constitu-
tional power (o enact such a law, then all per-
sons born in the United States, and not sub-
ject to any foreign Power, except Indians not
taxed, of whatever race or color, are citizens
of the United States, and entitled to full pro-
tection as such. And all State constitutions
and State laws making any discrimination
against negroes, mulattoes, Indians who pay
taxes, Chinamen, or Gypsies, on account of
their color or race, are null and void; and
any State judge or other State officer who shall
attempt to enforce the law' of any State mak-
ing such discrimination is liable to "be pun-
ished by fine not exceeding $1,000 or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the
discretion of the court." Take the case of
the State of Indiana as an instance. As I
have shown, any negro or mulatto who may
come into the State since the 1st day of No-
vember, A. D. 1851, is liable to a fine; and
all contracts made within the State with such
negro or mulatto are void under the consti-
tution and laws of that State. Such negro or
mulatto thus coming into the State in viola-
tion of its laws is not a competent witness to
testify against white persons under the State
law. Yet if this law of Congress shall be held
valid, then if any judge of any of the State
courts in that State shall assess a fine against
any negro or mulatto for coming into the
State in violation of its laws, or shall refuse
to permit anv such negro or mulatto to testify
against a white person in any ease, then such
judge is liable to be indicted for thus acting
in one of the Federal courts at Indianapolis,
to be taken to that city for trial, and to be pun-
ished under this law of Congress. Every other
officer of the court who may assist the judge in
thus enforcing the State law is liable to be pun-
ished in the same way, astounding as it may
seem.
Has Congress, then, the constitutional power
to enact such a law? The people of every
State in this Union are interested, either di-
rectly or indirectly, in the answer to this ques-
tion. The people of those States in which
there is any discrimination against negroes or
mulattoes are especially interested in it. To
every judge and officer of any court in Indi-
ana it is a most, important question, because
until it is judicially settled either the one way
or the other such judge or other officer of his
court cannot know what liis duty is in such a
dilemma.
I have no hesitation in announcing it as my
opinion. Mr. Speaker, that Congress does not
possess the power it has attempted to exercise
