4178
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
dollars; and this amendment is to raise his
salary to $3,500, the same as the assistant re-
ceives. The duties incumbent on those offi-
cers are very onerous.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The inercase should
bemade to commence "from and after the 80th
day of /Tune, 1866."
Mr. CRESWELL. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary reported in favor of a similar prop-
osition to this, which was inserted in a bill that
was passed by the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume it is all right,
but I wish to put it in a shape in which it will
be intelligible.
Mr. CRESWELL. Very well; I will mod-
ify my amendment so as to make it read:
The compensation of the deputy solicitor of the
Court of Claims, shall bo, from and after June 30,
18(56, $3,500, payable quarterly out of any money in
the Treasuiy not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision in the
bill refers to the " assistant solicitor." Are
you sure which one it is?
Mr. OliESWELL. The eighty-fourth line
refers to the deputy solicitor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I know; but the rest
of the provision speaks of the assistant. "Which
is it?
Mr. CRESWELL. It is the deputy.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The assistant solicitor
now receives $yi,500.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then you have got it
right.
The amendment was agreed'to.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer the following amend-
ment to eomc in as a now section;
And be itfuither ciwctwl. That There plmtl be paid
to the sever:)! dorks of tho State ])ep;irtmont twenty
per cent, of thecompensiition now allowed to each, to
commence lVom the 301 h of June, 186S, and to con-
tinue until repealed by Congress; and a sum sufli-
cient lor this purpose is hereby appropriated out of
any moneys in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated.
Mr. President, I observe on page 1 of this
bill that there is an appropriation for an addi-
tional twenty per cent, compensation to the
messenger of the Court of Claims. There is
one instance. Then on page 9 there is an ap-
propriation for increased compensation of the
chief justice and associate justices of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia.
ilr. FESSENDEN. That is to meet an
existing law. We have to pay thern tho sala-
ries provided for by law. '
Mr. SUMNER. 1 understand that; but
there has been a law giving an increased com-
pensation in that case. Thou again on page
12 we have a provision "for salaries of ad-
ditional clerks and additional compensation
of officers and clerks in the Treasury, &c.,
$10,000." I will say nothing now in behalf
of the proposition that 1 have sent to the Chair.
It was so thoroughly discussed yesterday and
two days ago, when iirst introduced, that I be-
lieve the Senate fully understand it. I hope,
however, that they will not now hesitate to
adopt it.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that last pro-
vision you referred to ? Where do you find it?
Mr. SUA1NER. On page 12, from line seven
to line eleven.
Mr. JOHNSON'. It has been my fortune to
be in tho District for the last eight or ten years
and to be very familiar with the officers of the
State Department particularly. Jt has been
rendered necessary by professional as well as
public business. I do not think that there are
more competent clerks to be found anywhere.
Many of them are men of very distinguished
capacitj'. I have always been surprised that
men of that standing, intellectually and mor-
ally, would remain in the office for the salaries
they get. They arc barely able to live at all
by the strictest economy. I hope, therefore,
that the Senate will adopt the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN". I sincerely hope that
this amendment will not be adopted. If we
begin with the Departments, we have got to
go through with them. The Senator from Wis-
consin [Mr. Doolittle] has given notice that
he shall move as an amendment the bill for the
reorganization of the Interior Department.
The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson]
will move the twenty per cent, additional, or
something similar to it, for the reorganization
of the War Department. Now, if you begin
that kind of legislation on this bill for the De-
partments, the Senate ean see where it will go.
I should think they had experience enough of
such legislation on the miscellaneous appropri-
ation bill, which we havo just passed, not to be
very desirous of entering into it again. If we
do enter upon it, it is impossible to foresee
when we shall get through or where it will
end.
Now, sir, we have no statement from any-
body of what the classification of these clerks
is, what salaries they now receive, what du-
ties they perform, or anything about it. We
have simply the statement of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee of Foreign Relations, that they
are a very accomplished set of gentlemen and
render good service. When the question is put
what each one in detail receives lie is not pre-
pared to say.
Mr. SUMNER. Oh, yes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not heard any
statement, at any rate. We do not know what
the rates of salaries paid there are. It has
not been communicated to the Senate. Before
the Senate act on this question we ought to
know what the number of clerks is and what
they severally receive. The objection, how-
ever, which I have to it is to legislating for the
Departments in this way. In some of the De-
partments I know that the large body of the
clerks receive as much as they ought to receive.
Take the Treasury Department, for instance.
The only use of the additional appropriation
made there, as I have often explained, is to
enable tho Secretary of the Treasury to keep
the higher class of clerks that he could not
keep without it. We have given no twenty per
cent, to the lower class of clerks; we have
given no twenty per cent, to the clerks in the
War Department; we have given no twenty
per cent, to the clerks in the Interior Depart-
ment; we do not propose to do it; and yet
the State Department is singled out on account
of the labors there, which certainly, to say the
least or most of it, cannot exceed tho labors
that have been performed in the War Depart-,
mcnt and in the other Departments for the last
four years. Tho State Department has had,
comparatively, a very easy time of it, and
always has an easy time of it. If they are so
superior to the clerks in the other Departments
and have those interesting duties to perform,
which are so gratifying to gentlemen of taste
and scholarship, &c., it is all for their ad-
vantage, and 1 should not think it was wise
to give them tho additional advantage of put-
ting upon them an increase in this way which
you do not propose to give to the clerks in the
other Departments. At all events, I am ex-
ceedingly anxious that we should not begin
that kind of legislation for the Departments,
at least upon this bill, for there is no knowing
where it will end, or when we shall get through
with the bill if we attempt it.
Mr. SUMNER. We have begun this kind
of legislation, in the first place, for ourselves,
and we havo begun it, in the second place, for
the servants and employes of the Senate. I
think, having done that, our mouths are closed.
We have got to go forward and meet every ease
on the principles of justice.
Now, sir, in bringing forward the proposition
that I have, I do not intend, by suggestion or
implication, to intimate anything against any
similar proposition with reference to any other
Department. I have brought forward this
proposition because the subject was specially
referred to the committee with which I am con-
nected on a petition from the clerks of this De-
partment. That petition was presented now
many months ago. It has been considered more
than (Mice in the committee, and I was in-
structed to make the motion which I have now
made. That explains my position in this mat-
ter. I have had before me no petition from
any other Department. 1 am not instructed
by the committee which I represent here to
speak for any other Department. I move what
I have moved according to the instructions
which I have received, and the evidence be-
fore that committee. That is the reason why
I confine my motion to the State Department.
But the Senator from Maine says that he has
no information with regard to the compensation
of these clerks. Why, sir, he knows very well
what the compensation of clerks is. It is the
compensation of the clerks in the otherDepart-
ments. There are the fourth-class clerks who
receive $1,800, the third-class clerks who re-
ceive $1,000, the second class who receive
$1,400, and the first class who receive $1,200.
There are no heads of bureaus in the State
Department, and I wish to call the attention of
the Senate to that. I mentioned it last night.
In the other Departments there are, and these
heads of bureaus, I need not remind you, re-
ceive $3,000, $4,000, $5,000, and there is one
at least who receives $6,000. Now, there are
very important services rendered by certain
clerks in the State Department—services com-
parable to those of heads of bureaus which, in
any other Department, would be performed by
the head of a bureau.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will ask the Senator
why he has not done like the other committees
having charge of other Departments—brought
in a bill to reorganize the State Department?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator puts me an-
other question, why I have not brought in a bill
to reorganize the State Department? I alluded
tho other day, or last night, I forget which,
somewhat to the history of the State Depart-
ment in that connection. The idea is not a
new one to reorganize it. It was a favorite one
of Mr. Webster. He did propose at one time
to reorganize it and commenced a work to that
end, but he never completely carried out his
idea, and the State Department has gone on now
for a generation without any change or modi-
fication or open attempt at reorganization. I
think it ought to be reorganized, but the meas-
ure that I propose is not as radical as that which
the Senator from Maine invites. If I should
propose a reorganization, involving as it would
the payment of some considerable salaries,
$3,000, $4,000, or $5,000 to certain persons,
I should expect to encounter his most fervid
opposition. I make no such proposition. I
simply ask the Senate to add twenty per cent,
to the compensation that those faithful servants
now receive. In adding that twenty per cent,
you simply follow the precedent you have set
with regard to your employes in this Chamber
and also with regard to other employes else-
where. I do not see how you can resist the
precedent. I do not see how you can untie
your hands. You have tied your hands upon
this question. When you voted what you did
for your own employes, when you voted still
more what you did for yourselves, you incapa-
citated yourselves from denying this addition
of twenty per cent, to those faithful servants.
On another occasion I went at very consid-
erable length—f think the Senator from Maine
was not here; I do not know that 1 said any-
thing, of course, that he would value—but I
went at some length into some of tho consid-
erations why these clerks should receive an
additional compensation. I set forth tho work
they were called to perform, and how immensely
that work had increased during the last five or
six years. I had in my hand at the time the
statistics on the subject, which Senators will
remember I read. I called attention then to
the increase of prices in provisions and in
everything else to which they were subjected,
without any increase of compensation, and I
think I referred to some of them as being so
situated, having large families, that they were
actually pinched by poverty and hardly able to
get along. I know among them some cases
that do appeal most powerfully to one's sym-
pathies ; and therefore I speak now, not only
from my sense of justice to them, believing
that they do deserve this increase, but I speak
