2256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 28,
thousands of widows and orphans that fill and
sadden the land; passing by all this, let us
pause and consider for a moment what abo-
litionism has done for the black race. Pour
million slaves, by nature far inferior to the
white race, never accustomed to think or pro-
vide for themselves, depending wholly on their
masters for homes, support, and protection, a
large portion of them aged and infirm men and
women and helpless children; all of them are
suddenly robbed of food, clothing, home, and
protection, and turned out naked, homeless,
and penniless to struggle for existence as best
they can with a superior and highly cultivated
white race. _ As must have been foreseen
by all but blind fanatics, already many thou-
sands of them have perished and died from
disease, exposure, cold, and hunger. Thou-
sands more all over the country are now per-
ishing, starving, and dying. Even here in this
city, the voice of suffering and hunger appeals
to us from all the abolition pens, where hun-
dreds of them are huddled together in rags and
• fifth, perishing and starving. Only a few days
ago you appropriated $25,000 to save from
starvation, a few days longer, the miserable
inmates of these abolition pens in this city.
And you call those wretched victims'of your
policy "freedmen." Andtheactby which you
placed them in this condition, you call "eman-
cipation." But "the iron pen of history will
record it as the most monstrous act of cruelty
that ever darkened the annals of any of the
nations of the earth." Sir, the country begins
to see now that abolitionism and not the Con-
stitution is indeed "a covenant with death"
to the negro.
Not content with the ruin they have wrought,
these pestilent agitators seize on the fact that
slavery is abolished, and make that the basis
of a new conflict. They arc now everywhere
striking for negro equality, warring against the
laws of nature, seeking to blot out all distinc-
tions, and crush down the white race to politi-
cal and social equality with the blacks ; all for
the purpose of gaining a new lecruit of negro
voters to aid them ill ruling and governing the
white people in the South and border States.
The natural tendency of this movement will be
to engender a bitterness of feeling and burning
antagonism between the whites and blacks that
may break out in a war of races, resulting in
the extermination of the whole remnant of the
negro race in this country. But taking for their
motto '' Better roign in hell than serve in hea-
ven," these mad, restless spirits rush, on to
another conflict, reckless of all consequences,
determined to rule or ruin. Sir, the country
will see after awhile, begins to seo now, that
abolitionism, uot slavery, was the " sum of all
villainies;" and the poor deluded negro will
find too late that his master was his best and
kindest friend, and the abolitionist his worst
and most cruel enemy.
Mr. Speaker, the rebellion in the South can
plead in extenuation much provocation long
and patiently borne, but the northern rebel-
lion can urge no such plea, Radicalism in
the North was the source and origin of all the
terrible convulsions and bloody honors this
country has suffered. The South, with all its
errors, made no aggressions on the rights of
the North. It never intermeddled with, nor
sought to control, the domestic institutions of
the States in the North. The South claimed
only to exercise that control over its own do-
mestic affairs it freely conceded to the North,
and which was secured to,both by a common
Constitution. But the radicals of the North,
without the hope of benefiting that section,
and with no temptation save the gratification
of a fallen, depraved, and malignant spirit,
denounced the Constitution as "a league with
death and a covenant with hell," and made
lawless and unprovoked aggressions from year
to year on the constitutional rights of the
South. This led to the formation of two bit-
ter sectional parties, one in the A'orth and one
in the South. And, as foretold by the Father
of his Country, these sectional parties soon
brought on a horrid conflict that reddened the
land with kindred blood, and blasted the coun-
try with desolation, as if smitten by the light-
nings of heaven.
"By their fruits you shall know them."
Radicalism in the North sowed and cultivated
the seed, and the fruit was a harvest of blood.
To conceal its horrid visage, radicalism put on
the robe of philanthropy, and four millions of
the black race are robbed of home and pro-
tection, and doomed to extermination, while
the whole race of free white laborers through-
out the whole country are sold into the galling
slavery of taxation, cut off even from the hope
that their children after them will be emanci-
pated. Thus has the sun-dial of prosperity and
happiness of this great country been set back
half a century. And now, sir, the same party,
under anothername, and with the cry of liberty
on its tongue, is earnestly striving to subvert
the foundations of republican government,
laboring to centralize, consolidate, and build
up a frightful Federal despotism, under whose
dark and deadly shadow self-government and
all State rights would utterly sink and perish.
Sir, the people have been too long deceived
by the hypocritical professions and fair names
assumed by the northern disunionists. They
should remember that under the mask of the
best names the worst crimes have been com-
mitted. In the name of " liberty and equality"
France was deluged in blood, while all law and
all liberty lay prostrate beneath the iron tread
of tyranny. And in other days, in the outraged
name of religion, martyr fires were kindled,
and men " of whom the world was not worthy "
consumed at the stake.
Sir, the times are alarming. The horizon is
full of dark and ominous clouds. Let the true
friends of the country, of every name, unite
with the Democratic hosts of the North, rally
around and sustain the President in his patri-
otic and noble stand for the liberty of the peo-
ple ; and the northern rebellion will be crushed
and subdued, ourblood-boughtheritageof con-
stitutional liberty wrested from its deadly grasp,
and the Constitution with the Union restored
and preserved.
TUB NATION AND ITS LABOR.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, in rising
to discuss the duty the Government owes to
the Labor of the country, I do not wish to be
understood as seeking to avoid the consider-
ation of other duties that devolve upon this
Congress, in connection with the restoration of
the national authority over the lately rebellious
States. These latter are of the highest mag-
nitude. None higher have ever devolved upon
any body of legislators; and none of equal
importance have rested upon an American Con-
gress since the close of the session of the body
which placed the Government in operation.
The patience and patriotism, the wisdom and
prudence, the skill and courage of those fathers
of the Republic have been vindicated in the
growth, glory, and strength of the nation. An
equal meed ofpraise will be ours if, like them,
we do our duty faithfully, wisely, and well.
( To this end we want not haste. On the
other hand, cautious watchfulness should pre-
cede every step. Wo want not rashness. On
the other hand, the most thorough self-posses-
sion should guaranty the soundness of every
link of policy. We want not cowardice. On
the other hand, a manly courage should impel
us to see our dangers and should nerve us to
meet and surmount them. On these points I
have very few theories. I do not distract my-
self over the many perplexing suggestions
which this great debate has elicited on every
hand. To me it is comparatively unimportant
which line of argument may ultimately be es-
tablished._ I content myself with knowing that
the rebellion has been triumphantly suppressed,
chat the flag of the Union has been vindicated,
and that the nation is not to be severed. I
know, further, that it is a duty we owe both to
the dead and the living to require from those
whom we have overcome on the bloody fields
of battle some guarantees for the future. If wo
do not demand indemnity for the past we must
have security for the future. Those lately in
rebellion are now clamorous to become again
a part of the governing power of the nation; to
help mold our policy; to help enact our laws.
Five years since they scornfully abdicated the
seats they held in these high places, and in-
sulted us who remained true to our allegiance
with declarations of a purpose never again
to share with us in a common Government.
They left of their own will and against ours.
They must return in accordance with our will
and upon our terms. The victory won by our
brave soldiers and sailors must bear its fruits,
and the vanquished must relinquish all the
causes of the war. They must riot only aban-
don slavery, but the principle of slavery, and
must secure the rights of freemen to all the
freedmen within their borders. This is the
natural and inevitable result of the war, and
from it there is no escape. They must repu-
diate the rebel debt, renounce the claimed right
of secession, and be willing to accept as the
true theory of our Constitution that which the
war has settled in conformity with the purposes
of its framers. They must cultivate a spirit
of loyalty to the Union, and prove it by their
works. To do less is but to mock the nation's
heroes who fought and died for us.
This much I am prepared to require, and I
know in doing so I will be. carrying out the
views of the constituency who sent me here,
and who in disaster and danger never wearied
of showing how tenderly their hearts and how
closely their fortunes were intertwined with the
destinies of the Republic.
THE NATIONAL DEBT.
This war has entailed upon us a debt 'of
nearly three thousand million dollars, with an
annually accruing interest of at least one hun-
dred and fifty millions. This is a sacred obli-
gation. It is due chicfly to our own citizens,
who, with a spontaneous liberality beyond all
exampje, opened their coffers at the invitation
of their Government in its hours of darkness
and distress. No honest man will countenance
the thought of repudiation in whole or in part.
The debt must be paid to the last dollar. It
will be so paid, and one more will thus be added
to the long list of unfulfilled prophecies which
croakers during the war spread throughout the
land.
But the payment of the interest, the pay-
ment of the ordinary expenses of the Govern-
ment, and the creation of a fund foi Mie grad-
ual extinction of the debt, involves a system
of taxation which, in all its ramifications, opens
a wide field for the exercise of the highest
qualities of statesmanship, the great purpose
being to harmonize this cftity with the develop-
ment of the resources of the country, the en-
couragement of its labor, and the improvement
of the condition of the people.
DISTRIBUTION OF THE PUBLIC BUEDENS AND THE
NECESSITY OP PROTECTION.
Some advantages lighten this task. The
enormous extent of our soil, embracing every
variety of climate and production, the fertility
of the land, its wealth of timber and minerals,
its abundant water-power, its facilities of
intercommunication by rail and river, and the
substantial liomogeneousness of the people
are elements of great consequence ; and their
coexistence will enable us, by diffusing the
public burdens among our vast and varied
interests, to make them rest lightly on every
one. One thing, however, is indispensable,
namely, that we have the amount of labor
necessary to reach these resources, combine
them into products, and form within ourselves
the chain of production and consumption wffich,
in its_inevitable and constant round, easts its
blessings upon all classes and pursuits.
Europe is sending us the bone and muscle of
her population. Emigration is adding almost
incalculably to our wealth. Each season we
receive not less than one hundred thousand
hale and hearty emigrants, worth more to us,
in my opinion, than the importation of S100,-,
000,000 in gold. Each laborer, as he digs in
the mines, or works in the mills, at the fur>
