3216
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
in the passage of this civil rights bill. I shall
endeavor very briefly to give some of the rea-
sons for the opinion I thus entertain.
I have already attempted to show that at the
time of the adoption of the Federal Constitu-
tion none bat persons of the white raec were
recognized by that instrument as citizens of the
United States. As this construction of the
Constitution is an important question in con-
nection with the subject I am now discussing, I
hope I will be pardoned for again alluding to
it. It is objected that this construction is in
opposition to the plain words of the Declara-
tion of Independence, and hence inadmissible.
If this were true the Constitution, being later in
date, and the real bond of union between the
States, would have to prevail. That there is,
however, no such conflict between the Decla-
ration and the Constitution I shall attempt to
show. Jt is true the Declaration of Independ-
ence contains these memorable words :
" Wo hold these truths to bo solf-ovident, that all
men fire crcated equal; that tlicy arc endowed by
their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that
among them are life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness; that to secure those rights governments are
instituted, deriving their just powers fiom the con-
sent of tlio governed."
In commenting on these words the Supreme
Court of the United States say:
"The general word,J above quoted would seem to
ombraco the whole human family, find it' they were 1
used in a similar instrument ai thid day would be so I
nndcrstoood. But it is foo clear for dispute that the
enslaved African race were noi intended to bo in-
eluded, and formed 110 part of the people who framed
and adopted this Declaration; ior iflhe language
as understood in that day would embrace them the
conduct of tho distinguished men who framed the
Declaration of Independence would have been ut-
terly and Ihv^vantly inconsistent with the principles
they averted ; and in-dead ol'the sympathy of man-
kind, to which thev mi confidently appealed, they
-would ha,ve deserved ami reeehed universal rebuke
and reprobation.
"Vet the men who framed tins Declaration were
great men—high in lileraiy acquirement:—high in
theirsen^e oi'Jhjuoi , and incapable ol assorting prin-
ciples ineolisislenl with (Iiot on which they were
ailing. Thcv perfectly understood (lie meaning of
the language tlicy used, and how it would he under-
stood by others; and they knew that it would not in
any part ol the ci\il!/od world be supposed to em-
brace (ho negro race, which by common consent, had
been excluded front civilized (.rovernmcnts, and the
family ol' nations, and doomed to slavery. They
spoke and acted according to the then established
iloctrincand principles, and in the ordinary language
ol the day, and no one misunderstood theip. Tho
unhappy black race were separated from tho white
by indelible marks and lawslong before established,
and weie never thought ot^or spoken of except as
property, and when the claims of tho owner or the
profit of tho trader were supposed to need protec-
tion.
"Tlii" stale of public opinion had undergouo no
change when the Constitution was adopted, as is
equally evident from itsproi isions and language."—
fjr<d nifir, HI l/'ncufln Cnitcl Statfti llruorlx,
pa.gc 110.
The court, in the same case, in considering
whether the African race were recognized by
the Constitution as citizens of the United
States, say:
"The words 'people of thoUnited Suites' and 'oit-
zens' are synonymous termsand mean tho same thins.
They both dcsciibc the political body who, according
to our republican institutions, ionn tho sovereignty,
and who hold I lie power and conduct the Government
through their Representatives. They are what wo
familtaily call tho 'sovereign people,' and every
citizen is one ol' this people and a constituent mem-
ber of this sovereignty. The question before us is.
whether the class of persons described in the plea in
abatement (that N, persons of African descent) com-
pose a portion of this people and are constituent
members of this sovereignty? We think they aro
noi.and that they arc not included,and were not in-
tended to be included, under the word 'citizens' in
the Constitution, and can therefore claim none oi'the
rights and privilege.- which that instrument provides
for and secures to citizens ot the United States. On
tho contrary, they were at the time considered as a
subordinate and inferior class of beings, who had
been subjugated by the dominant race, and whether
emancipated or not yet lemained subject to their
authority, and had no rights and privileges but such
as those who held tho power and the Government
might dioosc to grant them.
"It isnot the province of the court to decide upon
the justice or injustice, the policy or impolicy, of these
laws. The decision of that question belonged to tho
political or law-making power; to those who formed
the sovereignty and framed the Constitution. The
duty ot the court is to interpret the instrument they
have framed, with tile best lights wo can obtain oil
thesubjeet, and to administer it as we find it,accord-
ing to its true intent and meaning when it was adopt-
,ed.19 Howard, 405.
It may be also added, Mr. Speaker, that when
our national Government was instituted, de-
grading laws as to the African race existed in
nearly all the States which were then in exist-
ence. Even up to and as late as 1848, in no
Slate except llaitie did the African race, in
point of fact, participate equally with the whites
in the exercise of civil and political rights.
(See Kent's Commentaries, sixth edition, vol.
2, p. 258, note b.)
The Constitution itself allowed the contin-
uation of the African slave trade until 1808.
In view of these historical facts, and in the
light of the authorities I have cited, it could
not have been that the groat men who formed
our Government should have intended that the
African race should participate in it as the
equals of the whites and have full protection
as citizens of it. They could not have intended
so great an inconsistency.
1 do not refer, sir, to this treatment of the
African race with any pleasure. I do so only
because my line of argument seems to require
it. • If it shall be said that our fathers sinnefl
in their treatment of this unfortunate race, then
I answer that they sinned not alone, but that the
whole civilized world, to a greater or less ex-
tent, participated in the sin, and that all sec-
tions and portions of our country were alike
involved ill it.
Now, therefore, sir, as persons of African
descent, though born in the country, are not
by virtue of the provisions of the Federal Con-
stitution citizens of the United States, by what
power and in what way, if at all, can this class
of persons be such citizens?
The States cannot by any separate or State
action make them citizens of the United States.
While, as I have shown, a State may impose
disabilities on this class of persons within its
jurisdiction, it may at the same time confer
any privileges and immunities on them or any
portion of them as it may seem proper within
its own territorial limits. A State may make
them jurors, witnesses, voters, or office-holders
if it choose, but such disabilities on the one
hand, and such privileges and immunities on
the other, do not extend beyond the bound-
aries of the State imposing or eonferringthem.
Tho Supreme Court of the United States, in
commenting on the power of the Stales in this
respect, say:
" The Constitution upon its adoption obviously
took from the IStatcs all power by any subsequent
legislation to introduce as a. citizen into the political
family of the United States anyone, no matter where
lie was born, or what might be his character or con-
dition." 1 "" "• * "And no law of a
Sta-re, therefore, passed since tho Constitution was
adopted can give any right of citizenship outside of
its own territory."
On the sanfe subject that court also say:
" No Stato was willing to permit another State to
determine who should or should not bo admitted as
one of its citizons, and entitled to demand equal
rights and privileges with their own people, within
their own teintories. The right of naturalization
was. therefore, with one accord, surrendered by tho
States and confided to tho Federal Government."—
19 Howard, pages 417 and 418.
All the power, therefore, that exists any-
where to introduce any person as a citizen into
the political family of the United States rests
with the Federal Government. This power is
embraced in the grant of authority to Congress,
to which 1 have before alluded, "to estab-
lish an uniform rule of naturalization." What,
then, is the extent of this authority thus con-
ferred on Congress? Under this power may
Congress make everybody it chooses citizens
ol the United States, or can it under it only
make certain classes or descriptions of per-
sons such citizens?
The American definition of the word "nat-
uralization'' is found in Bouvier's Law Dic-
tionary, and is as follows: Naturalization—
The act by which an alien is made a citizen of
the United States of America."
Bouvieralso defines a ".naturalized citizen"
to be " one who, being born an alien, has law-
fully become a citizen of the United States
under the Constitution and laws."
The same author defines an "alien" to be
"one born out of the jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States, wlio has not since been naturalized
under their Constitution and laws."
Chancellor Kent, in his Commentaries, (see
volume two, page 12,) says:
"An alien is a person born oat of tho jurisdiction
and allegiance of the United States."
The Supreme Court of the United States,
in considering the power of Congress on the
subject of naturalization, also say:
"And this power granted to Congress to establish
a uniform rule of naturalization is, by the well-
understood meaning of the word, confined to persons
bora ill a foreign country, under a foreign Govern -
ment. It is not a power to raise to the rank of a
citizen any one born in the United States, who, from
birth or parentage, by the laws of the country,
belongs to an inferior and subordinate class."
Chancellor Kent, in treating of this subject
of naturalization, also says:
"The act of Congress confines the description of
aliens capable of naturalization to free white per-
sons. I presume this excludes the inhabitants of
Africa and their descendants; and it may become a
question to what extent persons of mixed blood aro
excluded, and what shades and degrees of mixture of
color disqualify an alien from application for the ben-
efits of the act of naturalization. Perhaps there might
bo difficulties also as to tho copper-colored nativo of
Amcrica, or the yellow or tawny races of the Asiatics,
and it may well be doubted whether any of them
are ' white persons' within the purview of the law."—
Kent's Oo/nmeiitaries, vol. 2, page 38.
Under the construction of this act of Con-
gress thus foreshadowed by Mr. Kent, China-
men have been denied naturalization in Cali-
fornia, and nowhere, within my knowledge,
have the courts of the country extended its
benefits to any but persons of the white race.
To the inquiry propounded as to the power
of Congress over this subject of naturalization
1 respond, that this grant of authority "to
establish a uniform rale of naturalization"
only confers on the Federal Government the
power to admit "aliens," that is, persons born
out of the jurisdiction and allegiance of the
United States, to citizenship, and does not
confer on it the power to elevate to the rank
of citizens persons of an inferior race born
within its jurisdiction and allegiance.
If I am right in those conclusions, then it
follows, irresistibly follows, I submit, that so
much of the civil rights bill as attempts to con-
fer citizenship on the class of colored people
which is intended to be embraced within its
provisions is wholly inoperative and void within
the territorial limits, at least, of the several
States of this Union, and only efficient, if any-
where, in those places to which the exclusive
jurisdiction of Congress extends.
Now, it has been shown, Mr. Speaker, and
I hope satisfactorily shown, that persons of
the African race never have been and still are
not citizons of the United States by virtue of
the provisions of the Federal Constitution. I
have shown, or at least attempted to show,
that the States cannot by any separate action
on their part confer national citizenship on
that race of people. I have also endeavored
to show that Congress cannot make citizens
of the United States of negroes who were born
within the jurisdiction and allegiance of the
Federal Government. My position in relation
to that portion of the African race who were
born in this country, then, is, that they were
left by the Constitution of the United States,
and as one of the results of our peculiar insti-
tutions,^ an anomalous and subordinate con-
dition, from which Congress by an ordinary act
of legislation cannot relieve them. I do not
say that Congress might not by an amendment
of the naturalization laws provide for the
naturalization of- persons of color born out-
side of the jurisdiction and allegiance of the
United States, who might arrive here as emi-
grants in the ordinary way. My argument is
not now addressed to that question, and I
affirm nothing in regard to it, either the one
way or the other. What I do insist on is, that
Congress under the pretense of naturalization
cannot confer citizenship on native-born per-
sons of an inferior race of people not recog-
nized as citizens by the Constitution.
It may be asked how these persons of Afri-
