1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, January 15, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtou.
_The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
Committees were called for rejiorts to go upon
the Calendar, and not to be brought back by a
motion to reconsider; but no such reports were
presented.
The SPEAKER stated the next business in
order to'be the call of States for resolutions,
commencing with the State of Maine.
tax upon hulls of vessels.
Mr. BLAINE submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Unsolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
bo directed to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing the two per cent, tax upon the hulls of vessels as
launched.
condition op the president's house.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, submitted the follow-
ing resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Public Buildings
and Grounds be, and they are hereby, instructed to
examine and inquire into the condition of tho Presi-
dential Mansion as regards hoalth, and whether it
is suitable, as to locality, sizo, and convenience, for
the residence of the President and family, and if not,
whether grounds of proper extent, in a proper local-
ity, can be procured upon which to erect a suitable
mansion; and that they report such estimates and
recommendations touching the subject hereby re-
ferred to them as they may see fit.
military and naval asylum.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE introduced ajoint reso-
lution granting certain public property to the
National Military and Naval Asylum ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
rep11esentatives from arkansas.
Mr. DELANO. I rise to a question of priv-
ilege. I present the credentials of lion. Wil-
liam Byers, Hon. Gr. H. Kyle, and Hon. James
M. Johnson, claiming scats in the Houseas Rep-
resentatives from the State of Arkansas, accom-
panied by a memorial; and I ask their reference
to the committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to ; and the papers
were ordered to be printed.
Mr. DELANO. I ask for the reading of the
memorial.
The SPEAKER. That would be in the na-
ture of debate, and is not in order.
insurance agents.
Mr. ROLLINS submitted the following res-
olution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of so
amending the internal revenue laws that insurance
agents, the net proceeds of whose business does not
exceed twenty-five dollars per annum, shall not be
required to take licenses.
fiiie and marine insurance companies.
Mr. ALLEY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of requir-
ing all fire and marine insurance companies to invest
in Government securities and deposit a certain per
cent, of their capital and roccipts in the Treasury of
theTJnitcdStatesforthe better security of tlieinsured,
and that they bo allowed to insure in any part of the
United States under such rules and regulations as
Congress shall prescribe.
general assembly of connecticut.
Mr. DEMING submitted resolutions of the
General Assembly of Connecticut, relating to
the present condition of public affairs, adopted
at its recent session in 1865: which were laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
william john harding.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, introduced
a bill for the relief of William John Harding;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee of Claims.
expedition to chili.
Mr. LAFLIN submitted the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Printing bo di-
rected to inquire into the expediency of continuing
the publication of the remaining volume of tho If aval
and Astronomical Expedition to Chili, and that, until
the committee report, the publication thereof be sus-
pended.
Mr. BROOKS. I desire to ask if thus stop-
ping the publication of this document until the
House committee reports may not postpone the
publication indefinitely. Is there not danger of
that?
Mr. LAFLIN. I answer that this refers to a
publication which was ordered some twelve years
since, and which has been suspended for the
last five or six years. The Superintendent of
the Astronomical Observatory is now ready to
present his report, and has notified the Superin-
tendent of Public Printing that the manuscript-
is ready for tho press. But inasmuch as there
is some question as to what Department this
printing belongs, and as there is also some
question as to the propriety of publishing this
fourth volume, it has been thought proper, at
a meeting of the joint committee, that,this reso-
lution should be presented to the House.
The SPEAKER. If there is any further
debate it must go over.
Mr. BROOKS. I have no objection, if it
has been a subjcct of consideration by the com-
mittee.
The resolution was agreed to.
national banks.
Mr. GOODYEAR submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law that any national bank now in ex-
istence be allowed, under such lestrictions a.nd regu-
lations as may bo approved by the Comptroller of the
Currency, to changc its placo of business from its pres-
ent location into any other State or Territory in the
United States, and report by bill or otherwise.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. CONKLING submitted the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That an amendment to the Constitution
of the "United States be submitted to the States for
then ratification in one ot'thc two following forms:
Kcprcscntativcs and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers, counting tho whole number of citizens of
the United States: Provided, That whenever, in any
State, civil or political l ights or privileges shall bede-
nied or abridged on account of raco or color, all per-
sons of such raco or color shall be excluded from the
basis of representation.
Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among tho several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers, counting tho wholo number of citizens of
the United States: Provided, That whenever, in any
Stite, the elective franchise shallbedcnied or abridged
on account of race or color, all persons of such raco
or color shall bo excluded from the basis of representa-
tion.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to refer the reso-
lution to the committee oil reconstruction; and
upon that motion 1 demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered: and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was referred.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was referred; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
By unanimous consent, the resolution was
ordered to be printed.
naturalization laws.
Mr. DARLING submitted the following res-
olution ; which wasread, consideied, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of amend-
ing tho naturalization laws so as to provide that all
persons, before taking the oath 1 o suppoi t tho Consti-
tution of the United States, shall bo required to read
intelligently said Constitution; and report by bill or
otherwise.
Mr. DARLING moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
genesee river. .
Mr. HART submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commoreo bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of makinss an
appropriation for the construction and completion
of piers at the mouth of the Genesee river on Lake
Ontario.
duty on foreign umbrellas.
Mr. THAYER subuaitted the following
olution, upon which he demanded the yeas-audi
nays:
Resolved, That the Committee of W ays and' Means
bo instructed to inquire whether an increased duty
should not be laid upon foreign umbrellas and para-
sols imported into this country, and that they have
leavo to report by bill or otherwise.
The previous question was seconded, and tho
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof the resolution was agreed to.
bounty to regulars.
Mr. STROUSE submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was read, considered, and agreed
to:
Resolved, That tho Committeo on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire mto the expediency of includ-
ing no n-commir:-ioried officers, musicians, ami privates
of tho regular Army, who were in tho service at the
breaking out of, and during a part or the whole of, the
rebellion, in any bounties that may be paid to the
volunteers who enlisted in 1861 and 1862.
white suffrage in district of columbia.
Mr. BROOMALL submitted the following
preamble and resolution, upon which he de-
manded the previous question:
Whercas.all just government derivesits powers from
the consent of the governed; and whereas, the best
mode of obtaining that consent is by means of the
ballot-box j and whereas the white men of the Dis-
trict of Columbia h avc recently decided by thatmeaas
that, in their opinion, the black man should not b®
allowed the right of suffrage: Therefore,
Resolved, ThattheCommitteeforthcDistrictof Co-
lumbia be instructedto inquire into the expediency of
ordering an election, at which the black men of the
District shall decide by ballot whether or not, in their
opinion, the white men should bo allowed the right of
suffrage.
[Great laughter.]
The previous question -was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. 131100KS demanded the yeas and nays
on the resolution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I wish to inquire of my
colleague if that resolution would not prevent
members of Congress from voting in this House
in the District of Columbia. [Laughter.]
Mr. BROOMALL. I think not.
Mr. SPALDING- moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. HARDING; of Kentucky, demanded the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken) and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 138, nays 12, not voting
32 ; as follows;
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Anderson,
Bakc-i Bank?, Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen,
Bidweil. Bmgham, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandcgee,
Biomwcll, Brooks, Buckland, Bundy, Chanler, Rea-
\ler W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook,
Cullom, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Dem-
ing, Denison, Dixon. Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Eggle-
ston, El Judge, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, .Ferry,
Finck, Glossbresmer, Goodyear, Gridcr, GriswokL
Aaron Harding, Abncr C. Ilardmg, Hart, llayesJIiU,
Ho^an Asahcl W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Dcmas Hubbard, John TT. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, JamtM 31. Hubbell, Hulburd, James Humphrey,
J ami's >1.Humphrey, Jenckes. Johnson, Julian, Kas-
?on, Kelky.Kerr, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Lafiin, La-
tham George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Lo
Blond, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McCul-
loch, MeK.ee, Mcllucr, Mcrcur, Miller. Moorhcad,
Morrill, Morris, Nicholson, Nocli, O Neill, Orth,
Paine. Patterson, Pcrham, Phelps. Pike, Plmits, Pom-
cjoy. Price, Radford, Samuel J llandall, Williara H.
Randall, Raymond,Alexander H.Riee, John H. Rice,
Rittcr Rogers, Rollins, Ross. Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
ficld. Shanklin, Shellabargcr, Sitgr caves, Smith,
Spalding, StUhvell, Strousc, Tabcr, Taylor, Thayer,
FrancisThomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble.
Trowbridge. Upson, Van Aernam, Elibu B. Wash-
burne, William B. Wabliburn, Wclker, James F. Wil-
son, Stephen F. "Wilson,Windom, Winfi eld, andWood-
^rl&YS—Messrs*. Dclos R.Ashley, James M. Ashley,
Brooinall, Oimmll, llale, Henderson, Higby, Kelso.
Longyar, Starr, Stevens, and "Williams-—12.
Is OX YOTIX(i—Messrs. Ames, Baldwin, Barker,
Blaine,Blow,Culver, Dawson.burnout,(xarfield.Har-
ri.-',lfolmo3. Hooper, llotcdikisj.Ingersoll, Jones,Boan,
McCIurs.Meindop,MouUon, Myers, Newell.k'lblack,
Rousseau, SSloan, iiurt Van Horn,Robert T. Van Horn,
