1'866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
4177
also with a sympathy for men who I know have
been subjected to grinding poverty.
Now, sir, I make this appeal sincerely to the
Senate. I hope they will not let this opportu-
nity pass. Do not answer me by saying that
the Interior Department ought to have the
same, orthe War Department the same. Iam
not going to argue that question. If you think
fchoy ought to have the same, make the motion ;
I shall not oppose you. I offer the amendment
Which I do on the evidence which has been laid
before the committee which I represent. Had
I had further evidence with reference to other
Departments and proper instructions from the
committee, I should have made my proposition
broader.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate take
a recess until seven o'clock.
Several Senators. Say half past seven.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If anybody wants to
meet at seven, make it seven o'clock.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Several of us cannot get
back to the Senate Chamber by seven o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. Then I will say half past
seven.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
accordingly took a recess until half past seven
o'clock.
EVENING SESSION.
The Senate reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
fontaine t. box, jr.
Mr. DAVIS. Before we proceed with the
regular order of business, I move to take up
House joint resolutionNo. 1G4, whichistopay a
little claim ot S200or$800; it has already been
passed by the House and favorably reported on
by the Senate Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to ; and the joint res-
olution (H. R. No. 104) for the relief of Fon-
taine T. Fox, jr., was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is a direction to the
proper accounting officers to pay to Fontaine
T. Fox, jr., Into aid-de-camp to Brigadier
General W. T. Ward, a sum equal to the pay
and allowances of a first lieutenant and aid-
do-camp, from the 8th day of October, 1801, to
the 3d day of April, 1S62.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
nebraska indian hostilities.
Mr. WADE. I am directed by the Commit-
tee on Territories, to whom was referred the
bill (H. R. No. 701) authorizing the reimburse-
ment to the Territory of Nebraska of certain
expenses incurred in repelling Indian hostili-
ties, to report it back without amendment; and
I ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
poses to instruct the Secretary of War to ex-
amine, adjust, and allow the expenditures and
liabilitiesoftheTerritory ofNebraska, made and
incurred in the year 1804, for the pay, equip-
ment. and maintenance of territorial troops in
the suppression of Indian hostilities and pro-
tection of the lives and property of citizens of
the United States exposed to the attacks of the
confederated tribes. The amount so allowed,
when approved by the proper accounting offi-
cers of the Treasury, is to be paid into the ter-
ritorial treasury by a warrant payable to the
order of the Governor of that Territory, and is
to be in fall for all claims in the premises on
the part of the Territory or the troops thereof.
But no allowance is to be made for troops be-
yond the companies called out by the Governor
in that year, and placed under the command
of the general commanding the troops of the
United States in that Territory; nor is any rate
of pay or expenses of any kind to be allowed
higher or greater than those allowed by law to
like troops regularly enlisted in the service of
the United States. Forty-five thousand dol-
lars, or so much thereof as may be necessary,
is appropriated to carry out the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to hear the
report read.
39th Cong. 1st Ska-. —No. 262.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
is advised there is no report accompanying the
bill.
Mr. WADE. I do not know that there is
anything in the shape of a report, but all the
original papers in the case are here. I pre-
sume it is all right._ It only requires the claim
to be settled according to what the officers find
the facts to be.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not want to object to
it, but I think the Senator had better put it in
the same shape other bills are for Massachu-
setts, Iowa, Oregon, and Missouri—authorize
the Secretary of War to investigate the subject
and report at the next session of Congress. I
do not want to object to the bill, but this is a
departure from the uniform custom on such bills
as the Committee on Military Affairs have been
in the habit of reporting to the Senate, which
all the Senate have concurred in.
Mr. WADE. I do not know of any other
except in this shape.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, one for my own State,
one for Oregon, one for Massachusetts, one for
Missouri, and I do not know how many others
have be'en passed in the shape I suggested. I
do not interpose any objection to the bill if the
Senate see fit to pass it in its present shape,
but it is a departure from the uniform practice.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
it read.
The Secretary read the bill.
Mr. WADE. It seems to me a carefully
drawn bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not object to it.
Mr. WADE. If there is no objection to it I
hope it will pass.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiibbsos, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conferencc
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. <j'j) to amend the acts relating
to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of New
York.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of
Richard Chenery;
A bill (H. 11. No. 788) to establish and pro-
tect national cemeteries;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. U00) author-
izing the Secretary of War to settle with the
Territory of Colorado for the militia of said
Territory employed in the service of the United
States in the years 1801 and 1805;
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 201) for the
relief of the officers of the thirteenth regiment
of the United States colored heavy artillery;
A joint resolution (II. II. No. "202) in rela-
tion to brevet appointments and commissions
in the United >States Army;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) author-
izing the Secretary of War to contract with
Dr. Alexander Dunbar;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 204) to reim-
burse Mrs. Mary Phelps, of Missouri; and
A joint resolution (II. 11. No. 205) for the
erection of an equestrian statue to the memory
of Brevet Lieutenant General Winlield Scott.
bill introduced.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. II. No. 142) respecting the Army
of the United States; which was read twice
by its title and ordered to be printed.
deficiencies in apl'kopri.vtions.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 791) to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 13m, and for other purpose's, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Stjmxek, to add the following as an addi-
tional section:
And be it further enacted. That there he paid to the
sevcralcieiks of th.6 Do par tm out of Staty, twenty per
cent, of the compensation now allowed to each to
commcnce from the 30th of June, 1866, and to con-
tinue until repealed by Congress; and a sum sufficient
tor this purpose is hereby appropriated out of any
moneys mttie Xreasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. GRIMES. Imovetoinsertafter"Stato"
the words " and Navy Department."
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 am opposed to the
amendment to the amendment, as I am to the
original amendment. ]f one is wrong, the
other is, and I do not want to give additional
strength by having the two coupled together,
which it might or might not do; I do not know
how that would be.
My friend from Massachusetts closed Ms
speech with an appeal to the Senate to do jus-
tice as he called it, and I hope really that the
Senate will endeavor to do so. I also appeal
to the Senate to keep this bill free from addi-
tional legislation. The argument is quite as
strong with reference to other Departments as
it is with regard to the State Department.
According to the Senator's own statement the
salaries are the same, and Senators may very
easily see from the amendment proposed by
the honorable Senator from Iowa what the
result must necessarily be. We must spend
the night here in squabbling over proposed
amendments to put on the other Departments.
Now, sir, in the first place, as 1 understand
it, I have seen no recommendation from the
head of any one Department recommending
a general increase of the salaries of the clerks.
The Senator from Massachusetts has not told
us that the Secretary of State recommends this
increase. We have no such recommendation
from the Secretary of War; and J know that the
Secretary of the Treasury has made no such
recommendation. There is one thing they do
desire, probably, and that is that there shaH-
be an increased compensation given in a few
special cases. If Congress chooses to do that,
I have no objection ; but I have an objection to
reorganizing the Departments on a bill of this
description. It is bad and hasty legislation.
But the Senator has u^ed one or two argu-
ments to which I beg leave to alludo. lie says,
in the first place, that we have raised the sala-
ries of ourselves. So far as that is concerned
I am not responsible for it, for one ; but it is
not done yet; it is only done so far as the Sen-
ate is concerned. In the next place, if that
lias been done, or is considered as having been
done, it is, I suppose, because a majority of the
Senate thought that we were not well enough
paid ; and wo are the judges of that. There
is no other tribunal to appeal to. We recom-
mend it and act upon it. We are the head of
this department in reference to that matter.
So with regard to the clerks and employes here.
We think that their pay is too low and that it
should be raised. We act in a double capacity
in these cases; but no head of any of the Ex-
ecutive Departments has recommended to my
knowledge any general increase of the salaries
of the employes in the Departments. I know
with regard to the Treasury it is not so, and I
know, moreover, that if applied to one Depart-
ment it must go through all of them neces-
sarily. This is a general increase of salary,
because the argument is used, and used with
great effect, ''You have begun with one De-
partment ; apply it to the others; treat us all
alike." That is the result of it, and it is very
difficult to resist the argument, because they
are equally meritorious. Now, I know with
reference to the Treasury Department that it
is merely in a very great degree a waste of
money to do any such thing; that a large num-
ber, and the largest number, much the largest
number of the clerks in that Department are
paid to-day all that they ought to be paid;
and to tender them twenty per cent, increuso
is merely taking money out of the I reasury
because we happen to take a fancy to take it
out to give those who serve the public, with no
reason whatever to justify it.
