1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4171)
clerks; and my motion now is to add to that
compensation twenty per cent, additional.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS. Independent of the objec-
tions that have been urged to this amendment
by the Senator from Maine, there is one that
has considerable weight upon my mind which
has not been mentioned. I conceive this to be
a vicious and unjust mode of compensation.
Different employls in all the Departments now
^receive a different compensation; some are
paid $3,000 or $4,000 a year, others are paid
$1,500 or $1,200 a year, showing that there is
a difference in the value of the services of these
different employes. This amendment proposes
to pay to each one of them twenty per cent,
without respect to the value of the services of
either one of them. It may be and I presume
it is the fact that there are persons in the State
Department who on account of their abilities
and their experience ought Jo have their sal-
aries increased perhaps $500 or $1,000, and I
have no iloubt that there are others in the State
Department, as in every other Department, who
receive a full equivalent for their labor.
That is undoubtedly true as to the Treasury
Department, and I have no doubt it is true as
to all the Departments; and if it be necessary
to raise the compensation of any of the em-
ployes in any of the Departments let each
Department be reorganized; let a salary be
attached to each office according to the re-
sponsibility of the individual who fills that
office; let the man who is required to exercise
skill, who is required to have peculiar abilities
or great learning, be paid a sum that will be
an adequate compensation for what he bi-ings
into the performance of his duty, and let those
who perform nothing but manual or mechan-
ical labor be paid according to the value of
their services. Last night we passed an amend-
ment providing that twenty per cent, should be
added to the compensation of the employes of
the Senate. I voted against that amendment;
I regard it as entirely unjust. I am willing to
• say, by way of an illustration, that our chief
clerk, for instance, in my judgment, should
have his salary raised $500 or $1,000, while
there are messengers and persons employed
about this Capitol who, in my judgment, re-
ceive every cent that their labor is worth, and
yet he, notwithstanding the responsibilities of
his position, notwithstanding the experience and
skill which he is required to bring to the per-
formance of his duties, receives his twenty per
cent., while pages and the men who perform
nothing about this Capitol but manual labor
receive the same addition to their salaries. I
object to this mode of compensation. Let the
State Department be reorganized; let each
office have a salary attached to it according to
its individual impoitaiice in the Department;
so of the Treasury Department, the Navy De-
partment, and all the Departments, and that
is the only way in which justice can be done.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to withdrawthe amend-
ment I proposed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Massachusetts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was very anxious for
an early adjournment, butsl now rather regret
that a day is fixed. I think if this session
were to be continued four or five days longer
perhaps we could come to an understanding
on this most difficult question of the relation
of the clerks of the State Department to the
Government. [Laughter.] That is the only
regret I have that the session is to come to a
close on Saturday. The Senate has very fully
expressed its views on several occasions; the
Senator from Massachusetts has given us the
benefit of his learning and the force of his argu-
ment on this question, how many times I will
not undertake to say; and I think he might
come to the conclusion that possibly the Sen-
ate understands, to say the least of it, the bor-
ders of this great and troublesome and difficult
subject. He has shown by giving a statement
of the facts that the clerical force of the State
Department is the best paid clerical force in
Washington. He says there are eight clerks I
who get the highest clerical salary, $1,800
One of the eight gets $2,000. Then there are
nine that get the next highest salary of $1,600.
Then there are three who get the next highest
salary of $1,400, and only three who get the
lowest salary of $1,200, while I suppose in the
Treasury Department there are a thousand
men working at $1,200 a year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The clerks of the State
Department are the best paid in proportion to
those of any Department there is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not know so much
about it until the Senator made his statement.
That statement has shown the facts that this
Department is the best paid Department in the
Government. He says it has no bureaus.
Take one of the bureaus in the Treasury De-
partment; the bureau of the Second Auditor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Notwithstanding the
small number there, it has, by the legislation
of this year, two Assistant Secretaries and one
examiner of claims at $3,000, the ordinary
pay of the head of a bureau.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was not aware of
that fact; but take the Senators own argu-
ment : he says it has no bureaus. Take one
of the bureaus of the Treasury Department,
the Second Auditor's, where they settle boun-
ties and the like. I guess there are four hun-
dred clerks, perhaps, in that bureau, and they
are nearly all $1,200 clerks. If wo are going
to correct this thing, we had better do it upon
some system and principle; we cannot do it in
this way properly, and I think we might as well
go on and make an appropriation bill of this.
I cannot say that it is particularly gratifying
to my taste that whenever the Senator alludes
to this interesting and delicate question, he
says that Senators have voted to increase their
own pay. What connection has that with this?
What connection have the accomplishments re-
quired for a United States Senator with those
of a clerk in a Department? I cannot see the
force of the argument. Senators are presumed
to bring to this body experience and learning;
some from the professions, some from the
commercial and manufacturing pursuits of the
country. I should like very well that at_an
early hour we could get through with this bill;
and if we can just get through this trouble-
some question, the greatest of all questions,
the like of which is not known in our legisla-
tion, I have some hopes that we can get through
the bill at a reasonable hour. [Laughter.]
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to offer an amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. Wait till that is disposed of.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Very well; I will not pro-
pose it.
Mr. WILLEY. I desire to direct the atten-
tion of the honorable Senator from Massachu-
setts to the phraseology of his amendment. It
seems to me a literal interpretation of his amend-
ment as it is there, instead of increasing the
compensation of the clerks in the State De-
partment would diminish it. As I understand
it, it is that "twenty per cent, of the compen-
sation" now received by them shall be paid. I
suggest to him that what I understand to be the
design of the amendment is that an amount
equal to twenty per cent, of all they now get
be added to their present compensation. If I
heard the amendment read co'rrectly it simply
is a direction to pay to the clerks twenty jier
cent, of the compensation now received by
them.
Mr. SUMNER. I have already corrected it
so as to meet the criticism of the Senator,
though he will pardon me if I say that I think
the criticism was not applicable. The salary
which they receive now of course stands on
the law, and this would be an appropriation
of twenty per cent, further, but to obviate all
doubt I have put in the word "additional."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to amend the
amendment by inserting after "State" the
words "and of the Treasury, Interior, War,
and Post Office Departments, and in the office
of the Attorney General." I offer this amend-
ment in good faith. I concur with the propo-
sition of the Senator from Massachusetts, who
appears simply in behalf of the State Depart-
ment; but what is true of the State Department
is true of all employ6s of the Government, as
well as the employes of this body. The same
reasoning applies equally well. The clerks em-
ployed in any of the Departments of our Gov-
ernment do not receive compensation enough
for reasonable subsistence and clothing. They
are not compensated as clerks are in commer-
cial cities; they are not compensated as are
persons of equal skill anywhere in the United
States, and here in the most expensive city of
the United States there are reasons why, the
expenses of living having been vastly increased,
wo should make some provision to meet the
consequences of that result.
I believe in good pay and exact service. For
some years past the clerks in none of the De-
partments have been paid sufficient compensa-
tion to live comfortably here. I believe it
would be a simple act of justice to increase
their pay generally on a general principle.
Assuming that their present pay is averaged
properly and was properly averaged when it
was arranged by previous laws, an increase by
regular proportion would be justunless we reor-
ganize altogether the Departments of the Gov-
ernment in their clerical force—a thing which
should have been done long ago; which has
been talked of for years but which no one has
attempted. I believe the expenses of the
Departments could bo greatly reduced by a
reorganization and a system that would make
a smaller clerical force much more efficient
than the present. But there is no prospect of
that being done ; and their being no such pros;
peet I say adequate compensation should be
allowad; and I am in favor as well of the
amendment of the Senator from Massachusetts
as of the general proposition that all the em-
ployes of the several Departments should have
their pay increased.
Mr. SPRAGUE. The amendment which I
was about to propose but which I withdrew,
was substantiallythe amendment of the Senator
from California. I had put it in this shape:
Tlierc shall be allowed and paid to the clerks and
employes of the War Department whoso compensa-
tion has not been otherwise increased previous to
July 1,18fili, twenty per cent, additional on their re-
spective salaries, to take effoct from and after the
1st day of July, 1805.
If the amendment of the Senator from Cali-
fornia fails, I shall take an appropriate occa-
sion to offer that which I have just read, and
I will say a word in support of it. I have been
credibly informed that the employes of the War
Department consist in a very large degree of
retired and discharged soldiers, many of them
wounded. More than three fifths of the ap-
pointments to clerkships in that Department
have been of soldiers in our Army. I have been
informed also that the average compensation at
the present time of the clerks in the W ar Depart-
ment, taking all the grades, is $1,200, whereas
in the Treasury Department the average is
$1,400. I understand further that the clerks
of the War Department arc employed seven
hours per day while the average number of
hours in the Treasury Department, is six per
day, so that it is very evident that the pay of
the clerks in the War Department isinferior to
that of the clerks in the Treasury Department.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected ; and the amendment was rejected.
Mr. WILSON. I offer the following amend-
ment as an additional section :
And be it further enacted. That the Secretary of
War be directed to cause estimates to be made tor
the erection of suitable tlre-pronf buildings lor use
quartermaster's department in VVr:>h:!:;uon, si.iun?
the location and price ot the land, and Plan®
cost of necessary buildings, to be reported at tne at.a
session of Congress.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to strike outquar-
termasters department" and insert vvar i>e-
partment." The offices of that Department
ought all to bo under the same roof m the
same building—the Commissary, Quartermas-
ter, Ordnance, Surgeon General, and all ot
them. We have got plenty of reservations else-
where in the city. There is plenty of ground
to be obtained if we did not own any; but" we
