1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1209
pUti?, which the establishment or maintenance of any
flee port or ports in the British North American col-
onies near to our boundaries tends to induce.
And iuseit in lieu thereof the following:
3. The abolition and suppression of all free ports
near the boundaries of the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr .-PIKE. I offer the following as a substi-
tute for the first section of the bill:
On fish: salmon, $2 per barrel; shad, $150; mack-
erel, when valued at $6 and less. $1 per barrel; when
valued at over St3 per barrel, $2 per barrel; herring,
pickled or salted, $1 per barrel; all other pickled fish,
$1 per barrel; all fish not otherwise provided for, one
centperpound: Provided, That fish in packages other
than barrels shall pay in proportion to trie rates
charged on similar fish in barrels: And provided fur-
ther, Th.it herring imported in bulk shall pay at the
rate of fifty cents per barrel of two hundred pounds.
Mr. SPALDING. -Does that amendment
make the duty on cod-fish one centperpound?
Mr. PIKE. There arc two reasons why the
amendment I offer should pass. One is that
it is but a trifle more than tlio tariff proposed
by the Committee of Ways and Means to the
Canadian commissioners under schedule B.
Some kinds of fish are somewhat more, butthe
average is but little greater. I know the Cana-
dians did not like that schedule, and probably
for that reason the committee changed it. But
it gives the rates the committee think ought to
be established, and I agree with them.
Another reason is. that thisbillrepealsthe fish-
ing bounties. Our people have confidently ex-
pected that the established policy of the country
would not be now overthrown. They had a right
to suppose that laws coeval with the formation
of the Government, and forming a system which
had survived all political parties for three quar-
ters of a century, would not be suddenly struck
down, and without a warning notice to those
interested in it. Confidently expecting stabil-
ity in this legislation, they invested theirmoney.
Large investments have clung around the sys-
tem. It is grossly unfair now to stiike off all
protection and leave a worthy and patriotic
class of men exposed to competition which,
for the reasons I gave the other day, must be
ruinous. And why should it be done?
It is particularly annoying to the people in-
terested in fisheries that a system of bounties
which has resisted all domestic attacks up to this
time should be made to yield to the demands
of Vova, Scotians. If the report of the Com-
mittee on Commerce, made the other day, had
been adopted we should have had the satisfac-
tion of knowing that the bounties had at last
given way to what was claimed to be the gen-
eral good. But to have them now thiown in
as a placebo to provincial legislation is adding
insult to injury. And why do it? Are the
committee afraid that the Provinces will get
mad if we exercise our right to tax what we
please and when we please, and to protect our
own industries as we choose?
Fisheries are truly said to be the nurseries
of commerce. In our ease they are, to a con-
siderable extent, American commerce itself.
It is well known that our deep-sea tonnage is
manned by foreigners. The shipping lists of
New York are filled up with foreign names
having Ameiican "protections."' I know the
law is otherwise, but the fact, is as 1 state it.
Nine out of ten of sailors on board our ships
are foreigners. The coasting trade has a mix-
ture. The fisheries are almost purely Ameri-
can. A foreigner in one of our fishing smacks
is as scarce as a white blackbird. If we would
encourage an American commerce we must
cultivate and protect our fisheries.
Th<% scale of duties I propose is not far from
tvr.mtv-five per cent, of a fair valuation. I do
not m'n ke them ad valorem because of the prob-
ability of fraud. We know what the real value
is, but what it would be sworn lobe at Halifax
who can say ? The average of duties upon the
importations of the country is about forty per
cent. In asking for twenty-five per cent, upon
tills article we are largely within the mark, and I
feel as if our request should be granted without
hosiiaiion. Surely five House will not strii<e
down ihe fishing bounties without a word of
warning to valuable and confiding interests, and
then refuse the average protection that other
branches of industry receive at the hands of
Government . It would benot only ungenerous,
but the extreme of bad faith.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to strike
out four dollars a barrel on mackerel, and to
insert six. •
Mr. Chairman, I am glad that for once I can
unite in the policy of the gentleman from Maine
in relation to this matter. I am heartily in favor
of protecting the interests of this country against
competition from abroad. When we established
fishing bounties we intended to encourage fish-
ing in British waters for the purpose of intro-
ducing into this country cheap food to compete
with the productions of this country.
Now, sir, I am glad to see that the gentleman
is satisfied to abandon that policy of impoi'ting
our provisions from abroad. I understand him
now to be in favor of increasing the duty on
foreign fish for the purpose of protecting the
American product. I am in favor of that policy.
I am, furthermore, in favor of extending that
principle over the length and breadth of our
country. I know that the centralizing policy
of England has made Canadaalmostexclusively
an agricultural country. There was a Yankee
who went from my country and manufactured
sleigh-bells there, but he is the only manufac-
turer that I ever heard of in Canada. Every-
thing they use is manufactured in England, and
the people of Canada are producing merely
what the American people produce.
Now, I am not in favor of having a recipro-
city treaty with them on this platform. If they
were a manufacturing people who could com-
pete with New England and our eastern manu-
facturers, so as to bring down the price of manu-
factured articles, I do not know but what I
should have been in favor of a reciprocity treaty.
But what is the effect of the principle of this
bill ? It is to throw open to New England the
agricultural region of Canada to supply them
with cheap food, thus excluding our own coun-
try from a market which we should otherwise
have. Sir, I have been for thirty years—nay
thirty-five years—in the ranks, in the rear or in
the front; sometimes in the one position, and
sometimes in the other, sustaining a tariff
which should ultimately give a good market at
home for the productions of our farms. We
have encouraged the manufacturing interests of
this country until now we make quite a respect-
able show in the world. But in place of furnish-
ing a market for our agricultural productions,
this bill opens the door to Canada, an agricul-
tural region, to compete with us.
Now, I want to say to these gentlemen from
the East that I will go for putting on a high, a
prohibitory tariff upon manufactured goods, but
you must deal with us fairly. Shut the door
against those thinga that compete with tis, such
'as cattle, horses, hogs, corn, and wheat, and
then we can live together. 1 will buy my shirt
of you and you will buy your bread of me—that
is my principle. 1 withdraw the amendment
to the amendment
Mr. MORRILL. I do not feel any especial
interest in this question so far as the proposi-
tion of the geutleman from Maine [Mr. Pike]
is concerned. I would, however, suggest to
him the propriety of making the closing part
of his amendment read:
One dollar per hundred weight for all other descrip-
tions of fish.
Allow me to say that I do not think it is
quite fair to assume, in levying duties at this
time, that the high price of fish is t,o continue,
when but recently the price of the different sorts
of fish was at least one half, if not two thirds,
less than what it is at the present moment.
Mr. ELIOT. Will 1he gentleman allow me
a moment ?
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman can have
five minutes after I get through.
N ow, sir,' the price of fish is something like
seven, eight, and nine dollars per quintal.
And the proposition made by the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] would not be un-
reasonable .ihould these prices continue. But
if prices were to recede to their normal con-
dition, to $2 50 and $3 and $3 60 per quintal, as
tbey have been in years past, then the proposi-
tion of the gentleman would be extravagant.
I do not feel any special interest in this sub-
ject, although a lover of the cod-fish, whether
swimming or in the frying-pan. '
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman from Ver-
mont [Mr. Morrill] allow me the remainder
of his five minutes?
Mr. MORRILL. I would do so with the
greatest pleasure if there was any of it left.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I move, pro forma, to
strike out the words "one hundred weight,"
and insert "one hundred pounds."
I desire, in reply to a remark just made by
the gentleman from Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,]
to say that he is under a great misapprehension
as to the present price of dried cod-fish. If this
bill passes as reported by the committee, at
present prices the business cannot be continued,
lie speaks of it now as commanding in the
market the price of seven dollars, eight dollars,
and nine dollars per quintal. Sir, there are
now ten thousand quintals in a single port in
my district which may be had from $3 50 to
$4 50 per quintal. The gentleman, I fear, has
been speaking without accurate knowledge of
the price of this article. I have seen the price-
current to which the gentleman refers, and I
am stating what is the actual fact, that in the
markets of Philadelphia this article is now sold
at the prices I have named, and that at the port
to which I have referred there is the amount I
Jiave named which can be had at that price.
It costs more than four dollars perquintal to
catch and cure that fish. The prices now upon
the average are less than the cost of taking and
curing them. During the time the large Army
demand existed prices were high, but during
the past reason they have not been high. I
have upon my table statistics showing the prices
which the cateli of certain vessels lius produced,
and 1 could demonstrate, if it was at all desir-
able, that although prices have been exag-
gerated because of the war, yet they are now
on the decline.
Let me state one fact more. In the two
counties of Yarmouth and Shelburnc, in Nova*
Scotia, they are now building vessels and pre-
paring for a catch of not less than one hundred
and fifty thousand quintals during the next year.
If this bill should pass as it now stands, it will
be utterly impossible for us to compete with
them, because we have to pay about one hun-
dred dollars a ton for our vessels ready for the-
outfit, while in Canada they can be procured
for thirty-three dollars a ton, and we have to
pay more than twice as much for the outfit as
they do. So that the protection afforded by
the amendment of the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Pike] is quite as little protection as ought
to be given by this House. It ought not to be
reduced ; and therefore I hope that the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] will not prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. I intended to withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I will withdraw my
amendment, and hope the amendment offered
by the gentleman from Maine will prevail.
Mr. MORRILL. I object to the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] withdrawing
his amendment until 1 reply to what he has just
stated. The- gentleman denies my statement
as to the present prices of fish. I quote-now
from the Commercial and Financial Chron-
icle, of January '20, 1300. It is there stated
that dried cod-fish is from $7 to $9^23 per hun-
dred weight; dried, scaled, $6 75 to $( oO.
, And then! quote from the New York Mercan-
tile Journal, of March 8, yesterday. I presume
no one will question the authority of this paper:
cod-fish, George's Bank, perquintal ^9; large
Grand Bank, $0 50 to $7; small, SG: hake,
$-1 60; pollock $3 to $4; and that is the only
kind offish that could be included in the gen-
tleman's statement; he evidently alluded to
pollock. ,
I have nothing further to say on this subject.
Mr. ETJOT. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the part
