1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2259
facts well calculated to alarm and startle us.
The surplus productions of foreign manufac-
turers are thrown into our ports at low prices,
disturbing our values and ruining our manu-
facturers.
I recently proposed a temporary increase of
duties of fifty per cent, until the tariff bill can
, fee prepared and passed, for the purpose of
checking this excess of importation, but the
House appeared to prefer awaiting the new
bill for which the country is languishing.
Some persons object to an increase of du-
ties because a return to specie payments will
effect.a reduction in the rates of labor and the
value of materials. This expectation can be
realized only measurably. I hope it will not
to the extent desired by many. I should be
unwilling p to see labor reduced to its former
minimum. Under our system it is not the pol-
icy of the Government to repress the laborer
as in Europe; and we must legislate in the
consciousness that the laborers of the country
are a power in it. Their interests must bo
respected; and they are entitled to such legis-
lation as will tend to keep open to them the
avenues to thrift, wealth, and power.
They who expect to build up a system which
is aimed at the dignity and prosperity of the
laborers of the nation, and which necessarily
involves their depression to the level of the
European standard, should know, what tliey
will soon be taught, that the inspiration of their
system is from abroad, is not congenial to our
institutions, and should find 110 lodgment 011
the statute-books of the great Republic.
THE WOOL INTEREST.
There is another interest of great importance
to which I have not alluded, and which deserves
candid and just consideration. It is the wool
interest, in which eastern, middle, and west-
erly States are like concerned. As a branch
of industry it is among the most valuable to
the nation, both as to its agricultural and its
manufacturing capabilities. The product is
an absolute necessary of life, for which there
can be no adequate substitute. It is capable
of the largest variety of domestic and personal
uses. Its production and its manufacture employ
large numbers of persons, and the profits grow-
ing out of it are distributed among different
classes and pursuits. Its agency in increasing
personal and national wealth is direct and
valuable, and in every aspect it deserves to be
fostered and protected by the Government.
During the ten years ending in 1860 the
aggregate value of the imports of woolen goods
into the country was $282,082,830. During
the same time, we imported $30,428,157 worth
of wool, being an increase ol' nearly two hun-
dred per cent, over the imports between 1840
and 1850. Our climate and soil enable us to
produce wool of every description equal to any
country in the world; and it is for the Con-
gress of the nation to say whether, by wise
legislation, we shall encourage so profitable
and important a production, and whether we
shall claim for ourselves the blessings and
benefits which will result from the increased
manufacture of flannels, cassimeres, shawls,
delaines, and the like from American wool.
As for myself, I prefer the interest of the
American farmer, the American wool-grower,
the American manufacturer, the American
dealer to the like classes elsewhere; and I
am anxious to add to our already numerous
sources of wealth that which, in a peculiar
manner, appeals to the generous pride and
the honorable ambition of every true-hearted
American citizen. Petitions by thousands of
signers are before Congress beseeching us to
be fair to this most meritorious class and thus
just to all; and I trust we will not rise until
we help to put their business upon such a
foundation as will give them hope of ultimate
triumph in their effort to expand the sweep and
deepen the enrrent of American industry and
production.
POLICY OP PROTECTION.
Sir, I know the strength of the prejudices
which have been created against the policy of
protection; but they will not. bear the light of
truth. As a policy it has always been an
enriching one to the whole people. The coun-
try has never been as prosperous as when the
Government acted-upon it. And the periods
of weakness and collapse have always been
those in which misrule exposed us to the mis-
eries of free-trade fallacies, which afflicted
alike the producer, the manufacturer, the
trader, and the Government.
I say the Government has never been rich
except under the policy of protection. It has
never been strong internally except when it
recognized as its first duty that, it owes to its
own. Take for proof this table:
Imports. Itevenue. Average duty.
1845  $117,254,564 $27,528,113 251 percent.
1856  314,639,942 64,022,863 21!- "
I860  362,1153,941 53.167,513 15
1864  205,000,009 86,100,000 43
These figures show that in 1804, when the
average duties were forty-three per cent., wc
had over one half more revenue than in 1800
when the average was but fifteen per cent.; and
tliat attending this was the important advantage
that in the latter period we imported but little
over one half the amount in the former ; pro-
tection thus operating to prevent the evils of
excessive importation, to develop our own
labor, and to maintain the credit and financial
strength of the national Government.
EXPKItlENCK Ol' ENGLAND.
What is our experience in this respect is the
experience of other Governments, and espe-
cially of that of England, whose remarkable
record on this question is worthy of study. In
1846 England formally abandoned the policy
of protection, and insisted that if under its
previous legislation they prospered it was not
owing to protection, but in spite ol'it. Let us
see what has resulted from the change.
In 1820 England's exports of cotton piece
goods amounted to 248.370,030 yards ; in 1840
to 790,031,997 yards, be«ig an increase in twenty
years of 542,201,307 yards, equal to two hun-
dred and thirty-four per cent. In 1860 her
exports of cotton piece goods amounted to
2,705,337,818 yards, being an increase in twenty
years of 1,974,705,821 yards, equal to two hun-
dred and forty-nine per cent.
The increase of the free-trade period over
the severely protective one in the exports of
cotton was only fifteen per cent. ; but if the
respective capabilities of expansion are justly
considered, it ought to have been a hundred
per cent, at least. The increase of American
manufactures from 1810 to 1850 was three hun-
dred and thirty per cent. : and from 1850 to
I860 eighty per cent.
But the greatest and most important of all
her products show more than this. Her pro-
duction of pig iron in 1S23 was 452,066 tons ;
in 1840, 1,390.400 tons—an increase under the
protective system of two hundred and nine per
cent. In 1857 the production was 3,657,447
tons—an increase of only one hundred and
sixty-two per cent. The duty upon pig iron for
the first three years of the first of these periods
was 1Y.S. 6d. per ton, and ten shillings for the
first six years of the last, and free of duty for
eleven years, or from 1846 to 1857. The latter
period had the supposed advantage, and yet
fell forty-seven per cent, short of equaling the
protected period in ratio of progress.
Again : the exports of silk manufactures of
the twenty years, from 1820 to 1840, increased
one hundred and thirteen per cent, in value,
while their increase from 1840 to 18G0 reached
no more than one hundred per cent.
The exports of flax manufactures fared
worse; they rose in quantity of yards one
hundred and forty-four per cent, from 1820 to
1840, and only reach fifty-five per cent, in 1800
above their amount in 1848.
In woolens, so long encouraged by sumptuary
laws, and protected by fines, forfeitures, and
even imprisonment, and after these were mit-
igated to a general average of fifty per cent,
duty on all imports, England has lost her
supremacy, not indeed by any change in her
commercial policy, but by the superiority of
tha fabrics of the Continent. In 1815 she ex-
ported 889,338 pieces of cloth; in 1860 but
570,671. Her home-grown wool has for a long
period deteriorated in quality, and she is now
to a great extent dependent upon foreign wool
and foreign looms for the finer fabrics required
for home consumption, as is shown by the con-
stantly declining proportion of the foreign
wools imported. Between the years 1820 and
1840 the increase of her imports of wool was
one hundred and ninety-seven per cent.; in the
next period the increase fell off to one hundred
and thirty-seven per cent.
Her exports of worsteds increased in the
former period sixty-nino per cent, in the latter
but fifty-two per cent. In those of mixed stuffs
and flannels there has been some compensa-
tion in an increased value amounting to one
hundred and forty per cent, as against thirty-
three per cent.
In her cutlery, also, she is retrograding, a
fact which is by_ her own authors attributed to
the demoralization in her manufacture of those
articles. In her endeavor to command the
markets of all the savage and semi-civilized
regions of the globe, her manufacturers find
their account in naaking goods rather for sale
than use; especially in those tools and imple-
ments of which every workman is a competent
judge. German and American articles are at
a premium even in her home market.
The purpose of this detailed array of the
results of the respective periods of England's
manufacturing history for the twenty years
next preceding and next following the date
of her change from protection to free trade is
to show that the boasted triumph of the latter
policy is as false in fact as it is in theory.
The advocates of the modern theory appeal
to facts and figures, which have a plausible
appearance, but the meaning and value of
those facts and figures flatly contradict the
inferences so confidently drawn from them.
The rate of progress in British industry and
foreign trade in the years which have gone by
since the policy of protection was abandoned
has not oxcceded, but has actually fallen
behind, the rate of progress of any equal
period of years previous to the change. The
simple truth is, that for more than five cen-
turies British policy defended her productive
enterprises, as well as her commerce, against
all competition by whatever severity of import
duties and discriminative rates which seemed
necessary, and having by this means fought
her way into such perfection and power as she
is capable of, and having nothing more to
gain by the policy which made her what she
is, she abandons it and decries its policy,
utility, and necessity, and uses every agcncy
which she can command to dissuade the
nations whom she would hold in industrial-
vassalage from adopting in their own defense
the very system that has made her fortunes.
Her business is manufacturing; her progress
depends upon it; she must extend it, ana her
manufactures for foreign use include opinions
as well as commodities; she must have for-
eign markets, and these she cannot have if
foreign nations will do their own work and
defend their domestic industry as determinedly
as they defend their territory against foreign
invasion.
Six hundred years ago, in 1331, England
commenced her system of protection in the
form of absolute protection of the export of
her own wool, then the best and most abun-
dant in Europe, and of the import of cloth, of
which till then Flanders had the monopoly in
European commerce; and she continued the
system, under many modifications adapted to
the exigencies of her manufacturing history, at
every change increasing thfe efficiency of her
tariff, until it culminated in 1819 in an aver-
age protection of fifty per cent, on all articles
competing with her staple products except
manufactures of leather, printed cottons, and
earthenware, which carried seventy-five per
cent..; bar iron, fifty-seven and three quarters
per cent.; plain white cottons, sixty-seven per
cent.; and silk manufactures, embroidery, and
leather gloves, in which Franca had tha mastery
