THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
cations of voters, he cites from Elliott's Debates
tke following declaration of Mr. Madison: .
" Some States might regulate tho elections on the
principle of equality, and. others might regulate them
otherwise. This diversity would be obyiously unjust.
Elections are regulated now un nqually in some States,
•particularly South Carolina, -with respect to Charles-
ton, which has a representation of thirty members.
Should ike people of any State by anyniean^ be deprived
of the right of suffrage, it teas judged proper that it
should be remedied by the General Government."
Underthat declaration lie teaches this House,
and, through the House, the country, what I
regard as the dangerous doctrine that there is
no absolute right left to a State in this Union to
. prescribe the qualifications of voters within that
State. I repudiate it as a construction of the
Constitution; I repudiate it as a proper con-
struction of the language of Mr. Madison; and
I ask the attention of theHouse to it, especially
of those who are accustomed to regard the opin-
ions of Madison, Jefferson, Hamilton, and the
framers of the Constitution as controlling guides
in the construction of that instrument. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania failed to read
that other clause of tho Constitution preceding
the one which he quoted, which declares ex-
pressly that—
"The House of Representatives shall bo composed
ofmembers chosen every second year by tho people
of the several States, ana the electors in each State shall
haw: the qualifications requisite for electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature."
He therefore assumes that this express decla-
ration of the Constitution of the United States
is overruled by that general declaration that the
"manner" of the election ofmembers of Con-
bress may be controlled by the Congress of the
United States.
_ Now, sir, perhaps, the first question to con-
sider is what is the proper rule for the construc-
tion of the Constitution; and I appeal to the
gentleman's own authority upon that subject,
namely, President Madison. Mr. Madison, in
a letter to Mr. Hurlbert, dated May, 1830, which
is to be found in the fourth volume of the works
of Madison, page 73, gives tho rule in the follow-
ing language:
'* I refer particularly to tho construction you seem
to put 011 tho introductory clauso, 'we, the people,'
&c„ and on tho phrases' common defenso and general
welfare.'"
And let me say, Mr. Speaker, we have been
very apt for tho last few years to assume that
wo have very wide powers indeed under these
general introductory phrases of the Constitu-
tion. Mr. Madison says what was meant by
them in the following language :
" Either of these, if taken as a measure of tho pow-
ers of tho Gonera.1 Government, would supersede the
elaborate specifications which compose the body of
tho instrument, in contravenlion to the fairest rules
of mterpretat ion. And if X am 1 o answer your appeal
to mo as :l witness, J must say that tho real measure
of the powers meant to bo granted to Congress by tho
Convention, as X understood and believe, is to be
sought in the specifications _(o be expounded, indeed,
not with iho strictness a.pp!ied lo an ordinary statute
by a court of law, nor, on the other baud, with a lati-
tudes, that, in Iho namoof means tor carrying into ex-
ecution a limited Government, would transform it into
a Government without limits."
That was the declaration of Mr. Madison, and
the rule (hat, in his judgment, ought to guide
us in the interpretation of the Constitution. 1
put it to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that
Mr. Madison never intended that "this general
declaration in regard to "time, place, arid man-
ner" was to supersede the explicit declaration
of the Constitution that left the regulation of
the suffrage as a reserved right to the States.
_ But, sir, I am not left merely to the declara-
tion of the rule of construction by Mr. Madison.
I cite from, tho same letter the following decla-
ration :
"States can,_ through forms of tho constitutional
elective provisions,control the G-cneral <rovemment.
iDistthebrenerul (government j has no agency in elect-
ing ouito governments, and can only control them
through the functionaries, particularly the Judiciary,
oi tne GrcucraL Government."
1 has he expressly repudiates the idea that wo
can interfere in the election of State govern-
ments, and declares that they, by their consti-
tutions fixing the qualifications of voters, may
control the C! cneral Government as far as it may
be controlled by prescribing the qualifications
of electors.
Well, sir, if itis still doubted or disputed that
my statement of the views of Mr. Madison is
correct, I will ask the Clerk to read from the Fed-
eralist the declaration of Mr. Madison, which
entered into the consideration of the country
at the time it adopted the Constitution of the
United States, that they may learn explicitly
that President Johnson was not in error, and
that this very dangerous power was not conceded
to the General G overnment. I refer to the pas-
sage, from paper No. 52 of the Federalist, writ-
ten by Mr. Madison, touching the proper con-
struction to be given to that clause. It reenforees
the opinion of Mr. Madison, in 1830, by his de-
liberate construction given prior to the adoption
of the Federal Constitution.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"From the more general inquiries pursued in the
four last papers I pass on to a more particular exam-
ination of the several parts of the Government. I
shall begin with tho lXouse of Xteprescntalives. The
first view to be taken of this part of the Government
relates to the qualifications of the electors and the
elected. Those of the former are to be the same with
those of the electors of tho most numerous branch in
the State, Legislatures. The definition of the right of
suffrage is very justly regarded as the fundamental
principle of republican government. It was incum-
bent on tho Convention, therefore, to define and es-
tablish this right in the Constitution. To havelcft it
open tor the occasional regulation of Congresswould
have been improper, for the reason just mentioned ;
and for the additional reason that it would have ren-
dered too dependent on the State governments that
branch ofthe federal Government which ought to be
dependent on tho people alono. To havercduccdtho
different regulations in the ditforent States to one uni-
form rulo would probably have been as dissatisfactory
to some ofthe States as it would have been difficult
to the Convention. The provision made by the Con-
vention appears, therefore, to bo the best that lay
within their option. It must be satisfactory to every
State, because it is conformable to tho standard al-
ready established or which inay'bo established by the
State itself. It will be safe to the United States, bc-
causo, being fixed by the State constitutions, it is not
alterable by the State governments, and it cannotbe
feared that tbepeoplcof the States will alter this part
of their constitution in such manner as to abridgotlio
rights secured to them by the Federal Constitution."
Mr. KASSON. Now, Mr. Speaker, it is evi-
dent that something else than the direct repeal
of the- explicit clause quoted by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] was meant
by Mr. Madison in his declaration made in the
convention of Virginia. It is evident that by
the word "manner" is meant something else;
perhaps whether by ballot or vita voce, by gen-
eral ticket or by separate districts, and all other
things that come properly under the term "man-
ner." But it evidently was never intended by
Mr. Madison, or by tho framers of the Consti-
tution, or by the people when they adopted it,
that tho Legislatures and conventions of the
several States might be deprived of the power
to say who should bo the qualified electors of
tho State Legislatures, and indirectly tho qual-
ified electors of members of Congress ; and the
declarations! have cited, made at the time of
the adoption ofthe Constitution, andagain some
forty years afterwards, are ample to show that
fact.
I speak with more seriousness upon this sub-
ject, because in time of war I am for a construc-
tion of the Constitution favorable to effective
powerintheGcncral Government. Itis neces-
sary that there shall be central power and vigor
in its operations at that time ; but in time of
peace I am equally for the powers of the States,
and all doubtful constructions to be given in
tavor of the States for the preservation of that
municipal liberty which is the very foundation
of the grand national liberty attempted to be
secured by the Constitution ofthe United States.
Mr. KKLLEY. "Will tho gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kassox] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. KASSON. Certainly.
Mr. KKLLEY. The gentleman says that it
is very evident that Mr. Madison did not mean
what I suggested. "Will he permit me briefly to
recall Mr. Madison's own language to his at-
tention in this respect? And I will add, the
subject which he was discussing was entirely
apart fromthe question, whethorthevote should
be by ballot or ciat nice, which he had discussed
elsewhere, when Mr. Madison says this:
"Some of the States might regulate the elections
on the principles of equality ;uud others might regu-
late thera otherwise. This diversity would be obvi-
ously unjust. Elections are regulated now unequally
in some of the States, particularly South Carolina,
with respect, to Charleston, which has a representa-
tion of thirty members. Should the people of any
State, by any moans, be deprived ofthe right of suf-
frage, it was adjudged proper that it should bo rem-
edied by the General Government."
The question was not, I repeat, whether the
people should vote by ballot or viva voce; but
whether the people could be deprived of the
right of suffrage, and if they were so deprived
whether the General Government could not
remedy the evil. Again, he says :
"Itwas found necessary to lea.ve the regulation of
this, in the first jilace, to the State governments, as
being best acquainted with the situation of the peo-
ple, subject to the control of the General Government, in
order to enable it to produce uniformity."
And finally he said:
"Were they exclusively under the control ofthe
State governments, tho General Government might
easily be dissolved. But if they be regulated properly
■ by the State Legislatures, tho congressional control
will very probably never be exercised. The power ap-
pears to me satisfactory, and as unlikely tobe abused
as any part of the Constitution."
I have sent for, and hope to obtain, another
extract, which, should I do so, I will ask leave
to submit during the course of the remarks of
the gentleman from Iowa. It as directly pointed
to the question of tho right of suffrage as the
citations I have submitted.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, this is but a
renewed declaration of the statements which
the gentleman made the other day, and which
are so explicitly controverted by the direct lan-
guage of Mr. Madison upon the other clause of
which I speak. I say that prima facie "man-
ner" does not embrace electoral qualifications,
and it is absurd to declare that the Constitu-
tion intended, or that Mr. Madison understood
the Constitution as intending, by the word
"manner," to give to Congress the right to
prescribe the qualifications of electors, in the
face of tho direct declaration that those qualifi-
cations were to be the same as those of electors
of tho most numerous branch of the State Legis-
lature. I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania
whether he does now and here maintain that
Congress has the right to prescribe the qualifi-
cations of electors of the most numerous branch
of the State Legislature of Pennsylvania.
Mr. ICELLEY. I do affirm, promising to
produce quotations sustaining the affirmation,
that James Madison did maintain that Congress
had that right; that, inasmuch as it had the
right to regulate the question of suffrage, and
as those who voted for the lower branch of the
State Legislature were to vote for officers of the
United States Government, Congress had the
right to determine who might thus vote. I un-
happily have not the authority by me; but I
will produce it.
Mr. KASSON. I am very glad, Mr. Speaker,
that the issue is now sharp and well defined 
Mr. ROGERS. Will the gentleman from
Iowa yield to me a moment, that I may ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania a question?
Mr. KASSON. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to explain what, according to his
view, is the meaning of the first clause of the
second section of the first article of the Con-
stitution, which reads thus:
"Tho Xlouso of Representatives shall be composed
ofmembers chosen every second } car bj tho people of
the several States, and the electors ill each State shall
have tne qualifications requisite for electors ofthe
most numerous branch of the State Legislature."
Mr. KASSON. Tho gentleman-from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] is not perhaps aware
that 1 read that clause as tho foundation of my
interlocution with the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania.
Mr. ROGERS. But the gentleman from
Pennsylvania has not undertaken to say what
that clause means, why it is there, what its
object is.
Mr. KASSON. I understand him to say that,
although it is there, the Congress of the United
States has the right, under the other clause, to
change it.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir. I mean to say that
James Madison said that to give effect to all tho
provisions of the Constitution, and pointing
