3220
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 16,
first, the demands of the people are relatively
few and simple.. As society advances; and
population and intercourse increase, improve-
ments in the facilities and manner of 'trans-
portation keep pace with them. Hence, the
General Government has hitherto come after
and not gone before these improvements in
the extension of its mails. Shall it change
this policy now, when the country is every-
where covered with a network of highways
and railroads, and the people -and States are
everywhere inviting it to make them "post
roads?" Shall it now enter into the business
of constructing railroads and canals in order
to provide ways over which to carry its mails ?
Is it necessary-for it to usurp the control of
the railroads and highways, established and
constructed under the auspices of the States,
in order to protect its postal service ? These
railroads and many other highways are pri-
vate property.
It was thought necessary by the framers of
our Constitution to insert an express provision
to enable the United States to exercise abso-
lute jurisdiction over ten miles square for a
seat of Government, and over such places as
should be ceded by the States for forts, arse-
nals, and other purposes. It would seem
incredible that such solicitude should have
existed about such inconsiderable spots, and
yet that those great men should have been
willing to confer the power to construct all
kinds of highways throughout the country, with
the consequent right to take great portions of
the soil of the States and exercise exclusive
jurisdiction over the same. There does not
now and never did, and never can, exist a
shadow of necessity or rational pretext for the
inauguration of such a system, if inaugurated
it could not fail, sooner or later, to prove fatal
to the well-being of both Governments. But
if I concede the power to build a highway for
a ''post road'' it does not follow that Congress
may create great corporations, with millions
of capital, to erect all kinds of highways in
the States for private gain, to be subject to the
exclusive control and jurisdiction of the Uni-
ted States. Ft requires a most liberal charity
not to believe that private gain, and not the
interests of the postal service, is the inspiring
motive in these measures. The power asserted
ill this scries of ])ills to do these tilings is wholly
unparalleled in the history of our Government.
Why are they attempted now? Is it not done
to subordinate the States more completely to
the powers in this Capitol ?
Does the power to regulate commerce "among
the several States'' authorize this kind of legis-
lation? it is claimed that it does. This power
has been the subject of frequent, and elaborate
discussion in the courts of the country, and it
has received judicial interpretation in many
cases. If the word commerce in this provision
is to receive its largest and most comprehen-
sive signification, then, indeed, the argument
is with the frieuds of these measures, because
thus defined it embraces nearly all the trans-
actions and intercourse of human beings in
society. But this definition has never been
claimed or approved by any court or intelli-
gent citizen. It has always been held to refer
only to those public and business transactions
and relations which affect the citizens of differ-
ent States in their intercourse with each other.
Many of the laws of a State may affect com-
merce in a greater or less degree and yet not
be in conflict with the power of Congress.
This provision was designed to secure to the
States a complete equality in commercial rights.
No State has the power by her laws regulating
her internal commerce, or the transaction of
commercial business over her great public or
corporate highways, to impose restrictions or
burdens upon the citizens of one State which
she does not alike impose upon those of all
the States. She cannot discriminate against
any State or section, but her laws and regula-
tions must effect all alike who come within
their operation.
InthecaseofGibbons s. Ogden, (OWheaton,
J3,) Chief Justice Marshall, in speaking of the
right of a State to enforce its inspection laws,
says:
" Thoy form a portion of that immenso mass of
legislation which embraces everything within the
territory of a State not surrendered to the Ueneral
Government; alt which can be most advantageously
exercised by the Rtntes themselves. Inspection laws,
quarantine laws, health laws of every description,
as well as laws for regulating the internal commerce
of a State, and those which respect turnpike roads,
ferries, &o„ are component parts ot this mass.
In many other decisions by the same court,
substantially the same language is employed,
and the same doctrine held. There is believed
to be no opinion in the entire range of State
and Federal decisions which is inconsistent
with the one expressed by Judge Marshall.
And not one of the great statesmen of our
country has every put 011 record a contrary
opinion, excepting always the bolder, but not
wiser leaders of the dominant party of this day.
In that great argument submitted by Mr. Ham-
ilton to President Washington, already referred
to, he, the great leader of the latitudinarian
school of statesmen, denied to the General
Government all authority to make any work of
internal improvement requiring the appropria-
tion by it of any part of the soil or territory
of the States without their consent. Thomas
Jefferson, another of the great sages of the
Republic, seems to have been sadly behind the
learning of this age. Ho, too, always denied
the existence of any such power, and, in a
message to Congress, recommended the pro-
posal of a constitutional amendment for the
adoption of the States, expressly granting it.
Mr. Madison, too, unsurpassed in wisdom and
practical statesmanship, and the zealous friend
of railroads, canals, and other improvements,
was equally confident that this power did not
exist, and could not be exercised without the
aid of an amendment. Albert Gallatin, scarcely
inferior to any in the great qualities of the
early fathers, in his masterly report to Con-
gress, in 1808, reviewing this whole subject,
used the following language:
" The manner in which the public moneys may bo
applied to such objects, remains to bo considered.
" It is evident that the United States cannot under
the Constitution open any road or canal without the
consent of the .State through which such load or canal
must pass. In order, therefore, to remove every im-
pediment to a national plan of internal improve-
ments, an amendment to the Constitution was sug-
gested by tho Executive [referring to Mr. Jefferson]
when the subject was recommended to the consider-
ation of Congress. Until this bc>obtained, the assent
of the State being necessary for each improvement,
the modifications undor which that assent may be
given will necessarily control tho manner of apply-
ing the money."
Justice McLean, of whom it is not unjust to
say that lie was the foremost of our Federal
judges of his time in the liberal construction
of the powers of Congress, in his opinion in the
Rock Island bridge case, 0 McLean, 524, re-
ferring to the powers in question, said:
"Under the commercial powor Congress may de-
claro what shall constitute an obstruction or nui-
sance by a goneral regulation, and provide for its
abatementby indictmcntorinformation through the
Attorney General; but neither under this power, nor
undor tho power to establish post roads, can Congress
construct a bridge over navigable water. This be-
longs to tho local or State authority within which
tho work is to be done. But this authority must bo
so exorcised as not materially to conflict with the
paramount power to regulate commerce.
" Ef Congress can construct a bridge over a naviga-
ble water under the power to regulate commerce or
to establish post roads, on the same principle it may
make turnpikes or railroads throughout the coun-
try. Tho latter power has generally been considered
as exhausted in the designation of roads on which the
mails are to be transported; and tho former by the
regulation of commerce upon the high seas, and upon
our rivers and lakes. If these limitations are to be
departed from there can he. no others except the discre-
tion of Congress."
I might multiply such great authorities as
these, but it cannot be nceessary. These great
men were at the birth of our .Republic, and,
guided and protected by their wisdom and
patriotism, it grew great and powerful, and
inspired mankind everywhere with new hope,
and furnished them a great example. If it
is competent for the human mind to compre-
hend the just meaning of language or the true
intent of law, it must be that that capacity
was possessed by these men. Their interpre-
tations are almost equal as authority to the
highest judicial decisions. The Representa-
tive who, having sworn to support the Consti-
tution, should make them his guides as to its
true meaning could notgo far astray, and would
certainly shun the wild chimeras and crotchets
and mere partisan dogmas of this day.
I will yield to the temptation to refer to one
other decision of our Supreme Court, (Veazie
vs. Moor, 14 Howard's Reports, 573,) because it
is the latest, having been made in 1852, and is
the unanimous judgment of the judges then on
the bench of that court, who were Chiei Jus-
tice Taney and Justices McLean, "Wayne, Ca-
tron, Daniel, Nelson, Grier, and Curtis. In
discussing the power of Congress to regulate
commerce with foreign nations and among the
several States, the court says:
"The phrase can never be applied to transactions
wholly internal, between citizens of the same com-
munity, or to a polity and laws'whose ends and pur-
poses and operations are restricted to the territory, and
soil and jurisdiction of such community. Nor can it
be properly concluded that because the products of
domestic enterprise in agriculture or manufactures,
or in the arts, may ultimately become the subjects
of foreign commerce, the control of the means or
the encouragements by which enterprise is fostered
and protected, is legitimately within the import of
the phrase foreign commerce, or fairly implied in any
investituie of the power to regulate such commerce.
A pretension as far reaching as this would extend to
contracts between citizen and citizen of the same
State, would control the pursuits of the planter, the
grazier, the manufacturer, the mechanic,_ the* im-
mense operations of the collieries and mines and
furnaces of the country; for there is not one of these
avocations tho results of which may not become the
subjects of foreign commerce, and be borne either by
turnpikes, canals, or railroads from pointto point within
the several States, toward an ultimate destination,
like the one above mentioned. Such a pretention
would effectually prevent or paralyze every effort at
internal improvement by the several States; for it
cannot bo supposed that the States would exhaust
their capital and their credit in the construction of
turnpikes, canah, and railroads, the remuneration de-
rivablcfrom which, and all control over which, might
be immediately wrested from them, because such public
works xcould be facilities for a commerce, which, while
availing itself of those facilities, was unquestionably
internal, although intermediately or ultimately it
might become foreign.
"Tho rule here given with respect to the regulation
of foreign commerce equally excludes from the regula-
tion of commerce between the States and the Indian tribes,
the control over turnpikes, canalstrailroadst or the clear-
ing and deepening of water-courscs exclusivehj within
the States, or the management of the transportation upon
and by means of such improvements. Tho design and
object of that power, as evinced in the history ot the
Constitution, teas to establish a per feet equality among
the several States as to commercial rights, and to pre-
vent unjust and invidious distinctions which local jeal-
ousies or local and partial interests might be disposed
to introduce and maintain. These were the views
pressed upon the public attention by the advocates
for the adoption of the Constitution, and in accord-
ance therewith have been tho expositions of this
instrument propounded by this court."
These views constitute a triumphant and
authoritative refutation of the whole system
of legislation to which I refer. Their state-
ments are so clear and reasonable as to elicit
approval from every unprejudiced mind. Their
correctness becomes painfully apparent when
we follow the opposite doctrines to their re-
sults. Admit these extraordinary powers to
exist in Congress, and then let any intelligent
man ask his own judgment what Congress may
not do under their cover. It can go into the
States and take from their hitherto undisputed
control and regulate by its own laws and agents
the chief highways of the States, and such others
as it may see fit to authorize j it may assume
absolute control in that way of a great part of
the corporate and other property of the citi-
zens of the State ; and thus, without reducing
the burdens, immensely diminish the revenues
of the State, and thereby greatly increase the
burdens of the people. No sane man needs,
in these days of reckless extravagance and of-
ficial iniidelity, to be told that the vast interests
and property to be affected by the legislation
in question can be infinitely better managed
under the auspices of the States and of indi-
viduals than under any possible system of Fed-
eral management. It is equally apparent that
this incessant absorption of State power and
jurisdiction by the General Government can-
not fail to weaken the former and instruct their
citizens to look here for that care and protec-
tion which until now they have obtained at
home, and rapidly to loosen the bonds of their
