1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
It will benefit the man in Illinois just "as much ij
as (he man in New England. There is 110 dif- !
fcrcnce. Then, why this outcry against New |
England? Our farmers are really more exposed |
to the competition of Canada than the West. I
Why, when you come to the protection of New
England, our place of consumption is at home,
and that is our greatest protection. The West
will have it in due time. The giant is already
born and will wax in strength until it eclipses
New England altogether. Ten cents upon
corn might be to the same advantage in New
England that it would be in Ohio or in Illinois:
but corn in New England being worth $1 25
a bushel, protection cannot of course overcome
the distance so that corn in Illinois will bring
the same price, but it will receive the benefit
of ten cents, and that is all New England corn
receives.
It does look to me as though we were con-
tending for very inconsiderable matters. If
the gentleman from Maryland [Mr. F. Thomas]
and the gentleman from Pennsylvania [ Mr.
Kelley] will examine the propositions which
have been made they will sec that their con-
stituents are to gain actually by the proposi-
tion which has been made, if Congress should
adopt, it, in connection with this, in relation to
the abrogation of direct tax on coal and indi-
rect. tax on freight.
Mr. H (J BBARD, of West Virginia. I with-
draw the amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 move to amend by striking
out on page 2, line twenty-one, "fifty cents,''
and inserting ''$1 25;" so that it will read:
"On bituminous coal, SI 25 per ton."
Mr. Chairman, I leave all but bituminous
coal out. I am willing that thp reduction to
twenty-five cents per ton on anthracite and all
other coals shall remain.
Mr. MO RRILL. As they do not import any.
Mr. STEVENS. I do that because "Penn-
sylvania's chief interest lies in her anthracite
coal-fields.
Now, sir, I object to this whole bill upon
general principles, and therefore 1 have made
an amendment to conform to the present, gen-
eral rate in the tariff. I object to special legis-
lation for special countries or special classes.
I think it is introducing a most vicious system.
If you are to legislate for Canada upon one
particular subject, you may legislate for St.
Thomas on another, for Cuba on another, for
South America on another, and then where
has your general tariff bill gone to? You frit-
ter it away-until you have no general principle
to stand upon ; but you are making piecemeal
tariffs for particular favorite neighbors, and not
for particular favorite States.
Now, sir, I go upon the question of revenue,
and I am' not alarmed at the competition of
foreign bituminous coal, for 1 do not think it
would make much difference. I think under
the tariff of SI 25 our New England friends
would use just as much Pictou coal as they will
under a tariff of fifty cents or as they do now.
I think they will use and import as much lrom
Liverpool as they do now.
The only ditference will be one which I
greatly regret, namely, that the manufacturers,
the gas companies, and others, will pav a reve-
nue.according to last year's importations, of
$338,000 more upon that coal than they will
under the tariff' of fifty cents per ton. Now, I
regret this very much. I wish that these enter-
prising gentlemen could get the coal for noth-
ing it the revenue would allow it. But as a
revenue question, you are throwing away about
half a million dollars. No, you are not throw-
in? it away; you are bestowing it upon the
most worthy people in the world, men who
need encouragement. I am sorry that wc
must raise this revenue; lint as we do have to
raise it from every part of the counrry, and on
everything that comes either from Pennsylva-
nia or any other quaiter, I am afraid our friends
will have to bear this loss. _
Now, sir, as to gaming fisheries by^this. my
friend has taken the true grounds He repu-
diates the idea that was once contended for
in the reciprocity treaty, and partly gi\en up,
that the fish that swim within a marine league
of the shore of another country are not to be
caught by our fishermen. T he idea, that you
are to be excluded from your fisheries in these
vast bays by running a line from headland to
headland instead of going around by riie shore,
it seems to me, is against all the publicists that
I have ever read on the subject, and a prin-
ciple which cannot be maintained. I admit
that there is one advantage. Although you
can go there and catch the fish, you are not
permitted to land them unless these gentlemen
who want your custom will allow it. That is
the only thing you gain by it, and the gentle-
man from Maine [Mr. Pike] says his constitu-
ents do not want that.
I therefore say yon gain nothing, but you
make a concession by giving up a great prin-
ciple in the law of nations, namely, the right
to fish anywhere on God's highway except
within a marine league of shore; although by
this you give up the idea of drawing a line from
headland to headland, and keeping out a thou-
sand miles within that straight line.
For all these reasons 1 am opposed to this
whole bill, and propose to have a vote taken
upon this amendment. We may as well test
the sense of the House in regard to the prin-
ciples of the bill now on this amendment, un-
less the gentleman from Vermont [Mi\ Mor-
rill] chooses to do ii on another, in which
case I am willing to withdraw it.
Mr. MORRILL. As ill's vote will undoubt-
edly test the question, 1 desire to say a word
or two more in relation to the matter.
Mr. Chairman, I trust that the bill will pass
even if this amendment should be made, be-
cause there are some slips and vacancies in the
present law that this bill would remedy, and so
it would be proper that it should pass, even
with the amendment of the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] or that of the
gentleman from Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas.]
But it does seem to me that if wc are pos-
sessed of oven ordinary perception and caudor
we shall be willing to admit that there were
some thimrs in that reciprocity treaty of practical
benefit which were conceded to u«. And are
gentlemen going on the ground that they will
flout, and refuse even those conditions in our
favor that are contained in the latter end of the
bill, and say, " We will reject and have nothing
to do with you?"
It seems* to me that there are evidently some
tilings that were conceded in the reciprocity
treaty which arc desirable to be retained in this
bill;"for instance, the fisheries near shore, the
privilege of cutting our timber and floating
it through provincial territory into our own
jurisdiction again, the privilege of canals, and
the navigation of the St. Lawrence, and we
ought to be willing at least, I think, to ac-
knowledge there were some things which
were in our favor in that treaty. And let me
say that in return, the things upon which any
special legislation is asked, and that very "light,
is in relation to fi-.li and coal. Jft.hr- proposi-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
StevexsJ shail prevail, then there is not left in
the bill a single argument upon which any pro-
vincial man could urge upon his own people
the adoption of any of the privileges and con-
ditions which we demand at their hands. That
is all I have to say about it.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment bv reducing the duty to $1 '2->.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
is to strike out the word '-fifty," and insert in
lieu thereof "$1 25," upon which debate is
exhausted.
Mr. DENNY. I move to amend Iheamend-
, nient of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
II Stevens] by striking out twenty-five" and
ij inserting "thirty," so that it will read "one
H dollar and thirty ceuts per ton."
j! Mr. STEVENS. Is that motion in order?
!I Mine was an amendment to an amendment.
|| The CHAIRMAN. "The Chair understands
I that tin; original motion of the gentleman from
ii Maryland [Mr. P. Thomas] was to strike out
the clause relating to duty on coal. The mo-
tion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] is for the purpose of perfecting the
clause before the motion to strike out is put.
The motion of the gentleman from Washington
Territory [Mr. Dexny] to amend the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania is in
order.
Mr. DENNY. Mr. Chairman,Ihavenoticed,
in listening to the discussion upon this bill, so
far as it relates to coal and lumber particularly,
that it seems to be regarded as applying espe-
cially to those interests in the Atlantic region
of the country. I wish to say that it applies
with equal force to the interests of the far-off
Pacific coast. In the Territory which I rep-
resent here, the Territory of Washington, we
have an extensive coal-field, and we are endeav-
oring to develop that interest. But as the
original bill stands we will be wholly without
that protection which is necessary to enable us
to do so. I hope therefore this provision as it
now stands, or as it is proposed to amend it,
will not pass this House.
1 do not propose to enter into the discussion
of this question, even to the extent of the five
minutes which I understand to be allowed. I
simply rise for the purpose of stating the naked
fact that this bill does interest the extreme
Northwest, perhaps equally as much as it does
the East and the Noitheast. I now withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew the amendment to the
amendment made by the gentleman from Wash-
ington Territory, [Sir. Dexxy,] and I do it for
the purpeme of noticing the remark of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means [Mr.
Morrill] in relation to the removal of the tax
upon the transporta! ion of railroads. He gives
that as an insuperable argument against, any
claim made here for protection on coal. I
desire to say that the gentlesuan has overlooked
the fact that from central and northern Penn-
sylvania there are lines of water communica-
tion by which the city of New York can be
reached; and from many of the coal-fields there
there is a short transit by railway to the water
transportation. And therefore, inasmuch as
water communication makes it of far less cost
than the amount estimated by my friend, there
is an eminent reason why we should afford pro-
tection to our own interests against foreign
competition.
I do not urge this in any spirit of hostility to
the British Provinces, and 1 regret exceedingly
to hear upon this lloor intimations which look
as if we were legislating in a spirit of indigna-
tion or resentment. I liave no such feeling.
But I think it is the duty of the American Con-
gress to protect and foster the interests of Amer-
ican citizens. We can never pay the vast pub-
lic debt which burdens this country unless we
supply our citizens with opportunities to labor.
And when the question is between British labor
and American labor, I shall be compelled to
advocate and maintain the interests ot my own
constituents.
I now withdraw the amendment to the amend-
ment.
Mr. LYNCH. If it is in order I move t.0
amend the amendment by striking out from line
twenty-one to line twenty-five inclusive, and
inserting after line nine, on page 0, the words,
"coal, coke, and culm of coal."
The CHAIRMAN. The only amendment
in order at this time is one to the_ amendment
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] which is to strike out ''fifty"and insert
u $1 25 "
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "$1 25," and insertmgm
lieu thereof the word " free." _
My reason for offering this amciidnicrvt is
that," according to the statement of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Morrill,] the internal revenue bill which
is to-be brought in will give to this coal interest
a much greater advantage than any protection
which this bill would afford, even with the duty
of SI 25 proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. The Committee of Ways and Means
