1866/
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4131
purchase a certain tract of land in the Stock-
bridge reservation, Wisconsin;
A joint resolution (S. 11. No. 86) to provide
for the publication of the Official History of the
Rebellion; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) for the
relief of Charles M. Blake.
reports of committees.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 719) to punish certain crimes in relation
to the public securities and currency, reportefl
it without amendment.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (H. R.
No. 408) to provide for the suits, judgments,
and business of the United States provisional
court for the State of Louisiana, reported it
without amendment.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 588) for the relief of
Richard Ckenery—to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
A bill (H. R. No. 788) to establish and pro-
tect national cemetaries—to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 200) author-
izing the Secretary of War to settle with the
Territory of Colorado for the Militia of said
Territory employed in the service of the Uni-
ted States in the years 1864 and 1865—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A' joint resolution (H. R. No. 201) for the
relief of the officers of the thirteenth regiment
of the United States colored heavy artillery—
to the Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 202) in rela-
tion to brevet appointments and commissions
in the United States Army—to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) author-
izing the Secretary of War to contract with Dr.
Alexander Dunbar—to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 204) to reim-
burse Mrs. Mary Phelps, of Missouri—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 205) for the
erection of an equestrian statue to the mem-
ory of Brevet Lieutenant General Winfield
Scott—to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
tiie portland fire.
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the Sen-
ate proceeded to consider the amendment of
the House of Representatives to the joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 131) for the temporary re-
lief of the sufferers by the late fire in Portland,
in the State of Maine, which was in lino seven
to strike out " or" and insert " and."
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, the amend-
ment was concurred in.
examination of merchandise.
Mr. MORGAN, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 39) to amend the
acts relating to officers employed in the exam-
ination of imported merchandise in the district
of New York, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the tvyo Houses on bill of the Senate No. 39,
entitled "An act to amend the aotsrclatingto officers
employed in the examination of imported merchan-
dise in the district of New 1 ork," having met, after
full and tree conference, have agreed to recommend,
and do recommend, to their respective Houses as
follows:
That the Senate agree to the first, second, third,
fourth, fitth, and eighth amendments as made by the
House.
That the Senate agree to the ninth amendment
made by the House, with the following amendment:
insert, after theword " inspectors,"in the second line
of said amendment, the words "of customs in any
collection district shall;" and that the House agree
to said amendment.
That the House recede from the sixth and seventh
amendments made by them.
That the title of the bill be amended by adding
thereto the words "and for other purposes."
Z. CHANDLER,
E. D. MOItUAN,
GEORGE BEAD RIDDLE,
Managers on the part of tile Senate.
THOMAS D. ELIOT,
CHARLES O'NEILL,
W. RADFORD,
Managers on the part qftke Houxe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to know
what the report is.
Mr. MORGAN. The fnost important mat-
ter of difference was in relation to the salaries
of the appraisers. The Senate fixed the sal-
ary of the principal appraiser at $4,000, and
of the other appraisers at $3,000; the House
amended by fixing the salary of the principal
appraiser at $5,000, and of the others at S4,000.
The House recede and agree to the bill as
passed by the Senate in that respect. That
was the principal matter of disagreement; the
others were verbal. In relation to the time,
we make it the 1st of September.
The report was concurred in.
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had disa-
greed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H. R. No. 780) to protect
the revenue, had further insisted upon its disa-
greement to the amendments of the Senate to
the said bill, asked a further conference on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. James K. Mooriieau
of Pennsylvania, Mr. Justin S. Morrill of
Vermont, and Mr. Columbus Delano of Ohio,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed without
amendment the bill (S. No. 400) for the re-
moval of causes, in certain eases, from State
courts.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 693) for the relief of Robert
Baldwin ;
A bill (H. R. No. 801) authorizing the pay-
ment of the rewards offered by the President
of the United States and the officers of the War
Department in April and May, 1805, for the
capture of Jefferson Davis and the assassins
of the late President, Abraham Lincoln, and
the Secretary of State, Hon. William H. Sew-
ard ;
A bill (H. R. No. 806) more effectually to
preserve the neutral relations of the United
A bill (H. R. No. 809) to further regulate
the printing of public documents and for the
purchase of paper for the public printing; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 206) in rela-
tion to pensions of widows of revolutionary
soldiers.
executive session.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to proceed to the
consideration of House bill No. 756.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. I gave notice to the
Senate early this morning that it was neces-
sary tJ have an executive session for business
of the Committee on Indian Affairs. It has
now got to be nine o'clock, and I move that the
Senate proceed to the consideration of execu-
tive business.
The PRESIDENTjjroiempore. The motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island is super-
seded by the motion of the Senator from
Wisconsin that the Senate proceed to the con-
sideration of executive business.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to take up the
bill for the equalization of bounties.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I gave notice this morn-
ing that it was absolutely necessary to have an
executive session for the consideration of cer-
tain treaties, which must be considered this
evening or not at all; and there is other very
important business also to be attended to in
executive session. I must insist on my motion.
Mr. WILSON. I ask for the yeas and nays
on the motion to go into executive session. I
want to call up the House bill to equalize
bounties.
Mr. GRIMES. That is not the question.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Davis, Doolittle,
Edmunds, Pessendon, Foster, Grimes, Harris, lien,
derson, Hendricks, Morgan, Norton, Pomeroy, Ram-
sey, Ross, .Sherman, Van Winkle, and Willey—19.
NAY S—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Guthrie, Lane,
Poland, Sprague, Sumner, Wade, Williams, Wilson,
and Yates—11.
ABSENT—Messrs Anthony, Brown, Conness, Cow-
an, Cragin, Dixon,Fowler, Howard, Howe. Johnson,
Iiirkwood, McDousrall, Morrill, Nesmith, Nye, Rid-
dle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Trumbull, and Wright—20.
So the motion was agreed to.
After two hours spent in executive session,
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, July 26, 1866.
The House metateleveno'cloeka. m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boykton.
The Clerk commenced the reading of the
Journal of yesterday.
Mr. OUTH. I move that the further read-
ing of the Journal be dispensed with.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object.
The Clerk continued the reading of the
Journal.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to dispense with
the further reading of the Journal.
Mr. WENTWORTH, 1 object, and' shall
insist on my objection. There is a proposition
before the House to increase the salaries of
members of Congress to $5,000. My object
is to consume time and defeat that proposition.
The Clerk concluded the reading of the
Journal.
passengers by steam vessels.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Commerce, a
joint resolution to construe an act further to
provide for the safety of the lives of the pas-
sengers on board of vessels propelled in whole
or in part by steam, to regulate the salaries of
steamboat inspectors, and for other purposes;
which was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at length, >.
provides that the act which it proposes to con
strue shall not apply to boats used exclusively
as tugs or tow-boats.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read
the third time ; and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time and passed.
rebecca j. sheppard.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous eon-
sent to introduce a bill for the relief of Re-
becca J. Sheppard.
The bill, which was read for information,
authorizes the Secretary of the Treasury to
issue a new bond for $100, with coupons from
May 1, 1865. to Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Phil-
adelphia, in place of her coupon bond for a
like amount numbered twenty-nine thousand
six hundred and ninety-seven, fourth series,
loan of February 25, 1802, destroyed by fire.
Mr. COBB. I object.
amendment of the preemption laws, etc.
Mr. FRRRY, by unanimous consent; intro-
duced a bill amendatory of the preemption and
homestead laws; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that no existing provisoa
■ or construction of law shall operate in the State
of Michigan to the exclusion from the benefits
of the preemption or homestead laws of half-
breeds or other Indians, disconnected from
tribal relations, where such parties in all other
respects are able to meet the requirements of
those enactments.
Mr. FERRY. I will state that this confers
the benefits of the preemption and homestead
laws on the Indians in the States. It has the
approval of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office as well as of the Committee on
