3222
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
material for history hereafter, because it is the
statement of each of those leading generals of
the events of the war coming immediately un-
der his particular observation. The report of
the committee will be very incomplete unless
these reports be printed and bound in the same
way that the others were.
The resolution that I have offered is a con-
current resolution, because while we were a
committee everything done by us was done by
the concurrence of the two branches. I be-
lieve this report ought to be printed, and I
hope that it will be. I trust that the resolution
will pass. It will tend to complete the work
that wo wore engaged in, and it will to some
extent do justice to those who led our armies
principally in the West, who were very much
overlooked during that period by the com-
mittee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask the Senator
whether that will not come properly within
the purview of a resolution that was offered
(he other day for the printing of all the doc-
uments in relation to the war. If so, it is
hardly worth while to print it separately. I
do not make any opposition to the resolution.
I merely inquire for information.
Mr. WADE. [ am not able to say about
that; I do not, know.
Mr. FE6SKNDEN. The resolution that we
had up the other day provided for the printing
of everything relating to the war, and would
include all the reports of the various generals ;
and I think that resolution would cover the
printing of these reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. 'Thatresolution has been
suspended I understand.
Mr. WADE. 1 understand that the resolu-
tion providing for the printing of all matters
connected wiih the war lias been suspended
for the present. I do not know what will come
of that, norani I aware thatthese reports would
come within the purview of that resolution.
These reports were made to the committee on
the conduct of (he war, and would have been
embraced in their report and submitted with
it if they had come in earlier during the period
that the committee was in existence. I know
that some of these generals exerted themselves
very much in order to furnish these statements
in season, but, their multifarious cares and
engagements while in active service prevented
them from doing so. 1 presume that they will
be exceedingly interesting matter to the public.
They are not quite as technical as the reports
made to superior officers orto the Government,
but enter into all matters of interest in which
the public feel so much concern, and furnish
matter for history. If these state inents had
come in time they would have been made a
part of the report of the committee, and would
have given to I he doings of the western generals
that same notoriety among the people which
other officers obtained who were engaged in the
report of the committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did the other generals
make reports to the committee?
Mr. WADE. The other generals were ex-
amined mostly. 1 believe there were excep-
tions to that, where we wrote to generals to
make reports of what they were doing and
ivhat had been done; but generally the previous
reports contained examinations' under oath.
These are not of that nature : they are narra-
tives of the _ generals themselves, containing
statements just as authentic, I suppose, as
though they had been under oath, for they are
nil honorable men, and men of distinction. I
leave the matter with the Senate.
Mr. I1ESSENDEN. I think the resolution
had better lie over. It strikes me that this is
fuller an unusual proceeding. When the com-
i li I tee on the conduct of the war was organized
it was with a view to examine into matters of
question and report on things that seemed to
require elucidation. But this seems to be a
history of the western campaigns, about which
there was no question at all, and into which
there was no specific order to inquire. I do
not think it was the object of that committee j
to present a, history of the war. It was only 1
to inquire into matters which seemed to de-
mand inquiry on account of some supposition
that things had not been rightly conducted.
This, however, is a very different thing; it is
a mere statement by generals of their own per-
sonal experience. With regard to the previ-
ous statements reported by the committee, they
were mostly depositions—testimony taken un-
der oath. There were very few of those gen-
erals whose testimony was given in the previ-
ous reports that wrote any history of their own
transactions. I do not know that any question
has been raised in regard to the propriety of
conduct of any of the gentlemen who have
made these reports. The proposition requires
consideration because it would seem to involve
a considerable expense for printing. Jt strikes
me that it requires a little more consideration
than we can give it this morning.
Mr. WADE. What the Senator has stated
is mainly true, but not to the extent he has
stated. Many of these generals were written
to about matters interesting at the time and
tending to the same result that the inquiries
of the committee did upon matters which they
were investigating; but they had not time,
really, while they were acting in the field, to
write out their answers to the committee's in-
quiries in time to publish them to the world
with the rest. 'They are of the same character,
except that they are not under oath, with the
testimony of other generals, and are intended
to elucidate points that were in controversy to
some extent at the time. We did not ask them
to write history, but we asked an answer to
certain suggestions, long before the committee
ended its work; but these generals being in
the Held, engaged in active operations, had not
time to answer them; and now, when their an-
swers do come, I think they are interesting, and
I think it is due to them that they should bo
published.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Did they not make
their report to the Department ?
Mr. WADE. I suppose they did make the
usual kind of reports to the Department, but
they were not, probably, of the character of
these. They may have made dry and technical
statements such as are generally made to the
Department. I think, in justice to the gen-
erals who have taken the pains to write us these
statements, the public will be willing to defray
the expenses of their publication, and do not
wish to be debarred of the accounts which they
give of the transactions in which they bore so
prominent a part. I think tlie publication
ought to be made, but if the Senate judge other-
wise, so be it.
M>\ OfJTHRIE. I believe that these re-
ports ought to be published. Thai is my first
impression, and I do not put very much dis-
trust in the fact that they arc not sworn to, as
the others were. I think, however, the reso-
lution had better go over, so that we may have
a chance to think about it. I might come to a
different conclusion in twenty-four hours; but
I believe in having the, whole matter of the
operations of the Army published, including
the account which those having charge of the
operations in the West give of themselves.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not understand from
the Senator from Ohio whether any estimate
has been made in regard to the amount of this
work, how many volumes it will be, how ex-
pensive it will be, what amount of cost it
involves.
Mr. WADE. I am told by those who know
better than I do that these reports and some
that are expected to come in—for instance,
General Burnside has not quite finished his
report, but expects soon to send it in, and two
or three more of the leading generals expect
to do so—will probably make two volumes of
about the same size as those that were printed
by the committee on the conduct of the war,
or perhaps not quite as large.
Mi-. POMEROY. If it is only to be two
| volumes, perhaps we can stand it; but I did
j not, know, from the size of the documents on
I the Senator's desk, that it would not make
' half ,1 dozen volumes.
Mr. WADE. Not more than two, and rather
less in size than those we printed before. So
I am told.
The resolution was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOCSK.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills with amendments to each,
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 174) to establish a hydro-
graphic office in the Navy Department; and
A hill (S. No. 230) to reimburse the State
of West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pay-
ing military forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions without
amendment:
A bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Jona-
than Gordon, late major in the eleventh regi-
ment of infantry;
A bill (S. No. 278) for the relief of Captain
John H. Crowell, assistant quartermaster in
the United States Army ;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 71) referring
the petition and papers in the case of Joseph
Nock to the Court of Claims ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 85) explana-
tory of and in addition to the act of May 5,
180-1, entitled "An act granting lands to aid
in the construction of certain railroads in
Wisconsin.''
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills and joint resolutions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. 11. No. 156) to amend the ninth
section of the act entitled "An act to increase
the pay of soldiers in the United States Army,
and for other purposes
A bill (H. li. No. 474) for the relief of John
C. McFerran, of the United States Army ;
A bill (II. R. No. 540) in relation to claims
for horses turned over to the Government;
A hill (H. R. No. 641)forthe relief of Charles
M. Stout, late a second lieutenant in company
E, seventh regiment Pennsylvania Reserve
corps;
A. bill (H. R. No. 680) for the relief of cer-
tain officers in the volunteer service who failed
to make proper returns of stores and other
public property;
_ A bill (H. R. No. 681) for the relief of Celes-
tia P. Hart;
A bill (H. R. No. 682) for the relief of Cap-
tain John J. Young, of the United States
Navy;
A bill (H. II. No. 084) granting a pension to
Mrs. Mary A. McManus, widow of Captain
Andrew McManus, late of the sixty-ninth Penn-
sylvania volunteer infantry;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 79) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of the Interior to settle the
accounts of William A. West, as marshal of
the Territory of Nebraska;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 161) for the
relief of Captain A. B. Dyer;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 162) for the
relief of Charles M. Blake;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 363) for the
relief of Joseph Parkins ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 164) for the
relief of Fontaine T. Fox, jr.
SAMUEL NOKRIS.
Mr. BUCKALEW, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs, to whom was referred the me-
morial of Samuel Norris, submitted a repori
accompanied by a joint resolution for his relief.
The resolution was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That resolution is mere-
ly to refer the claim to the Court of Claims, and
1 believe the committee were unanimous about
it. I presented the petition of this party early
in the segsion, on behalf of a friend who was
