288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 15,
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I have answered
the question already by reading the resolution.
I have also stated the action of county conven-
tions, and the fact that different speakers took
different positions. What more can the gen-
tleman ask?
Mr. PRICE. Yes or no. [Laughter.]
Mr. KASSON. Well, sir, I do not see how
the gentleman will succeed in getting an answer
which involves the truth more effectually than
I have stated it now. Of course it was before
the people of the country when the people took
opposite sides upon it. What does the gentle-
man mean by asking me to give him an answer,
yes or no?
Mr. PRICE. I tried to get a straight answer
from you.
Mr. KASSON. Perhaps I ought to say to this
House, in view of this interpolation and its
temper, that during the holidays just past, my
colleague saw fit to address a meeting in his
town which adopted a resolution excepting the
humble member now speaking from an expres-
sion of its confidence. I will certainly answer
in all courtesy his questions, but of course
I must equally decline to have perpetual inter-
ruptions after I have answered them.
Mr. PRICE. I will not interrupt the gentle-
man any more. I will answer him whcnhe has
done.
Mr. KASSON. I resume, then. Theques-
tion of negro suffrage was put in that way, in-
volving the question of proper safeguards for
the purity of the ballot-box; and among those
safeguards, as I have shown by the declarations
of the leading Republican paper of that State
—an exceedingly radical paper—intelligence is
recognized as one. I appeal to gentlemen of
this House, especially those who were scholars
in the common schools of the country, if we
have not all learned from our childhood that
the very basis of security of a republican Gov-
ernment is found in the intelligence and virtue
of the people who control it. I have learned
that from my infancy, f cannot unlearn it at
the dictation of any man or set of men. 1 be-
lieve that the people control this Government.
I believe that if those people have not intelli-
gence to understand the policy and principles
of our Government to a reasonable extent, our
institutions are unsafe and liable to be upset.
I also believe in my heart and in my conscience
that if you make suffrage universal in certain
districts of the Uijion where ignorance actually
predominates, you have no security in those
districts that the institutions to which we arc
attached will retain their permanence.
Why, sir, look at those countries where mixed
bloods have controlled the Government by uni-
versal suffrage. Look at Mexico and the South
American republics, where revolutions are as
frequent almost as the revolutions of the sea-
sons. Look at, the Latin races of the world,
and where have they ever succeeded in estab-
lishing a permanent and reliable republican
Government controlled by the will of the peo-
ple?
Mr. STEVENS. Do I understand the gen-
tleman's argument to be only against ignorant
negro suffrage or equally against all ignorant
suffrage?
Mr. KASSOX. I was coming to that point
presently. I will say that my argument, mili-
tates against ignorance in the qualification of
electors wherever found. There is another
consideration, however, involved in its appli-
cation to existing electors of which I shall speak
presently.
Mr. KELLEY. With the gentleman's per-
mission I will ask him whether he believes that
the negro race has such mental or physical
superiority in this country that, being but five
million, it will, in spite of the fact that there is
no negro immigration and a very large white
immigration into the country, so diffuse itself
into the American people as to make us a mixed
race?
Mr. IvASSOiL If the gentleman will look
at the census of 18C0, he will find that in two
States at the South negroes have a numerical
majority, and that in other States they are so
nearly equal with the white population that a
few whites cooperating with them would be able
to secure for any purpose control of the State
government. That is my reply.
Take those countries where the blacks have
succeeded in securing their own Governments,
as in Hayti, and you find there revolution after
revolution; you find that in Hayti, instead of
establishing a republican form of government,
they have adopted an imperial form and sus-
tained an emperor at their head.
Now, sir, I state these things because they
are facts known to the members of this House.
I do not want to state mere opinions, to any
extent, in the debate upon this question. I state
the fact that this race of ours, known first as
the Caucasian, and subordinately as the Anglo-
Saxon, has developed the principles of self-
government, and has protected itself under
free institutions, more or less perfect, beyond
any other race, white or black, and beyond any
other modification of the Caucasian race; and
hcnce it is that I say we should be very careful
before, in any part of this country, we allow
the power of this Government to pass to another
race which has not yet developed its ability to
administer it.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to remark just in
connection with the gentleman's allusion to the
States in which revolutions occur so frequently,
that it seems to me that it was in view of a pos-
sible contingency of this kind, in the vastly ex-
panding area of the Union, that Madison and
the fathers provided that there should be a reg-
ulating power in the Government; so that if
any State degenerated toward monarchy, or im-
perialism, or anarchy, the hand of Congress
could be put upon it and the government be
restored to the hands of the majority of the
whole people.
Mr. KASSON. We left some time ago the
opinions of Mr. Madison and the fathers of the
country, and 1 must ask the gentleman to make
his interruptions upon the point of debate now
before the House. No one denies, nsT under-
stand it, that the Latin race, that the mixed
races of Indian and Latin, or the mixed race of
blacks and whites, or any other races, have de-
veloped, as the Anglo-Saxon race has done, the
power to govern itself, and to preserve the prin-
ciples of self-government after they have estab-
lished them. The gentleman does not deny
this, nor do I understand any gentleman to
deny—if there be one, I will give way to him
for the purpose—that in some parts of this coun-
try the negro race, if universally entitled to suf-
frage, would have absolute power, and in others
would have power, with the aid of afew whites,
to get control of the State governments and
modify them to the full extent allowed by the
Constitution of the United States.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr. Kaskox] yield to me for a moment,
and for the last time ?
Mr. KASSON. Very well.
Mr. KELLEY. I propose to ask the gentle-
man whether, if the colored man in those two
States, South Carolina and Mississippi, had had
the right of suffrage when the question of ordi-
nances of secession was submitted to the peo-
ple, he believes such ordinances of secession
would have been passed; or whether secession
was not carricd because suffrage was withheld
from the loyal masses of the people?
Mr. KASSON. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kellly,] if he must inter-
rupt me, will at least confine his interruptions
to the point under debate. I will trust that
much to his courtesy. He is entirely wide of
the point of debate now. I will come presently
to the principles which ought to be applied.
The colored residents of this District are com-
posed of two classes. One. the old residents of
the District, and the other the class of immigrat-
ing blacks who have come in mostly from the
States of Maryland and Virginia. Now, I do
not deny for a moment that a black, intelligent,
able to read and write, and paying taxes, has a
right to be represented. But while the princi-
ple upon which a great fundamental privilege
should be conferred will result in the admission
of a portion of the black race to the exercise of
the right of suffrage, let us also adopt a policy
statesmanlike and safe for the interests of our
country. The safety and well-being of the
blacks themselves depend upon your admitting
them to the exercise of this right by degrees,
and basing their exercise of the right of suffrage
upon their intelligence.
Much has been said here about the right of
suffrage being a natural right; that it is a right
pertaining to humanity to enable it to defend
itself in a free Government like ours. I call
the attention of gentlemen upon this floor to
the fact that if it be a natural right, indispeh-
sable to the preservation of the freedom of the
individual, and the preservation of equality be-
fore the law, then it is our duty to extend it
much beyond anyproposition that has been yet
presented to this House. So conscious of that
was that eminent and admirable orator and
logician, who spoke in this House some time
ago, as a representative of the Freedmen's
Aid Commission—1 refer to Rev. Henry Ward
Beecher—that he was obliged logo beyond the
question now before this House and declare
that women ought to be permitted to vote, be-
cause it was necessary to the exercise of a nat-
ural right. He went the whole length. And
I maintain that any gentleman of this House
must go the whole length, or else agree with me
that we have the right to qualify the electoral
system by declaring that certain qualifications
should exist in the electors of the country.
Now, sir, in prescribing these qualifications,
if you will look to the history of the country, you
will find that women have not been permitted
to vote, even after they have attained the age
of twenty-one years, although they might be un-
married, are taxed, and even hold offices under
the Government of the United States, and are,
in all other respects, equal before the law with
the men. You will find that equality before the
law does not mean the exercise of the right of
suffrage. Even service in the Army of the coun-
try does not give this right, for one fourth of
the gallant men composing the armies of the
United States atone time were men of less than
twenty-one years of age. If qualification to ex-
ercise the right of suffrage is to be determined
as a natural right, and to secure equality before
the law, you must let all of them vote, whether
twenty-one years of age or not. For a man old
enough to fight for his country ought to be old
enough to vote for his country.
Now, sir, I have for myself thought it proper
that we should fall back upon the declarations
of Mr. Lincoln and Thomas Jefferson upon this
subject. Mr. Lincoln's opinions are well known,
that the intelligent negro and the fighting negro,
of proper age, should be allowed to vote, the
first for his intelligence, the second for his mili-
tary service. Secondly, I would add the tax-
payer, because with taxation should go repre-
sentation.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 move that the time of the
gentleman [Mr. Kass'ox] be extended so as to
enable him to conclude his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Jefferson declared, as
follows:
"The true foundation of republican government is
the equal right of every citizen in his person and prop-
erty, :Lud in iheir management. Let every man who
fights or pays exercise his just and equal right in elec-
tion."
Again he says:
"Amongmen who either pay or fight for their coun-
try no line can be drawn."
Now, sir, without arguing this question at
length, I desire to state here, and to place my-
self upon record, that I am in favor of the Jef-
fersonian and Lincolnian proposition, and op-
posed to the extension of the right of suffrage
universally to everybody in the United States
of America. I am opposed to this bill, because
it does not exclude rebels from voting at the
elections in this District. I am opposed to it,
also, because it imposes no qualification at all
