1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4183
States, and ten alternate sections of land per
mile on each side of said railroad -whenever it
passes through any State." And Ss I said be-
fore, that is about as much as is granted to the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask the gentle-
man to state in round numbers the number of
acres of land that is given.
' Mr. PRICE. I have as high respect for my
colleague as I have for any gentleman upon
this floor ; and I will say now, for I may not
have the opportunity again, that if I was de-
livering his eulogy I would say that_ he is a
good lawyer and an honest man, and it is with
great regret that I ever differ with him.
Mr WILSON, of Iowa. Of course, I am
very glad to hear all that; but the gentleman
does not answer my question.
Mr. PRICE. Before you can tell how much
there is in anything you must know how wide
it is and how long it is. Now, I only know
how wide this road is, but I do not know how
long it is. Now 1 call the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question ; and upon a di-
vision there were—ayes 52, noes 42.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Lawrence,
of Ohio, and Mr. Price were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 57, noes 37.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered ; and under
the operation thereof the bill was ordered to
a third reading and read the third time.
Mr. FINCK. I call^ for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 60, nays 44, not voting
82 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Allison. Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Baker. Banks,Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Bingham, Bromwell, Buckland, Sidney Clarke,
Cooper, Delano, Drisgs, Eckley, Farnsworth, Gar-
field I-Taves.IIigby, Hogan, Holmes, Chester!). Hub-
bard, James II. Hubboll, Julian, Kelley, Koontz,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, ^oan, Maynard. Me-
Clui'g, McCullough. Melluer, Miller, Moorhead,
Moulton, Newell. O'Neill, Paine, Perharn, PUnts,
Price, Shanklin, Spalding, Stevens, btokes, Stiousc,
"Wnth'i-niel (1 Taylor, Thornton, Van Aernam, Hob-
crt T. Van Horn, Welker, Wentworth, Wlialoy, Ste-
phen F.Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge-60.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Ancona, Bergen,Broomall,
Cobb Conkling, Cullom, Dawes, Defrces, Eldridge,
Eliot, Farquliar, Finck, Glossbrenner, Aaron Hard-
ing, AbnerC. Harding, Hotchkiss, John H.Hubbard,
Kasson, Ketcliam, Ueorgo V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Le Blond, Mercur. Morrill, Myers, Nib-
lack, Nicholson, Orth, Radlord, Samuel J. Randall,
Ritter, Rollins, Ross. Sawyer, Solicnok. Slioll.ib.ii-
ger, Taber, Nelson Taylor .Trimble, Maid, Wil-
liams, James T?. Wilson, and M infield—«.
NOX VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, boyer,
Brandcco, Bundy, Chan lor. Reader M . Clarke,
Cook, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawson,
Denkon, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly;, Dumont, Eg„le.
ton Ferry, Goodyear, Grulor, Grin-nell, Griswoid.
Hale, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Hil1 ■ 2PCVV
W Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Luwm N. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Kelso, Ivorr, Lettwich Lonsvear, L>n<nb
Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Mclndoe. Mclvee, Mor-
ris, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pike Pomeroy, Wil-
liam H. Randall, Raymond. Alexander H. Rice John
II Rice. Rogers, Scofield, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stilwell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Joan L.
Thoma s, Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn,Marner,
Blihu B. Washburne, Henry I). Waslibnrn, William
B. Washburn, and Wright—82.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
suspension oe joint rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will have read
two of the joint rules which it is the invariable
practice to suspend during the last days ot the
session.
The Clerk read as follows:
" 16. No bill that shall have passed one House shall
bo sent for concurrence to the other on eitner of the
last tliree days of'that h j, ,lave
ii Tfniijp nf Rcnresentafivcs and the Senate shall
KeSel S'SleTresidont of'the Umt^tote.
for his approbation, on the last da.y ot the se-sion.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the six-
teenth and seventeenth joint rules besuspended dur-
ing the remainder of the present session.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object. There are
bills in the Senate which I do not want to come
here.
Mr. KUYKENDALL. I move that the rules
be suspended, in order to allow me introduce
the joint resolution.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; and the resolution was introduced and
adopted.
payment op assassination rewards.
The House, agreeably to order, resumed the
consideration of the bill (H. R. No. 801) au-
thorizing the payment of the rewards offered
by the President of the United States and the
officers of the War Department in April and
May, 1865, for the capture of Jefferson Davis
and the assassins of the late President, Abra-
ham Lincoln, and the Secretary of State, Hon.
William II. Seward, on which Mr. Hotciikiss
was entitled to the floor.
The bill was read as follows:
Be it enacted bp tha Snnvtc and Iloutc of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Coivjreis assem-
bled, That there bo paid, out of any moneys m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated, in s.a.ismctlon
of all claims for the rewards ofiercd by the Presn.'-ut
of the United States or by authority of the War De-
partment foi the capture of the assassins of the late ,
Psesident, Abraham Lincoln, and the Secretary of
State, William H. Seward, the following sums to the
following named parsons, namely:
For the capture of Payne:
To Major H. W. Smith, the sum of SI,000; to Rich-
ard C. Morgan, Ely Pftvoc,Charles 11^\<>sch,
Sampson, William \r. W ermerskirch, John H. Kim-
ball. and P. M. Clark, the sum of &oOO each, and to
Su^an Jackson and Mary Ann Griffin, the sum of
$2-50 each.
For the capture of Atzerodt:
To Maior Enos R. Artman, the siim of $10,000; to
Zachariah W. Gcmmill, the sum of So,000,- to Jamc..
W. Purdham, the sum of yj.OOO; to Christop.iei Ko:--,
David II. Parker, Albert Beuder, Samuel 3. Wil-
liams, George W. 1. oung, and James Longacic, die
sum of $1,100 06 eacn.
l?or the capture of Booth and llerolrl •
To Lafayette C. Baker, the sum ot£11.500: to E\ ei -
ton J Conger, the sum of 4.17,"Ml: to Luther B. Baker,
the Slim ot S5.000; to James 11. O'Beirne, the sum of
SiOOO; to II. H. Wells, the sum of Sl.oOO; to George
Cottingham. the sum ol £1,500; to Alexander Lo\ ett,
the sum of $1,000; to Samuel H. Bcckwiih, the sum
offaOO; to Lieutenant Edward P. Doherty, "i
the sixteenth New York cavalry, the sum of $_.o00,
to Sergeant Boston Corbett sixteenth New Voik
cavalry; Sergeant Andrew Wendell, sixteenth ISiw
York eaValry: Corporal Charles Zimnicr, sixteenth
New York cavalry; Corporal Michael Umac six-
teenth New York cavalry; Corporal John «njl11'
To Commissary Sergeant Harlan P- Dunning,
$229 30.
To FirstSergeantOthmel E. Gooding, company A ;
First Sergeant John^W. Bradner, company B; iii'St
Sergeant John II, Shoemaker, company0? First
Serjeant Edwin limes, company E; First Sergeant
Stanley L. Nichols, eompany F; First Sergeant Fran-
cisMaguirc, company G; First Sergeant George Hall,
company H; First SergeantF. F. Price, company I;
First SergeantGeorgc Davenport,company K: First
Sergeant Wesley 1"). Pond, company M, S'ifiO15 each.
To Serjeant B. Frank Gooding, company A; Ser-
geant Thomas Davis, company A; Sergeant George
H. Simmons, company A; Sergeant Thomas Riley,
company A; Sergeant George Miles, company A;
Sergeant Rezin W right, company A; SergeantW ake-
man L. Grant, company B; Sergeant Morris brass,
company B; Scrareant Abel A. Braley, company B;
SergeantSimon Yoght,company B; SergeantAlondo
E. Ford, company B; Sergeant Charles L. Leathers,
comnany C; Sergeant Thomas IX Smced, company
C; Sergeant Edward W. Parker, company J): ber-
preantRobert W. Morris, eompanv I); Sergeantl>avid
B. Green, compunyE; Sergeant William i^.Babcouk,
company E; Sergeant GcorgoA. Bullsrd, cons pan y
E- Serjeant Calhoun M. Burch, com >any E; Ser-
geant Benjamin S. Vest; Sergeant John 0. Oorren-
ton.compan.vF; Sergeant. Thomas Gorman, ccmipany
F- Sergeant Rowanl A. Dickorton. company 1 ; Ser-
geant John C. Nichols, company 0-; Sergeant Ben-
jamin F. Archer, company G; Sera-pant 0<fcou iN.
Trask, cunpany G; S -weant James T. O.jricn, eom-
pnny O: Sevsennt John Cavnnangh, company G;
Sereeant Jeremiah P. Craig, company «; Sergeant
William II. Pahnateer. company G; Sergeant lloraes
B. Warner, company II; Sergeant Solomon VVight-
man, company II; Sergca,nt Samuel Van lijtten,com-
nany II: Serseant jNIartin Horan, company II; ber-
J'oant Daniel O'Crotty, company II; Sergeant Emery
A SI ill.''v. company 1; ScrgeantLester P. hates, eom-
panv I; Sergeant Ansel Adams, company Iv; bcr-
geaAt C.Oi-e 1L Vantiue. company K; Sergeant
Andrew SnnoU, eomp.;iiy K; Sergeant Jnsoph llof-
. master, eoinp.ii.vl.; S; rfreant JohnF. Beebe, eom-
1 panyL; Scree ml LeviTuttle,company L; Sergeant
tluidon N. Keuyoe. eoia^ny L; Sergeant Jame^ H
Holdsworlh, eompanv L; Sergeant Benjamin iv.Colt,
company L: Sergeant Alonzo C. Bmr.tiam, company
L- Sergeanl Kdv.'u Peaice, company M; Sei-geant
George W. Collias, company M; Sergeant Roland
Osgood, company M; Sergeant James V . Argo, com-
pany Si. SC08 45 each.
To Corporal Darwin Dunning, company A; Cor-
poral William P. Smith, company A; Corporal liob-
evt L. Ileynolds, company A; Corporal Lyman J.
Russell, company A; Corporal William Crow, com-
pany 11; Corporal John P. Shurbum, company B;
Corporal Chester l'arbei\ company B; Corporal O,
F Parker, company B; Corporal Nelson B. luttle,
company B; Corporal A. W. Kinney, company B;
Corporal Baxter B. Bennett, company B; Corporal
Abram Sebring. company C; Corporal Charles Bur-
rell eompanv C; Corporal Reuben Palmeiton, com
pan'y C; Coipoi.il David Q. Curry, company C; Cor-
poral George M. Munger, company C; Corporal James
mpany D; Corporal 1-Iphraim Truesdell,
civtppiit i Now 1 or £ ca.vJiir> ; vw -«•« v- --1 11 ; t v
gartcn, sixteenth New Yoik cavalry; Corporal John
Wall, sixteenth N e\v Y 01 It cavalry; Corpoi al Obi_u
Loiipay, sixteenth Tseiv lorls cavalry , Coipoi.il
Michael IJormsby, sixteenth I<ew lori
Private John Mvers, sixteenth Jjcw York eav Jis,
Private John Ryan, sixteenth ^ eiv York ca.^ ah> .
Private William Byrne, sixteenth Sw York cav-
alry Private Philip llovt, sixteenth !\cw York cav-
alrv- Private Martin Kelley, sixteenth ISewloik
cavalry; Private Henry Putnam, sixtcentn New
York cavalry; Private Frank MeDamel, sixteenth
New York cavalry; Private Lewis Savage, sixteenth
New York cavalry; Private.Abraham Gcnay, mx-
teonth IN ew Yoik eavaliy; 1 rivate Emery Pai..d>,
sixteenth New York cavalry; Private David Laker,
sixteenth Now York cavalry: Private Wi^lham Mc-
Onade sixteenth New York cavalry; I nvate Jo) in
Millington, sixteenth New York eavalrj'; Private
Frederick Deitz, sixteenth ^.ew York caiahy. In
vateJohn A. Singer, sixteenth N ew Y ork eavail'j ;
Private Carl Steiubrugge, sixteenth
aliy; Piivato Joseph Zisgen, sixteenth NewYoik
cavalry, the sum ofil.000, k
For the capture of J cf^nBav'is;;
^clplahifoiiVaHaa
^'^^i^ttfeutena^nt Lauren ILBipley.Firat Iiwu-
Lieutenant Silas J. Staubcr Fu st Liiuienant Ch...los
W Fisk, First Licutenantr.il. b. llj/.clUm, Seeoml
Lieutenant, Hiram D. Treat, Second Tnow 1.oii-r_nt .Tohn
Bennett. Second Lieutenant Ciiaucyi bKkfo.il.
Second Lieutenant Lorenzo 1. Southwoi t.i S° °ih1
Lieutenant Alfred B. Purmtou. Second Licutci ant
Leonard C.Remmington, Second Licai eua.i.u L.amaei
F. Murplicy, &3<)5&8cach. . , _A
To Adjutant Julian g. Dickinson, <.od.j j ..
To RegimentalQuaiterraa-terPcn-y J. L •>. -L^-"
gimontal Commissary Joun S.I u^sicv. J :
To Assistant Surgeon John A. Grom c>, nnictj
eighth Illinois mounted infantry, ^ooo 8^.
To Sergeant Major Fitz E. evens, |-'lv9
To Hospital Steward Amos Knight, §2dJ tz.
porai John iimes, company E; Corpora. ;—
Carr, company E; Corporal Charles . Tyler, com-
pany E; Corporal James Peeler, company E: Cor-
poral Dewitt. C. Cobb, company 1; Corporal Chris-
tian Boringcr, eompanv F; Corporal Aaam Kline,
comnanv F; Corporal William 1.1 mc, company F,
Ou,«;"il jf. Connor, company F; Corporal George
W Vansiekle, comjianv (■: Corporal John ballon,
company C; Corporal Ueorgc Myers, comnany C;
Con.oral Leander B. Sha>v, company O; t orporal
Benton D. Thurston, company II: Corporal \vihiam
MeCune, company il; Corporal Daniel P. Wclton,
comnany II; Corporal Chailcs Blackal , company
II- Corporal Horace Heath, company II; C0,1
William II. Conovcr, company 11; Corporal Jerome
B Hath, company I; Corporal Mm tin V.Iomeroy,
company I; Corporal Pieston \\. Brown, company
I; Corporal Leander Van Lleek, company K; Cor-
noral llobert Dey, company K; Corporal Josiah R.
Iicwis, company K; Corporal Alonzo Moe, company
K; Corpoi al John Morrish company K; Corporal
Charles Cobb, company Iv; Corporal Chorles 1,1a-
bah, company L; Corporal Charles C. Maifh.com
pany L; Corporal William Oliver, company L; Cor-
rjoral William U. Ilowo, company L ; Corporal Henry
Shanah-.n, company M : Corporal Simeon Uuil.com-
panySi; Corporal Samuel Wikon, company M
Corpoi al Llia, M. Enghus. company
John E. Rankin, company M; lamer Gn^cy B.
Cha«e compony C; Farrier \Vatson S. Williams,
company D; Farrier Hii am S. 1 oul^f'
Pirnor Orlando R. Carpenter, company
Nathaniel Pax, company E; and Farrier John C.
Rapp, eompany F, S1S< 01 each. „ . .
To Private Hiram Austin., c-on\paj„ym7J T!'Bovle
William Balon, company A; Private James 15.1)05 ie,
eomnanv' A• Private Daniel C. Blinn, company A;
Private'John Batv, company A; Pn\ ate Joseph (/or
Ltt, companVA"'Private Gilbert Coata, eomnW
a . private James Fullerton, compan>_A, lijvaie
P^i G-1 a4er, company A; Private Timothy UilU
vate Joshua Mo,, co.unjny .^Vj .._ provost, eom-
Gilbert 11. Haight, oo^uny.A Private In
