1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
upon the new people who are to be permitted to
exercise the right of suffrage. It also makes no
provision for the registration of voters, and we
know that the class of persons which, this bill is
intended especially to reach are a very migratory
people, and it ought to be well guarded in that
particular before it is passed by this House.
Much has been said in this debate about the
gallantry of the negro troops, and about the
number of negro troops in the war. Gentlemen
have declared here so broadly that we were in-
debted to them for our victories as to actually
convey the impression that they won nearly all
the victories accomplished by the armies of the
United States, and that to them are we indebted
for the salvation of our country and our tri-
umph over the rebellion.
I do not agree with them in the extent of
their praise, nor the grounds upon which it has
been placed. One gentleman, I think it was
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, speaks of
our debt to the negroes, because they have
fought our battles for us. That I may not mis-
represent him, I quote his language:
*'I cannot bear to bo goaded and taunted by those
whom I treat as inferiors, that in the hour of my dan-
ger when I refused or was unable to fight, they took
up my battle and healed my wounded honor. The
negroes fought for me, and God forbid that they
should ever taunt me or my descendants with the
fact that I was an ingratc to the soldiers of the Ite-
public."
Now, sir, I say that this is a falsification of
the condition of the negroes, and of the history
of the country in this particular. Those negroes
fought for their liberty, which was involved in
the preservation of the Union of.the States.
They fought with us to accomplish the main-
tenance of the integrity of the country, which
carried with it the liberty of their own race; and
what would have been said of the negroes if they
had not, under such circumstances, come for-
ward and united with us? I told the people of
my State, and of other States, during the war,
that one effect of our success in it would be the
emancipation of the negroes and the establish-
ment throughout the country of the great prin-
ciple of human liberty. When I urged the sup-
port of the Government in carrying on the war,
I was told by the Opposition, and I admitted,
that we were fighting in such a manner that the
negroes should be free. I say now that we, the
white race, fought the battles of the negro as
well as our own; and if the negro himself had
not come forward and enlisted in our armies,
we should have been obliged to mourn over it,
and to say that 110 element of manhood existed
in that race.
Now, sir, we are able to say that the element
of manhood does exist in tliem ; that they be-
came our auxiliaries; that they came forward
as the white men did, with additional motives
beyond our own, but no better than the white
men; and that we of the white race, filling up
our armies by hundreds of thousands, welcomed
their aid. Both races fought gallantly. But
when gentlemen say, as I think the distinguished
Representative from Ohio [Mr. Bixgiiam] did
the other day, in his interpolation in the re-
marks of the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Chaxi.ee,] that they fought and won for us the
victory. I protest against it in the name of the
gallant armies composed of white soldiers
throughout the United States.
Who was it that broke the arch of the rebel-
lion at Fort Donelsou'! I find that a regiment of
Iowa troops—white troops, not colored troops
—were the first to cross the bristling abattis and
charge upon the enemy, leaving many a length
of white manhood upon the ground; but I see
no negro troops at that time. I look at Vicks-
burg, and I find among the thousands who died
in the trenches and in the assault simply white
soldiers. I find the black troops and the white
together at Port Hudson. When Sherman's
army made that grand march which has become
historical; when, with the steady force of a slow-
moving glacier, and with the audacity of an ava-
lanche, that great military leader descended
from the North, and dissipated the enemy in
front, and made that famous march to the sea;
when he returned from the sea to the mount-
ains of the North, sweeping resistlessly every
enemy before him, and accomplishing a result
that has not only made his name historical, but
has made in the history of this country a chap-
ter reading like a romance; when he arrived at
the termination of his march, and crushed the
last fragment of the rebellion between the upper
millstone of Grant's army and the nether mill-
stone of the grand western army, I do not read
that one black soldier was with him to aid in
accomplishing that great result.
When Sheridan turned the right flank of the
enemy before Richmond, and succeeded in gain-
ing the fatal advantage ofthe rebel army, though
directed by the most gallant commander of the
rebellion, do we find negro troops among those
who inflicted upon the head of the rebellion that
decisive blow ? No, sir, they were white troops
that won success in that gallant enterprise which
has covered the name of Sheridan with imper-
ishable luster. Let us, then, do justice to white
and black. Let us defend and give credit to
those who deserve it, and to those to whom credit
is due ; and not cloud the fair fame of nine hun-
dred thousand brave men of our own race by
excluding them from the fame acquired by their
glorious achievements.
And are we to be told here, in the face of
these facts of history, that it is to the black
race alone that we are indebted for the accom-
plishment of our great victory ? I protest
against any such assumption. While 1 yield
to the negro troops the credit of having ex-
hibited bravery and manhood when put to the
test, I do not yield to them the exclusive or
chief credit of having won the victory for the
Government of my country in preserving this
Union. Let us not, under false assertions
of fact, send out to the country and the world
from this floor the declaration that the white
race of this country are wanting in the gallantry,
the devotion, and the patriotism which ulti-
mately securcd for our armies triumph, and for
our nation perpetuity.
Let the blacks who gallantly fought go and
vole, let the white men who gallantly fought go
and vote, let all these who did go and fight, and
who can read and write, and thus understand
the system of our Government; who can read
the ballot with which they are attempting to
control our country ; let all these men go and
vote if you will, aiid aid in the government of
our country. But I have been taught, and so
have you, so have wc all, that unless intelligence
exists in this country, unless schools are sup-
ported and education diffused throughout the
country, our institutions are not safe, and either
anarchy or despotism will be the result; and
when you propose substantially to introduce at
once three quarters of a million or a million of
voters, the great mass of whom are ignorant
and unable to tell when the ballot they vote is
right side up, then I protest against such an
alarming infusion of ignorance into the ballot-
box, into that sacred palladium, as we have
always called it, of the liberties of our country.
Let vis introduce them by fit degrees. Let them
come in as fast as they are fit, and their num-
bers will not shock the character of our insti-
tutions.
I turn for a single moment to call attention
to the philanthropy of the proposition^ If you
introduce all without regard to qualification,
without their being able to read or write, and
thus to understand the questions on which they
are to decide, what would be the effect? "iou
will take away from them the strongest incen-
tive to learn to read or write. As a race, it is
not accustomed to position and property; it
has no homesteads, it has no stake in the coun-
try; and unless thev are required to be intelli-
gent, and qualified" to understand something
about our institutions and our laws, and the
questions whicii are submitted to the people from
time to time, you say then to them, ''Nomatter
whether 01- not you make progress in civiliza-
tion or education, you shall have all the rights
of citizenship,'' and in that way you take away
from them all special motive to education and
improvement. On the contrary, if the ability
to read and write and understand the ballot is
mafte the qualification on the part of these peo-
ple to exercise the right of voting, the remain^
ing portion will see that color is not exclusion.
They would all aspire to the qualification itself
as preliminary to the act. You can submit no
motive to that race so powerful for the purpose
of developing in them the education and intel-
ligence required.
I say, therefore, on whatever grounds you
put it, whether you regard the safety of our insti-
tutions or the light of philanthropy, you should
insist on qualifications substantially the same
as those required in the State of Massachusetts.
I have a copy of the clause of the constitution
of that State which seems to be the proper one
on this subject. And let mo say that, taking
the State of Massachusetts as an example of
the result of general intelligence and qualified
suffrage, and a careful guardianship ofthe ballot-
box, I know of no more illustrious example ill
this or any other country of its importance.
With a credit that surpasses that uf the Uni-
ted States, with a history that is surpassed by
no State in the Union, with wealth that is almost
fabulous in proportion to its population, with a
prosperity almost unknown in the history of the
world, that State stands before us to-day in all
her dignity, strength, wealth, intelligence, and
virtue. And if we, by adopting similar princi-
ples in other States, can secure such results, we
certainly have an inducement to consider well
how far this condition is to be attributed to her
diffused education, and to the provisions of her
constitution. The electoral clause reads as fol-
lows :
"No person shall have the right to vote or be eligible
to office who shall not be able to read the constitution
in thcEn^lishlanguacre andwritchis own name: Pro-
vided, however, That the provisions of this amendment
shall not apply to any person prevented by physical
disability from complying with its requisition, nor to
any person icho now ha* the right to vote, nor to any
person who shall be sixty years of ago or upward at
the time this amendment shall take effect."
It was thus that Massachusetts provided an
improved element of suffrage without taking
away any existing rights. The policy of ex-
eluding those who now have the right of suf-
frage should receive serious consideration be-
fore we adopt it. It is easier to withhold the
right from a class who have not yet-received it,
than to take it away from those who have it.
So far as it is prohibited for the future, as in tha
constitution of Massachusetts, it is compara-
tively free front objections.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will my colleague
please state the date of the, adoption of that
amendment to the constitution of Massachu-
setts?
Mr. KASSON. It is but a few years ago that
that clause was adopted ; but the general prin-
ciple of intelligence of which I spoke has been
more thoroughly adopted in that State than in
any other in the Union ; and the schools of Mas-
sachusetts are model schools, unsurpassed by
any in the Union.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The point to which
I direct the attention of my colleague is this:
all that the gentleman has said with regard to
the State of Massachusetts and her schools I
indorse ; but I desire, while I do so, to impress
upon the minds of members of this House that
all that was accomplished before the adoption of
the amendment by which they required persons
to read the constitution in the English language;
that it was not the adoption of that amendment
which gave Massachusetts her high position, but
it was that which existed before. Andoneother
factl will call his atti r.tior. to ; and that is that
the action of Massachusetts, in relation to that
amendment, was not aimed at the negro, but
at the foreigner. .
Mr. KASSON. I understand welMhe his-
tory of Massachusetts, and have already stated
that I quoted this simply as a consummation of
the principle that always existed in that Scat©,
namely, that a republic was founded upon the
intelligence and virtue of the people, and that
that principle should be applied elsewhere.
Mr. LYNCH. Do I understand the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. KASSox]'to say that the
state of things in Massachusetts is parallel to
what it would be if the same provision were
applied to the District of Columbia? Do I
