1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2263
the same power, Congress may regulate and
control the political rights of the people of the
several States. You have precisely as much
power in the one case as in the other; and that
is, jusfrnoue at all. You have as much right to
say to the States that they shall allow the negro
to vote, and hold office, as you have to say that
they shall permit him to be a witness. The fact
isyou have no constitutional power to do either,
and when it shall be acquiesced in by the peo-
ple .of the United ijjjates, that the General Gov-
ernment may exercise such powers, then, in-
deed, may we bid farewell to the rights of the
States and our system of free government.
Such, sir, it seems to me, is the purpose of
the men who control the majority in this Con-
gress. A spirit of aggression upon the rights of
the States, strong, bold, and determined, is busy
at its work, and if not arrested by the clear and
overwhelming condemnation of the people, at
the coming elections, it may be too late to resist
these encroachments, which gain strength as
they advance.
_ Sir, in my judgment the doctrines of the dis-
tinguished gentlemen who control this Congress
are inconsistent with our system of government,
State and Federal. Their organization can only
survive by so changing the system which our
fathers framed, as to make it conform to their
radical views of policy ; and to effect this pur-
pose, they must have a continuance of power.
Eleven St&tes of this Union, clearly entitled to
representation, must be excluded, and their
voice hushed in silence, while such important,
unwarranted, and radical measures are fastened
upon the country.
Sir, I warn the people, that although the
rebellion has been suppressed, although we are
at peace, at home and abroad, yet danger, the
most threatening and disastrous, lurks within
our borders; that schemes, the most dangerous
to our system of government, are pressed upon
Congress. Well may the President, who so
nobiy stands by the Constitution to ward off
the assaults made on that sacred instrument,
declare that—
" They interfere with the municipal legislation of
the States; with the relations existing exclusively
between a State and its citizens, or between inhabit-
antsof the same State; an absorption and assumption
of power by the General Government, which, if acqui-
esced in. must sap and destroy our federative system
of limited powers, and break downthebarrierswhich
preserve the rights of the States. It is another step
or rather stride toward centralization and the con-
centration of all legislative powers in the national
Government. The tendency of this bill must be to
resuscitate the spirit of the rebellion, and to arrest
the progress of those influences which are more closely
drawing around the States the bonds of union and
peace."
Sir, I thank the President for his noble,
manly, and patriotic defense of the Constitu-
tion and the rights of the States. Sometimes
when I contemplate the rapid strides with
which the extremists are carrying forward their
inroads upon the great landmarks of our Fed-
eral system, I shudder at the dangers which
threaten us. But, sir, I have not lost all hope.
So long as we have a faithful and honest Exec-
utive, and a patriotic people, I will not despair.
It is to the people at last to whom we must
look for the proper correctives. Free gov-
ernment can only be maintained by constant
vigilance.
"The spirit of liberty will not permit power to
overstep its prescribed limits, though good intent,
patriotic intent, come along with it."
Gentlemen cannot deceive the people by,
declaring that this law only involves civil rights.
Sir, it does more, it involves the right of the
Federal Government to declare the laws and
constitutions of the States, which exclude ne-
groes from voting, holding office, and acting
as jurors, illegal, and set them aside, and pun-
ish the authorities of the States for executing
them; because if this may be done in regard
to civil rights, so it may in regard to political
rights. Sir, I deny that any such powers have
been delegated to the General Government;
and if their exercise shall be sanctioned by the
people, then, indeed, will the rights of the
States, and all local legislation have been com-
pletely stricken down, and our Federal system
converted into an overshadowing, centralized
despotism.
Sir, I shall always be found supporting the
General Government in all its just and consti-
tutional powers, as "the sheet-anchor of our
peace at home, and safety abroad but, sir, I
shall, with the same determined zeal, support
and defend the just rights and powers of the
States. They are our most efficient and com-
petent governments for the home rights of the
people ; " and the surest bulwarks against anti-
republican tendencies." The maintenance of
these rights are essential to our system of gov-
ernment.
It is strange to witness to-day the men who,
but a few years a^o, were the most clamorous
advocates for the rights of the States, supporting
this and kindred measures, calculated to subvert
the rights of the States.
Hon. Henry Wilson, in a speech delivered
in the Senate of the United States, on the 23d
of February, 1855, declared—
# "I recognize the democratic doctrine of State
rights, in its application to slavery as well as to
other local affairs, and while I have a seat in this
Chamber I shall resist all attempts to encroach upon
the reserved rights of the sovereign States of the
Union. I will stand side by sido with my Democratic
friends in vindication of the Virginia and Kentucky
resolutions of 1798 and 1799, which they indorsed at
Baltimore in 1852."
How emphatic he is in the declaration that
he would "resist all attempts to encroach upon
the reserved rights of the sovereign States of
the Union."
But Mr. Wade, in a speech delivered at the
second session of the Thirty-Third Congress,
was quite as clcar and distinct in his utterances
in behalf of the rights of the States:
"There arc some Senators who profess a great
regard for the rights of the States. Iam oneof those
who have quite as much regard for the rights of the
States as some who make louder professions on the
subject than I do. I am one of those who, not only
when an election is pending, but at all times, beheve
in the wisdom, the eomtitutwnfi/itp, rtnrf the propriety
of the Jriipiniarrso?ufioiisofl7QS<t>iitlT90. 1 ground
myself upon those resolutions; and, standing upon
them, I denounce this bill as a violation, not only of
the spirit of those resolutions, but as an attempt to
trample upon the rights of the States and deprive
them of tho power to protect their own citizens from
aggression and abuse. Do gentlemen suppose that
the States, now awakened to a keen sense of their
rights and the danger of consolidation, will ever
submit to such a bill as this? I tell you nay."
A*****#*-}!*
"Who is to be the jucUe in the last resort of the
violation of the Constitution of the United States by
the enactment of a law? Who is the final arbiter?
The General Government or the State* in their sov-
ereignty? Why, sir, to yield that point is to yield up
all the rishts of the States to protect their own citi-
zens, and to consolidate this Government into a mis-
erable dopotism. I tell you, s-ir, 'whatever you may
think of it, if this bill pass, collisions will arise be-
tween the Federal and State jurisdictions—conflicts
moro dangerous than all the wordy wars which are
got. up in Congress—conflioU in which the State* will
never vi'-ld; for the more you undertake to load them
with acts like this, the greater w^l bo their resist-
ance."—Congressional Globe, Aj>ptndixt pp. 213,214.
You see that he carrics his views of State
rights to their most extreme verge, and speaks
of the States "m their sovereignty."
But, sir, there was a celebrated meeting lield
at Cleveland, Ohio, by distinguished Republic-
ans of that State in May, 1850, which was ad-
dressed by Mr. Chase, then the Governor of
Ohio, and at which, among other resolutions,
the following was adopted :
"1. That the several States composing the United
States of Amex;ica are not united on tho principle of
unlimited submission to their General Government; but
that, by compact, under the style and title of a Con-
stitution for the United States, and of amendments
thereto, they constituted a General Government for
special purposes, delegated to that Government cer-
tain definite powers, reserving, each State to itself, the
residuary mass of right to their own self-government;
and that whensoever the General Government as-
sumes undelegated powers its acts are unauthorita-
tive, void, and of no force, and being void, can derive
no validity from mere judicial interpretation ; that
to this compact each State acceded as a State, and is
an integral party; that this Government, created by
this compact, was not made the exclusive final judge of
the extent of the powers delegated to itself, since that
would have made its discretion, and not the Consti-
tution, the measure of its powers; but that, as in all
other cases of compact, among parties having no
common judge, each party has an equal right to judge
for itself\ as well of infractions as of the modes and
measures of redress."
Sir, here the Republicans who adopted this
resolution have indorsed the most extreme
doctrines; doctrines on which it is charged the
South based their recent rebellion.
I know that it has been announced in the
Senate, by a friend of tho Chief Justice, that
although he did malted speech at the Cleveland
meeting which passed this resolution, yet that
he was not aware of the fact that such a reso-
lution had been adopted.
But I find in a Cleveland papi# an extract
from a letter reported to have been written, a
short time before the Cleveland meeting, by
Mr. Chase, in response to an invitation to join
in a meeting at Boston, to celebrate the birth-
day of Thomas Jefferson; which I will read :
"And how large the debt we owe him on other
grounds: for his lessons of confidence in the masses
of the people; of justregard in legislation and admin-
istration to all homo interests, and of the wise liber-
ality toward emigrants from other lands seeking free
and honorable homes, in ours; for his warnings against
extravagance in Government expenditure, and its
inevitable concomitants, oppressive taxation and
debt; against the surrender or compromise of the rights
of the State*against the centralizing tendencies, so clan*
arsons to liberty, of Federal power; and last, but by
no means least, against the silent and, because silent,
most perilous encroachments of a Federal .judiciary,
perverted from its noble function of administering
justice into a convenient means for the subversion
of State sovereignty and the destruction of the most
sacred guarantees of personal freedom."
It is possible that some political friend of
the Chief Justice may be able also to put in a
disclaimer about this letter. I know no more
about it than what I find in the paper from which
it has been read. But, sir, during this same
period, and while Mr. Chase was the Governor
of the State of Ohio, the celebrated cases of
ex parte Bushnell and ex parte Langston were
argued and decided in the supreme court of
that State, and the same doctrines which are
declared in the Cleveland resolution, were ar-
gued at great length, and with much ability, by
the then attorney general of Ohio, Mr. Wal-
cutt, a leading Republican, and afterwards
Assistant Secretary of War under Mr. Lin-
coln's administration, and his extreme views
of the reserved powers of the States, were sus-
tained by two of the judges of that court,
Judges Brinkerhoff and SutlifF, both of whom
were Republicans. In that argument he said:
"But then it is said that the courts of tho United
States are supreme within their sphere; all agreo to
that; but what then? So also are the State courts
supremewithin theirsphere; and the same argument
which proves that the Federal courts have a right to
determine the extent of their jurisdiction and im-
pose that determination on State courts, proves
equally, that the State courts have also the right to
determine the extent of their jurisdiction, ancli con-
clude the Federal courts in that determination."
But again, he says:
"Any nation which has wholly surrendered the
allegiance of its citizens or its correlative incidental
right to protect them while within its territorial lim-
its, has in that very act abnegated every attribute of
sovereignty and becomo the mere local dependency
of the power to which that allegianco and right have
been surrendered. But" * * * * "Ohio is
still a sovereign *#a<<?,and has therefore never yielded
this right, as she never could yield it, and still pre-
serve her sovereignty, to the Federal or any other
Government."
Further on, in the same argument, in speak-
ing of the powers of the Federal Government,
he says:
"Tho powers granted being granted by independent
sovereignties, it not only follows, as th e result ot all j ust
reasoning, that all powers not granted are with-
held."
Judge BrinkerhofT, a distinguished member
of the Republican party, in delivering his dis-
senting opinion in these cases, uses the follow-
ing language:
" I know no way other than through the action of
the State governments, in which the reserved rights
and powers of the States can be preserved, and the
guarantees of individual liberty be vindicated. The
history of this country, brief as it is, already shows
that the Federal judiciary is never behind the other
departments of that Government, and often foremost
in thea«sumption of non-giantcd powers. And Ietit
bo finally yielded, that the Federal Government is
in the last resorttne authoritative:,udge of theextent
of its powers, and the reservations and limitations of
the Constitution, which theframers of thatinstrument
so jealously endeavored firinlv to fix and guard,
will soon be, if they are not already, obliterated; and
that Government, the sole possessor of tho only means
of revenue, in the employment of which the people
can be kept ignorant of the extent of their own bur-
dens, and with its overshadowing patronage, attract-
ing: to its support the ambitious by means of its ho 
