THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBl.
April 30,
ors, and the mercenary through the .medium of its
.emoluments, will speedily become, if it be not already,
practically omnipotent."
And all of this, in the opinion of the learned
judge, is to follow, "if it be conceded that " the
Federal Government is .in the last resort the
authoritative judge of the extent of its own
powers and the reservations and limitations
of.the Constitution."
Judge Si^fclifF, in the same case, fully sustains
the views advanced by the attorney general and
Judge Brinkerhoff, and enters into an elaborate
discussion to show the nature and extent of the
powers of the Federal Government. I will only
detain the House by reading a few extracts from
Judge Sutliff's opinion. He says:
"It is certain, therefore, not only that the Constitu-
tion does not, by any provision therein expressed,
make the State governments, or any department
thor'cof, subordinate to tho Federal Government, or
to any department thereof; but it is also evident that
.the proposition in various shapes to subordinate the
State governments to tlie federal Government in its
legislative, executive, or judicial department was
.fully, considered, and rejected by tho framers of the
Constitution."
Again, he says:
"It is therefore evident, both from the language
and the early construction of the instrument, that the
rights of the several State governments are as full
and ainplo under tho Constitution to protect the
powers which they had not delegated, as is the Fed-
ora! Government to protect the powers which had in
fact been delegated to it. This right to protcct its
own legislative, executive, and judicial powers be-
longed to each of the States at the time of the adop-
tion of the Constitution. The States in convention
rofusod to surrender the right, or even to suffer it to
he Qualified. The power was not delegated in tho
Constitution, nor by it prohibited to tho States, and
is theroforereserved and still belongs to the Stato."
These opinions, it is true, were delivered by
these learned judges, in a ease in which they
undertook to declare the fugitive slave law
unconstitutional.
Mr. Chase, while these cases were -pending
in the supreme court of Ohio, was the Gov-
ernor of tliat State, and I would be pleased to
know, if the supreme court, had held the fugi-
tive slave law unconstitutional, and ordered
the discharge of Bushnell and Langston,
whether it was not the purpose of the Gov-
ernor and his friends, to enforce and maintain
the decision of that court, to tho last extremity
against tho Federal Government? Certain it
is that the views of these dissenting judges
were indorsed by their party in Ohio, because
Judge Swan, who with the majority of the court
held thclaw constitutional, was defeated a short
time afterward, in the liepublican State con-
vention for renomination, while Judge Brink-
erhofl' wa's in due season renominated and re-
elected by that party.
But, sir, the convention which nominated
Mr. Lincoln for the Presidency at Chicago, in
1800, adopted the following resolution :
" tlcnoh'rd', That tho maintenance inviolate of the
rights of the Slates, and especially tho right of each
State to order and control its own dumefi/ic iiiHtitu-
twnx according to its own judgment exclusively, is
essential to that balance of power on which the per-
fection and endnranccof our political fabric depend,
aud we denounce iin; law less in1, aiion by armed force,
of the >oil of any State or Territory, no matter under
what pretext, as among the graved of crimes."
And Mr. Lincoln in his iirst, inaugural quoted
this resolution us a law to himself and those
who had nominated him.
Sir, I have quoted from these distinguished
gentlemen in tho Republican party, to show how
industrious they have been in the past, in advo-
cating the rights of the States, and to contrast
their speeches and declarations then.with their
position now in supporting measures, which
strike at the very existence of the States.
.Mr, Speaker, iu my judgment this organized
attempt to centralize power in Congress, is rev-
olutionary, and it is so because it is attempted
by the exercise of unwarranted power.
It is revolutionary because a majority of this
Congress persistently, and unconstitutionally,
refuse to eleven States of this Union any rep-
resentation whatever. It is revolutionary be-
cause, taking advantage of the absence of such
representation, whose presence is unconstitu-
tionally prevented, this same majority seek to
fasten upon the country, measures which are
no* sanctioned nither by the Constitution, or
by a majority of the citizera of the United
States.
Sir, 1 do not propose to enter upon an argu-
ment to prove that-all of these States are in
the Union—that their attempt to withdraw
\vas a failure—that-the result of the late terri-
ble conflict was to preserve and not destroy
the Union. All this I discussed in a speech
which I made in this House during the early
part of this session.
These States, then, being in the Union, and
peace having been completely restored, there
is no constitutional right whatever for depriving
them of their just and constitutional represen-
tation. All talk about establishing, or requir-
ing conditions or guarantees from them, before
they shall be represented in Congress, is mere
trifling with this great question. If these States
are in the Union, as I insist they are, then you
can no more exact conditions from them than
you can from New York or Massachusetts.
These States are all equal States, and each one
is entitled to be represented, and to deny such
representation, is notonly clearly unauthorized,
it is worse ; it is revolutionary.
The Constitution declares that "the Senate
of the United States shall consist of two Sena-
tors from each State," and topreventa major-
ity of the States from combining to deprive any
State of its representation in the Senate, it is also
declared that" no State without its consent shall
be deprived of its equal suffrage in the Sen-
ate." Is any State to-day deprived without its
consent of its equal suffrage in the Senate? Sir,
we all know that eleven States are in violation
of these plain provisions of the Constitution,
deprived of any voice whatever in that body.
And iu relation to the House of Representatives
the Constitution is equally clear and explicit;
and among other provisions it is declared that
" Representatives and direct taxes shall be
apportioned among the several States which
may be included within this Union according
to their respective numbers," which is deter-
mined in a mode provided in the Constitution.
These Representatives are to be apportioned
among tho States every ton years; and the same
instrument declares that " each State shall have
at least one Representative," thus establishing
firmly the great principle of taxation and rep-
resentation. The direct taxes have been as-
sessed and are being collected, but the repre-
sentation is denied.
Sir, the true Onion men of this country are
those who are for the immediate restoration of
all these States, to tlieir just and constitutional
relations with the Federal Government; and
tho admission of Senators and Representatives
constitutionally qualified. To deny these States
these constitutional rights, is an attempt at
disunion.
Sir, J am to-day, as I have always been, for
the Union of all the States, I am opposed, as
I have always been, to all attempts to break
up this Union, whether they come from the
North or the South.
The questions which are now pending are, in
my judgment, of the most grave and serious
character: union or disunion : the preservation
of our system of Government, or the consoli-
dation of power, in the hands of Congress; the
absorption of the clear rights of States, and
practically the establishment of a centralized
despotism.
T hese great issues have been made. The pur-
poses of the majority of this Congress are clearly
understood. You have the power now to pass
what measures you please; you can deprive
States of tlieir constitutional voice in Congress;
you can deprive clear majorities of the voters
in districts in the northern States from being
represented by the men of their choice. But,
sir, it will not always be so. No, sir; no, sir.
There is a power higher and stronger than
yours, which will overrule you. The people—
that people who love free government, and who
have sacrificed so much to maintain it: that
people -who revere and cherish the Union of
these States, and who will never abandon it;
that people will demand, in a voice not to be
'' misunderstood, a return to the requirements of
tlie Constitution. They will sit in judgment on
these great questions, andsend Representatives
here who will respect the just rights of the
States.; who will seek to'heal and not destroy;
<who will labor tomnite and not separate; who
will, with that true and generous policy which
finds but little favor here,'welcome into these
Halls, Representatives from'all the States, who
may be devoted to the Constitution, and deter-
mined to maintain the Union.
NORTHERN PACIFI«RAILROA'D.
Mr. ALLEY. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I notice that I am down among those
not voting on the motion to lay upon the table
the Northern Pacific railroad bin. I voted in
the negative, and I ask that the correction be
made.
The, correction was made accordingly.
Mr. BANKS submitted some remark&which
will be found in the Appendix.
At the conclusion of the remarks of Mr.
Banks,
Mr. GRINNELL said: My colleague, [Mr.
Price, 3 who had charge of the Northern Pacifie
railroad bill, is not able to be here to-day. I
am requested to state on his behalf that no one
regrets more than he that cireumstanees pre-
vented his yielding the floor to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] as he had
intended to do. He would have been pleased
to hear the able and logical speech we have
just listened to.
Mr. BUNDY obtained the floor, butyieldedto
Mr. GRINNELL, who moved that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to.
And accordingly, (at five o'clock and twenty
minutes p. m.,) the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
tho rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. COBB: The memorial of the corporation
of Washington, asking to be repaid certain moneys
advanced to the General Government.
By Mr. FINCK: The petition of Semantha Kscti,
widow of John Rader, deceased, of Fairfield county,
Ohio, praying the allowance of a pension.
By Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY: A petition for national
insurance law by citizens of Buffalo.
By Mr. WENT\VO R Ti I: The petition of citizens
of Chicago, for a national insurance company.
IN SENATE.
MoxdaI, April 30? 2866.
Prayer by Rev. Theodore D. "Woolsey,
D.D., President of Yale College.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved,
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WILSON. I present resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts on the state of
the Union and the duties of the Government to
the freedmen. I ask that they be read, laid
on the table, and printed. -
The Secretary read as follows :
Commonwealth of Massachusetts,
In the Year" 1866.
Resolutions on thestate ofthe Union and the duties of
Government to the freedmen.
Resolved, That the rebel States should beheld in
abeyance, and should not bo permitted to join in tho
management of national affairs through representa-
tives in Congress until the people of said States shall,
by fundamental enactments and otherwise, manifest
a loyal spirit of Submission to the authority and Con-
stitution of the United States, and give such guar-
antees as Congress may deem sufficient to render it
safe and prudent to permit them to again resume the
functions and privileges which they voluntarily sur-
rendered by their rebellion and war; and in these
matters the right of determination rests with Con-
gress.
Resolved, That we tender our thanks to the Sen-
ators and Representatives at _ Washington for tbeir
firmness hitherto in maintaining their principles and
for their resistance to all attempts to place in ihe
Halls of Congress disloyal men, or the Representa-
tives of disloyal constituencies, to the peril of tho
national credit and at the imminent risk of losing by
legislation all that we have gained by successful war.
And we expect them to maintain this position in the
future and to the last.
Resolved, That while thus expressing our confi-
dence in our senatorial and representative delega-
tions in Congress, and the determination of the peo-
ple to stand by them, wo are also impelled to take
notice of the recent .charges made by name against
one ofthe Senators of thisStatc, Hon. Charles Sum-
ksr, in the lately rublished speech of the President
