3224
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
up cannot be disposed of during the morning
hour, and I desire to move to take up the res-
olution of the House of Representatives fixing
the time for the adjournment, in order to settle
that question.
Mr. HOWARD. It will be time enough for
that in the course of to-day or to-morrow. I
think we shall get through with this bill in a
few minutes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Of course, if the Sen-
ator thinks we can soon get through with this
bill, I shall not insist.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 317) to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph line from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to securc to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes,' approved July 1,
18G2," approved July 2, 1804, the pending
question being on the amendment reported
by the Committee on the Pacific Railroad, to
insert as a new section:
Src. 2. And be it further enacted, That the Union
Pacific Railroad Company, with the consent and
approval, of the Secretary of the Interior, without
reference to tllo one hundicdth meridian of longi-
tude, are hereby authorized to continue their road
westward, according to the best and most practicable
route, in a continuous and unbroken line until they
shall meet and connect with the Central Pacificru.il-
road; and the Central Pacific Railroad Company aro
hereby authorized to contiuuo tlieir road eastward,
according to the best and most practicable route, in
a continuous and unbroken lino until they shall meet
and connect with the Union Pacific railroad: Pro-
vided, That tho wonls "continuous and unbroken
line" shall not he held to include necessary bridges
and tunnels on tho routes of said roads.
Mr. CONNESS. I prepared a substitute for
that section, which I submitted on Friday last,
when it was ordered to be printed. 1 have now
modilied it slightly, and oiler it as an amend-
ment to the amendment. It is prepared in
accordance with tho views of several gentle-
men. I move to strike out all after the enact-
ing clause of the committee's amendment and
insert this:
That tho Union Pacific Railroad Company, with
tho consent and approval of the Secretary of the
Interior, aro hereby authorized to locate, construct,
and continue their road from Omaha, in Nebraska
Tern t ory, westward, according to tho best and most
practicable roulo, and without reicieiice to the ini-
tial point, on the one Imndrcdlh meridian of west
longitude, as now provided by law, in a continuous
completed line, until they shall moot and connect
with the Central Paeilio Railroad Company of Cali-
fornia.; and tho Central Pacific Railroad Company
of California, with tho consent, and approval of tho
Secretary of the lntciior, are hereby authorized to
locate, construct,, and continue then- road eastward,
in a. continuous completed line, until thoyshall meet
and connect with tho Union Pacific railroad: I'm-
vided, That each of tho above-named companies shall
have tho right, when tho natuieof tho work to bo
done, by reason of deep cuts and tunnels, shall for
tho expeditious construction of tho Paciiio railroad
require it,, to work for an extent of not to exceed
thrco hundred miles in advance of their continuous
comploted lines.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I should like to know how
that changes the present law; exactly wliat
effect it has upon the present law in reference
to that railroad.
Mr. CONNESS. It simply restores the pro-
vision contained in the law of 1862, which left
the whole route open between the two com-
panies that are to construct the main line in
this language: " that in case" the Union Pacific
Railroad Company "shall complete their line to
the eastern boundary of California before it is
completed across said State by the Central
Pacific Railroad Company of California, said
first-named company," the Union Pacific Rail-
road Company, "is hereby authorized to con-
tinue in constructing the same through Califor-
nia, with the consent of said State, upon the
terms mentioned in this act, until said roads
shall meet and connect and the whole line of
said railroad and telegraph is completed : and
the Central Pacific Railroad Company of Cali-
fornia^ after completing its road across said
State, is authorized to continue the construc-
tion of said railroad and telegraph through the
Territories of the United States to the Missouri
river, including the branch roads specified in
this act upon the routes hereinbefore and here-
inafter indicated, on the terms and conditions
provided in this act in relation to the said Union
Pacific Railroad Company, until said roads shall
meet and connect, and the whole line of said
railroad and branches and telegraph is com-
pleted."
The whole purpose was to get the main trunk
constructed in the shortest possible time. In
1864, through the conference that was held
between the two Houses, there was a provis-
ion introduced which now is a part of the law
of 1864, limiting the Central Pacific Railroad
Company to an arbitrary line one hundred
and fifty miles from the eastern boundary of
California. This simply opens it to what it
was before, so that the road shall be con-
structed by each company each way, and they
shall travel until they meet, giving neither com-
pany any preference but securing the early
completion of the work.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to submit an
amendment to come in at the end of the first
section. I have shown it to the Secretary of
the Interior and to the chairman of the com-
mittee, and I suppose there will be no objec-
tion to it. Those gentlemen are for it, and I
do not know of anybody who is opposed to it.
My amendment is to insert at the close of the
first section these words:
And provided further. That should the Union Pa-
cific Railway Company, eastern division, under the
provisions of this act, filo their map locating their
road upon a different route from that indicated in
their map heretofore filed in the Department of the
Interior, then and in that event tho iiannibal and St.
Joseph Railroad Company, or their assigns, being
authorized to connect with_the said raihoad under
tho several acts to which this is an amendment, may
be, and aro horeby.autliorized to continue their road
westwardly from the point provided for in the afore-
said acts to a connection with tho Union Pacific
railroad at some point cast of the one hundredth
meridian of longitude, and for that, purpose may lui,ve
the same provisions and bo subject to all therestric-
tions and limitationsof the said Pacific railroad acts.
Mr. GRIMES. That would give them, as I
understand, £16,000 a mile for the length of
road which the Hannibal and St. Joseph Com-
pany may construct.
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir, for that little
distance from tho point where they are limited
now to Fort Kearney.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 think the chairman of the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad stated to
the Senate some time ago that it was the con-
viction of that committee that no grants of
money should be made to any railroad in addi-
tion to those made at the last Congress. That
enunciation having been made here in the
Senate, it has prevented applications from
other quarters being made that would other-
wise have been made. Now, if we are going
to reverse that decision of the committee to
whom questions of this kind have been com-
mitted by the Senate, I think wo should have
a complete understanding upon the subjeet, and
then the policy of the body should bo changed
with full knowledge.
Mr. SHERMAN. This amendment, I pre-
sume, increases the amount to be granted to
the Atchison branch.
Mr. POMEROY. Slightly, in case they move
the line of their road.
Mr. SHERMAN. If this amendment should
be attached in the Senate, I have no doubt it
will defeat the bill, because I think it is certain
that if the House of Representatives are de-
termined on anything it is that they will not
grant any additional money aid to railroads.
I assented to the amendment proposed in be-
half of the Pacific railroad, eastern division,
because it gave them a route which I thought,
from the information we had before us, would
be better, and it would involve no expense to
the G ovemment, while it would probably create
a rival competition between two lines as to
which would reach t.he neighborhood of Den-
ver first. It was manifestly for the interest of
the Government to allow them to take the best
route, one which would enable them to make
the most progress westward. Since that time
an amendment has been added to the bill in
behalf of the California or Pacific division of
the road, to which I have no objection ; but if
this is now added, it will undoubtedly defeat
the bill. It seems to me that if the Senator
from Kansas desires to see this bill pass, he
ought not to add this provision. This is the
third prong of the Pacific railroad. I think a
large majority of the Senate is now convinced
that we ought never to have agreed to make
more than one line of Pacific railroad; but
on account of the conflicting interests when
the law passed, we authorized four lines, one
to start from Sioux City, one from Omaha,
one from St. Joseph, and another from Leav-
enworth with a short branch, making a many-
pronged railroad, and we have given grants of
money to all these lines. I doubt very much
whether the Sioux City branch will ever be
built. If it is built at all, it will probably be
built to 'Omaha.
Another thing to be considered is, that Kan-
sas is a State, and will receive more money
from the United States than has ever been
given by the United States Government to all
the States together. Kansas is the only State
in which the Government of the United States
has ever undertaken to build railroads. All
the other States have built their own systems
of railroads without any other aid from the
national Government except land grants and
ordinary facilities, and the Government has
been compensated for its land grants by the
increased value given to the remaining lands.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not be
aware that this Republican valley is mostly in
N ebraska.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know that; but this bill
authorizes the road to be extended westward
from Fort Riley, in the State of Kansas. If
they should follow the existing law they would
soon pass out of the State of Kansas and finish
their road in the Territory of Nebraska: but
the first section of this bill authorizes the road
to be extended westwardly to a point west of
the one hundreth meridian, and every mile of
that road is in the State of Kansas.
Undert.hese circumstances, the 1Jitited States
having already granted large money grants to
the State of Kansas, it seems to me that it is
not very modest, to say the least, to ask more
of us at this time for that State. An attempt
to build two branches of the Pacific railroad
within one State is rather too much, in my
judgment. I am willing to extend all facili-
ties to the Pacific railroad or any ofits branches
that will not involve a larger appropriation of
money, but I am not willing to grant any ad-
ditional sums of money. As this amendment
does that, I shall certainly vote against it, and it
will undoubtedly defeat the bill, in my opinion.
Mr. CONNESS The bill before the Senate
does not propose to increase the grants to any
of the Pacific railroad companies 
The PRESIDENT|«'o tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the special order.
Several Senators. Let us finish this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the order of the
day will be postponed temporarily until we get
through with this bill. It will not occupy long,
I am satisfied.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order is the bill (S. No. 257) to regulate
the occupation of mineral lands and to extend
the right of preemption thereto.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 suggest that that bill be
laid aside temporarily.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That can
be done by common consent.
Mr. WILSON. I hope it will not be done.
Mr. CONNESS. This bill will only occupy
a few minutes.
Mr. HO WARD. And it is a very important
bill.
Mr. WILSON. I think it will take some
time.
Mr. CONNESS. Do I understand the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts to object to our con-
tinuing the consideration of this bill?
