1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
State of Iowa choose to call a meeting and to
invite me to be present and to talk to them. I
could help being present, it is true; but that
would look so much like dodging that it would
not be in accordance with my manner of doing
business. The simple, unvarnished tale is this:
when I went home I found that the people were
intensely excited upon the question of negro
suffrage and the question of reconstruction, and
my neighbors and acquaintances came to see
me—and I will say to my colleague that I have
lived in Davenport more than twenty-one years,
and the people there know me perfectly well—
and said to me, "What are you going to do in
Congress? Are you going to allow the rebel
States to come in?" My answer was, "I do
not know exactly what will be done; I do not
think they will be allowed to come in before we
can obtain some guarantees for the future; at
least they will not come in with my vote before
that is done."
They called a meeting at a place to which I
was not in the habit of going very much, and
invited me to be present and give them my
views and observations on the subject. I went
there, and talked to them as best I could, while
I had anything to say. A gentleman near me
asks me what kind of a place it was. I will
say in reply that it was a theater; and I am not
in the habit of going much to the theater, and
am not presumed to be a very good actor in such
places.
I am just reminded by the Speaker of this
House, who sits near me at the present mo-
ment, that he onee made a speech in the same
place; and I will say in this connection that
the meeting which 1 addressed was said to be
the largest meeting which ever assembled there,
except upon the occasion when the Speaker ad-
dressed the people of that portion of the coun-
try.
Now, sir, at the conclusion of that meeting
the people there introduced some resolutions—
pointed, direct, straightforward, uncompromis-
ing radical resolutions; and in those resolutions
they took occasion to indorse the entire Iowa
delegation inCongress, except my colleague from
the fifth district. Now, as that meeting took
place at my home, it might be supposed by stran-
gers that 1 possibly might have had something
to do with getting up those resolutions. But
any man who knows me there or here would
not charge me with that. I will say, however,
to gentlemen of this House—it is not necessary
I should say it to my colleague, as it has been
said to him before—that I knew nothing more
of those resolutions than the child unborn, until
they were presented at that meeting. So much
for that part of the history.
But I will say to the gentleman, as ho has in-
troduced this matter into the House in this way,
that he is not indorsed by the people of Iowa
in the course which he takes here, and that he
does not represent even his own district upon
that question, nor any other district in the State
of Iowa. And no man who comes here from
the State of Iowa and trims his course to suit
the views of the slaveholders of the South will
represent the people of that State, whether that
be right or wrong.
But, sir, I do not know that I ought to com-
plain, or that this House ought to complain,
because this House well knows that history but
repeats itself. Eighteen hundred years ago and
more there were twelve men selected for a cer-
tain purpose. As this House will remember,
two of those twelve men proved recreant to the
great object for which they were called. One
of them, for a certain sum of money, was led
to do a thing which even in his own opinion
was worthy of death, and consequently he went
out and hanged himself. The other was guilty
of profanity and falsehood. Taking two out of
the twelve was one out of six, and there are just
six Representatives from Iowa upon this floor.
[Laughter.] I make no application. I merely
state the facts as they exist.
This House will bear me testimony that I am
not iu the habit of making speeches, I have no
speech written on this or any other subject. I
had not intended to say one word on this ques-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 16.
tion. But when my veracity on this subject is
called in question, directly or indirectly, then I
presume it is my duty, as well as my privilege,
to defend myself and to defend the constitu-
ency that I represent upon this floor. And I
will take this occasion to say—though it may not
be a personal explanation, and I only have the
floor for a personal explanation—that it is unjust
to the negro to get up here and say that in the
crushing of this rebellion,.when the upper and
nether millstones were brought to bear upon
the forces in arms against the Government and
the country—it is unjust, ungenerous, and be-
neath the dignity of any man, whether white
or black, to say that the negroes were not in at
the death. Does not every man in this country
know that the negroes took up arms in defense
of the old flag just as soon as this Government
would allow them to do so? Again, and again,
and again, they besought this Government, in
every possible way, to be allowed to do some-
thing for the defense of the Government and the
suppression of the rebellion. But the Govern-
ment, until a certain period, drove them back,
returned them to chains and slavery, said to
them, "We have no use for you; you cannot
be permitted within our lines." Order No. 3
stands to-day to the eternal disgrace of the
American nation.
Yet, in the Thirty-Ninth Congress, a gentle-
man of high college attainments stands up here
and says that the negroes are deserving of no
credit, because they have not been upon the
field at certain times which he has mentioned.
Now, sir, no man who understands the history
of this war, and is willing to do justice and to tell
the truth about the negroes, will say they have
not been present at every time and under all
circumstances to defend the flag and to suppress
treason and put down traitors when they have
had the opportunity and been allowed to do so.
I might read a word here in justification of
what I have said. I say my colleague [Mr.
Kasson] docs not represent the people of the
State of Iowa. Let me read a few words from
a paper of that State, a copy of which 1 have
received to-day. I will not read the whole of
it, because it contains some harder things than
I have ever dared to say on this floor about him
or any other man. I will simply read this
much of it:
" Tho peoplo of Iowa do not indorse Mr. Kasson's
idea of reconstruction, but propose to lay him on the
shelf. His ideas will not bo supported by a corporal's
guard in the Iowa Legislature."
Now, sir, I have the right to read that lan-
guage when my colleague stands up here and
tells you so, that it may go out to the country,
that he has been indorsed by the Iowa Legisla-
ture.
I have read from a most respectable paper
published in the State of Iowa, tho second prob-
ably to only one paper in the State in circula-
tion; but when the gentleman makes the issue
ho must take the consequences. If I have not
made the point clear that the fight in Iowa was
on the subject of negro suffrage, and was car-
ried by sixteen thousand majority, then I will
be glad to answer any question which any gen-
tleman present may wish to propound to me to
make it as clear as possible. If no gentleman
has any question to put to mc I have nothing
more to say, cxccpt to thank the gentleman
from Indiana [Mr. Juuax] and the House for
this opportunity to set this question right, be-
fore this House and the country, as the facts
have justified mc in doing.
Mr. JULTAN resumed the floor.
Mr. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to allow
me a word of reply.
Mr. PEICE. I object, unless I be allowed
to reply.
Mr. JULIAN. I yield to the gentleman.
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, it is altogether
becoming that a gentleman who has made an
attack such as that to which we have just list-
ened should protest to my friend from Indiana
against allowing me a word in reply. I am in
the habit, sir, of speaking yes or no when yes
or no tells the truth ; and I am in the habit, of
telling iu more words what the truth is when
yes or no does not do it. I commend the prac-
tice to my colleague from Iowa. N§ver,lia,te
I answered the argument of a colleague of mine
upon this floor, nor taken! up a discussion, with
them. I have held to the maxim tha.t" it'.ji a
dirty bird, that fouls its,o*ya nest," and I com-
mend the maxim to $iy colleague, and shall
be encouraged in it by the' people of his dis-
trict. ' " ' ' ' ' >•-- <■>
But when he flings the gauntlet _$t me, when
he stands up to say I provoked this issue; i $e y
it, and make,the issue directly here and now,
and appealtotlie House whetherlmadeany issue
of voracity upon this floor. When he aslted
me, upon my yielding the floor to him, whether
this subject was not in issue, I read the platform
of the party on the subject. I told him what
was the various county action upon the plat-
form. I told him the result in his own county.
I showed how it was in the issue by the fecta m
the case.
He says that he did not have anything to do
with the getting up of the resolutions at the
meeting at which he spoke. All I have to say
is, that I have letters from citizens of his own
town on my table which charge him, first, with
getting up the meeting for the purpose of opposi-
tion to the President and to myself, and secondly,
with writing the offensive resolutions. [Laugh-
ter.] One of the letters goes further, and says,
in addition to what I have stated, that one of the
members of the committee, in consequence of
the indignation expressed in that town, hadcome
out with a card, in some way apologizing for the
action taken by them. Not only that; but since
he has foolishly declared that my district does
not indorse me, I will add that these letters
from his own town declare that he could not be
el ected as alderman in any ward of the city of
Davenport to-day. [Laughter.]
Now, sir, the difference between him and me
is this: he says I do not represent my district.
I have shown that he came within a few votes
of losing the banner county of his own State and
of his own residence, because of the action which
he took in his own county. He does not deny
it. I do deny his charge, and challenge him to
the proof that my district does not support me in
the position I have taken. He saj's that I took
the occasion to be absent from the canvass. I
did go across the plains, and I do not cease to
thank God for the years that it has added to my
life. And I tell my colleague that I am indebted
to it for the vim with which I am now enabled
to nail his charges to the floor. Before I left.,
the Governor of that State and the chairman of
the Republican State central committee desired
of me, if I should not be present in the canvass,
at least to issue an address. I did write an ad-
dress—I hold it in my hand—which the gentle-
man refers to as a letter; and in that address I
urged our people to hold together. 1 shall
trouble the House with only a single sentence
of it:
"Lot us continue in union among ourselves, toler-
ant of minor differences of opinion, that national
union and liberty may bo confirmed by oar.united
labors."
This address was issued to the people of my
district for the purpose of resisting the efforts
then made to break us in pieces. In that ad-
dress I cited Mr. Lincoln's opinion, and Sir.
Jefferson's opinion, and said 1 wonldgo the
length of both for negro suffrage—that is, qual-
ified suffrage. I came out clearly to the ex-
tent of my influence and action in that case,
by asking, asl stated here to-day, thatthe word
"white" should be stricken out of the consti-
tution in order to allow qualified suffrage, for
which in this address I expressly declared my-
self. Unless I am very much mistaken, there
was no essential difference between a published
letter of a Senator from my Stale and my own
position in that canvass.
Now, sir, is it fair, in view of the treatment
I have uniformly extended to my colleague, for
him to raise personal issues with me in the
manner that.he has done? Am I entitled to be
treated with such discourtesy? He a!one_ has
raised the issue. The question of negro suffrage
was before the people of my State in the man-
