w
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3225
Mr. WILSON. I desire to go on with the
regular order of business.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let this bill be dis-
posed of.
Mr. WILSON. I want time to look into this
bill and time to discuss it fully. I expect to
do so, and I desire it to go over for that pur-
pose. I regard it as a bill that works a great
wrong to those engaged in constructing this
road. I desire time to look into it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made to laj'ing aside the special order, it
is before the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. Before we proceed with
the special order, I beg leave to suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts, since he has given
notice that he will discuss the Pacific railroad
bill, from the consideration of which we are
now passing, that those of us who are much
interested in the passage of that bill would like
that he should prepare himself and be ready to
discuss it to-morrow morning in the morning
hour. We intend to call it up, because it is a
bill requiring immediate consideration.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the Senator from
Massachusetts does not ask that it bo put over
on account of the amendment which I have
offered, but on account of the bill itself.
Mr. GRIMES. I should ask it on that ac-
count. 1 move that the amendment proposed
by the Senator from Kansas be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
pekronal explanation.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I desire the indulgence
of the Senate for a moment. 1 rise, Mr. Pres-
ident, to a privileged question. My engage-
ments were such this morning that I could not
be in the Senate during the morning hour. A
friend has called my attention to the New York
Tribune, of Friday last, in which, giving an
account of the personal difficulty between Gen-
eral ivoi'sseav, of the House of Representa-
tives, and Mr. Grivvkij,, I find this remark,
speaking of General Rousseau :
"Among hi.-5 backers who were present was Sen-
ator naui,sht:ry, who had been awaiting for some
time the anticipated assault."
Mr. President, I never assaulted any man.
I never advised any man to assault another.
It is true that I was present at the time the
difficulty occurred ; but I was at the other end
of the porch and I did not see the coinmence-
mentof it. Governor Saulsbury, who had been
sitting by my side during the day, upon the in-
vitation of our .Representative in the other
House left the Senate Chamber with the under-
standing that if the House adjourned before the
Senate he would come back here, and if the
Senate adjourned before the House I should go
over there. The Senate did adjourn before the
House, and 1 went over to the House. In a
few moments after I got over there a motion
was made to adjourn. To avoid the crowd, we
started out and got into the Rotunda. It was
raining very hard and we went on the east
front to sea if we could procure a carriage.
Whiie waiting for a carriage, with our backs
turned toward General Rousseau and Mr.
Grixxell, I heard the application of a cane to
some person, and turned round and saw that
General Rousseau was caning Mr. Grinnkll.
^ That is my connection and all the connec-
tion I had with it. Lt was accidentally that I
was there. I never heard of any assault being
contemplated, had no knowledge of it in the
world, was simply there accidentally; and yet
these reporters, who love to tell the truth so
well, must drag me into the public papers as
an accomplice to an assault! I wish to pro-
nounce the whole thing a falsehood from begin-
ning to end, and the author a willful liar.
mineral lands.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
proceeded to consider the bill (S. No. 2o7) to
regulate the occupation of mineral lands and
to extend the right of preemption thereto, the
question being on the amendment reported by
the Committee on Mines and Mining to strike
out all of the original bill after the enacting
clause and in lieu thereof to insert the fol-
lowing:
That the mineral lands of the public domain, both
surveyed and unsurveyed, are hereby declared to be
free and open to exploration and occupation by all
citizens of the United States, and those who have de-
clared their intention to become citizens, subject to
such regulations as may be prescribed by law, and
subject also to the local custom or rules of minors in
the several mining districts, so far as the same may
not be in conflict with the laws of the United States.
sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That whenever
any person or association of persons claim a vein or
lode of quartz or other rock in place, bearing gold,
silver, cinnabar, or coppcr, having previously occu-
pied and improved the same according to the local
custom or rules of miners in the district whero the
same is situated, and in regaid to whose possession
there is no controversy or opposing claim, it shall and
may be lawful for said claimant or association of
claimants to iile in the local land office a plat of the
same so extended laterally or otherwise as to conform
to the local laws, customs, and rules of miners, and to
onter such tract and reccivo a patent therefor, grant-
ing such mine, together with the light to follow said
vein or lode, with its dips, angles, and variations, to
any depth, although it may enter the land adjoining,
which land adjoining shall bo sold subject to this
condition, and upon the further indefeasible condi-
tion, both to be fully expressed in tho patent, that
the owners and occupants of the mine so appropri-
ated and held shall pay into the Treasury of the
United States, in each and every year until the na-
tional debt shall have been paid, throe per cent, of
the net product of said mine, vein, or lode, which
shall be in lieu of tho stamp tax now levied upon
bullion extracted from the public domain.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enaetcd, That upon the fil-
ing of the plat and survey as provided in the second
soction of this act, tho register of tho land office shall
publish a notico of the samo in a newspaper pub-
lished nearest to the location of said claim, and shall
also post such notico in his oflico for the period of
ninety days; and after the expiration of said period,
if no advorsc claim shall have been filed, it shall bo
tho duty of the surveyor general, upon application
of the party, to survey the premises and make a plat
thereof, indorsed with his approval, designating the
number and description ot the location; and upon
the payment to the proper officer of live dollars per
aero the register of the land office shall transmit to
tho General Land Oflico said plat, survey, and de-
scription, and a patent shall issue forthesame there-
upon; and the surveyorgeneralsh.ill reccivo for such
service such compensation as is allowed by law, with
mileage not to exceed at legal rates the amount
chargeable fiom the county seat of the county in
which tho claim may bo situated to tho said claim.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That when such
location and entry of a mine shall be upon unsur-
veyed lands, it shall and may ijo lawful, after tho
extension thereto of the public surveys, to adjust tho
survcysto the limits of the premises according to tho
location and possession and plat aforesaid, and the
surveyor general may, in extending ihesurveys, vary
the same from a rectangular form to suitthocircum-
stances of the country and the local rules, laws, and
customs of mineis: J'rovtdcd, That no location here-
after made shall exceed three hundred feet in length
along the vein for each locator, with an additional
claim for du-covery to the discoverer with tho right
to lollow such vein to any depth, with all its dips,
variations, and angles, together with a reasonable
quantity of surface for tho convenient working of
tncsaino as fixed by local rules.
Sue. 5. And he. it further cuactvd, That the President
of the^United States be, and is hereby, authorized to
establish additional land districts and to appoint the
necessary officers under existing laws, wherever he
may deem tho samo necessary for the public con-
venience in executing the piovisions of this act.
Sko. (>. And, bf> it furfh'r enacted, That whenever
adverse claimants to any mine located, and claimed
as aforesaid, shall appear, belorc the approval of the
survey as piovidcd in the third section of this act, all
proceedings *1mI1 be stayed until a final settlement,
and adjudication in the courts of competent jurisdic-
tion ol the rights of possession to such elaiiu, when a
patent may is-ue as in other cases.
Sec. 7. And be it furth'-r enacted, That wherever,
prior to the passage of this act, upon tho lands here-
tofore doMc-ntited as mineral lands which have been
excluded from suivey and sa.le, there have been
homesteads made by citizens of the United State?,
or persons who have declared their intention to be-
come citizens, which homesteads have been made,
improved, and used for agricultural purposes, and
upon which there have been no valuable mines of
gold, silver, cinnabar, or platinum discovered, or
which are properly agricultural lands, tho said set-
tlers or owners of such homesteads shall have aright
of preemption thereto, and shall be entitled to pur-
chase the same at the price of $1 2r> per acre, and in
quarititv not to exceed one hundred and sixty acres,
or said parties may avail themselves of the provis-
ions of the act of Congress approved May 20,1KC2,
entitled "An act to secure homesteads to actual set-
tlers on the public domain," and acts amendatory
thereof.
Sue. 8. And be it further enacted. That upon the
survey of the lands aforesaid, the Secretary of the
Interior may designate and set apart such portions
of the said laiuU a* are cltaily agricultural hands,
which lands shall thereafter he subject to preemp-
tion and sale as other Public lands of the United
States, and subject to ail the laws and regulations
applicable to the name.
Seo. 9. And be it further cnaetcd, That whenever,
by priority of possession, rights to the use of water
for mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other
purposes, have vested and accrued, and the same
are recognized and acknowledged by the local cus-
toms, laws, and the decisions of courts, the possessors
andowners of such vested rights shall be maintained
and protected in the same; and the right of way for
the construction of ditches and canals for the pur-
poses aforesaid is hereby acknowledged and con-
firmed: Provided, however, That whenever, after the
passage of this act, any person or persons shall, in
the construction of any ditch or canal, injure or
damage the possession of any settler on the public
domain, the party committing such injury or damage
shall be liable to the party injured for such injury or
damage.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That the right of
way for the construction of highways over public
lands, not reserved for public uses, is hereby granted.
Mr. STEWART. I have three or four slight
amendments to offer to the committee's amend-
ment. After the word "situated/' in line six
of section two, 1 move to insert the words " and
having expended in actual labor and improve-
ments thereon an amount of not less than
$1,000 so that the clause will read:
That whenever any person or association of per-
sons claim a vein or lode of quartz or other rock in
place, bearing gold, silver, cinnabar, or copper, hav-
ing previously occupied and improved the samo ac-
cording to tho local custom or rules of miners in tho
district where the same is situated, and having ex-
pended in actual labor and improvements thereon an
amount of not less than 61,000, &c.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In lines sixteen and seven-
teen of the second section I move to strike out
the words "both to be fully expressed in the
patent."
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like the Sen-
ator from Nevada to explain that amendment.
Mr. STEWART, Those words are embod-
ied in another portion of the amendment, and
I propose to strike them out here.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In section three of the
amendment, line eleven, after the word " loca-
tion,'' I move to insert the words "the value
of the labor and improvements, and the char-
acter of the vein exposed so that the clause
will read :
It shall be the duty of tho surveyor general, upon
application of the party, to survey the premises and
make a plat thereof, indorsed with his approval,
designating tho number and description of the loca-
tion and value of the labor and improvements, and
the character of tho vein exposed.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In section seven of the
amendment, line eight, I move to strike out
the word "platinum" and to insert the word
"copper," and in line nine, after the word
"'discovered," to strike out the word "or"
and insert the word "and."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I move further to amend
the amendment by adding the following as an
additional soction:
And be it further enacted, That as a further condition
of sale, in the absence, of necessary legislation by
Congress, tho local Legislature of any State or Ter-
ritory may provide rules for working raineb, involv-
ing easements, drainage, and other necessary means
for their complete development; and these conditions
shall be fully expressed in the patent.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, the mag-
nitude of the interests involved in this bill, and
my long residence in the mining regions of the
Pacific, make it proper for me to submit an
explanation of the laws and customs of min-
ers, the importance of mining, and the objects
sought to be attained by the proposed legisla-
tion.
Upon the discovery of gold in California in
1848, a large emigration of young men imme-
diately rushed to that modern Ophir. These
people, numbering in a few months hundreds
of thousands, on arriving at their future home
found no laws governing the possession and
occupation of mines but the common law of
