1306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
diana [Mr. Orth] will permit me, I would like
to have read at the Clerk's desk a letter which
I have just received from the State of Georgia.
As it has a direct bearing upon the facts and
questions the gentleman is now offering to the
House, it may be well to have it read.
Mr. ORTH. I will yield for that purpose.
The Clerk read the letter, as follows:
Augusta, Georgia. i¥arc7t 1,1866.
My Dear Sir: Thinlcingyou would like to hear the
views apd impressions of one located in the heart of
the South, I have concluded to write you in regard to
the State of the country here. Since S arrivedlhave
studied the temper and disposition of tho people of
both of my district and this city, where I reside, and
you will perhaps be astonished when X say to you
that they are as intolerant and rebellious as any time
during the war. I do not think they undeistand the
situation in Washington. All this neighborhood is
infested with mounted bands of desperadoes,who are
ex-rebel soldiers,and who are niurdciing Union men
and negroes by scores. In rav dish ict there nro two
such bands.one led by an ex-major of tho rebel army.
Only last night X received information that they had
murdered two negroes. Tins fellow has eleven cars,
cut from negroes, which he exhibits as trophies. 1
have seen two poor fellows whose oars were cut off.
Mr. Beaton Smith (son ot the late J)r. Beaton Smith,
of I'hiLuMpliuij has jir t left my office; ho has been
driven from his plantation and robbed, simply becauso
lie is of northern birth; ho is forbidden to return
homo, and is expecting houily to hear his home has
been burned. General King was dismounted and
robbed of everything within a mile of this city; and
the very streets of Augusta aro unsafe for northern
men after dark.
X have conversed with men of all classes here, and
they say openly (hat Ihey were not conquered but
only laid down their aims because it was expedient
to do so: and that they intend to resume hostilities
tho moment they sec a, chance ot doing so with ad-
vantage. These facts you mayrclv upon, lor 1 assure
you I have seen tho men on whom these devilish out-
rages were committed. I liavo seen the smoldering
ruins of the pioperty of northern settlers. It is no
mere rumor or gossip. If desirable, it can be sub-
stantiated by hundreds of witnesses. Xolhing but
the st roil garni of military power can bring these peo-
ple to (heir senses, and wo liavo not tho forco to do it
with. The moment tho troops are removed the citi-
zens say openly t hat tliey intend to send every Yankeo
where they belong, and will attend to tho negroes as
they deserve.
I hope you will excuse this long letter, hut T thought
it toy duty to give you nil idea, of' the state of feeling
hen*. Vou know I am not an e\trennst, but rather
conservative m my v icw.s; but 1 do not like to see the
people of tiie North misled,
t am, very truly, yours, ,
Hon. M. It. Tuaykr, M. 0., VSatthinfrlon.
Mr. TITAYI'lU. For obvious reasons, 1
withhold from publication the name of this
writer of this letter ; but I desire to say that
he is well known to mo. Ilo. is a citizen of
Philadelphia, of the most, unimpeachable ve-
racity and of the highest character; a <_'on(Io-
nian whom 1 have known for many years, and
about whose words no man can express the
slighlosl doubt, i desire to say further, that
Ihe wtilerof this lell.er is a gallant olltcer of
the Army of the (Iniled St a! es, and w hile serv-
ing in defense of his country he has received
two rebel bullets through his body.
Mr. KliDUllXrlC. Does he support Presi-
dent Johnson or Congress?
Mr. T11A\ ER. lie is for his country and
against trailors everywhere.
Mr. OIIT1I. 1 prefer not toyicld any further
at this lime,
file press oft he country has tit all times been
regarded as a fair exponent of the feelings
and sentiments of the people in its immediate
locality.
Tho old editors of the South whose business
it was to "fire the southern heart" and prepare
the way for treason, are again engaged in their
nefarious work of stirring up si rife and sedition
and keeping alive a feeling of bitterness and
haired toward tho Government which they
failed to destroy. To such an extent has this
evil grown as to call from General Grant the
promulgation of this order:
XIi:apqu\rtkrs Ait\in;s op tn i: !Jxrn::i> States,
Washington, I). 0., February 17, I860.
You will please send to these headquarters as soon
as practicable, and Irom time to time thereafter, sueli
copies of newspapers published in your department
as contain sentiments of disloyalty and hostility to
the Government in any of ils branches; and state
whether such paper is habitual m its utterances of
such sentiments. The persistent, publication of ar-
ticles calculated to keep up a feeling of hostility
between the people of different sections of the coun-
try cannot lie tolerated.
This information is called for with a view to their
suppression, which will be done from these head-
quarters only.
By command ofLieutenant General Grant;
T. S. BOWERS,
Assistant Adjutant General.
The following communication sent to this
House by the Secretary of the Treasury shows
the great difficulty under which the Govern-
ment is laboring while searching among the
rebel rubbish of the South to find "loyal" men
sufficient to fill the few revenue offices in their
States. It is a rehearsal of the old story of
Diogenes with his lantern hunting for an hon-
est man. In fact, "but one such could be
found in twenty-three of the most populous
counties of the State of Georgia." I would
respectfully suggest to the honorable Secretary
that he will find plenty of men all over tho
loyal States, honest, capable, and willing to
accept all the offices within his gift in these
rebellious States, and who can take the "test,
oath" without the commission of perjury; and
especially will he find such men among that
noble army who are conversant with the State
of Georgia, having accompanied the gallant
Sherman in his "march to the sea."
Assessor's Office, U. S. Internal Revenue,
Third District or Georgia,
Augusta, December 20, 1865.
Sir : I am constrained to write youin relation to the
repeal or modilieation of tho "test oath" so far as it
relates to tho internal revenue officers, at least as-
sistant assessors in southern States. X have labored
assiduously to tind competent, men (who could take
the oath) for assistants, and have to report that I
failed to lind any such, except in a single instance, in
my district, comprn-ingtwenty-threeof thomostpop-
nlous counties in the State of Georgia. X have organ-
ized my district by allowing theassistants to take the
oath of ollice and allegiance and procecd to the dis-
charge of their duties, trusting to Congress to provide
for their payment, as directed by tho Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. Many of those men arc very
much reduced in circumstances by the war, and stand
in imperativeneed of their payin order toprovidefor
their families. Xndced, some of fliem will bo com-
pelled soon to resign their places in order to engage
m some business thatwill yield them ready mon ey on
which to live. X am satisfied that unless something
is done in this matter immediately 1 shall be unable
to assess the tax in my district.
If Congiess would so modify the oatli as far as it
relates to officers of the Internal Xtevenue and Post
Ollice Departments down here, I am sure it would bo
regarded everywhere and prove to be a patriotic
measure—one in which both North and South are
equally interested. Unless something of the kind is
done X am a t a loss to know what wo are to do.
Xlcspoctl'ully, _ J. BOWIjE,
Aifennor Third District of Georgia.
lion. Hugh McCulloch, Nceretarv of the Treasury.
1 do not think it likely that the present Con-
gress, at least, will accommodate those Georgia
gentlemen, who are now so anxious to fill office
under our Government, and it will bo for the
people hereafter to say whether they will suffer
men to lie elected or appointed to any Federal
office who have voluntarily borne arms in the
rebel government, or given aid and comfort to
the enemy.
Permit me, Mr. Speaker, to give another
instance of this want of loyalty on the part of
" our southern brethren." It occurred on the
floor of the House but a few days ago, and the
vivid impression it made will not soon be for-
gotten. The chairman of the Post Office Com-
mittee [Mr. Alley] had presented a bill in
reference to postal affairs in the South, when
the following colloquy occurred :
"Mr. Boutwkll. Let me ask my colleague a ques-
tion. Why has not a postmaster been appointed in
everv village, town, and city of the South?
"Mr. Alley. The reason is because the Postmaster
General is so particular, and justly so, that he will not
allow any man to servo in tha.tX)epartmentwhodocs
not subscribe to tho oath prescribed by the laws of tho
United States,
" Mr. Boutwell. Does the chairman of tho Com-
mittee on tho Post Ofiico and Post Roads inform this
House that theroisnot at least one loyal man in each
post office district of the South ?
" Mr. Alley. 1 moan to say there is not, at least
the Postmaster General has only been able to find
something like two thousand, being only one fourth
of the whole, who could take the oath which the law
prescribes."
Here is food for reflection. Let loyal men
ponder it well! What is the remedy for this
state of things?
We are told by the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Finck,] who has preceded me in this dis-
cussion. that the panacea for these evils is the
immediate repeal of the test oath of July 2,1862,
and he has already introduced a bill for that
purpose. He is at least a bold, if not a brave,
man who, in the light of our recent history, is
anxious to break down this great barrier, and
at this early day to invite the traitors to take
possession of the Government. "Wait at least,
I pray you, until the blood of our murdered kin-
dred shall have dried on rebel hands. Wait at
least until the approaching spring shall cover
with verdure the graves at Libby and Ander-
sonville. Wait at least until the wounds of the
soldier shall have had time to heal.
A justly incensed people will command you
to wait until the last traitor shall sleep the
sleep of death before that test oath shall be
removed from the nation's statute-book.
My remedy for (he evil is to appoint only
loyal men to the offices of the Government,
and where none such can be found in any par-
ticular lltality, select them from other localities.
An infusion of loyalty from the North will be
beneficial to the South, and there is no better
way to make treason odious than to place upon
the traitor the brand that he shall forever be
disqualified from holding any office under the
Government which he attempted to destroy.
tennessee.
The evidences of disloyalty to which I have
called the attention of the House, exist in a
greater or less degree all over the rebellious
district, but particularly so in what are known
as the Gulf States.
The border States now, as in 1801, when se-
cession first swept over the land, are in a much
better condition than those lying further South,
and for the simple reason that, being in closer
proximity to tho loyal Slates, tlioy are brought
into more intimate relations with them socially
and commercially, and thus, imperceptibly if
you please, more readily imbibe loyal senti-
ments. In this category Tennessee occupies a
most prominent position. We are told that
liberty loves to dwell among the mountain re-
gions of the world; that crags and precipices
but, seldom become the abode of despotism;
and to this wo can doubtless attribute the fact
that among the rugged fastnesses of East Ten-
nessee we have always found a spirit of free-
dom and of loyalty to the Republic equal to
that of any other portion of the country. When
we could not extend to them a helping hand,
they rallied of their own accord to tho defense
of their homes and the old flag with sublime
and heroic devotion, amid persecutions the
mostbloody and unrelenting of any that blacken
the records of this rebellion.
When others feared and trembled for the
safety of the Republic they never wavered in
their support of the right; defeat and disaster
seemed but to nerve them to deeds of nobler
daring.
Patriotism so pure, and courage so un-
daunted, could not bo without its effect, and
long before the collapse of the rebellion her
patriotic sons commenced the work of reorgan-
ization upon the basis of freedom and loyalty,
which they have carried forward andmaintained
under difficulties which would have appalled
less earnest men. Tennessee thus presents a
much better position than tho other revolted
States. She effected a loyal State organization
while the fires of rebellion were burning all
around her. She has preserved such organi-
zation, adding to its efficiency and permanency
every day. Of her own free will and accord
she amended her Constitution, forever abolish-
ing the institution o£*slavery, which was .sub-
mitted to her people, and by them ratified and
adopted. It is republican in form and not in-
consistent, with the Constitution and laws of the
United Slates. She has passed, and still main-
tains upon her statute-books, a law disfranchis-
ing all her leading rebels for the term of fifteen
years, and by her legislative acts granting to
her freedmen civil rights and privileges, she
has sot an example which ought to be followed
by some States in this Union whose loyalty has
never been doubted. As another evidence of
a purified public sentiment, her congressional
delegation is composed, so far as I know them,
of men upon whose garments there is not the
