1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4181
reward was offered for the apprehension. The
sum is fixed by the statute, and the parties who
apprehended these men are entitled to it.
Now, in deference to this commission, in
deference to what seems to be the popular wish,
this sum has been divided up as the evidence
seemed to require it to be done. Now, whether
General Baker gets one dollar or one penny
is wholly immaterial to me. When I shall
have presented the case here I shall have dis-
charged my duty. If the House chooses to
deprive him of what belongs to him upon the
ground suggested by the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Drtrgs,] then upon them will rest
the responsibility. He is no friend of mine.
In fact, all these men are strangers to me. If
T had had the giving of the reward after the
services had been performed I might not have
given so much to any of them. But that is not
the duty I was called upon to perform.
Now, in regard to the capture of Booth and
Herold the circumstances are these: General
Baker had that matter in charge as -chief de-
tective in Washington. He procured the evi-
dence of where these men were; he mapped
out the country to be searched; he called to
him his aids, Lieutenant Colonel Conger and
Lieutenant Baker, and gave them their orders.
He procured a military force, and furnished
the men who were in command of them with
guides, with their charts, and with their direc-
tions. He did the brain work; he was respon-
sible for the execution of the plan. It was his
own plan, and if it had been unsuccessful the
consequences would have fallen upon him, as
they would have fallen upon General Grant,
had he been unsuccessful in taking Petersburg
and Richmond.
General Baker committed the execution of
his plan to Lieutenant Colonel Conger, as
brave and gallant a soldier as any who fought
in our Army. He was a young man who en-
listed from the town of Fr6mont, in the State
of Ohio, on the 17th of April, 1861, and fought
his way through from that time until the end
of the war. He was twice shot through the
hips, and he is now here with a withered limb,
and unable to perform any manual labor. In
God's providence he had this trust committed
to him, and nobly did he discharge it.
If personal sympathy was to be allowed to
have anything to do with this matter, I should
say that Lieutenant Colonel Conger was the
most meritorious man who had aught to do
with this whole affair. He performed his duty
as'well as any man has performed any service
during the war. And he accomplished his
object. And with my consent he shall never
be ignored in this matter with the paltry ,sum
given to him under the rule prevailing in prize
cases. You might just as well undertake to
apply the rule which was observed in march-
ing the beasts into Noah's ark as to under-
take to apply that rule in this case. It is a per-
fect absurdity, and will strike every loyal mind
in that way. It does manifest injustice to that
brave soldier, and perpetrates an outrage upon
him. There are persons in this House who
fought with Lieutenant Colonel Conger, and
who know whether what I say is true. I only
speak from the evidence produced before mo.
Now, sir, Lieutenant Colonel Conger and
Lieutenant Baker started on their quest of
Booth and Herold. I do not wish to say any-
thing about the twenty-five men who were sent
with them; I do not wish to have that issue
forced upon me. I do not wish to discrimi-
nate one way or the other ; but I will say that
the evidence proves that the sum that is rec-
ommended to be given to them is all that they
deserve to receive. That is the evidence ; and
if any gentleman in this House has any evi-
dence to the contrary, I will yield to give him
an opportunity to produce it.
Finally, after laborious services, they reached
the tobacco warehouse where Booth and Her-
old were secreted. And I say here that to
Lieutenant Colonel Conger and Lieutenant
Baker is due the entire credit of capturing
those men in that tobacco warehouse. It was
with great difficulty that they were able to obtain
six men out of the whole twenty-five to assist
them the «. Finally, Lieutenant Colonel Con-
ger went *nd laid down rails in the vicinity of
three sides of the tobacco warehouse, and took
six men and placed them upon the rails, tell-
ing them that he would shoot the first man
who should leave his place. And this man
Corbett, who performed such great services to
the country, was one of the six men.
Lieutenant Baker stood alone at the front
door where Herold was captured. Herold
came out and surrendered to Lieutenant Ba-
ker, and he was taken and bound and tied
securely to. an apple tree. Then Lieutenant
Colonel Conger went to the warehouse and set
it on fire. Then as Booth was walking to the
front door, with his arms trailing, evidently
with the intention of surrendering, after hav-
ing refused to do so for half an hour—as he
was walking to the front door, Corbett, who
was then an insane man, thrust his pistol in
through a crack and fired it without knowing
where the ball was going. By a singular cir-
cumstance he hit Booth in the neck and Booth
was killed. This Corbett had been placed on
a rail, and told that if he left his place he
would be shot.
Now, mark another fact. In the mean time
Lieutenant Colonel Conger had to go, and with
his own hands, with the aid of young Garrett,
one of these rebels, and get rails to be propped
against the doors. Now, if you could see this
Lieutenant Colonel Conger here, see his crip-
pled condition, you would understand why it
is proposed to allow him what is called here
an "enormous sum," $17,500, for performing
the part which lie did. The cavalrymen, to
whom the War Department proposes that large
sums shall be given, were lying around under
the apple trees and elsewhere.
Corbett's version of the affair is that he for-
sook his place and fired this shot because
Providence directed him to do so. I am told
that Corbett has since died in a lunatic asy-
lum, and he was then evidently an insane man.
Yet he is given the same sum as the other sol-
diers receive. Foratwo days' ride I think that
is an ample compensation.
These soldiers had no care, no responsibility.
If they had been unsuccessful they would have
lost nothing. It was those who had charge of
the expedition who had all to gain or all to
lose. And the idea that the legislation of this
country is to be based upon any such paltry con-
sideration as to whether General Baker keeps
a hotel or dram-shop, or is engaged in any other
employment, is wholly foreign to the subject.
Mr. SCHENCK. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Hotchkiss] yield to me for a
moment?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would ask the gentle-
man upon what principle of calculation did the
committee propose to give $17,500 to General
Baker.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Upon the principle of
giving him the same sum as would be given to
any one else for the same service.
Mr. SCHENCK. How in regard to Lieu-
tenant Colonel Conger?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. By the principle that
would govern me if I was acting as a referee
or judge, or was sitting as a juror.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is there not, in the kin-
dred cases of distribution of prize money, a
law which gives to the commander of an ex-
pedition, whether an admiral, captain, or com-
modore, whether accompanying the expedition
or not, one twentieth of the whole prize money?
Now, General Baker, who is said to have been
the brains of the expedition, remained here in
Washington all the time, is allowed $17,500,
which is nearly one fourth of the whole.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I am not a sailor nor the
judge of a prize court, and I do not know any-
thing about their rules, nor do I care anything
about them. I judge of the merits of the ease
as it is presented to me.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman will under-
stand me. I desire to know what principle was
adopted.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The rule of merit; the
same judgment I would pronounce had I been
a referee or a judge or a juryman. - -
Mr. SCHEN*0K. I understand the gentle-
man to say the committee did not adopt any
kindred system.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The report says so.
Mr. SCHENCK. They adopted an arbitrary
system of their own.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It is not arbitrary. An
arbitrary rule is the will or fiat of the person
who adopts the rule. This is a rule which
grows out of the justice of the case.
Why, sir, this military commission deprived
James R. O'Beirne, the provost marshal of
this District, who performed extraordinary and
meritorious services, who tracked Booth and
Herold through the swamps of lower Maryland,
who tracked them to their hiding- places in Vir-
ginia, and who would have captured them if
this other expedition had not been sent out.
Colonel O'Beirne was deprived by this com-
mission of all share in the reward.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me. I am desirous of getting infor-
mation.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I do not yield further.
I remember when I could not have a moment's
time yielded to me by the gentleman, and when.
I simply asked him a question. I remember
the language used upon the occasion.
George Cottingham, who is certified by the
assistant judge advocate as having performed
as meritorious service as any man engaged in
the expedition, with having furnished him with
evidence, as the only man who adhered to him
night and day, procuring witnesses and securing
the conviction of the criminals. Yet this man,
supported by the strongest testimony, is entirely
ignored by this commission. There are a number
of like cases, but I will not follow them all up.
Alexander Lovett, who is certified as having
performed valuable and meritorious services,
is also ignored by this commission.
Mr. O'NEILL. I should like to ask a ques-
tion of the gentleman. If heis so convinced of
Lieutenant Lovett's finding out these men, and
giving the information which led to the arrest
of almost the whole party, why has not he been
recommended for more than $1,000?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The committee have
taken the responsibility to give him $1,000.
The War Department commission refused him
anything. I must confess we have been some-
what influenced by their judgment in this mat-
ter. An effort has been made to deny these
men any reward whatever. If any gentleman
wants to give these men more than we have
reported 1 have no objection to it.
Mr. O'NEILL. One word more. I ask
whether the gentleman will permit me to
amend the bill so as to raise the amount of
Lieutenant Lovett to SI,500.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. This subject has been
before the committee for several months. I be-
lieve it was referred to us in May last, and every
man has had a full and fair opportunity to come
before the committee and disclose all the facts
within his knowledge. I have sent far and
near to procure evidence.
Mr. O'NEILL. I understand there was a
letter before the committee from General Au-
gur, commanding this department, indorsing
Lieutenant Lovett, and certifying that he had
first found out where these parties had gone.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The gentleman's affec-
tion for Lieutenant Lovett is a very sudden
one. I have met the gentleman frequently,
and supposed I was on reasonable, intimate
terms with him, but never till now has he said
a word upon the subject. It is easy enough
where there are several hundred claimants
here to exhaust one's time and strength in
explaining why he has done this or that in
each individual case. The most I can say is,
so far as I am concerned, I have done the
best I knew how. If anybody else knows any
better I hope he will undertake the task.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to state that I pre-
sented the claim of Lieutenant^ Lovett to the
chairman of 4}ie Committee of Claims some
