1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
22&1
of the river, but one materially greater than there
was any occasion for.
" The hoard fully appreciates the value and impor-
tance of the railroad traffic, and is of opinion that a
bridge is necessary and should be constructed, not
only at Rock Island, but at other points on the Mis-
sissippi river; bat it is also of opinion that the in-
terests involved in the free navigation of this noble
Stream demand that in locating and constructing
these bridges unusual study should bo brought to
boar to insuro the presentation of the least possible
obstruction to the navigation, and that all considera-
tions of expediency and economy should be made to
yield to the paramount interests of the commerce of
the river."
The Committer; on Post Offices and Post
Roads, to whom this bill was referred, sought
information on the subject from every source
•where they could find it. The bill as referred
to them provided for a draw of but three hun-
dred feet, leaving a clear draw on either side
of the pivot pier of less than one hundred and
fifty feet, pfabably not over one hundred and
ten feet. It was also mandatory on the com-
pany to build a draw-bridge. Inasmuch as the
committee conceived that a bridge of continu-
ous spans was to be greatly preferred to a draw-
bridge, they changed the bill in that respect,
leaving it optional with the company which to
build.
The Senator from Missouri said that there
was no use in referring these bills to that com-
mittee, that they would make no examination
or modification of them, but simply report them
;as they received them. If he had read the bill
1 as reported by the committee, and also the bill
as referred to them, he would have seen that
they have made very important modifications,
Itad all in the interests of the navigation. We
have provided in the bill as reported that the
draw sljall be three hundred and fifty feet, leav-
ing a clear passage on either side of the pivot
pier of one hundred and fifty feet. If the bridge
shal.I be built with unbroken and continuous
spans, it is to be fifty feet above extreme high
water. This, we learn from experienced river
men, is all that is desired. Where the chim-
nies are taller than that, the arrangement is to
lower them upon the telescopic plan which has
been introduced there.
With regard to the spans other than the pivot
span, we have the information of competent
engineers that an excess of over three hundred
feet is not advisable. General MeCallum, who
had charge of railroad and bridge structures
during the war, says:
"The longest draw-bridge ever constructed in this
country is of two openings of one hundred and fifty
feet each, although I do not consider even a greater
length than this impracticable. Inoverthclese would
consider it unnecessary and impolitic. Any bridge
located at right angles with the stream, with current
of not more than four miles per hour, all purposes of
navigation should be fully met by one hundred and
fifty feet openings."
Mr. HOWE, I understand that the bill as
reported provides for these openings to be one
hundred and seventy-five feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. No, sir; the pivot pier
and the one half of the pier at each end of the
swing on which it rests detract from their width:
Mr. HOWE, But the span is to be one
hundred and seventy-five feet?
Mr. RAMSEY. The span is to be three
hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. HOWE. The spans arc to be not less
than one hundred and seventy-five feet in length
on each side of the center or pivot pier of the
draw.
Mr. RAMSEY. That makes three hundred
and fifty feet in all, and leaves a clcar draw of
about one hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. HOWE. That leaves an opening of
one hundred and seventy-five feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. Not in the clear.
Mr. HOWE. But it is on the side of the
pier.
Mr. RAMSEY. The span is to be three
hundred and fifty feet.
Mr. HOWE. Between this pier and the next.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should much prefer that
the railroad company should accept it with a
• span of one hundred and seventy-five feet in
the clear. That would require a swing-bridge
of four hundred feet.
Mr. HOWE. But I do not understand the
engineer to recommend any such thing. I do
not understand the authority the Senator just
read from to do so.
Mr. RAMSEY. One hundred and fifty feet
in the clear. " Spans of not less than one hun-
dred and seventy-five feet in length on each
side of the central or pivot pier of the bridge."
The pier on which it rests on either end of this
swing detracts from it; and a fair construction
would be from the center of the bridge one
hundred and seventy-five feet. The pivot pier
is a pier probably twenty feet in width, of
greater width than any of the other piers, and
under the bill it is required to be. The whole
of this immense structure, the swing-bridge,
rests upon it. That with the half the pier it rests
on at either end detracts so much from this
length as to {educe it to a clear passage of
about one hundred and fifty feet. That much
can be done, and I think that much ought to
be conceded.
Mr. HOWE. The idea is this: the span is
required by the bill to be one hundred and
seventy-five feet. The span I understand to
be the stretch from pier to pier, and not from
the center of one pier to the center of the next.
Mr. RAMSEY. When we framed this bill
we understood it to be from the center of the
pier to the center of the opposite pier, from
the center of the swing pier to the center of the
resting pier.
Now, I think in this bill we have guarded
all these various interests upon the river. We
have insured, I think, a safe passage-way suf-
ficiently largo. We have required the piers to
be on a line with the current. We have re-
quired the elevation to be fifty feet above high
water if the bridge be constructed of a contin-
uous span. 4 I think we have provided against
every fault that has been heretofore complained
of in the other bridges erected upon that river.
As I said before, if we could avoid building
bridges entirely on the Mississippi river, 1 should
esteem it in the interests of the country which
I represent and in the interests of navigation
upon that river; but the fact is that almost in
spite of law they are building them. At this
time 1 am told they are building a bridge upon
the Mississippi river at Burlington. It is, then,
important at this time, before these structures
are up, when it will be impossible to remove
them, the interest for retaining them being so
large, that Congress should stop in and regu-
late the construction, so as to be as little inju-
rious to the navigation of the river as possible.
No one can appreciate more than I do the
importance of the trade on the river. 1 know
that at a few of the towns on the Mississippi—
St. Louis, Louisville, and others—the trade of
1805 amounted to more than seven hundred
million dollars ; twice as much as our foreign
trade. In the State of Minnesota, far up at
the head of that river, we ourselves shipped
eight million bushels of wheat last year. Then
the continued navigation of this river to us is
of the first importance. But, sir, we realize
the fact that in spite of us, in spite of all our
desires, in spite of the interest of navigation
on that river, they will persist in erecting these
bridges; and hence we deem it of the highest
importance now, when few have yet been con-
structed, that Congress should step in and, as
well as it can, regulate them. As I said be-
fore, there are but three bridges now spanning
the river, but there are applications for a dozen
in this and the other House of Congress. We
know, too, from the immense capital invested
in the railroads that approach that river upon
the east and upon the west, that they will cross
it. It is not to be expected that they should
be successfully resisted forever. They will cross
it some time. I think now is the time when
Congress should step in and regulate them, so
as to be as little obstructive as possible.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to ask the Sen-
ator from Minnesota before lie takes his seat
what evidence the committee have that a draw
of the length prescribed in this bill is manage-
able.
Mr. RAMSEY. Wehave evidence of larger
draws, but they have been erected under ex-
traordinary circumstances. There is a bridge
at one of the sea-port towns of France longer
even than this. 'Ihere is an iron swing-bridge
at Brest, in Prance, spanning a water passage
of three hundred ana forty-seven feet clear,
movable off its bed, erected at a total cost of
$400,000. It is a Government work, erected,
I presume, without reference either to the ex-
pense of its construction in the first instance,
or to the_ expense of its management afterward.
It is desirable, of course, that we should strike
a medium in the erection of these swing-
bridges on the Mississippi, so as to injure neither
the river nor the bridge interest. If we make
them too large, they will often be out of order
and immovable, and the boats, in passing up
and down, will be interrupted. If they are
made of smallest size, as requested by some,
of course the channel-way will not be large
enough for business. Now, the point between
the two most desirable is that they should be
easily workable, and at the same time as large
as can be allowed. In that way the proper
medium will be obtained and all interests pre-
served.
Mr. GRIMES. The proposition now pend-
ing before the Senate is an amendment pro-
posed by myself authorizing the construction
of a bridge at Burlington, on the Mississippi
river, by the Chicago, Burlington, and Quincy
Railroad Company, upon the same terms and
under,the same restrictions and with the same
powers and privileges that are proposed by this
bill to be granted to the -company that seeks to
be authorized to build a bridge at Quincy, in
the State of Illinois 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Anthony
in the chair.) The hour of one o'clock hav-
ing arrived, it beconves the duty of the Chair
to call up the unfinished business of Friday
last, being the bill (H. R. No. 280) making
appropriations for the service of the Post Office
Department during the fiscal year ending the
30th of June, 1807, and for other purposes.
Mr. HENDERSON.^ I think this can be
disposed of in a short time.
Mr. GRIMES. Very soon, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no objection to
the special order being laid aside informally,
if it does not lose its place.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
be done by unanimous consent. The Chair
hears no objection. The consideration of Sen-
ate bill No. 236 will be continued.
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose if there is any-
body here who is peculiarly interested in the
navigation of the Mississippi river, I am about
as much interested as any one else. I have
for thirty years lived immediately upon its
banks, and I think that I am somewhat famil-
iar with the condition of the commerce of the
country connected with that river. A portion
of the people in the town in which I live, fan-
cying that the construction of a bridge will not
be to their own particular individual benefit,
would not favor the passage of this law, while
I think that those who take the broadest, most
comprehensive, and most correct view on the
subject would favor it.
But whatever may be the opinions of my
fellow-citizens of that town, there cannot be
any question that the commerce and the inter-
ests of the State at large, which I have the
honor here in part, to represent, demand that
there should be facilities for crossing the river
without breaking the bulk of the freights that
are to go over. Then the only question is
whether or not bridges can be constructed
across the Mississippi river so as to facilitate
the crosswise commerce that is going east and
west without obstructing or unnecessarily im-
peding the commerce that has hitherto and
which is destined in the future to pass up and
down on the river. I am satisfied that the
proposition which comes from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads ought to be
adopted, for the reason that I believe " the
bridges are constructed upon the plan which
they propose they cannot, by any possibility,
be any obstruction to the navigation of the
Mississippi river.
