1308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
and do not find that he has cited a single au-
thority on this point to contradict or explain
those which I produced. Why not produce
some authority? He does not deny the facts
from which I reasoned. But he does deny that
the civil war broke the bands of the Union, or
dissolved the original condition of the nation.
I had quoted Vattel where he says:
"Civil war breaks the bands of society and govern-
ment. * * * * "They stand precisely
m tlio same predicament as two nations who engage
m a contest."   * *   "The State is
dissolved, ana the war between the two parties stands
on the same ground in every respect as a war between
aiQerent nations."
Is ow, sir, this, without multiplying authorities,
makes out my main substantive proposition,
from which all the others are corollaries.
The gentleman denies the correctness of Vat-
tel's doctrine, and says the war did not "dis-
solve the States;" but he gives us no author-
ity but his own. I admit the gravity of the gen-
tleman's opinion, and with the slightest corrob-
orating authority should yield the case. But
without sonic such aid I am not willing that the
sages of the law whom I have been accustomed
to revere, Grotius, Rutherford, Vattel, and a
long line of compeers, sustained by the verdict
of the civilized world, and armed with the pan-
oply of ages, should be overthrown and demol-
ished by the single arm of the gentleman from
New York.
The gentlemen say that this admits the doe-
trine of secession and the efficacy of the seces-
sion ordinances. The gentlemen are too shrewd
to believe this stereotyped inference, but they
may hope that others will believe it. The
ordinances of secession amounted to nothing,
either in law or in fact. It was the formation
of a regular, hostile government, and the rais-
ing and supporting of large armies, and for a
long time maintaining their declaration of in-
dependence, that made them a belligerent and
the contest a war. Had there been nothing
but secession ordinances it, wonld have been
"ban-en thunder." Who is stupid enough to
believe dial the assertion of a fact is the justi-
fication of it? Does the gentleman believe that
the people arc; not astute enough to discern
between (he right and the fad ?
The gentleman in one place says "that in-
dividuals, not States, made this war." Philli-
niore, as I quoted, says "individuals cannot
make war." The Supreme Court says that
this "war was made by States." f pray this
gentleman to quote authority; not to put too
heavv a load upon his own judgment; he, might
sink under (he weight. (Jive its your author.
The gentleman .says, "The gentleman from
Pennsylvania says they forfeited their State ex-
istence hy (he far/ of rebellion." That is not
vnv doctrine; but as others hold (hat doctrine,
I argued that, if true, still my view of the proper
power to reconstruct was "the same, to wit,
(-Oiigress. 1 never held to the suicide of States,
though I think it possible; hut it did not, hap-
pen in the present case. The gentleman, in
his colloquy with my colleague, [Mr. Keu.ev,]
staled (lie true doctrine of the existence of
States, though it seemed (o me wholly incon-
sistent,^\\itlHiis other position. that this was a
war of individuals, and not of States. His
position is. that the rebel States have never
been disorganized, but have boon always under
Slate government; and that their relation to
the I'nited Stales did not affect, that question.
So say I; and so 1 .said two years ago. While
others contended that the loyal people formed
the State, f thought, and still think, that am,
the people within its, jurisdiction who arc legal
citizens have an equal voice in the State gov-
ernment, without regard to character; that the
control of republics depends on the number,
not the quality of the voters. This is not a
Government oi'saints. It has a large sprink-
ling of sinners. The eleven confederate States
have always been well organized under State
governments. True, after the rebellion they
qua the Union, and organized under the con-
xeiieiate government. They were well-organ-
ized stales; but they were" not organized in
but out of the Union, under laws very different
from those of the United States. If they wish
to reorganize their States, must they not come
into the Union anew? But how come in, if
they were never out? It seems to me it reduces
the gentleman's argument to an absurdity.
The gentleman from Ohio is much more log-
ical than the gentleman from New York. He
contends that as the States were never out of
the Union they may send Representatives here
and demand admission under the Constitution
without conditions or asking leave of any one.
If both the gentlemen are right as to the status
of the States,'then the gentleman from Ohio is
certainly right. What authority has tho gen-
tleman from New York to question the right of
a member from a sovereign State, except'upon
the ground of hisqualifications? By declaring
these States never out of the Union, does not
the gentleman see in what deplorable guilt
he involves the President? What rank usur-
pations has lie practiced in intermeddling with
the domestic affairs of a State 1 All States in
the Union are equal, as the gentleman from
Ohm justly declares. ITow long would the
President occupy the White House if he at-
tempted the same things in New York and Penn-
sylvania that he has done in South Carolina,
Alabama, and other rebel States? If I believed
as the gentlemen do. 1 should deem it the duty
of Congress forthwith to present articles of
impeachment..
At this point I desire to say a word which
may seem egotistic. You may have observed
that since 1 made my first speech at the open-
ing of Congress, giving my views on recon-
struction, certain newspapers have been at-
tempting to disturb the harmony which existed
between the President and myself. In the most
polite language and the most flattering epi-
thets within their vocabulary, they have de-
nounced me as the enemy of the President,
and, with the aid of a certain high official, as
having waged a successful war against him.
Those journals have, perhaps unintentionally,
done me too much honor. I will say, how-
ever, once for all, that instead of feeling per-
sonal enmity to the President, I feel' great
respeet for him. I honor his integrity, patriot-
ism, courage, and good intentions. "lie stood
too firmly for the Union, in the midst of dan-
gers and sacrifices, to allow mc to doubt the
purity of his wishes. But all this docs not
make me fear to doubt his judgment and criti-
cise his policy. When 1 deem his views erro-
neous, I shall say so ; when 1 deem them dan-
gerous, I shall denounce 4,hem. While I can
have no hosfility to the President, I may have,
and have, very grave objections to the course
which he is pursuing. 1 should have forgot
the obloquy which I have calmly borne for
thirty years in the war for liberty, if I should
turn craven now.
ilr. PRICE. I desire to ask the gentleman,
with his consent, whether there mav not be
some mistake here. When I remember most
distinctly that the public press of the country for
the last few weeks has been repeating the name
of a certain "Thaddeus Stevens" as having
been used _by the President in a certain speech
at (he While House, and when I hear a gentle-
man whom I suppose to be the Thaddeus Ste-
vn^.s referred to .speak in such strong terms in
favor of the President, I wish to know whether
ho is the same gentleman, or some other.
[Laughter.]
Mr. S 1 lii V ENS. hy, Mr. Speaker, does
the learned gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Peicb]
suppose for a single moment that that speech,
to which he refers as having been made in
front of the White House, was a fact? [Laugh-
ter.] _ I desire^at this time to put the gentle-
man right. What I am going to say now, I do
not wish to have, reported. It is a confiden-
tial communication, and I presume none will
violate the confidence I repose in them. [Re-
newed laughter.]
Sir, that"speech which has imposed upon the
gentleman from Iowa, which has had a consid-
erable run, and has made some impression upon
the public mind, was one of the grandest hoaxes
over perpetrated, and has been more .successful
than any except the moon hoax, whiph I am told
deceived many astute astronomers. [Laughter.]
I am glad to have at this time the opportunity
(although I do not wish the matter to go before
the public, for they might misunderstand my
motives,) to exonerate the President from ever
having made that speech. [Renewed laugh-
ter. ] It is a part of the cunning contrivance of
the copperhead party, who have been persecut-
ing our President since the 4th of March last.
Why, sir, taking advantage of an unfortunate in-
cident which happened on that occasion, [laugh-
ter,] they have been constantly denouncing him
as addicted to low and degrading vices. To
prove the truth of what I say about this hoax,
I send to the Clerk's desk to be read, a speci-
men of this system of slander. It is air ex-
tract from the New York World of March 7,
ISO-:,. Let the Clerk read that vile slander
from the leading paper of the Democratic
party.
The Clerk read, as follows:
" The drunken and beastly Caligula,, the most profli-
gate of the Roman emperor's, raised his horse to the
dignity of consul—an office that in former times had
been titled by the greatest warriors and statesmen oi'
the republic, the Seipios and Catos, and by themishty
Julius himself. The consulship was scarcely uioro
disgraced by that scandalous transaction than is our
Vice Presidency by tho late election ot Andrew John-
son, That office has been adorned in better days by
the talents and accomplishments of Adams and Jef-
ferson, Clinton and Gerry, Calhoun and Van Buren.
And now to seeittilled by thi* insolent,drunken brute,
in comparison ■with whom even CniiuuUCn horse was re-
spectable, for the poor animal did not abuse his own
naturo! And to think that only one frail life stands
between this insolent, c/o/enish (/runhard and tho Pres-
idency! May God bless and spare Abraham Lin-
coln!"
Mr. STEVENS. Now, Mr. Speaker, is it
any wonder that 
Mr. N1BLAOK. Ibegto inquire of the gen-
tleman whether that may not also be a hoax of
tho same kind as the President's speech.
Mr. S CE\ ENS. That was a serious slander
which appeared as an editorial in the New York
World. That party, taking advantage of an
incident which it is thought by many t hey them-
selves brought about, have been persecuting
the President with such slanders as that ever
since. But, sir, although they have asserted
it from time to time, they have never made
the loyal Republican people of this nation be-
lieve it, and they never could. We never cred-
ited it, but looked with indignation upon the
slander which was thus uttered against the
President of our choice. Being, therefore, un-
able to fix such odium upon our President by
evidence which the lawyers would call aliunde,
they resort, with the skill of a practiced advo-
cate, to another expedient. My friend before
me, [Mr. Bingham,] if he were trying in court
a case de lunaiico inquirendo. and if the out-
side evidence were doubtful, leaving it ques-
tionable whether the jury would adopt the view
that insanity existed, would cautiously lead the
alleged lunatic to speak upon the subject of the
hallucination, and if he eonld be induced to
gabble nonsense, the intrinsic evidence of the
case would make out the allegation of insanity.
So, Mr. Speaker, if these slanderers can make
the people believe that the President ever ut-
tered that speech, then they have made out
their case. [Laughter.] But we all know he
never did utter it. [Laughter.] It is not pos-
sible, sir, and I am glad of this opportunity to
relieve him from that odium. But they had
wrought if. up in such a cunning way  
Mr. WIN FIELD. The gentle man will allow
me. May not we hope that the injunction of
secresy will be removed from this earnest,
generous, and sincere defense?
Mr. STEVENS. I hope not. [Laughter.]
I hope the gentleman will not violate the con-
fidence I have placed in him and all others.
[Renewed laughter.] It is a confidential com-
munication.
Now, Mr. Speaker, they worked it up pretty
cunningly, enough to impose upon the people.
For instance, they went into circumstantial
account, as in the moon hoax. They pretended
the counsel of the assassins of the late Presi-
dent escorted him to the stone wall on which
they say he mounted in front of the White
