41$8
THfi CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
■weeks ago. I think the papers in the case were
submitted through me to the committee. I wish
I had known tliat my friend was taking an in-
terest in the matter. *
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I read the papers in the
case of Lieutenant Lovett. I have examined
and reported upon them. I have heard all there
was about it. I have done for Lieutenant
Lovett what his associates in arms would not
do. They had not the-courage to adopt any
rule based upon equal and exact justice, but
must go to the prize cases for an analogy. There
are cases where there are no precedents and
where you are not to be goyerned by prece- •
dents.
The gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Dkiggs]
says that being referred to in the manner he
has been, he thinks he ought to have a lit-
tle time. Sir, how did the gentleman open
his case here? He informed the House that
there was an attempt to do a great outrage
against some constituents of his, because! a
man had come into his State to keep a tavern
that he did not like. Now, I discard every-
thing of that kind, and if the House shall vote
down this report and refuse to adopt this law,
why, well and good. But I think we have had
enough of these insinuations from gentlemen
on this floor and from outsiders. During this
session a telegram has been shown me from
Lieutenant Doherty, saying that there was a
great fraud being perpetrated here, and he
wanted the American Congress to stop the
wheels of legislation and wait until he could
be here. Lieutenant Doherty has been here
pretty much all winter, and lias been before
me time and time again in regard to this mat-
ter. I have had rolis of documents from hiin,
and I wish to avoid"saying anything about him.
But now, since lie has had the impudence to
come here and charge a man who has been
engaged in the honest discharge of his duty,
without fear or favor, one who is a stranger to
all these men, who does not care personally
whether they get a cent, and since gentlemen
have shown the want of confidence in the com-
mittee to make the remarks they have, I feel
constrained to say that 1 believe Lieutenant
Doherty was a downright coward in this expe-
dition.
From all the evidence, [ believe that while
these five men were guarding that tobacco-
honse where these prisoners were secreted, and
while Lieutenant Colonel Conger was endeav
oring to get a guard around the building, Do-
herty stayed under a shed, and no power could
drive him out of it. And now he comes in and
claims that he did the whole. Such is the evi-
dence in the case, as it has been presented. If
there is anything to contradict it, let it be
brought in. 1 would like to know if gentle-
men suppose that men arc influenced by the
considerations which they suggest here. 1
would like to know if legislation is to be based
upon the conditions of men or the business
they pursue, or what the pubHc say about
them; it a bad man is not going to have the
same measure of justice moted out to him here
as a good man, or if a hotel keeper is not to
bo treated as well as a minister of the Gospel, so
far as justice is concerned. I would scorn
myself it 1 were 'o listen to such suggestions.
Sir, I am no friend of these men. i am not
here to express my private opinion of them.
That is no part of this case. The question is,
what did they do; what service did they per-
form, compared one with the other? Here is
a large sum to be distributed, and you have
got to distribute it somewhere. You may place
it where it belongs, according to merit, accord-
ing to the serviec performed, where the want of
success would have brought sad consequences
to those engaged in the expedition.
We are about to reward men for their ser-
vices in suppressing this rebellion—for the
brains which they possessed and brought into
action when the country required brains, for
their skill and fidelity in the service which they
undertook to perform. It is not the gunner
who is to receive the largest acknowledgment
of gratitude from the country, although he may
have done good service in manning the bat-
teries. It is the man who conceived the plan
and executed it through the instrumentality of
others. The report, if gentlemen will read it,
will show upon what principle these recom-
mendations are based.
• Mr. DRIGGS. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me a few moments before
he closes?
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I yield to the gentle-
man for five minutes.
Mr. DRIGGS. In regard to this report I
have only to say that out of the $75,000
awarded to the captors of the assassins of
President Lincoln 
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The gentleman makes a
mistake ; the amount to be distributed under the
bill is $105,000.
Mr. DEIGGS. Out of the entire amount to
be distributed, this report proposes to give
$40,000 to three persons—$17,500 to General
Baker, the same amount to Lieutenant Colonel
Conger, and $5,000 to another person named
Baker, a brother, I helieve, of the general.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. No, sir.
Mr. DRIGGS. Well, he is a relative at any
rate. Now, Mr. Speaker, one word in reference
to the "hotel." I did not say that General Ba-
ker had not as good a right to build a hotel as
any man; but I mentioned that incidentally
to show that he had not suffered much pecun-
iarily by his connection with the War Depart-
ment.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman
allow mo to say that, so far as General Baker
is concerned, he never has received from this
Government compensation in proportion to
the services which he performed ?
Mr. DRIGGS. I was informed by an hon-
orable constituent of mine that this General
Baker is building a first-class hotel in the city
of Lansing, the capital of my State, but not in
my district. I know but very little of this Gen-
eral Baker except as to his eonncction witli the
War Department. For some very mysterious
reason this gentleman acquired a remarkable
power in the Government, or at least in one
branch of it, and exercised this power for
many months during the progress of the war.
But 1 have been unable to discover in what
consists the great merit of this gentleman which
entitles him to reecive nearly one quarter of
the whole amount awarded.
The award made by the War Department is,
in my opinion, just. Under that award the
privates will receive their equitable share. The
gentleman from New York has said that the
privates who assisted in the capture of Booth
and his associates had nothing to lose; that
General Baker and Lieutenant Colonel Conger
had all the responsibility, had everything to
gain or lose. Certainly I should think they
had everything to gain if we adopt this report.
If this bill passes in the shape reported by the
committee, it will, in my judgment, inflict a
great outrage upon all the privates, most of
whom aided at least as much as Baker did in
the capture of the assassins. Baker was in the
city of Washington at the time. These pri-
vates had as much at stake in the work they
undertook as ho had.
Sir, I can see no justice, no propriety, in the
award which the committee propose shall be
made. It seems to me there must be some
mysterious influence at work—I cannot tell
where; nor do I make any personal charge
in reference to any gentleman; but it must be
obvious, I think, that a great wrong is about
to be perpetrated if the House should adopt
the report of the committee.
Oae word in regard to Lieutenant Colonel
Conger, and I am done. He is really a noble,
high-toned gentleman, and I should have been
better pleased if he had been awarded about
ten thousand dollars. I think he was really the
active man in the whole affair. In regard to
General Baker, I know nothing personally;
but, as I have before remarked, I cannot see
that he has rendered such services as to entitle
him to nearly one quarter of the whole amount
awarded. I shall vote against the bill as it
now stands; and I hope that my amendment
will be adopted.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I want the House to take
notice that the gentleman from Michigan [Mr.
Deiggs] has said that improper influences have
been at work in this matter. It is a very singu-
lar remark for one Representative on this floor
to make in regard to another.
Mr. DRIGGS. I disclaimed making any
personal allusion.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I shall not resent the
remark. I intend to pi'ove to this House that
I can stand here and hear such remarks with-
out taking offense at them, particularly when
they do not arouse "either my resentment or
my rcspect. But let me say to the gentleman
from Michigan that such things ought to be
avoided here. Until a man's character here
is proved to be untrustworthy no such inti-
mations should be made upon this floor, be-
cause, unless we stop this sort of thing, we
shall have repeated the scenes that have given
us so much trouble during the last few weeks.
Mr. DRIGGS. I distinctly disavowed any
personal allusion.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Of course there is only
one man whom he claims has been influenced.
The gentleman, I suppose, would step up and
wring a man's nose, and then say that he meant
no personal offense.
I only desire to make one additional remark,
and that is with reference to Lieutenant Baker.
Lieutenant Baker guarded one side of this to-
bacco warehouse; and when Herold surren-
dered he took him prisoner, bound him, and
guarded him. Not only that; in every part of
this enterprise he performed his duty faithfully,
while this Lieutenant Doherty lay under a shed
in the neighborhood. That is the evidence. Yet
in deference in part to popular clamor he must
be allowed something. When you cannot do
as you would, you must do as you must.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I thought the com-
mittee were uninfluenced by anything except
the merits of the case.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. It is very embarrass-
ing to any gentleman to be interrupted so fre-
quently when on the floor; and I will now yield
for five minutes to the gentleman from Michi-
gan [Mr. Tiiowbeidge.]
_ Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire to appeal to the House not to adopt the
award which has been made by the War De-
partment in this case. If that, a-ward should
be adopted, manifest and great injustice would
be done to the gentleman who commanded this
expedition, Lieutenant Colonel Conger. As a
lieutenant colonel of the volunteer army of the
United States he was put in command of the
expedition down the river on the Virginia side
for the capture of Booth and Herold. He went
to the commander of this department and ob-
tained a force of men under the command of a
Lieutenant Doherty, but they were all put un-
der the control of Lieutenant Colonel Conger;
they were subject to his orders. He accom-
plished the purpose for which he was sent.
Through his efforts Booth and Herold were
discovered and taken. On his return to this
city,_ some three or four days afterward, he
received a muster-out, dated anterior to the
time when he started on the expedition. Sim-
ply and solely because of the fact that his mus-
ter-out antqduted his performance of these
services he is denied the first place in the award
of the War Department. By that award, Lieu-
tenant Doherty is placed at the head. Sir,
1 affirm here in my place that on the night of
the capture, Lieutenant Colonel Conger put
Lieutenant Doherty twice in a position of com-
mand. requiring certain duties of him, but after-
ward found that he had abandoned his post and
left the premises, and then he ordered him to
the rear, taking himself the personal command
of the men.
Mr, FARNSWORTH. How much do they
give Doherty for that?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Under the award of
the War Department he would receive $7,500,
while Conger would receive only Si,00u. I
ask this House not to perpetrate such an injus-
