3228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
crease as sincere and actual ? That in the short
period of ten years the labor of our country
produced more value by nine thousand millions
than the accumulated labor of the long period
that has elapsed since the first emigration to
the wilds of this continent? The explanation
is found in the increased supply of the current
coin—the measure of value. The same prop-
erty previous to 1850 was represented by less
gold. And this computation will satisfactorily
account for at least seven thousand millions of
the estimated increase, leaving the remaining
two thousand to be absorbed by additional
products of labor. Upon these premises, as a
basis for calculation, I will suppose the United
States, in 1850, involved in a debt of one thou-
sand millions. Such indebtedness would have
amounted to one seventh of the assessed value
, of the entire property of the country; whereas
in 1800 it would have diminished to one six-
teenth ; and, relying upon a proportionate
increase of our national wealth, the same debt
in 1870 would descend to one thirty-fifth part,
and in 1880 to one ninety-eighth—thus becom-
ing the very trifling and inconsiderable burden
upon the national property of about one per
cent. By applying the same numerical prin-
ciple to the actual debt of the land, which
varies but little from three thousand millions,
and the present large and appalling incubus
of twenty per cent, upon the pride and pros-
perity of the country will sink to the small
figure of three per cent, iu twenty-five years,
and at the commencement of a new century
to less than one ami one half of one per cent.
And this pleasant consummation may be at-
tained without any diminution of the principal
debt.
Alison, the historian, records in glowing lan-
guage (he effect of the new discoveries upon
the civilization and material prosperity of the
nations of Europe, and 1 will avail myself of
his forcible language. He says, in his History
of Europe •'
"It will belong to a succeeding historian to nar-
rate thewondciful spring winch the country made
during the live yeais which followed 1832 under the
influence of the gold discoveries in America and
Australia; but a blief notieo of them is hero indis-
pensable in ordci to explain tho main causes which
were m full operation in that year when the general
election took place, and free trade was filially adopted
as the system ot the nation. Jt is well known that
in consequence of the extension of tho American
dominion over Texas in 1848, and the war with Mex-
ico which ensued, Oaliforniawas ceded to the United
*Stnfes, and became a part of tho Union. Tho 8pan-
jards, fhirsling for irnid, had been there for three
hundred years, and the gold was mixed with the
ajluvial sand under their leot, but they never found
it out. Before tho Americans had been there six
moil I hs it was discovered, and (he face of tho world
was changed, miners speedily flocked to (his Jil Do-
rado fioin all parts of America and manyot Europe,
and tho proorros-s which ensued was so rapid that it
would be deemed faJinlous if not ascertained hy
authentic evidence. In February, 1810, tho popula-
tion of J-lnropeans in the (State was (wo thousand;
in June, 1852. it was alrendyonehundrcdandeighty-
two thousand; and inl85(iit had risen to five hun-
dred and sixty thousand. (Soon alter this groat dis-
covery bad been made a similar vein of prosperity
was opened in Australia. Gold was there discovered
in 18Ml, in the alluvial plains near liallarat, and this
led to ti general Hcareli in tho vicinity, and the pre-
cious article was soon found in great quantities.
The effects were immediately the sanio as they had
been in California. Population and wealth enor-
mously increased, and (he emigration to it in 1851
rose to eighty-seven thousand persons; the exports
turned £11,1)1)11,000, being about twenty-eight pounds
a head; and the gold obtained amounted to the
enormous value of £15,000,000,
"The annual supplyof gold and silver for thoxiso
of tho globe was-, by these discoveries, suddenly in-
creased irom an averago of £10,000,000 to one of
£35,000,000. Tho words of poetic genius were more
than realized. Mothinks, as I gaze around, I see the
schenie of the all-beneficent Father disentangling
itself clear through the troubled history of mankind,
ilow mysteriously, while Europe rears its population
and fulfills its civilizing mission, these realms, which
have been concealed from its eyes, divulged to us just
as civilization needs the solution to its problem: a
vent for feverish energies, baffled in thecrowd, offer-
ing bread to the famished, hope to tile desperate, in
very truth enabling the New World to redress the
balance of the Old. Hero the actual iEncid passes
before our eyes. From the hearts of the exiles scat-
tered over this hardier Italy, who cannot see in the
future—
*"A race from whence New Albion's sons shall come,
And the long glories of a future Rome.'
*' Mobt of all did Great Britain and Ireland experi-
ence the wonderful effects of this great addition to
the circulating medium of our globe. That which for
five-and-twenty years had been awanting —a cur-
rency commensurate to the increased numbers and
transactions of the civilized world—was now supplied
by tho beneficent hand of nature. The era of a con-
tracted currency and consequent low prices and gen-
eral misery, interrupted by passing gleams of pros-
perity, was at an end. Prices rapidly rose; wages
advanced in a similar proportion; exports and im-
ports enormously increased, while crime and misery
as rapidly diminished. Emigration itself, which had
reached thvee'hundrcd and sixty-eight thousand per-
sons a year, sank to little more than haf the amount.
Wheat rose from fortyshillingstosixty-fiveshillings;
but the wages of labor of every kind advanced in nearly
as great a proportion; they were found to be about
thirty per cent, higher on an average than they had
been five years before. In Ireland the change was
still greater, and piobably uuequaled in so short a
time in thcannalsof history. Wages of country labor
rose from fourpence a day to one shilling sixpence
or two shillings; convicted crime sank nearly a halt;
and the increased growth of cereal crops, under the
genial influences of these advanced prices, was as
rapid as its previous decline since 1846 had been. At
the same time decisive evidence was afforded that all
this sudden burst of prosperity was the result of the
expanded currency, and by no means of free trade, in
the fact that it did not appear till the gold discover-
ies came into operation, and then it was fully as great
in the protected as in the free-trade States."
Ten years have elapsed since this record was
made, and the yields of gold and silver are
still increasing. What historian shall record
the marvelous progress of the civilized world
during that period? The United States has
just emerged from the most tremendous civil
war recorded in history, and the world still
marvels at the enormous resources disclosed
in tliat struggle for national existence ; but the
stimulating influence of this abundant yield of
the precious metals upon the vast products of
our extended domain, when properly appreci-
ated and understood, will explain much of this
astonishing exhibition of wealth and reveal
something of the importance of a full and com-
plete development of our mines. Gold must
be cheapened by abundance; industry must be
excited by the expansion of metallic currency.
And here arises the vital inquiry, whether our
country embraces the mineral fields from which
to drain the requisite supply to double once
more within the coming fifteen years, or per-
haps a Shorter period of time, the metallic cur-
rency of the world, wherebj, to virtually ex-
tinguish the one half of our national debt.
From the plains of the Missouri to the Pacific
ocean stretches an area exceeding a thousand
miles square upon American soil of mineral
region unparalleled in richness. It would
almost seem that tho knowledge of this vast
and exhaustless wealth had been especially
withheld through the long ages of the past as
a lilting boon and priceless legacy for the pres-
ent exigencies of the great American .Repub-
lic. The wild space formerly designated upon
our maps as the "unexplored region" or the
"Great American desert" has been revealed
to the startled world, laden with purer and
more abundant ores than were attributed to
the ancicnt Ophir. But whatever exaggerated
ideas may exist elsewhere, X need scarcely in-
form the Senate that the mere knowledge of
its locality accomplishes but little toward its
attainment; for it would appear as if nature,
peculiarly jealous of her treasure, has encir-
cled it with most formidable barriers. It has
imbedded it in deep vaults, walled in by rocks
of primitive formation; it has cut off the access
of navigable rivers by lofty and snow-capped
mountains, and refused, to much extent, the
appliances of water and timber and productive
soil.
The piimary conditions upon which the de-
velopment of our mineral wealth depend are,
first, transportation ; second, a scientific knowl-
edge of mining; third, security of titles; and
fourth, abundance of capital.
The first question of transportation is involved
in the speedy completion of the Pacific railroad.
The importance of this enterprise, in view of
the political, commercial, and financial con-
dition of the country, cannot bo overestimated.
Politically it will be a new bond, uniting the
interests and destinies of the Pacific and At-
lantic and consolidating the power of the nation
against foreign enemies and domestic foes.
Commercially, it is the agent whereby the
advantage of occupying a central position be-
tween Europe and Asia can be fully realized,
and is the only means of combining the innu-
merable benefits of a free interchange of the
products of our interior domain with our com-
mercial cities on both sides of the continent,
and with foreign lands across both oceans.
Financially, it is the key with which we will
unlock the rock-bound vaults of nature, and
seize the untold millions of gold and silver
hoarded by Providence from the creation of
the world, for the purpose of furnishing the
means of accomplishing the great destiny he
has ordained for us. The liberal donations
of the Government to this grand enterprise
will mark the progress of the present age, add
new glory to the American name, increase the
wealth, and lighten the burdens of the peo-
ple.
Much has been done by the inventive genius
of the American people to acquire a practical
knowledge of mining and the complicated ma-
chinery necessary thereto. Millions have been
expended by the miners themselves in experi-
ments and inventions, and a laboratory of art
may be found in the mining region of the West
where the students of the Old World may learn
new lessons, but Americans are not yet edu-
cated in the science of mining. All the nations
ofEuropeof any importance have well-endowed
mining colleges, supported to a great extent at
public expense, where thousands of young men
are educated in this important branch. The
few Americans who pretend to scientific knowl-
edge of this subject have been educated in
Europe. Every year young ineu go from the
Pacific States to Freiberg, Paris, or other Eu-
ropean cities to learn how to mine in their own
country. Hundreds of thousands of dollars are
paid annually to foreigners for that scientific
knowledge of mining which Americans do not
possess. But our eastern schools are begin-
ning to realize the importance of this subject.
Columbia, Yale, Harvard, and other colleges
are making laudable efforts to supply the de-
lects ; but we need mining colleges in the min-
ing districts where the youth of America may
study the science of mining with the labora-
tory of nature before them as a guide, and
where theory and practice may be combined.
We want some means of disseminating useful
information on this subject among the peo-
ple at large. To this end Congress may do
much.
We want a law of the character of the bill
under consideration to establish and secure
mining titles. While these are in doubt a feel-
ing of insecurity will paralyze all our efforts:
"Known mischiefs have their cure, but doubts have
none;
And better is despair than fruitless hope
Mixed with a killing fear."
Let a just, liberal, and definite policy be
adopted toward the miners. Add to their pos-
session the absolute right of property, and you
will have lain a solid foundation for large and
increasing yields. In the language of Black-
stone, "There is nothing which so generally
strikes the imagination and engages the affec-
tions of mankind as the right of property ; or
that sole and despotic dominion which one
man claims and exercises over the external
things of the world in the total exclusion of
the right of any other individual in the uni-
verse." The feeling of security and independ-
ence produced by the right of property in the
soil is the real foundation of our stability and
prosperity as a people. A nation of freehold-
ers is a nation of sovereigns, but a nation of
tenants is a nation of slaves. Let not our free
system of mining be degraded into miserable
monopolies or disastrous confusion, but let it
be confirmed, enlarged, and perfected, and the
great national bank of redemption in the West
will never refuse specie payment.
In conclusion, I maintain that the facts of
history furnish abundant proof that large yields
of tlie precious metals are the best and strong-
