l2M
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL &L0©1.
January 16,
. From Itidifi/nola, via Lawrenceburg and Liberty
" Center,to'CHaritdn.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DIXON. I offer the following amend-
ment:
MAINE.
From Woodman's station, via New Gloucester and
-West Gloucester, to North Raymond m Cumberland
C°IVom Poland to West -Poland, in Androscoggin
county.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CGNNESS. I offer the following amend-
■ Bient:
iCAHFOBNIA.
From Bio Vista, via Maine Prairie and Bingham-
.ton.to Silveyville.
-From Bed Bluff, via the Upper Sacramento river,
t!Sp4aBpTi,ngs. and Shasta valley, to YreKa.
; *®rom Sett Bluff, via Payne's creek. Mill creek, and
'Big Meadows, to Susanville.
From Chico, via Stony creek and Coast liange, to
Nome-Cult. , „ , ,
From Cloverdale, via the Lakeport and Cloverdale
wagon road, to Lakeport.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
• and the amendments were concurred in. It
was ordered that the amendments be engrossed,
and the bill read a third time. The bill was
read thei third time, and passed.
JOINT COMMITTEE ON RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
resume the consideration of the resolution to re-
fer to the joint committee upon the condition
of the States lately in rebellion certain matters.
Mr. GUTHRIE. What is that resolution?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is in-
dorsed "a resolution, submitted by Mr. An-
thony, to refer all papers relating to the con-
dition and title to representation of the so-called
confederate States to the joint committee upon
-that subject.''
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ Does that resolution
come up at this time in its order?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
-tion is that the Senate now proceed to the con-
. sideration of that resolution.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the question then
be on the passage of the resolution or its refer-
ence ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
- open to a motion to refer or to debate when it
comes up, if the Senate shall vote to take it up.
It is not yet taken up. Is the Senate ready for
the question on the motion that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of the resolution
the title of which has just been read ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I should like to have
the resolution read in full.
The Secretary read, as follows, the resolution
submitted by Mr. Anthony on the 19t,h of De-
cember last:
Jicsolved, That until otherwise ordered, all papers
presented to the Senato relating to the condition and
title to repre.sentauon of the so-called confederate
States shall be referred to the joint committee upon
that subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the au-
thor of that resolution whether it is understood
to include the credentials of persons present-
ing themselves for admission to this body?
■ Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly not. I think
that would be an unconstitutional proceeding.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then I have no ob-
jection to it,
Mr. ANTHONY. I so stated when thejoint
resolution for the appointment of this commit-
tee was under consideration, and it was amend-
ed, on my motion, to avoid the possibility of
such a construction.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion^ on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution is now before the Senate, and the ques-
tion is on its adoption.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The language of the
resolution certainly covers the ease of creden-
.5' ,sa-'s "<a" papers" and the creden-
tials of Senators are certainly papers presented
to the Senate. Those credentials. wjll neces-
sarily have to go to this joint committee under
this resolution, if we can send them there by
a resolution. I agree with the Senator from
Rhode Island, that we have not the power to
do it. The Senate must determine for itself
the question as to the seats of its own mem-
bers, and the House of Representatives as to
the seats of persons claiming to be members
of that body. But why not retain before the
committee of the Senate, that must report
upon the qualification of members, all the pa-
pers in these cases, so that we mayhave them
in our own power? I take it that if these pa-
pers are referred to the joint committee of the
two Houses, they cease to be within the power
of the Senate—the very papers which will have
to guide us in our action in determining the
rights of persons claiming the seats of Sena-
tors. The language of this resolution eertainly
covers the whole question; it covers all the
papers—credentials as well as everything else.
If the Senator will make that exception in
terms it may, perhaps, avoid the difficulty.
Mr. ANTHO N Y. I think the Senator might
as well ask that a revenue bill should be re-
ferred to this committee because the States
lately in rebellion will be affected by it, or that
the bill which the Senator from New York [Mr.
Harris] has introduced to reorganize the ju-
diciary should be referred to this committee,
because that will also affect the States lately in
rebellion. All our legislation affects those States
as well as the loyal States, and I do not see by
what construction you can claim that the cre-
dentials of persons appearing here and claim-
ing to be Senators shall be referred to this joint
committee under this resolution anymore than
you can claim that any other measure affecting
those States shall be referred to it. Every gen-
eral law must affect those States. I agree clearly
with the Senator from California, and I believe
there is hardly any difference of opinion on that
subject, that it would not be constitutional to
refer to any committee other than a committee
of the Senate the credentials of persons appear-
ing here and claiming seats in this body ; but
I can see no more reason for making a special
exception in that case than for making a spe-
cial exception in the case of any general law.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to have
the Senator answer me these questions : first,
are not the credentials sent here, of parties
claiming seats on this floor, "papers?"
Mr. ANTHONY. Certainly.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Do not those creden-
tials or papers relate to the rights of the per-
sons claiming seats on this floor ?
Mr. ANTHONY. Very well.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Then, if they bo pa-
pers relating to the rights of persons claiming
seals upon this floor, they are within the exact
terms of the gentleman's resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. As 1 am a Yankee, I will
take the liberty of answering the questions of
the Senator from California in the way in which
the people of our country are said to answer
them. I will ask him, if a petition for an in-
crease or diminution of duties is not a "paper?"
I will ask him if that paper does not refer to
the States lately in rebellion; and if it does
refer to the States lately in rebellion, does it
not come within the strict language of this res-
olution ?
Mr. McDOUGALL. No; this resolution re-
lates to the rights of persons claiming seats on
this floor, in exact terms.
Mr. ANTHONY. Then when the Senator
from California will tell me how the papers to
which I have just referred do not come within
the strict language of the resolution, I shall be
j able to tell him how the credentials of persons
I claiming seats here do not come within the
j strict language of the resolution.
Mr. CLARK. The Senate will mark the
language of this resolution, I think. It is that
those papers, " until otherwise ordered," shall
go to that committee. Now, it, will be perfectly
competent, when any credentials or any other jj
papers are presented, for the Senator present- ii
ing them to move that they be referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary; and if the Senate
so order they will go there. This resolution
only directs where they shall go until the Senate
takes some definite action in regard to the pa-
pers. It is only a general way of disposing of
business.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Allow me to ask the
Senator a question. This is a joint committee
of the two Houses; and after they have been
referred to this joint committee, will they be
within the power of the Senate until the joint
committee choose to report either to this House
or the other?
Mr. CLARK. That is a question which it is
not necessary for me to answer for the elucida-
tion of this subject, because the Senate will have
the control of the papers before they go to the
joint committee, and it is not the understand-
ing of any Senators aroundme; so faraslknow,
that this resolution embraces credentials, or ia
designed to embrace credentials. The general
impression is that they should go-- to the_ Com-
mittee on the Judiciary. This resolution is only
to provide a method of disposing of the busi-
ness before the Senate without obstructing the
Senate; and if any Senator wants any paper
which he presents to go in a different direction,
it will be perfectly competent for him to make
such a motion, and for the Senate to order it in
that direction, notwithstanding this resolution.
The language of the resolution is, "until other-
wise ordered by the Senate."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. There seems to be, on
the part of the mover-of this resolution, a dis-
tinct understanding that it does not cover cre-
dentials, and he says it would be unconstitu-
tional to refer the credentials of members of this
body to a joint committee of the two Houses;
but on the other side it is objected that the
words, as they stand, cover credentials, because
the language is, "all papers" relating to the
title to representation. I think it says ''all
papers.'' I ask the Secretary to read the reso-
lution.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Mesolved, That, until otherwise ordered, all papers
presented to the Senate relating to the condition and
title to representation of the so-called confederate
States shall bo referred to the joint committee upon
that subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. How, Mr. President,
those words, " all papers," certainly cover the
certificates 
Mr. GRIMES. The title of the State to be
represented; not the title of a man to the office.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The certificate of their
being chosen, coming here, or purporting to
come here, under the seal of the State, is cer-
tainly a paper in relation to the right of the
State to representation in this body. I move to
amend the resolution by inserting the words
"except credentials." That will avoid any
ambiguity about it.
Mr. HOWE. It does seem to me that we
are more frightened about this resolution than
there is any occasion for being. Whatever the
words of the resolution may mean, they are
certainly entirely harmless. The resolution is
always within the control of the Senate, as has
been justly suggested by the Senator from New
Hampshire. Whenever any paper which is sup-
posed to come within the purview of the reso-
lution is presented to the Senate, any Senator
can raise the question upon its reference to this
particular committee. But inasmuch as this
committee has been raised for some purpose,
it seems to me a very proper thing to take some
action as to the general class of subjects that
shall be referred to the committee. It is raised
for some purpose, and it ought to have some-
thing to do. This resolution seems to me to
be very proper to guide the action of the Sen-
ate upon the general class of questions which
are to be referred to it. That is the purpose
of the resolution, as I understand it.
Now, as to the question of construction which
is raised here, whether the language of this
resolution covers credentials or not, it does
not seem to me that any two Senators need to
differ at all. Credentials which are issued by a
