1-866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
tice upon a brave, gallant, and true man. I
know Lieutenant Colonel Conger well, although
he is no constituent of mine and lives in a dis-
tant State. I ask that the mere fact of an an-
terior muster-out, of which no one, exceptper-
haps somebody at the War Department, knew
anything until after the performance of this
service, shall not be made a pretext for inflict-
ing such an injustice as to deprive Lieutenant
Colonel Conger of the honor and the compen-
sation which he so well deserves. I ask the
House to vote down the amendment of my
colleague. I am sure if I could read to him
the proofs he would withdraw the'proposition
himself. As to the substitute of the gentleman
from Ohio, I have nothing to say.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman has five
minutes left, and if he does not object, I should
like to make a few remarks.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. _ I yield to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania the time I have left-
Mr. STEVENS. As there seems to be some
difficulty in this matter in regard to the facts,
it is right to know that the tvar Department
appointed a judicious man, Judge Ilolt, as
careful and honest a man as ever lived, and
Adjutant General Townsehd to make this ex-
amination. They say they examined the whole
matter with great care. They made a distri-
bution of the rewards and gave the grounds on
which they made it. They are not arbitrary
grounds. There are one or two particulars I
should like to see otherwise in the substitute
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delaxo ;]
but I am entirely opposed to the monstrous re-
port of the committee which is now before the
House. It seems to be an outrage on all jus-
tice and decency. That a man who did noth-
ing should have $17,500, while those who did
the work should only get $1,000, is too mon-
strous.
The gentleman says that if Mr. Baker, who
remained here in town and issued his orders
across the Potomac, had failed, the disaster
would have been as terrible as if General Grant
had been defeated. I do not see what the dis-
aster was or what he had to lose. He had noth-
ing to lose in this matter. He had not a great
deal of character to lose before. I do not see
what was the disaster which was to befall him.
He did nothing ; he sat here; he risked noth-
ing. He is awarded by the War Department
commission $3,000. I think he ought to be
thankful that he gets anything. For the report
of the War Department commission, I think it
was excellent. I prefer the amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Delaxo;] but tak-
ing two chances, I say that I will vote first for
the amendment of the gentleman from Michi-
gan, [Mr. Driggs ;] and if that fails, for the
substitute of the gentleman from Ohio ; and if
that fails, I shall vote against the whole thing.
Mr. IiOTCHIvlSS. This report from the
War Department is signed by General Town-
send and not by Judge Holt. The report, in-
stead of being signed and coming sustained with
the authority of Judge Holt, comes only under
the authority of General Townsen'd. I do not
see any ear-marks of Judge Holt on it. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania says it is a most
excellent report, but the first thing he does here
is to attack it.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will refer
to page 21 of the report he will see that Judge
Holt does sign it.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. He may have had some
hand in it.
Mr. STEVENS. It is a plain thing, I think.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. The first thing that the
gentleman from Pennsylvania does is to attack
the report of this commission. He referred to
the fact that the colored servant of Mrs. Surratt
was excluded from any share in the reward,
aliiongh she was the most meritorious person
concerned in the arrest of the assassin of Mr.
Seward. She lay upon the floor feigning sleep,
overheard the communications of these assas-
sins, one to the other, saw their transactions,
and at the peril of her life disclosed them. Yet
this commission refused to allow her a cent.
I apprehend that the gentleman has been read-
ing my report instead of .that of the War De-
partment. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. The amendment of the
gentleman from Michigan includes these two
persons.
Mr. DELANO. I want to place before the
minds of the House the skeleton of the report
of the War Department. For the arrest of
Payne, $10,000 ; for the arrest of Booth and
Herold, $75,000; for the arrest of Atzerodt,
$25,000, and for the arrest of Davis, $100,000.
In reference to the arrest of Payne, the Com-
mittee of Claims have reduced the amount,
and given something to these two colored
women. It is small and not worth quarreling
about.
In reference to the arrest of Atzerodt, the
War Department gives to Artman §1,200, and
divides the rest among the others. The re-
port of the Committee of Claims gives to Enos
R. Artman, $10,000, to Zachariah W. Gem-
mill $5,000, and to another man who was not
included, I believe, in the report of the War
Department, $3,000. There is the variation
in reference to the $25,000.
In reference to the §75,000 for the arrest of
Booth and Herold, the War Department pro-
pose to give to Baker $3,000, to Doherty
$7,500, to Conger $4,000, and to another man
by the name of Baker $4,000. The Commit-
tee of Claims—and here is a material change—
reported $17,500 for Baker, $17,500 for Con-
ger, and $5,000 for the other Baker. The re-
port that has been submitted I do not concur
in. It so happened that the member of the
Committee of Claims having charge of this
report was not able until the last of the ses-
sion to make his report, and I signed the re-
port agreeing that it should be made, but I
stated in writing that I did not concur in all
of the views. Nevertheless, had I not been
apprehensive that the effort to give these peo-
ple this sum might have defeated the just and
meritorious claim of Conger I should have
offered my amendment.
I want to say that Conger was the brains and
mostly the courage that brought to a successful
issue the efforts to arrest Booth and Herold.
It was through his sagacity that they first found
the track that enabled them to follow up both
to their destination. They got there at two
o'clock at night. They called upon the man in
whose tobacco house these men were secreted.
Conger demanded to know where Booth was.
He was told that he was not there. He said
instantly, " Boys, give me a rope; I will hang
this man." The man's son, fearing the execu-
tion of the threat, stated where Booth and Her-
old were. He then told his men to surround
the barn. They were reluctant to do so in the
moonlight. But he laid rails and caused them
to stand there while he fired the building with
his own hand. Thus by his skill and courage
the arrest was made.
Now, if the report of the War Department is
adopted, Conger is not rewarded. I say there-
fore, distinctly, I hope it will not be adopted. I
hope this objection to Baker's claim will not
cause the adoption of the War Department
report, but that if the House is not willing to
take the report of the Committee of Claims, it
will adopt my substitute, and do something like
justice to a man who for four years has been
not only a brave soldier, but ffas suffered him-
self to be cut and hewed to pieces in the de-
fense of his country. I propose to gi\ e Baker
just what the War Department proposed to
give.
The SPEAKER. The hour has expired and
debate is exhausted.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Driggs. it was disagreed to.
The question recurred on the substitute of-
fered by Mr. Delaxo, and it was agreed to—
ayes eighty-seven ; noes not counted.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the thiid
time.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I call for the yeas and nays
on the passage.
The yeas and nays were'not ordered.
The bill was passed.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill-was passed : and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce the following joint reso-
lution :
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives, Thatthethanks of Congress are hereby gives
to Allen Pinkerton, for his services in detecting th<S
conspiracy to asassinate Abraham Lincoln in Balti-
more, at the time of his passing through that city on
his way lo the capital to be inaugurated as Presi-
dent of the United States, in the spring of 1861, anti
pi eventing its accomplishment.
Mr. LE BLOND. I object.
MESSAGE FROM THE SEXATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had concurred with the House in the
passage of the resolution suspending the six-
teenth and seventeenth joint rules of the two
Houses.
The message further informed the House that
the Senate had passed the bill (H. R. No. 737)
making appropriations for sundry civil expenses
of the Government for the year ending June
30, 1867, and for other purposes, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act
(S. No. 40G) for the removal of certain eases
from State courts ; in which the concurrence
of the House was requested.
Also, that the Senate had passed joint reso-
lution (S. No. 141) for the relief of Donahue,
Ryan & Secor, builders of the iron-clad mon-
itor Camanehe; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for the regular order.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
commenced, and the regular order of business
is the calling of the committees for reports,
beginning with the Committee on Revolution-
ary Claims.
TOWNSEND GLOVBIl.
Mr. BI DWELL, from the Committee on Agri-
culture, reported a joint resolution authorizing
the purchase of a certain collection or museum
and the transfer of eertaiii funds therefor by
the Commissioner of Agriculture; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
authorizes the Commissioner of Agriculture to
purchase of Townsend Glover, entomologist of
the Department of Agriculture, his collection of
natural history, of fruit, fungi, reptiles, insects,
&c., at a sum not to exceed $10,000, if that
amount can be spared from the appropriations
heretofore made for that Department.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
lime.
Mr. BID WELL. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BID WELL. I ask that the Clerk read
the letter which 1 now send to his desk.
The Clerk read as follows:
Washington, February 10,1865.
Deaii Sir: During the sessionof Congress ofl855-56,
two appropriations were made for agricultural liar-
pose's: one for $30,000, and the other for $75,Ow, as
will be seen by reference to volume two ot the fotat-
utes-at-Large, pages 14 and 89. ^ , 1
I was at that time Commissioner of Patents, and
had charge also of the Agricultural Department.
Mr. Ilolloway, the present Commissioner of Patents,
was then chairmareif the Committee on Agriculture
in the House ot Representatives.
I was informed trom various sources at the time,
that among the items forthe appropriations of tnr.t
year was an estimate of $10,000 for the purchase of
your specimens of fruits, with a view of having tiiem
permanently retained by the Government.
As, however, this purpose did not appear m tne
law itself. I had some scruple in regard to appro-
priating so much money tor that purpose, but, tiil.
scruple was removed hy,a statement prepared and
ui""ru'd jjy a minority of the members of each brnuoh
of Congress to'the effect that such was their inten-
tion and thev de.-ircd to h.iveit carried into ettqet.
Tne contract was accordingly regarded as haying
been closed, but before the money was paid and the
