4W0
IEEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 261
transfer actually made, it was ascertained that so
much of the appropriation had beendevoted to other
purposes that there was not suffioicnt remaining to
make the payment to you. This is my best present
recollection in relation to the matter.
Yours truly, CHARLES MASON.
Townsend Glover, Esq.
Mr. BID WELL. I might send to the Clerk's
desk_ to be read many other communications
relating to this subject. But the letter which
has been read is sufficient to show that there
was at one time an appropriation made for
this_ purpose. I would also say that this col-
lection in the Department of Agriculture is
deemed to be one of great importance. It
embraces many specimens of natural history
of this country, and forms the foundation
for a museum of natural history embracing
specimens of the flora and fauna of this coun-
try, and more especially those things which
relate nearly to agriculture. I believe there
is now an implied contract on the part of the
Government to purchase this collection of
Mr. Glover^ the price having been fixed at
$10,000. Since that time the collection has
been almost doubled in its proportions, and
yet the committee propose that the same sum
only shall be given for it now. I hope this
joint resolution will bo passed.
Mr. BROMWELL. Will the gentleman
from California [Mr. Bidwell] yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. BIDWELL. I will.
Mr. BROMWELL. I do not know what
this collection is worth in money ; but I am fully
satisfied that it is just what tiiis Government
ought to have. I believe that the idea em-
bodied in that collection ought to be fully car-
ried out. It embraces the classification of the
agricultural ami mineral substances out of
which many produets of art are formed ; also,
the various insects which are inimical to the
production of certain substances, as well as
those which are beneficial or which are innoc-
uous. It also embraces the birds whielt prey
upon certain insects which are injurious to
fruits, and which are not; and these are so
classified that any person going to that office,
when the collection is complete, will find in
regard to any particular product of agricult-
ure the entire history and uses of it; the sub-
stances in the raw state, as well as in the
various stages in which they are worked up
into fabrics and articles of use. There is to
be found there all the information which per-
tains to thai whole class of subjects, arranged
in such a manner that any agricultural depart-
ment would, I think, be incomplete without it.
This collection embraces such a numerous class
of cases, not only of the productions of this
country, but, to sotnc extent, of the world,
that the amount of information which can be
obtained from that museum is of, a value far
beyond the price which it is now proposed to
give for it. 1 hope the joint resolution will pass.
The joint resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BIDWELL. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was passed.
Mr. LAW HENCE, of Ohio. 1 move to re-
consider the vote by which the joint resolution
was passed.
_ Mr. NICHOLSON". I move to lay the mo-
tion to reconsider on the table.
Mr. LATVRLNCE, of Ohio. I call for the
yeas and nays on that motion.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I call for tell-
ers on ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
On the motion to lay on the table the motion
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was passed there were—ayes 55, noes
16 ; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Lawrence, of Ohio,
and Mr. Bidwell.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes 70, noes 26.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
ti'.ade witii the indian tribes.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back a bill (II. R. No.
610) in relation to trade and intercourse with
the Indian tribes, with a recommendation that
it do not pass.
The bill was laid on the table.
relief of chippewa indians, etc.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported a joint resolution for the
relief of certain Chippewa, Ottawa, and Potta-
watomie Indians; which was read a first and
second time.
The joint resolution provides that the Secre-
tary of the Interior shall pay to the Chippewa,
Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians of Michi-
gan, in pursuance of an agreement and com-
promise made with the Pottawatomie nation of
Indians by treaty of 1846 with the United
States, $39,000, in full of all claims in favor
of said Michigan Indians, either against the
United States or said nation of Indians, past,
present, or future, arising out of any treaty
made with them or any band or confederation
thereof; and the annuity now paid to them is
to be restored and paid to said nation for the
future. This sum of §39,000 is to be paid out
of funds now hold by the United States in trust
for said nation, drawing interest at the rate of
five per cent.; the payment to be made per
capita directly to heads of families, parents, or
guardians of minors, as now required by law in
reference to the payment of annuities.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say that this
resolution grows out of a disagreement be-
tween certain tribes of Indians. A portion of
the Ottawa and Pottawatomie Indians of Michi-
gan removed to Kansas. There has always
been a disagreement as to the amount due to
those who remained behind. At the last ses-
sion of Congress the Senate passed a bill ap-
propriating $>$0,000 for the Chippewas. This
llouse passed a bill appropriating a somewhat
larger sum. The Indians of each of those tribes
have sent on their representatives here this win-
ter ; and as it is simply a controversy between
themselves, they have agreed on this bill, and
desire very much that it shall be passed.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. _ WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
indian tkihes in utaii.
Mr. WINDOM, from the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, reported back with amendments
joint resolution II. R. No. 92, authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay certain
claims out of the balance of an appropriation
for the payment of necessary expenditures in
the service of the United States for Indian
tribes in the Territory of Utah.
Mr. _ WINDOM. 1 move to strike out the
word -''and," in line six. and after the word
"severe" to insert "Buchanan & Co."
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. WINDOM. I move in the fourteenth
line to insert " $710."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I wish to say one word.
An appropriation was made for the Indian
service in Utah. The Department thought
all the just claims had been satisfied and the
balance was transferred to the surplus fund.
This is to provide that this balance may be
again made available.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time : and being engrossed it was
accordingly read (he third time and passed.
Mr, WtNDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jialltha a. estill, of california.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of Martha A. Estill,
of California ; which was read afirst and second
time.
The bill provides for the payment of $3,000,
with interest at the rate of six per cent, per
annum from the 1st of January, 1853, for beef
furnished to the Indians by her husband under
contract.
Mr. SPALDING. There is an interest ac-
count in the bill which ought to be explained.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to say that in
1851—52 _ tho Government appointed certain
commissioners to make treaties with Indians
in California^ and one was this man McKee,
who made this treaty with Estill. Those trea-
ties provided that certain provisions should be
furnished to_ the Indians. This beef was fur-
nished at eight cents per pound. Congress
heretofore has paid large bills at fifteen cents
per pound to Fremont and others for beef fur-
nished from the same localities. The commit-
tee examined the subject, thoroughly and came
to the conclusion that the claim was a just one.
Now, in reference to the interest account.'
It has been fourteen years since this beef was
furnished. The committee were satisfied that
it was sold at a reasonable price, and they have
provided that interest should be paid at the
rate of six per cent, per annum. If the House
thinks it is not right it can be stricken out.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike it out.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill was ordered -to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being- engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr.WINDOM moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
richard chenery.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee,
reported back House bill No. 588, for the re-
lief of Richard Chenery, with a recommenda-
tion that it do pass.
Mr. WRIGHT. I make the point of order
that the bill makes an appropriation, and must,
under the rules, have its first consideration in
the Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order; and the bill accordingly will be
referred to the Committee of the Whole House
on the Private Calendar.
benjamin holliday.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee,
reported back the amendment of the Senate
to House joint resolution No. 103, to refer the
petition of Benjamin Holliday to the Court of
Claims, with the recommendation that the Sen-
ate amendment be non-concurred in.
The amendment of the Senate was to strike
out the words " damages for change of route
by military orders and;" so that the resolution
would read:
That so much of the claim of Beniamin Holliday as
relates to property taken by the military authorities
and appropriated to the use of the Government, be
referred to the Court of Claims for adjustment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. WINDOM moved that the House re-
quest a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
samuel stevens, a stockbridge indian.
Mr. WINDOM, from the same committee,
reported back Senate bill No. 309, to authorize
Samuel Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to en-
ter and purchase a certain tract of land in the
Stockbridge reservation, Wisconsin, with the
recommendation that it do pass.
The bill authorizes Samuel Stevens, a Stock-
bridge Indian, to enter and purchase the tract
ot land known as lot No. 12o, in the Stock-
