1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
I'Sll
improper upon any other question. The res-
olution to which I referred was, with the pre-
amble, as follows:
Whereas taxation ■without the right of represen-
tation has from the earliest traditions of our Gov-
ernment been considered a tyrannical usurpation of
power .iusiiying rebellion and revolution: Therefore,
Resolved, That the levying and collection of taxes
by the Federal Government in States not allowed rep-
resentation in Congress is oppressive and unjust, and
ought to bo discontinued.
Now, sir, I proposed to offer that resolution,
not because I supposed there existed doubt here
or elsewhere in this country as to the abstract
right or want of right, but because it furnished
an apt illustration of the absurdities into which
the Government was being involved by a de-
parture from the fundamental doctrines upon
which our system is based. Of course 1 do
not propose to discuss the question, for in the
history of this Government it has been settled
upon an occasion and in a manner too memo-
rable to be now open for argument. Whatever
other grievances were incorporated in the Dec-
laration of Independence, it is well known that
the infraction of this right was the sole moving
cause which stimulated the colonies to resist-
ance and successful rebellion. Still less do I
propose to answer by argument the labored
efforts of gentlemen to justify upon principles
of international law the policy which it is their
declared purpose to pursue in regard to the
southern States. Why attempt a refutation
when tlie whole reasoning is a patent subter-
fuge, intended to conceal the real purposes of
the party ? I presume no one here is deceived,
whatever may be the fact as to the country at
large. We all know here that these volumi-
nous speeches are merely a lit illustration of
Talleyrand's witty apothegm, "that language
is given us to conceal our thoughts;" for who
doubts here that all these proposed amend-
ments to the Constitution, this endless array
of speeches, in all their dreary length and dull-
ness, point to one sole, fixed object, namely,
the peipetuation of party ascendency based
upon the exclusion of the southern States from
all participation or interest in the Government?
I have waited patiently from the commence-
ment of the session in the vain hope that the
action of the majority might indicate some re-
turning sense of their responsibility for the in-
terests, to say nothing of right or justice, of the
whole country; some attachment for a Union
which they profess, profession merely, to re-
vere ; and I may say, further, that the, country
has looked with a like anxiety for this devel-
opment. and, I need not add, with a like feel-
ing of disappointment and disgust. Further
concealment is quite useless. Disguise it as
yoa may, the main fact is becoming every day
more apparent to the country, manifested by
e\erv vote upon the floor of this House, that
the settled purpose of the party is adverse to
any plan of reconstruction which, by admitting
the southern Slates to representation in Con-
gress and the Electoral College, might tend to
impair the ascendency of the party ill the
administration of the Government.
That is to say, for the full performance of the
programme we are to have a crippled nation-
ality and dissevered Union maintained without
limit as to time—at all events, until after the
next presidential election, with all its baleful in-
fluences, commercial, social, national—merely
for the purpose of continuing in power a po-
litical party, a party influenced in its actions
by a painful consciousness that its very exist-
ence depends upon a dissolution of the b nion,
dc, oting all its tactics and strategy Io the ac-
complishment of that one object, regardless of
ail other interests, however imminent and press-
111 Am 1 asked for the proofs? I answer, the
open declaration of the bold and the obsequi-
ous concurrence of the timid in every measure
relating to reconstruction from the opening of
the session to this hour.
S'*r, it mav be conceded that the tone and
manner of gonrleuien of the majority are some-
what less bold and defiant than they were at
tlio commencement of the session a slight con-
cession to the universal expression of popular
feeling. Then the design to hold the southern
States as conquered provinces, to be disposed
of at the will of the conqueror, was boldly as-
serted. Now, a desire is expressed to restore
them to their normal condition in the Union
as speedilyas maybe consistent with the inter-
ests of the country—meaning the party. Then
the policy of exclusion was justified by the sim-
ple assertion of the right. Now, gentlemen con-
descend to plead an apology upon some slight
show of badly manufactured facts as to the con-
dition of the southern States. For example,
the rebellious utterances of some obscure in-
dividuals, colored by pensioned and anony-
mous letter-writers, to represent the state of
popular feeling at the South; or, perhaps, news-
paper paragraphs bearing evidence of having
been written in this city for a like purpose and
sent South for publication in radical papers, in
opposition, it is true, to the most incontroverti-
ble evidence from sources of the highest and
most unquestionable authority. It is not the
least remarkable fact of this gigantic rebellion,
its entire suppression, both its material re-
sources and its spirit.
But in the mean time, with language less
bold and defiant, the party advances toward
its original design with a sternness of purpose
that courts the opposition of the Executive
and sets argument and remonstrance on this
floor at defiance. The mysterious power to
which is committed, without debate, all mat-
ters relating to the restoration of the Union,
from its midnight sittings utters its inquisito-
rial rescripts with undiminished confidence, and
demands the action of the House in tones no
less despotic. Its latest utterance in regard to
the admission of Tennessee is no new develop-
ment of conscious weakness or of altered pur-
poses, but rather is an exceedingly adroit ma-
neuver to involve every branch of the Govern-
ment in its revolutionary policy. He.-ide coup-
ling the admission with conditions which, as to
Territories,would under ordinary circumstances
justify the immediate rejection of the resolution,
it seeks to commit the executive as well as the
legislative branch of the Government to the
monstrous, radical theory, that Congress, in-
stead of exercising its simple constitutional pre-
rogative to judge of the qualifications of its
members without regard to the constituent
State, has the power and right, to exclude from
representation the constituent State without re-
gard to the qualification of its members. This
once settled, with the assent of all the legisla-
tive branches of the Government, including
the executive, and the work of disloyalty to
the Union is nearly or quite finished. By a
cheap concession to one State only, the theory
which declares the southern States out of the
Union, and by necessary sequence excluded
from the Electoral College and their assent to
constitutional amendments wholly unnecessary,
obtains the sanction of the Government, and
the Union is practically dissolved.
Sir, without this little episode the plot for
the dissolution of the Union would be quite
incomplete. The dangers suggested by a dis-
puted claim to the Presidency, based upon the
right of the southern States to vote in the
Electoral College and sustained by the Execu-
tive, might well appall the boldest conspirator.
But with this joint resolution for the admission
of Tennessee into the Union as a newly organ-
ized State, passed through both Houses and
signed by the President, every department of
the Government will be irrevocably committed
to the radical theory, the danger to the con-
spiracy averted, and its power for evil not sen-
sibly diminished.
Notwithstanding the dissensions in the com-
mittee, disclosed by the minority report, I pre-
sume it is the intention of the majority to pass
the resolution. It remains to be seen whether
the President by persuasion or threats can be
induced to aflix his signature. Should he do
so, in my judgment the game js up and the
Union dissolved. The hope of the .Republic
rests in the firmness of the President.
Sir, I profess no new-born zeal in support of
the Chief Magistrate; not having favored his
election, I have no claims upon his patronage,
and neither seek or expect personally any fa-
vors ; but, in the rupture of party ties, my affili-
ations will follow my convictions of the right.
But while I avow my entire confidence in the
President's plan of reconstrucion, believe in
its wisdom and the necessity of its speedy adop-
tion for all the best interests of the country,
still I propose no argument in its favor; my
time will not admit.
It has been put forth by the President himself
in language most clear, cool, and dispassion-
ate, and it is now before the people for adop-
tion or rejection. Arguments in its favor from
the other side of the House, most eloquent and
convincing, have not been wanting. Gentle-
men who, speaking against their party but
voting witli it, seem assigned to that part of
the programme by which the last fall'elections
were carried, affecting a cordial affinity with
the President while denouncing him and his
policy, in private, with curses not loud but deep.
This equivocal position, so successfully main-
tained, is now, I think, ended. The decisive
action of the President, forced upon him by
the unwise and unconstitutional measures of
Congress, has placed a large majority of both
Houses squarely in an attitude of hostility. To
use a form of speech expressive but inelegant,
this game of false pretenses is now played out.
Knowing, as I do, that it has never been any
part of the policy of the majority to adopt the
plan of the President, and that a perpetual
separation of the States, so far as the action of
this House is concerned, is a foregone conclu-
sion, I have no hope that anything said by me
would exert the force of a leathers weight in
arresting the fatal tendencies of the partyI
propose, therefore, to deyote the brief time
allotted me upon this floor to some exposition
of the spirit and influences which pcr\adc this
Congress and are dominant in the party.
But first let me say that the present posi-
tion of the omnipotent jadieal clement is by no
means inconsistent with its antecedents. The
party commenced its existence upon a plat-
form that implied a conflict of interests and
feelings betwixt the two sertionsofthe country.
SentimentshostiletotheTTnionwerofostercdand
made to contribute to its growth and progress.
The irrepressible conflict was made its battle- ■
cry. Petitions wore circulated throughout the
country and presented upon this floor and that,
of the "other House, praying for the dissolution
of the Union; and when the dragon's teeth
thus industriously sown sprang up in armed
rebellion, we find leaders m the party as well
as its most influential journals insidiously try-
ing the temper of the people by advocating the
right of the southern States to withdraw from
the national compact. Thus at that time a
sectional party, having achieved a victory by
exciting feelings hostile to the f nion. hoped
to maintain an ascendency by its dissolution.
It was only after it became certain that the
people would rally to no other slogan than
that of the Union that the party reluctantly
adopted the. name and hypocritically professed
to be its exclusive friends and supporters.
And in this respect the party is now where it
was before the commencement of the war,
looking solely to party ascendency, and by the
same means a perpetual severance of the States.
But in opposition to the settled policy of an
overwhelming majority, acting with entire fidel-
ity to party discipline upon all the decrees of
caucus, I have already remarked that argu-
ment is quite useless.
We will assume, then, that the time for argu-
ment in this forum has gone by, that the issue
is made up, and that the appeal is to the peo-
ple, by whom, I doubt not, it will bo speedily
decided. But let the question be fairly stated;
no subterfuge, no equivocation. Ihrow a^ay
a disguise which affords no concealment. _ iell
the people that the restoration of the Union is
inconsistent with the existence of your party;
that you are, therefore, practical secessionists.
Leave it to me to show your consistency, by
proving that you have never been anything olsei'
