1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2271
the pier at Rock Island, are about eight feet.
Now you subtract about one half of each of
those end piers and the whole of the center
Eier, and. you do not have much above one
iundred and fifty feet. I should prefer haying
the advantage of one foot, and if the bridge
can be built with that span, I should prefer it
very much.
. .The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment that Senators are discussing is not now
before the Senate. The question will be taken
on concurring in the amendments made as in
Committeeof the Whole, excepting the amend-
ment indicated by the Senator from Illinois,
and the one indicated by the Senator from Mis-
souri.
Mr. HENDERSON. Both our amendments
are to the same amendment.
_ The. PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion will then be taken on concurring in the
Other amendments.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I desire also to except
the amendment offered by the Senator from
Missouri for the building of a bridge at Han-
nibal.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be excepted. The question is on con-
curring in the amendments made in Committee
of the Whole with the exception of those
indicated.
The remaining amendments were then con-
curred in.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion now is on concurring in the amendment to
the Second section, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was. after the enacting clause of the second
section, to strike out the following words:
That any bridge built under tho authority of this
act shall be constructed as a draw-bridge, with a span
over the main channel of the river, as understood at
the time of the erection of tho bridge, of not loss
than three hundred feet in length; and said span shall
not be less than thirty feet above the low-water
mark, and not less than ten feet above tho extreme
high-water mark, measuring to the bottom chord of
the bridge; and one of the next adjoiningspans shall
not be less than two hundred feet in length; and,
also, that there shall be a pivot draw constructed in
sa,id bridge, at an accessible and navigable point,
.with spans of not less than one hundred and fifty feet
in length on caeh side of the central or pivot pier of
the draw.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That any bridge built under the provisions of this
act may, at the option of the company building the
same, bo built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other
form of draw, orwith unbroken or continuous spans;
Provided, That if the said bridge shall bo made with
unbroken and.continuous spans, it shall not be of
less elevation in any case than fifty feet above ex-
treme high-watermark as understood at the point of
location, to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall
the spans of said bridge be less than two hundred and
fifty feet in length, and the piers of said bridge shall
be parallel with the current of the river: And pro-
vided, also, That if any bridge built under this act
shall bo constructed as a draw-bridge, the same shall
be constructed as a pivot draw-bridge with a draw
over the mam channel of the river at an accessible
and navigable point, and with spans of not less than
one hundred and seventy-five feet in length on each
side of the central or pivot pier of the draw, and the
next adjoining spans to tho draw shall not be less
than two hundred and fifty feet; and said spans shall
not be less than thirty feet above low-water mark,
and not less than ten above extreme high-water
mark, nearing to the bottom chord of the bridge, and
the piers of said bridge shall be parallel with the cur-
rent of the river.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to amend
the amendment in the twenty-ninth line, by
striking out the words " seventy-five" and in-
serting "fifty;" and after the word "length"
inserting "in the clear;" so that the clausc
will read:
...And with spans of not less than one hundred and
fiity teet in length in the clear on each side of the
central or pivot pier in the draw.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope very much that
that amendment will not be adopted. I was
not disposed to submit, if I could prevent it,
to the construction of draw-bridges upon the
Mississippi river at all. I have stated how sen-
sitive myjnstiiuents feel on that subject. This
bill was clearly drawn with the idea that the
openings in the clear should be one hundred
and seventy-five feet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, that was not the
understanding.
Mr. RAMSEY. They were not «xpected to
be that in the clear. They were to be one
hundred and fifty feet. I understood that the
parties in interest were willing to accept this
modification, and the bill was so reported. We
were aware that by this phraseology we would
gain a few feet in tho opening, which was de-
sirable. Of course if the Senate determine
that it shall not exceed one hundred and fifty
feet, the amendment will be agreeable to them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I stated a day or two
ago that the navigation of this river was to be
changed almost entirely in its character. My
impression is that in the course of a year or
two the steamers that are now running upon
the river will be changed entirely to tug-boats
and barges, and hence my desire is to have as
wide openings as we possibly can have, if
bridges are to be constructed upon this river
at all. My recollection is that one of the draws
at the Rock Island bridge is one hundred and
seventeen feet.
Mr. RAMSEY. They are one hundred and
seventeen and one hundred and twelve feet.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the clear?
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. It may be said that it
is owing to the rapidity of the current there
that so much property has been destroyed ; but
let me tell Senators, you cannot build a bridge
on the Mississippi river that that very same diffi-
culty will not come up, provided you do not
have wider draws than are proposed here. In
very high water the currents change, and it is
an utter impossibility to pass through. These
piers will have to be very large. If the boats
have a large number of barges, or the boats
are very wide, or the number of boats that are
to be taken through occupy a large quantity
of room on the river, it will be an utter impos-
sibility to pass between the piers without strik-
ing them and destroying a part of the cargo.
It lias been and is now exceedingly perilous
and dangerous to life at times to pass through
that one hundred and seventeen feet draw at
Rock Island.
I understood the Senator from Minnesota to
say that a draw had been built in France with
an opening much larger than this. Is it pos-
sible, I submit to the Senate, to build a bridge
with a draw of one hundred and seventy-five
feet? If so, there is 110 stream on God's earth
that requires this width of draw more than the
Mississippi river. It is a great stream, and it
is a rich country that lies upon it. We in the
West desire to preserve the navigation of that
river, and I think the Senator from Illinois
ought not to consent to any rule of construc-
tion that will obstruct in the future the naviga-
tion of this stream. He is as much interested in
it as f am. I know that he feels as deep an
interest in it as I do ; and so does the Senator
from Iowa. I do not put myself forward as
the champion of the navigation of this river.
I do not feel that I have any interest in it more
than they have; but I do insist that now when
we are laying the foundation of this system,
because what we do here will be done for all
time in the construction of bridges over that
great stream, every precaution should be taken
to secure the navigation. It is a stream hav-
ing twenty-five hundred miles of navigation,
the best stream for navigable purposes, per-
haps, on the face of the earth, considering its
length, and the countryis just beginning to be
developed, as it were. Take that immense
country north of St. Louis and that must pour
in upon the surface of that stream immense
quantities of the products of the earth, in time
to come, and manufactures and everything that
can employ the industry of man. We all know
that the transportation upon the surface of that
river will not cost the people one third of the
cost of transportation by railroad lines. While
we are doing so much for the railroad compa-
nies, can we not do something also for the
continued full navigation of this great river.
In the Slate of Missouri we have constructed
steamers that lake the cars across the river at
St. Charles. No bridge has been built there,
but a train of cars is run upon the boat and
carried across immediotely, without, mnoh ob-
struction ; and that might be done on the Mis-
sissippi river; but gentlemen say no, they must
have bridges. A bill is introduced here for
the purpose of constructing them, and, as I
understood, with spans of one hundred and
seventy-five feet.- I was opposed to draw-
bridges entirely; I wanted spans of three hun-
dred feet; but gentlemen insist on pivot bridges,
and as I supposed, with spans of one hundred
and seventy-five feet. I had a conversation
with the gentlemen engaged in the construc-
tion of this bridge, and I told them that I
desired the spans to be two hundred feet. They
said one hundred and seventy-five feet in the
clear was as much as they could stand, but
they could construct a bridge with that span.
Now, it is deliberately proposed this morning,
when we are about to pass the bill, to reduce
that width to one hundred and fifty feet.
I warn gentlemen who are just as much
interested in this subject as I am, that they aro
doing a thing this morning that they will regret
in the future. I am sure of it. I see a dispo-
sition to pass this bill, and why? Because of
a desire to do what' it is supposed will facili-
tate communication. We ought to adopt the
glorious mean in this thing. I am willing to
give the railroad companies on the east side
of the river the facility of communication to'
the western bank; but I desire that the Senate
in doing that shall not neglect the communi-
cation upon this great river itself. They should
remember that they are interfering with that
navigation which is much better for the people
than any transportation they can get by rail-
road.
Mr. GRIMES. But that takes the trans-
portation in the wrong direction.
Mr. HENDERSON. It will not do to close
up tho existing direction, if the people desire
so to send the products of their farms. I know
that that is to have its influence ; but if gen-
tlemen desire to insist on the change of direc-
tion and that the cargo shall go to the East,
and they feci disposed to close up a great river
like the Mississippi simply in order to change
the direction, when that new direction costs at
least four times as much, I will not make any
further complaint, but I do think that if abridge
can be constructed with a span of one hundred
and seventy-five feet it should be done.
The Senator who has charge of this bill says
it can be done; that much wider spans have
been built; it is possible to build them. Then
let American genius go to work and construct
such bridges here. It has been done in France;
American workmen can do what French work-
men can do. It has been done in England;
American workmen can do whatever English
workmen can do. If it is required for the com-
merce of France, it is demanded for the com-
merce of our great West. If it is demanded in
any part of England for the commerce of Eng-
land, it is as much demanded for the increas-
ing and growing commerce of the people of the
United States.
There is no reason why as great advantages
should not be given here as are given elsewhere.
If the railroad companies can construct such
bridges, let them do it, and then you will have
the advantages of communication both by rail-
road and by water. I sincerely hope this
amendment will not be adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois, [Mr. Tbcmbui.l.]
Mr. RAMSEY. I thought the amendment
was withdrawn. What is it?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is to strike out " one
hundred and seventy-five" and insert "one
hundred and fifty;" and insert "in the clear"
after " feet." It carries out precisely what
was meant.
Mr. RAMSEY. The gain is so little to the
bridge company that I do not think it neces-
sary.
ilr. TRUMBULL. It makes what is meant
clear.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 am not at all astonished that
the Senator from Missouri should be as tenacious
on this subject as he is, because he is represent-
