1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
bridge reservation, in the cou&ty of Calumet,
and State of Wisconsin, under the act to au-
thorize the issuing of patents for certain lands
in the town of Stockbridge, Wisconsin, and
for other purposes, approved March 3, 1865.
It also authorizes the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, upon the entry and pay-
ment therefor, to cause a patent, in due form
of law, to be accordingly issued to Samuel
Stevens.
Mr. WINDOM. -This bill is recommended
by the Commissioner of Public Lands. The
only question in reference to his right to pre-
empt arises from the fact that his name is upon
the roll as one of the members of the tribe,
whereas he is really a citizen.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. VvTNDOM moved to reconsiderthe vote
by -which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN T. JONES.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported back Senate
bill No. 122, for the relief of Joh"n T. Jones,
an Ottawa Indian, for depredations committed
by white persons upon his property in Kansas
Territory.
The bill was read. It directs the payment
of $0,700 for depredations, that being the
amount adjudged by the Commissioner to be
the value of the property destroyed.
Mr. WRIGHT. 1 raise the point of order
that this is an appropriation bill.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I ask the gen-
tleman to listen to the reading of the report.
The bill has passed the Senate on three differ-
ent occasions; the facts are simple and the
report is brief.
Mr. WRIGHT. I will hear it read, reserv-
ing my right to object.
The report was read. It showed that the
depredations were committed in August, 135G.
In April, 18,58, the Secretary of the Interior
ordered an investigation. A report was made
in July, 1858. The testimony of loyal whites
established the fact of the loss of the dwelling
valued at $7,000, of gold and silver to the
amount of $700, and of injury to business to
the amount of $7,000, this being less than half
the amount claimed.
Mr. WRIGHT. The report shows that this
is one of those old claims that has been no less
than three times before Congress. This loss
occurred long ago, and if we are going to take
up the border troubles of 
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman debates
it he waives the point of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. I was going to say that
under these circumstances I must insist on my
objection.
The SPEAKER. Then it must go to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. Is it in order to
move to suspend the rules ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is,
the Committee on Indian Affairs having con-
trol of the morning hour.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas. I will not press it.
WYANDOTTE INDIANS.
Mr. ROSS. On behalf of the Committee on
Indian Affairs, I move to discharge the Com-
mittee of the Whole from the consideration of
House bill No. -to'2, for the relief of the Wyan-
dotte tribe of Indians. This matter has been
fully examined. It is a claim founded upon a
treaty between the General Government and
this tribe of Indians.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Is that the
church claim?
Mr. ROSS. No. sir; it appears by the treaty
that they were to invest a certain amount of
money in Government stock. Instead of doing
that they invested it in Missouri and Tennessee
State stocks winch depreciated in value, so
that when they came to receive their pay the
stocks were sold, under protest, for what they
would bring. This claim is for the difference
between what they should have had and what
they actually received under the treaty. A
majority of the committee think they were en-
titled to interest upon this claim, but there is
none allowed in the bill. It has been reported
upon favorably by two or three previous com-
mittees and has passed through the lower House
of Congress once or twice.
Mr. WRIGHT. Do I understand that these
bonds were sold for less than par and now these
Indians ask to be paid the difference between
what they sold for and the par value of the
securities?
Mr. ROSS. Yes, sir.
Mr, WRIGHT. Well, you will have Wall
street down on you by daylight to-morrow
morning. [Laughter.]
Mr. ROSS. By the treaty stipulation the
contract was to invest in Government securi-
ties. Instead of that they invested in State
bonds of Missouri and Tennessee, and when
payment became due the attorneys of the In-
dians received these bonds under protest and
sold theui for what they would bring. I have a
report here, made in 1858, showing the amount
due to these Indians.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. Were they
bound to take them?
Mr. ROSS. They were not bound to take
them, but the debt was due them and they
took these obligations and sold them for what
they would bring. The Secretary of the Inte-
rior and Commissioner of Indian Affairs have
both reported favorably upon this measure.
Mr. SPALDING-. I would inquire 
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Is the motion to dis-
charge the Committee of the Whole debatable ?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
The question being taken on the motion to
discharge the Committee of the Whole, there
were—ayes twenty-nine.
Mr. ROSS. I withdraw the motion.
IIISTOltY or TUfi REBELLION.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with an amend-
ment, a joint resolution of the Senate No. 86,
to provide' for the publication of the official
history of the rebellion.
The joint resolution was read at length. The
first section repeals the joint resolution to pro-
vide for the printing of official reports of the
armies of the United States, approved May 19,
1861. The second section authorizes the Sec-
retary of War to appoint a competent person
to revise, arrange, and prepare for publication
the official documents relating to the rebellion
and the operations of the Army of the United
States, who shall prepare a plan for said pub-
lication and estimates of the cost thereof, to be
submitted to Congress at its next session. The
third section provides that the person whose
appointment is hereby authorized shall receive
a compensation for his services not to exceed
$2,500 per annum, to be paid monthly by the
Secretary of the Treasury out of any moneys
in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated;
provided, that said compensation shall not be
paid for a longer period than two years from
and after the passage of this lesolution.
The amendment of the committee was to
strike out the word "revise" in the second
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. I notice that the Secretary
of War is authorized to appoint this historian.
I would inquire if the Secretary of War knows
who are good historians and who are not. It
strikes me that this is rather a strange propo-
sition.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Secretary of War is
now authorized by law to publish these records
at his discretion, and there is now being pre-
pared an enormous record of about thirty vol-
umes. This joint resolution proposes to repeal
the law giving him that authority, and to au-
thorize him to appoint some person to collate
all the records, and to report at the next ses-
sion to Congress what should be published, if
anything. I now call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-,
tion thereof the joint resolution was read the
third time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the '
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHARLES M. BLAKE.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back Senate joint
resolution No. 177, for the relief of Charles
M. Blake, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides for the payment to Charles M. Blake
of an amount equal to the pay and allowances
of a chaplain in the Army for one year, namely,
$1,560, less the amount which may have been
paid him under a joint resolution for his lelief,
passed June 27, I860.
The joint resolution was read the third time
and passed.
Mr. SCHBNCKmoved to reconsiderthe vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL CEMETERIES.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported back, with amend-
ments; House bill No. 788, to establish and
protect national cemeteries.
The bill was read at length. The first sec-
tion provides, that in the arrangement of the
national cemeteries in the States lately in rebel-
lion and in the District of Columbia, estab-
lished for the burial of deceased soldiers and
sailors, the Secretary of War shall have the
same inclosed with a good and substantial slone
or iron fence; and hereafter such cemeteries
shall be laid out in sections, to contain notloss
than two hundred nor more than throe hundred
graves, and to each section there shall be erected
a marble monument on which shall be inscribed
the name of each soldier buried in such section,
with his rank, number of his regiment, his com-
pany, and State.
The second section provides that each grave
shall be marked with a small marble head-
stone, with the number of the grave thereon,
corresponding with the number opposite to the
name of the party inscribed on the monument.
And national cemeteries already established
shall be made to conform as far as practicable
to the foregoing plan.
The third section directs the said Secretary
of War to erect at the principal entrance of
each of the national cemeteries a suitable build-
ing to be occupied as a porter's lodge ; and it
shall be liis duty to detail a meritorious and
trustworthy sergeant to reside therein, for the
purpose of guarding and protecting the ceme-
tery and giving information to parties visiting
the same. And the Secretary shall detail some
officer of the Army, not under the rank of col-
onel, to visit annually all the cemeteries, and
to inspect and report to him the condition of
the same, and the amount of money necessary
to protect them, to sod the graves, gravel and
grade the walks and avenues, and to keep the
sections and grounds in full and complete order;
and the Secretary shall transmit the report to
Congress at the commencement of each session,
together with an estimate of the appropriation
necessary for that purpose.
The fourth section provides that any person
who shall willfully destroy, mutilate, deface, in-
jure, or remove any tomb, monument, grave-
stone, or other structure in any of the national
cemeteries, or shall willfully destroy, cut, break,
injure, or remove anyr tree, shrub, or plant
within the limits of any of the national ceme-
teries, shall be deemed guilty ofa misdemeanor,
and upon conviction thereof, before any district
oY circuit court of the United States within any
State or district where any of the national cem-
eteries are situated, shall bo liable to a fine of
not less than twenty-five nor more tlian oua
