am
TS® CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®,
July 26,
hundred dollars, or to imprisonment of not less
than fifteen nor more than sixty days, accord-
ing to the nature and aggravation of the offense.
And the sergeant, or other officer on guard, in
charge of any national cemetery, is authorized
to arrest forthwith any person engaged in com-
mitting any misdemeanor herein prohibited,
and to bring such person before any United
States commissioner or judge of any district
or circuit court of the United States within any
State or district where any of the cemeteries
are situated, for the purpose of holding the
person to answer for the misdemeanor, and
then and there shall make complaint in due
form.
The fifth section makes it the duty of the
Secretary of War to purchase from the owner
or owners thereof, at such price as may be
mutually agreed upon between the Secretary
and such owner or owners, such real estate as
in his judgment, is suitable and necessary for
the purpose of carrying into effect the provis-
ions of this act, and to obtain from the owner
or owners title in fee-simple. And in ease the
Secretary of War shall not be able to agree
with the owner or owners of any real estate
needed for the purpose of this act upon the
price to be paid therefor, or to obtain title in
fee-simple for the same, he is authorized to
enter upon and appropriate any real estate
which, in his judgment, is suitable and neces-
sary for the purposes of this act.
The sixth section authorizes the Secretary
of War or the owner or owners of any real
estate thus entered upon and appropriated to
make application for an appraisement of the
real estate thus entered upon and appropri-
ated to any district or circuit court within any
State or district where such real estate is sit-
uated ; and any of the courts arc authorized and
required, upon such application, and in such
mode and under such rules and regulations as
it may adopt, to make a just and equitable ap-
praisement of the cash value of the several
interests of each and every owner of the real
estate and improvements thereon entered upon
and appropriated for the purposes of this act,
and in accordance with its provisions.
_ The seventh section provides that the fee-
simple of all real estate thus entered upon and
appropriated lor the purposes of this act, ami
of which appi.tiscmimt shall have been made
under the order and direction of any of the
courts, shall, upon payment to the owner or
owners, respectively, of the appraised value,
Or in case the owner or owners refuse or neg-
lect for thirty days after the appraisement of
the cash value of the real estate or improve-
ments by any of the courts, to demand the
same from the Secretary of War, upon depos-
iting the appraised value in the court making
such appraisement to the credit of said owner
or owners, respectively, be vested in the Uni-
ted States, and its jurisdiction over the real
estate shall be exclusive and the same as its
jurisdiction over real estate purchased, ceded,
or appropriated for the purposes of navy-vards,
forts, and arsenals. And the Secretary of War
is authorized and required to pay to the sev-
eral owner or owners, respectively, the ap-
praised value of the several pieces or parcels
of real estate, as specified in the appraisement
of any of the courts, or to pay into any of the
courts by deposit, as before provided, the ap-
praised value; and the sum necessary for such
purpose may be taken from any moneys appro-
priated for the purposes of this act.
The eighth section appropriates the sum of
$50,000 to carry out the purposes of this act
out of any moneys in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The amendments of the committee were to
insert the words "or granite," after the word
"marble" in the first section; and the words
"or east-iron" after the word "marble" in
the second section.
The amendments were agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT OF COLORADO.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of War to settle with
the Territory of Colorado for the militia of
said Territory employed in the service of the
United States in the years 186-1 and 18G5;-
which was read a first and second time.
The resolution authorizes the Secretary of
War to settle with the proper authorities of
the Territory of Colorado for the services of
the first regiment of Colorado mounted, mili-
tia, called into the service of the United States
on the requisition of Colonel Thomas Moon-
light, in the year 1805, and for the services of
any other militia forces of said Territory which
were employed in the service of the United
States on the call of the Governor of the Ter-
ritory in the year 18U4; allowing in such set-
tlements all amounts paid by the Territory to
those troops for pay, use of horses, clothing,
and other proper allowances during the time
when they were actually in service ; and the
Secretary of War is to report to Congress in
December next the amount found to be justly
due.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RELIEF OF ARMY OFFICERS.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution for
the relief of the officers of the thirteenth reg-
iment United States colored heavy artillery;
which was read a first and second time.
The resolution authorizes and instructs the
proper accounting officers to pay to the officers
of the regiment named the full pay and allow-
ances of their several grades from the date on
which they actually entered upon duty as offi-
cers of such regiment to the date from which
they have already been paid, deducting such
amounts as they may have received as pay of
enlisted men during the period named.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and road a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK movedtoreconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BREVET APPOINTMENTS IN THE ARMY.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution in
relation to brevet appointments and commis-
sions in the United States Army; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at length,
provides that hereafter every brevet appoint-
ment or commission conferred upon any officer
of the Army shall specify precisely the distin-
guished act of gallantry or meritorious conduct
for which the same is conferred, and which is
intended to be rewarded by such brevet rank;
and that the annual Army .Register shall here-
after have appended to the name of each officer
who has been or may bebrevetted such particular
statement of the act of gallantry or meritorious
conduct for which the brevet was granted, and
where and in what arm of the service or what
department the same was performed or ren-
dered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
grossed, it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. SCITENCKmoved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DOCTOR ALEXANDER DUNBAR.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Committee oh
Military AlFairs, reported a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of War to contract
with Dr. Alexander Dunbar; which was read
a first and second time.
The joint resolution, which was read at
length, authorizes and directs the Secretary
of War to contract on such terms as in his
discretion ho may think fair and reasonable
with Dr. Alexander Dunbar for the use by
the Government of his alleged discovery of
a mode of treatment of the diseases of the
horse's foot, and for his services for one year
iu instructing the farriers of the Army in such
treatment; the amount agreed upon to be paid
out of the fund already appropriated for the
purchase of horses for the general support of
the Army.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCHENCK moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MRS. MARY PIIELI'S.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, reported a joint resolution
to reimburse Mrs. Mary Phelps; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution appropriates $20,000 to
reimburse Mrs. Mary Phelps for expenditures
made by her in raising and equipping troops
for the United States during the late rebel-
lion, and for expenses incurred in succoring
wounded soldiers, &c.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
EQUESTRIAN STATUE 01' GENERAL SCOTT.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the same committee,
reported a joint resolution for the erection of
an equestrian statue to the memory of Brevet
Lieutenant General Winfield Scott; which was
read a first and second time.
The joint resolution appropriates $20,000 to
H. 1C. Brown, of Newburg, New York, for an
equestrian staute of Brevet Lieutenant General
Win field Scott, to be cast of guns captured in
Mexico, and to be erected at West Point.
Mr. BINGHAM demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time, and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The. latter motion was agreed to.
ADVERSE REPORTS.
Mr. KETCHAM, from the Committee on
Military Affairs, made adverse reports in the
following cases ; which were laid on the table:
The memorial of Edwin B. Waggoner, of
Richland county, Wisconsin, late lieutenant
and prisoner at Andersonville, praying com-
pensation for his services;
