THE CON:G:RESSK)NAL &LOBE.
April 30,
ing,ashe says,,tlie sentiment of the State of Mis-
souri, the bead and front of which is the city
St. Louis, that is anxious that the whole north-
western country should be tributary exclusively
to that particular city. Now, Mr. President,
it so happens that a portion of my constituents
who live in that Northwest of which the Sena-
tor spoke, and for whom I profess to be able
to speak as well as the Senator can speak, are
not only anxious sometimes to go-to St. Louis,
butthey are anxious to have facilities forreach-
ing the eastern cities; and they want, if they
possibly can, to be able to do so in the winter,
when the ice is running, when it is impossible
to cross sometimes for weeks in succession
■without great risk of life; and they want an
opportunity when they choose to send their
freight and their live stock to the only market
they have without breaking bulk at the Mis-
sissippi river.
Now, sir, the Senator says that the propo-
sition which comes from the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Iioads ought not to be adopted,
because it does not give sufficient opportunity
for boats to pass. Who is to judge of that?
Did not the gentleman representing the com-
mittee read to us the opinion of three Army
engineers detailed to go out and examine the
Eock Island bridge? Did they not state spe-
cifically in that report the objections to the
Bock Island bridge, and that it was solely
because the piers were not placed parallel with
the current of the stream? Have not the com-
mittee modified this bill so as to correspond
with the report which these engineer officers
made? Is not that the best information we
can obtain? As I understand it, this bill is
predicated upon that report. It is brought in
here by a gentleman who is as much interested
in the navigation of the Mississippi river as any
man cSn possibly be who occupies a seat on
this lloor. He is at the very head of the navi-
gation of the Mississippi river. Hisindividual
interests and the interests of his neighbors
would probably be against the construction of
any bridge anywhere on the Mississippi. He
lias told us that his prejudices and preposses-
sions were all in opposition to the construction
of any bridge. But yet even he, under these
circumstances, after having thoroughly inves-
tigated the whole subject, after having read the
report of these three Army engineers, recom-
mends the Senate to pass this bill.
Mr. President, I need not say that my col-
league and myself, who live on the Mississippi
river, and who represent several tolerably im-
portant commercial towns, are deeply inter-
ested in the navigation of the river; and I
would not, and I am satisfied that lie would
not, do a single thing here or elsewhere that
could by any possibility obstruct the free navi-
gation of that river; and I am not disposed to
rest under the imputation which might be in-
ferred from the remarks of the Senator from
Missouri that we would obstruct the naviga-
tion. We are deeply interested in it. We
want for the present time, and we want all
future ages, to have uninterrupted navigation
of the stream ; but we want at the same time,
if it can be done, and we are satisfied that it
can be done, opportunities to get eastward as
well as southward and northward. We want
to be able to transport our produce and our-
selves with as little inconvenience as possible
to the eastern markets; and that is the reason
why we insist that these railroad companies
shall have an opportunity to bridge the Missis-
sippi river, provided they do so without inter-
fering in any degree with the navigation of the
stream. The Post Office Committee having
investigated the whole subject, predicating
their report upon the opinion of three skillful
Army engineers who were sent out there for
the purpose of investigating the subject of
bridges across the Mississippi river, have sub-
mitted us a bill, and for that I vote, and for
that I trust a majority of the Senate will vote
Mr. HENDERSON. I am sorry that my
friend from Iowa should have thought that I
was making any imputations upon him or the
Senior from Minnesota. I distinctly stated
that both of them; were as much interested in
the navigation of this river as I could possibly
be; but. the Senator seems to think that I made
some imputations on them, or that the effect
of what I said might have that bearing. I
think not. I certainly did not intend my lan-
guage in that way, and. I am perfectly sure that
no such construction can be properly put upon
it. He seems to think that, occupying the
position that I do, living in Missouri and look-
ingto my constituents there for sentiment upon
this subject, and the State of Missouri having
the great city of St. Louis in it, of course it is
not astonishing that I should take the ground
I do. If the Senator thinks thatl am adverse
to the interest of any town in Iowa or any town
in New England, he is very much mistaken.
If he supposes that I would knowingly do any
act as a Senator here that should tend to build
up a town iu my own State to the prejudice or
to the injury of another, when that act .required
a wrong on my part, I can state to the Senator
that I would be very far from doing any such
thing. It is true that I am a Senator from
Missouri; I look to the interests of the people
whom I represent; and none, I think, ever
looked more closely to the interests of his own
constituents than the Senator from Iowa. I
never blame the Senator for it. He has a per-
fect right to do so ; and lie ought not to blame
me for standing by the interests of the people
of Missouri.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not cast any censure
on the Senator.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Iowa is sadly mistaken, if he thinks I could be
induced to stop aside from my duty to the injury
or expense ot the people of any State of the
Union. I do not desire to do it, and I would
not do it. He says the Senator representing
the committee on this question has recom-
mended this amendment. I do not understand
that the Senator from Minnesota recommends
any such thing. The bill as it now stands pro-
vides that:
Tf nny bridge built under this act shall b© con-
structed as a draw-bridge, the same shall be con-
structed as a pivot, draw-bridsewith a draw over the
main channel of the river at an acccssible and navi-
gable point, anil with spans not less than one hun-
dred and seventy-fivolectin length on either side of
the eential 01 pivot-pier of the draw.
That, of course, is the length in the clear.
And the noxt adjoining spans to the draw shall not
be loss than two hundred and fifty feet.
If the Senator from Minnesota will say that
it is his intention to reduce the width of the
spans to one hundred and fifty feet, I will take
back what I have said in reference to my opin-
ions as to the construction of the bill; but I
never doubted the construction of the bill. If
the Senator from Illinois will allow the bill to
pass as it stands, I am satisfied with it; but he
moves this amendment; and the Senator from
Iowa says that the gentleman having charge
of the bill on behalf of the committee insists
upon the amendment. I have not so under-
stood the Senator from Minnesota, who read a
steamboat man's letter declaring that the pas-
sage of vessels required one hundred and
seventy-five feet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Min-
nesota will allow me to make a suggestion. We
ought not to take up time, I think, in a dis-
agreement as to what we mean. The Senator
from Minnesota has stated once or twice that
he did not intend the bill as the Senator from
Missouri understands it, that the opening was
to be one hundred and seventy-five feet on the
clear, but he understands that there is to come
out of this length of one hundred and seventy-
five feet whatever the draw rests upon on the
piers, winch he thought would make it a little
more than one hundred and fifty feet. I have
consulted the Senator from Minnesota, and he
is willing to make it specific by saying that the
opening shall not be less than one hundred and
fifty-five feet. Then there can be no doubt
about it.
Mr. RAMSEY. I am willing to agree to
that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will compromise with
the Senator from Illinois if he-will put it at one
hundred and sixty feet.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Well, I will agree to
that.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well, Mr. Pres-
ident 
Mr. TRUMBULL. If my friend from Mis-
souri will cease talking we can take a vote. I
modify my amendment so as to make the pro-
vision read:
And with openings of not less tho.n one hundred
and sixty feet wide in the clear on- each side of the
central or pivot pier of the draw.
^ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Illinois as thus modified.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish now to call the
attention of the Senator from Illinois and the
Senator from Minnesota to the first portion of
the second section of the bill as it has been
amended on-the motion of the committee, and
I desire to suggest an amendment to it, to which
I hope they will consent. It now declares:
That any bridge built under the provisions of this
act may, at the option of the company building the
same, be built as a draw-bridge, with a pivot or other
form of draw, or with unbroken or continuous spans:
Provided, That if the said bridgeshall be made with
unbroken and continuous spans, it shall not be of less'
elevation in any-ease than fifty feet above extreme
high-water mark as understood at the point of loca-
tion to the bottom chord of the bridge, nor shall the
- spans of said bridge be less than two hundred and
fitty feet in length, and the piers of said bridge shall
be parallel with the current of the river.
If these bridges are to bebuilt as continuous-
span bridges, I think it ought to be more spe-
cifically stated how they shall be constructed.
I propose, therefore, in lieu of this language,
to make it read:
That if any bridge built under the provisions of
this act shall be constructed with continuous and
unbroken spans, it shall not bo less than fifty feei,
above high-wa ter mark as understood at the point of
its erection, measuring for such elevation from the
surface of the water and sueh high stage to the bot-
tom chord of the bridge. The main span of sueh bridge
shall be made to covetthe main channel of the river.
There is no such declaration in the bill now,
but the bridge company may build the main
span where they choose, are not compelled to .
build it over the main channel of the river:
And such span shall not be less than three hun-
dred feet in length.
I suppose this will have to be altered to two
hundred and fifty feet if the Senators insist on
that width.
Mr. RAMSEY. I do.not insist on the spans
being only two hundred and fifty feet, but I
have the opinion here of an engineer attached
to the War Department. He says:
"In regard to the question of the economy and
practicability of truss bridges for railroads, I have
the honor to state that, in my judgment, spans #F
two hundred and fifty feet in the clear are as great
as should be adopted for crossing navigable rivers."
They are the extent of spans over almost all
the rivers with which we are familiar. The
spans of the great bridge crossing the Susque-
hanna river, now in process of erection, are
two hundred and fifty feet. It is desirable, of
course, to have them three hundred feet if the
Senate think they can be constructed of that
width.
Mr. HENDERSON. Every bridge on the
Ohio river is built with three hundred feet by
the law I have before me.
Mr. RAMSEY. How many bridges are
there on the Ohio?
Mr. HENDERSON. Here is a general law,
pages 289, 290 of the Session Acts of 1861-82,
and no continuous-span bridge can bo built
with less than three hundred feet on thatrivor.
Mr. RAMSEY. What is the width of the
Ohio river where the bridge is erected? There
is but one on the river, I think, now built.
Mr. HENDERSON. There are several
bridges on the river that have not been built
under this law; and they have led to continual
controversies in the courts of the United States
on the subject.
Mr. RAMSEY. In a narrow stream, of
course, it is easily thrown at a very high eleva-
tion, but the Mississippi is wider than the Ohio
river.
