1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
bers, and resolved to drive the white man, with
his ineffaceable image of superiority, from the
island or utterly to destroy him. It was the
negro who made this savage and unsparing war
on the white man; but if the war were mutual,
or had been made by the white man, it equally
proves that war between the races is inevitable,
and will continue until one of them extermi-
nates or enslaves the other, or until they are
separated by inhabiting different countries.
Still another solution is now contemplated,
miscegenation.
But, Mr. President, there is another West In-
dia island upon which has been cast the fate of
the negro, Cuba, of which I will take some no-
tice. We all know that Cuba continues to be a
Spanish slave colony. Its area is about 35,000
square miles. I will present a statement of its
population and exports and imports for several
different years:
Whites. Slaves. Free.
1827.. 311,651 280,970 106,490
1841 418,291 436,495 152,838
185 0 510,988 330,425 176,647
Exports. Imports.
1837  ....$20,346,607 $23,499,357
185 1  31,341,683 32,312,430
Total revenue. Sent to Spain.
1853 $25,791,206 $13,821,430
It is thus seen howprosperous Cuba, a slave
colony, has been, ana how rapid the growth of
that prosperity.
I have presented the case of San Domingo as
a French slave colony, and as an independent
negro island ; Jamaica as a British colony, first
slave, and then with her negroes liberated and
" equal before the law and Cuba as always
a slave colony; and the facts which I have
brought forward need no argument to prove
the great superiority of the slave over the free
islands. This superiority of development and
condition was the result of the dominating mind
aud energies of the white race, and is proof of
the inferiority of the negro.
Another great fact to the same effect is, that
the negro has been enslaved in every age of the
world of which there is any memorial; and
that he has been the slave of every other race,
and has never been able to enslave any one of
them. While many negro tribes are fierce and
intractable, others have much natural docil-
ity and are especially imitative. From these
latter tribes the favorite negro slaves that ap-
pear so often in history were doubtless derived.
The Jews in Solomon's time, and long before,
the ancient Egyptians, India, centuries before
Alexander broke over its confines as a con-
queror, the Assyrians, the Medes and Persians,
the intellectual and polished Creeks, the con-
quering Roman, both under the republic and
the empire, all had the negro slave, and held
him as property. He was the cliattelmovable,
or fixed to the realty throughout the middle
ages; and in modern times Portugal, Spain,
France, England, Holland, Sweden, Denmark,
and the maritime States of Italy, and all the
Americas, hunted the negro in his aboriginal
and savage home, and dragged him a slave
away into distant lands. In his new and strange
home he soon forgot kindred and country,
formed new ties, adopted simple pastimes, and
became contented and happy. This easy adap-
tation resulted from his lower organism, made
him docile and pleasant, and everywhere a
favorite slave.
Wherever and whenever the negro was en-
slaved he became more or less educated and
civilized. Among a scholarly people many, no
doubt, were to some extent schooled in letters,
in the elements of the lower sciences, and even
in some of the fine arts. All imbibed some
knowledge of the useful arts and the necessary
practical information to enable them to perform
the simple duties of their respective positions.
Take the whole mass of the negro slaves of a
country, particularly in the primitive and ear-
lier ages, when they were appropriated so largely
to household service, and it probably often had a
respectable aggregate ofcivilization and the con-
comitant acquirements—quite enough to have
enabled an appreciating and capable race both
to conserve and perpetuate what they had mas-
tered, and also to proceed on in an indefinite
career of progress.
All the great nations of antiquity with'whom
negroes lived in slavery, and from whom they
acquired knowledge and civilization, ran their
long and eventful careers, and passed away,
leaving a history behind them. The remaining
fragments of their nationalities and races are
accounted for; they are found among the con-
stituent elements of the new States which rose
upon the ruins of those that preceded them;
but the negro slaves, as separate and distinct
and insoluble almost as Jew and Gypsy, what
became of them ? Whether they remained with
their overthrown masters, under the conquerors,
or wandered back to the home of their fathers,
or migrated into other countries, they perpet-
uated themselves not, they made and wrote no
history, they left no distinctive monuments.
None but an inferior race could thus have
passed into oblivion, leaving "not' a Wreck
behind."
The other races of man have sent forth from
their hives into distant countries conquering
armies or overrunning hordes. They planted
primary colonies, some of which sent out off-
shoots; or the original colonists sojourned a
while in a strange land, and then made a new
start for a still more distant and desirable home.
But not so with the negro, whether primitively
barbarous or partially civilized. There is no
record that he ever planted a colony, or built
up a State, or formed a well-ordered Govern-
ment, either in his own country or any one to
which he had been carried as a slave; or made
any extended conquests, or war on any grander
scale than the barbarous incursions and con-
flicts of contiguous and petty savage tribes.
But, Mr. President, this is a subject about
which we have learned, not only by history and
the statements and collation of facts by others,
but also from our own experience and observa-
tion. We have had slavery in our own country,
until yesterday, more than two hundred years;
and the old thirteen, as Colonies and Slates,
clung to it for a longer period than a century;
and if the fifteen slave States had not been
coerced by military power slavery and property
in man would have lingered, at least in the cot-
ton, sugar, and rice fields of those States, for
centuries. Negro slavery will still abide there,
and abide there forever. The great products of
the warm latitudes have become the necessities
of the world. The white man will have them.
They can be produced only by the labor of hu-
man hands ; and in the localities where they
grow and flourish the air is charged with dis-
eases fatal to the white man, but against which
the negro is protected by a natural coat of mail.
The white man will not labor in those fields,
but he will put the negro in them, and make
him cultivate them, too.
This war drove the southern planters from
their richest fields, and thousands of northern
men rushed to take possession of them. How
many northern men entered those fields as toil-
ing laborers? Not one. They all sought to
cultivate them with the slaves of the refugees.
Individual property in the African slave may
have ccased forever, but his involuntary labor,
his slavery, in some form, in the fields of the
South, is his destiny. The God of nature hath
so ordained, and man cannot thwart it. The
degradation'of the negro in our country is known
to and acknowledged by everybody; but his
eulogists attribute it to the benightingand debas-
ing influence of his long enslavement. Who
and what was the negro when he was first brought
into slavery in America? He had no written
history. He had never elaborated any sys-
tems of science or discovered their simplest
principles; never designed any harmonious
order of architecture; never produced one of
the fine arts, or invented any machinery or
useful arts of the least complexity. H e had
neither eloquence, nor painting, nor sculpture,
nor poetry, nor a reasoned theology. He had
no modes of calculation, constructed no prin-
ciples of music or musical instruments ; had no
alphabet, or characters, or hieroglyphics. He
was almost without- language;' had %u%" the"
feeble glimmerings of reason; had achieved
scarcely any tiling since he came from the'Sands-
of his Creator, and had continued to be tbe--
lowest connecting- link with the brute creation.- .
All the other races of men -sterealso1 once' be- *
nighte-d savages'; but the}' had-been created with
a higher and more perfect qrga,hfeiri;' and!i^H-
doWed with saperiortaemffiesandpow^fe' More' '
excellent in complexion, form, acfio'n; aiid'in-
nate grace j the nicest'sensibilities* j agepre'-
flectio'n, with long forethought;-exMufetleSS-'.
invention, the most complex ratiocination ;- an
active and insatiable desire for'prbgresfc aiid
Eerfectibility; the workings withm'hins of" a-
igher divinity; a readier, freer, and closer "
communion with nature arid God, lifted him up
and propelled him from' his primal and ignoble
ignorance and destitution- to the aohievem-ents-
of his present civilization, which; grand and
affluent as they be, are but 'the prelude of his-
vast and incomprehensible future.
But during the long period in which the'Other
races have been moving on with their'wonderful
creations, almost a continent of negroes have
been fixed as a fossil under the weight of ^he-
barbarism and ignorance of untold centuries,
because their Creator had not endowed them-
with the faculties and energies to emerge from
it. So He made the progenitors of our negroes,
the freedmen of the United States, and they can
never break away from the essential nature of
their parent stock.
But I will present a picture of the negro aa
he now is, and as he is likely to be forever, in
his country, sketched by Mslte Brun :■
" The slave coast of Africa consists of several petty
States, which are all under the despotic sway of tho-
King of Dahomey. This-barbarian monarch'ehooses.
to have women for his body-guard, ana his palace is
surrounded by 1,000 of those amastons, arimed with
javelins and muskets, from whom he'selects his spe-
cial military aids and messengers. His ministers,
when they come into the royal presence, are obliged
to leave their silk robes at the gates of the palaceand
approach tho'throne walking on all fours, and rolling
their heads in the dust. The ferocity of this African
despot almost surpasses conception. The road to his
residence is strewed with human skulls, and the walls
are adorned and almost covered with jawbones. On
public occasions the sable monarch walks in solemn
pomp over the bloody heads of vanquished princesor
dissraccd ministers: At the festivals of the tribes, to
which all the people bring presents for (he king, he-
drenches tho tombs of his fathers with human blood.
Fifty dead bodies are thrown around theroyal sepul-
cher, and fifty heads displayed on poles. The blood
of these victims is presented to the king, who dips his
fingers into it and licks them. Human blood is mixed-
with clay to build temples in honor of deceased mon-
arehs. Theroyal widows killone another till it pleases
the new sovereign to put an end to the slaughter; and
the crowd assembled at their moist joyous festivals ap-
plaud such scenes of horror, and delight in tearing
the unhappy victims to pieces."
Such is the king and court of a group of
African tribes, and from this a reasonably ac-
curate idea of his subjects may be formed. The
difference between them and tho negroes of the
United States lias been produced wholly by the
slavery of the latter. The religious congrega-
tions and missionary societies of Europe and
America have been for a century expending-
millions of money, and the energies and lives
of devoted men and women, to Christianize and
civilize the heathen negro of Africa, and the
fruits of their long efforts are scarcely discern-
ible. But upon the same stock, slavery in the
United States exhibits four _ million negroes
with a larger amount of physical comforts, in-
telligence, civilization, Christian instruction,
and happiness than ever fell to the lot of that
number of this race in any age of the world.
We have often heard slavery denounced in this
Chamber as "the sum of all villainies;" but,
Mr. President, there is one more enormous vil-
lainy, and that is the manner in which slavery
has been broken up. The premature liberation
of several hundred thousand negroes, the*un-
measuredand immeasurable amount of misery
and suffering consequent upon it, both to the
living and the dead, and all that is yet to flow
from it, will help to demonstrate this great and
reckless wrong to the truth of history.
The deed, however, is done, and as I believe
most foully done ; but whether fairly or foully, I
would not, if I could, undo it. It was one of
those difficult, erroneous, and greatly mischie-
