1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3233
ing claim, and files a plat and enters it accord-
ing to the provisions of this bill; and B, who
has an adjoining claim, prefers not to enter.
A holds his claim by one title ; B holds his by
another. What is the relative condition of the
parties? Is B's right as good as the right of
A; or is he to be dispossessed if he does not
proceed and obtain title as required bylaw?
Will not such a conflicting system of titles in-
troduce discord and confusion into the rights
and interests of the mining peopleof this coun-
try, some holding under the provisions of this
bill, and some holding under the laws, cus-
toms. and usages of the mining community in
which they live? This provision, no doubt the
best that can be devissd, only illustrates that
it is impossible for Congress to undertake to
legislate for these mines in any way without
producing trouble and confusion. It is mani-
fest that no system can be adopted that will
be complete and perfect in itself, that will em-
brace all the interests and rights and claims of
all mining communities. So long as a system
cannot bo devised that is perfect in itself, like
the preemption law of the country, which will
apply to the ease of every miner alike, and put
them all upon an equal footing, and operate
equally everywhere in the mining country, it
will bo unwise, in my judgment, for Congress
to enter upon this sort of legislation.
I have examined this bill, and I wish to di-
rect the attention of the Senate to the defect-
iveness of its several provisions ; and 1 do so
because I do not wish to have Congress act
inconsiderately or hastily upon a subject of
this kind, in which a very large proportion of my
constituents are deeply interested, and in which
I believe the whole country is interested. The
bill pro\ides that when any person has occu-
pied and improved a claim according to local
custom or rules of miners, in regard to whose
possession there is no controversy or opposing
claim, that person may file a plat and enter
under the provisions of this law, but 110 pro-
vision is made in this bill for claims about
which there is a controversy or to which there
is an opposing claim.
Mr. STEWART. Read on.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have read the bill, and
I undeitake to say then}, is no provision in this
bill as to claims about which there is a contro-
versy pending at this time. It is known, I pre-
sume, to many Senators that some of the most
productive and valuable mining claims upon
the Pacific coast are in litigation or contro-
versy at this time; and yet this bill omits to
make any provision whatever for such claims.
Mr. STEWART. Let me call the Senator's
attention to the sixth section, which is in these
words:
And be it further enacted. That whenever adverse
cluiois to any mine located and claimed ay aforesaid,
shall appear before the approval of the survey, as
provided in the third section of this net, all proceed-
ings Minll be stayed until a tiaal settlement and ad-
judication in the eourtsot competentjuusdiction of
the lights oi possesion to such claim, wlien a patent
may issue as in other cases.
Mr. WILLIAMS. That shows that the hon-
orable Senator has not read his own bill as
carefully as'I have road it, for that applies not
to controversies existing when the plat is filed,
but to controversies that arise before the ap-
proval of the survey, as provided in the third
section of the bill, and the third section pro-
vides that upon the filing of the plat and sur-
vey, as provided in the second section, notice
shall be given in a newspaper, and notice
shall be posted up in the land office, and
then if after the expiration of ninety days no
opposing claimant appears, the party shall be
entitled to a patent; but if after the plat is
filed—and the second section, it will he no-
ticed, does not allow a plat to be filed where
there is any controversy about the claim—
and this notice is given, and during the pend-
ency of that notice any party appears to eon-
test the right of the claimant, then the pro-
ceedings are to be suspended until this contro-
versy can be determined in some court in the
country. I object also to the section referred
39tii Cong. 1st Resp.—ISTo. 203.
to by the Senator, because, instead of allow-
ing the land department to adjust controversies
between conflicting claims growing out of land
titles, this adjustment is transferred altogether
to the judiciary of the country; and that, as
every man I think will readily see, will intro-
duce great confusion into the land system of
the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him where those questions are settled
now at this time?
Mr. WILLIAMS. They are settled in the
land offices of the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg the Senator's par-
don ; that is not correct. Those questions in
regard to mining claims are settled in the local
courts of the State or Territory. 1 thought the
Senator was in favor, and had asserted that he
was in favor, of the present system.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am well aware of that;
but I was not speaking about the adjustment
of claims to mineial lands. At this time Gov-
ernment has nothing to do with those questions;
they are private matters. But now the Gov-
ernment proposes to put these mines upon the
same footing with the other public lands ofthe
United States; and I say that so far as the
settlement of questions growing out of contro-
versy between different claimants as to such
lands is concerned, it is adjusted in the land
offices ofthe country.
Mr. STEWART. Let me ask the Senator a
question. Would you, if you were going to
invent any system of sale, require the miners
to come to Washington to settle disputes in
regard to titles under the milling rules? Would
you, if you were going to adopt any system,
devise any other plan for having these local
difficulties settled except the courts in those
places, as provided in this bill? Is not that the
only way in which the sale can ever take place,
to allow them to be settled where they are now
settled by law?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not advising any
system of sale ; I am opposing every system of
selling the mineral lands. I say that no sys-
tem can be devised, and I defy any man to
devise any system of selling the mineral lands
of the United States at this time that will be
found to be wise and just in its practical oper-
ation. I say, however, if the land system of
the United Slates is to be extended to the
mineral lands of the country, then these pre-
liminary questions as to a conflict of claims
should be settled in the local land offices in
the first place, and then in the land department
at Washington if the decision there is not satis-
factory ; otherwise there can be no perfection
or harmony in the system. Now, two conflict-
ing claims are filed before the land office of a
certain district. That land office cannot pro-
ceed and examine and adjust those conflicting
claims according to the provisions of this bill,
but the litigation goes 011 in some local court,
before some justice ofthe peace, or before some
district or eiicuit couit, 01 other courts of the
State or Tcnitory, and there the question is
settled; so that the muniments of title partly
remain witli the courts and partly in the Execu-
tive Departments of the Government when it
is necessary, as it seems to me, that all evi-
dences of title should remain of record in 0110
Department, as they do at this time.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not like to interrupt
the Senator. *
Mr. WILLIAMS. I have 110 objection, and
am willing to be interrupted.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator is making a
very serious error in forgetting that the class
of disputation proposed to bo settled in the
local courts and judiciary, as it is now settled
by the local courts and judiciary in the mining
States and Territories, relates to possession,
and to possession alone. This bill does not
propose to transfer the disposition of the title
to the property of the United States to the
local authority, but proposes simply to con-
firm the title that the people themselves have
established everywhere. I thought the Senator
was in favor of that.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Section six of this bill
provides—
That whenever adverse claimants to any mine
located and claimed as aforesaid shall appear, be-
fore the approval of the survey as provided in the
third section of this act, all proceedings shall be
stayed until a final settlement and adjudication in
the courts of competent jurisdiction of the rights of
possession to such claim, when a patent may issue as
in other eases.
If I understand that language, it provides
that all controversies between conflicting claim-
ants shall be conducted in the courts of the
country, and when the court decides, upon that
decision the patent is to issue, and not to issue
upon any decision by the land department of
the Government.
Mr. CONNESS, Will the Senator permit
me to say a word right there for the purpose
of a clear understanding?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly; I have no
objection to any interruption.
Mr. .CONNESS. This, as I said before,
contemplates the determination of the ques-
tion of possession, the question of who has the
right to enter. Two parties make their ap-
pearance at the local land office of the United
States, and profess each to have the possessory
title, that is, the right of possession to the land .
under the local mining law. We do not pro-
pose to occupy the register of the land office
by determining that question. Why? Simply
because it would be changing the entire system
that the people themselves have established.
They are to be remanded back to settle that
question of possession according to the system,
established by the people themselves; and
when that is settled, then the party in whose
favor it is settled makes, his reappearance in
the land office and proceeds to deal with the
United States in every step necessary to obtain-
ing title.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that the
register can as well decide according to the
local customs and usages of the mining com-
munity as a couVt. He would be bound so to
decide according to the provisions of this bill.
I do not undertake to say that a register is
more competent than the courts of the country
to decide such questions ; but 1 apprehend that
if this system is introduced of adjusting these
controversies, procuring titles partly through
the land department and partly before the
courts of the country, confusion will be carried
into the system of giving titles by the Govern-
ment to persons upon the public lands; and I
think that, is a serious objection to this or any
such plan of selling the public lands of the
United States, whether they bo agricultural
or mineral lauds.
Now, Mr. President, whenever a person has
previously occupied and improved a mining
claim, according to the local customs or rules
of miners in the dislrict where the same is sit-
uated, lie is to lie allowed to file a plat andsur-
vcy. 1 ask if that does not devolve upon the
register and receiver necessarily the power and
duty of deciding as to whether that person has
or has not occupied that claim according to tho
rules and customs of the miners.
Mr. STEWART. That section has been
amended so as to require the improvements
on the land to amount to not less that a thou-
sand dollars. After the ninety days of publi-
cation. then the surveyor general goes upon
the land, makes a survey, and certifies as to
the amount of the improvements.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I understand that. After
the plat is filed and the notice is given, then the
surveyor general makes the survey; but before
a person is entitled to file his plat he must
make his claim in conformity with the usages
and customs of the mining district where he
resides. Now, I desire to know what security
this bill provides for claimants. Suppose A
takes his plat and goes one hundred miles to
a land office and says, "I have taken this
claim; here is the plat; I desire to file it."
Does this bill provide that he shall make an
affidavit that he has taken and occupied ihat
clairn?' Poos this bill provide that he shall
