1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4193
The petition of Edmund P. Jenkins for pay
as second lieutenant from the date of his com-
mission until the date of discharge ;
The petition of D. W. Wallingford, late sec-
ond lieutenant fifteenth Kansas cavalry volun-
teers, for compensation for services rendered
as an officer, for which he was not paid; and
The petition of W. F. Scott, late adjutant
fourth Iowa cavalry, for the difference between
the pay of sergeant major and adjutant pre-
vious to his muster; also for the three months'
extra pay proper.
Mr. ANCONA, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs, made adverse reports in the fol-
lowing cases; which were laid on the table:
The petition of H. B. Lacey, late brevet
jnajor United States volunteers, for relief for
losses of property and vouchers taken and de-
stroyed, without fault or negligence on his
part;
The petition of J. B. Allen, late lieutenant
and quartermaster seventy-second Pennsylva-
nia volunteers, for relief from responsibility
for certain money accounts lost during the
Antietam campaign;
The petition of Henry C. Pearson, first lieu-
tenant twenty-first regiment Pennsylvania vol-
unteer cavalry, for compensation for loss of a
horse and equipments; and
The memorial of Brevet Major General John
B. Sanborn in favor of soldiers in southwest
Missouri who furnished their private horses in
^the campaign of 18G4.
Mr. ANCONA also reported adversely on
the following resolution and bills of the House;
which were laid on the table:
A resolution instructing the Committee on
Military Affairs to inquire into the expediency
of reporting an amendment to the actof March
3, 1849, providing payment for horses and
equipments of officers lost by accident beyond
the control of the owner, resulting from the
management of railroad transportation, while
in the service of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 542) to allow the exten-
sion of the wharf at St. Louis;
A bill (H. B. No. 751) for the relief of
Henry C. Pearson; and
A bill (BE. R- No. 752) for the relief of Sam-
uel J. Green, late lieutenant third Pennsylva-
nia volunteer cavalry.
civil appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to take from the
Speaker's table the amendments of the Senate
to the civil appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that they be re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
that motion so that the Committee on Appro-
priations shall be instructed to report back as
an amendment to those amendments the fol-
lowing amendment, to equalize the bounties
of soldiers, sailors, and^ marines who served
in the late war for the Union :
That, instead of any grant of land or other bounty,
there shall be allowed and paid to each and every
soldier, sailor, and marine who faithfully served as
such in the Army,Navy, or Marino corps of thoUni-
ted States, anefwho has been or who may hereafter
be honorably discharged from such service, the sum
of eight and one third dollars per month, or at the
rate of $100 per year, as hereinafter provided, for all
the time duriiu; which such soldier, sailor, or marine
actually so served between theLith day ot April, 1861,
and the 19th day of April, 1H05. And in case of any
such soldier, sailor, or marine discharged from the
service on account of wounds received in battle or
while engaged in the line of his duty, the said allow-
ance of bounty shall be computed and paid up to the
end of the term of service for which his enlistment
was made. And in case of the death of any such sol-
dier, sailor, or marine while in the service, or in case
of his death after the discharge and before the end
ofhis term of enlistment, if discharged on account ot
being wounded, as provided, the allowance and pay-
ment shall bo made to his widow if she has not been
remarried or if there be no widow, then to the minor
child or children of the deceased who may be under
s.x'een years of age.
Sec And he it further enacted, lliat m computing
and' ascertaining the bounty to be paid to any sol-
dier, sailor, or marine, or his proper representatives,
under the provisions of this act, there shall be uc
ducted therefrom any and all boun ties already paid,
or payableunder existing laws, by the United St.irte..,
or by any State,county, city, town, or other municipal
organization, or by any vol -ntary association, so tha.t
39th Cong. 1st "No.
in no case shall the aggregate amount of bounty
allowed and paid from all sources exceed eight and
one third dollars for each month of actual faithful
servicc, or ai the rate of $100 per year. And in the
case of any sailor or marine to whom prize money
has been paid, oris payable, the amount of such prize
money shall also be deducted, and only such amount
of bounty paid as shall, together with audi piize
money and any other bounty paid or payable by the
United States, or by any State, county, city, town, or
other municipal organization, or by any voluntary
association, amount in the aggregate to the sum
allowed by this act.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted, That no bounty,
under the provisions of this act, shall be paid to or on
account of any soldier, sailor, or marine who served
as a substitue in either the Army or Navy, or who
was a captured prisoner ot war at the time of his
enlistment, nor to any one who was discharged on
his own application or'request prior to the 9th day of
April, 1865, unless such discharge was obtained with
a view to reenlistinent, or to aeceptproinotion in the
military or naval service of the United States, or to
be transferred from one branch of the military ser-
vice to another, and who did actually enlist or ac-
cept promotion or was so transferred. And no bounty
shall be paid to any soldier, sailor, or marine dis-
charged on the application or at the request of pa-
rents, guardians, or other persons, or on the ground
of minority.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That every petition
or application for bounty made under the provis-
ions of this act shall disclose and state specifically
under oath, and under the pains and penalises of per-
jury, what amount of bounty, either from the United
States orlroin any other source, and what amount of
prize money, if any, has been paid or is payable to
the soldier, sailor, ormaiine by whom or by whose
representation the chum is made.
Sec. 5. And be it furl her enacted, That whenever ap-
plication bhall be made by any claimant, through any
attorney or agent, the post otlicc'addressoi theclaim-
ant shall be furnished, giving the name ol the county
and State in which it is situated, and the amount of
commission or fee which the attorney or asent is to
receive for his service in the settlcmentof the claim,
which charges in no case shall exceed the sum of live
dollars; and every such application shall be accom-
panied bv the written affidavit of the attorney or
agent that he has not charged, nor agreed tor, and
will not accept more than such sum of five dollars
for his services in the case. The Paymaster Gen-
eral, or proper accounting officer of the Treasury,
upon ascertaining the amount due, shall cause to be
transmitted to such claimant thefull amount thereof,
less the foe to be paid to the attorney or a?cnt, which
fee shall bo paid to the said attorney or agentin per-
son, or transmitted to s>uch address as the attorney
may direct.
Sec. l>. And be it further enacted, That any attor-
ney or agent who shall receive Irom any claimant a
sum greater than five dollars for the prosecution of
any claim under the provisions of this act, upon con-
viction thereof fchitll pay a line not to exceed thesum
of Sl,U0O, or impiisonment for a term not le*s than
one year, or both, as the court or jury may adjudge,
and shall be forever thereafter excluded from pros-
ecuting claims of any nature whatever against the
Government of the United States. #
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That m case the
payments shall be made in the form of a check, or-
der, or draft upon any paymaster, national bank, or
Government depository in ornearthcdwtrictnvherein
the claimant may reside, itshall bo necessary for the
claimant to establish, by the affidavits of two credi-
ble witnesses, that he is the identical person named
therein; but in no case shall such chocks, orders, or
drafts be made negotiable until after such ldentifaca-
Sfc. 8. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
bo lawful for any soldier, sailor, or maiinc to trans-
fer, assign, barter, or sell his discharge, final state-
ment, descriptive list, or other papeis for the pur-
pose of transferring, assigning, barteiing. or selling
any interest in any bounty under the provisions ot
this act; and ail such transfer.-, assignments, barters,
or sales heietofor© made arc hereby declared null
and void as to any rights intended so to be conveyed
by any such soldier, sailor, or marine.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, ihat no adjust-
ment or payment of any claim of any soldier, sailor,
or marine, or of his proper representatives, under
the provisions of this act, shall be made unless the
application be filed within two years Irom thepas-
sa~o of the act; and the settlement of accounts oi
deceased soldiers, sailors, and marines shall be made
in the same manner as now provided by law.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
ti°n.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to say that my object in oflering this
amendment to the motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] is to place
the subject of the equalization of the bounties
of the soldiers in such position as to force the
Senate to some action on it. The House has
passed the bill embodied in my amendment,
but I fear it will not pass the other House dur-
ing this session ; and I want to put, the subject
in such shape as to compel action by^ both
Houses. We ought not to adjourn without
adopting some just system of equalization of
soldiers' bounties. If my amendment should
be adopted, and the Senate should refuse to
concur, the subject can then go to a committee
of conference where it can-tie so disposed of as
to secure an agreement between the two Houses,
and do justice to those who fought our batuus.
We ought not to delay this matter, and I hope
the adoption of my amendment will secure
spUdy action.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. wilsox, of Iowa, to add that the com-
mittee be instructed to report the amendment,
it was agreed to—ayes 69, noes 27.
The motion, as amended, was then agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the motion, as amended, was
agreed to; and also moved to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table. *
FENIAN PRISONERS IN CANADA.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the House, of Representatives:
In answer to two resolutions of the House of
Representatives of the 23d instant, in the fol-
lowing words, respectively—
"Resolved, That the House of Representatives re-
spectfully request the President of the United States
to urge upon the Canadian authorities and also tho
British Government the releaseof the Fenian pris-
oners recently captured in Canada."
•'lietohed. That this House respectfully request the
President to cause the prosecutions instituted in the
United States couits ascainst the Fenians to be dis-
continued, if compatible with tho public interest"—
I transmit a report, on the subject from the
Secretary of State, together with the docu-
ments which accompany it.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washis-gtok, July 26, 18G6.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the papers be
printed and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
The motion was agreed to. •
neutral relations of the united states.
The House proceeded to the consideration
of the regular order, being House bill No. 806,
more effectually to preserve the neutral rela-
tions of the United States.
The bill was read, as follows:
That if any citizen of the United Statesshall, within
the territory or jurisdiction thereof, accept and ex-
ercise a commission to serve a foreign prmce, State,
against any prince, {Mare, eoiony, uisuici, or people
with whom tho United States are at peace, the per-
son so ofiendmg shall be deemed guilty of a misde-
meanor, and shall, upon conviction thereof, be pun-
ished by fine and imprisonment, or either, at the
discretion of the court in which such oilender snail
be convicted.
Sec. 3. And he it further enacted. That if any per-
son shall, within the limits of tho United States, fit
out and arm, or attempt to lit out and arm, or pro-
em o to be fitted out and armed, or shall knowingly
be concern oil in the furnishing, fitting out, and arm-
ing of any ship or vessel with intent that snch ship
or vessel shall bo employed in the servieo of any
foreign prince, State, colony, district, or people to
cruise or commit hostilities against the subjects,
citizens, or property of any foreign prmec or State,
or anv colony, district, or people with whom the
United States are at peace; or shall issue or deliver
a, commission within the territory or jurisdiction of
the United States for any ship or * essel to tliemtenfc
that she may be employed as aforesaid, or shall
have 011 board any person or persons who shall have
been enlisted, or shall have engaged to enlist or
serve, or shall be departing from the jurisdiction of
the United States with intent to enlist or serve m
contravention of the provisions of this act, every
peison so offending shall be deemed guilty of a mis-
demeanor, and shall upon conviction.thereof be pun-
ished by fine and imprisonment, or eitner o  them, at
the discretion of the court in winch such offender
shall be convicted; and every such snip and vessel,
with her tackle, apparel,and furniture, togfiherwith
all materials, arms, ammunition, and stores, wmcB
may have been procured for the building and equip-
ment thereof, shall be forfeited.
Sec. 4. And be it farther enacted, That it shall be
lawful for any collector of the customs, who it by law
empowered to make seizuies for any forfeiture
eurrcd under any of the laws of oustoms. to seize
such ships and vessels m such places ana m siun
manner in which the officers of the ^
powered to make seizures unuer the hiws fortrie col
lection and protection of the revenue,and tlia^o try
such ship and vessel .with the tackle, apparel, anu iur-
nkure, together with all the materials, arms, ammu-
nition and stores which may belong to or b^ on
board such ship or vessel, may be prosecuted or con-
demned for the violation of the provisions of this
