2274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 80,
Mr..KIRK"VVOOD. I suggest to the Senator
from Missouri that there is a part of his amend-
ment. which would come in at the end of the
third section, and perhaps he had better offer
it in that form.
Mr. HENDERSON. I prefer the language
as I have submitted it; but I do not wish to
take up time, for I see that the Senate is im-
patient. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now before the Senate is on concurring
in the amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole to the second section as it has been
amended.
The amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
another amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole which was excepted and which will
now be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, as fol-
lows :
And be it further enacted, TVi.t abridge may be con-
structed at the town of Hannibal, in the State of Mis-
souri, across tho Mississippi river, so as to connect
the Hannibal and St. Joseph railroad with the 1'ike
County and Great Wesforn railroads of Illinois, on
the same terms and subject to the same i esti ictions
as contained in tins act for the construction of the
bridge at Quincy, Illinois.
The amendment was concurred in.
The Bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
tliird reading, and was read the third time and
passed.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I think the title of the
bill should be amended. It does.not indicate
what the bill is. I move to amend the title so
as to read, "A bill to authorize the construc-
tion of certain bridges, and establishing them
as post roads."
The amendment was agreed to.
PACIFIC It.UUlOAD EASTERN DIVISION.
Mr. HOWARD. Tho Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, J;o whom was referred a mes-
sage of tho President of the United States rec-
ommending an extension of the time allowed
by law for completing the first one hundred
miles of the Union Pacific railroad, eastern
division, have had the same under considera-
tion, and have directed me to report tho mes-
sage and documents with a joint resolution. I
ask for the present consideration of the joint
resolution.
Mr. SHERMAN. I object. I have already
yielded an hour and a half, and I insist upon
the regular order of business.
The joint resolution (,S. It. No. 80) extend-
ing the time for the completion of the Union
Pacific railway, eastern division, was read and
passed to the second reading.
USE OF THE HALL.
Mr. WILSON. A day or two ago I offered
a resolution to grant Ihe use of this Hall to
Mr. Murdoch for a reading for the benefit of
tho orphans of soldiers and sailors. I desire
to take up the resolution and have the question
settled whether we shall grant the use of tho
Hall or not, as the reading- is to take place on
Thursday, and (he pari ies interested are exceed-
ingly anxious to know whether the use of the
Hail is to be granted.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the regular
order of business. We can just as well decide
in the morning the matter referred to by the
Senator from Massachusetts as we can now.
. '-Phe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The spe-
cial order having been laid aside informally by
unanimous consent, must now come up, a call
for it being made.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The "Senate resumed the consideration of
the bill (II. R. No. 280) making appropriations
for the service of the Post Office Department
during the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867,
and for other purposes, the pending question
being on the following amendment, proposed
by Mr. Hexdiiiisox as an additional section:
Aiid be it further enacted, That iu all eases in which
persons hav o boon or shall bo appointed, cither dur-
ing the recess or during1 the session of the Senate, as
assistant postmasters or other civil officers under the
Government, whose appointments require the consent
of the Senate, and whose appointments, having been
submitted to the Senate, have been rejected or not
consented to before the adjournment thereof, no
money shall be drawn from the Treasury or used from
any fund or appropriation made or crcoted by law to
pay the salaries of such persons under such appoint-
ments, or under any previous appointment to the
same ofiice, for services rendered alter said adjourn-
ment. And if any such person so rejected by the
Senate shall, after sueh adjournment, be appointed
to the same office, no money shall be drawn or used
as aforesaid to pay his salary until his appointment
shall have been consented to by the Senate at its
succeeding session.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from Illi-
nois has submitted an amendment to the bill,
the language of which I like better than that,
and therefore 1 withdraw the pending amend-
ment, at least for the time being, until his
amendment shall have been acted upon, though
if I see fit I may propose it afterward with
some change of language; I am not satisfied
with it in its present shape.
The PRESIDENT £ o tempore. The Sen-
ator from Missouri withdraws his amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I offer this amendment
as an additional section:
And be it farther enacted, That no person exercising
or performing or undertaking to exercise or perform
the duties of any office whieh by J:nv is required to
be tilled by the advice and consent of the Senate,
shall, before confirmation by the Senate, receive any
salary m compensation for his services unless sueh
poison be commissioned by the President to fill up a
vacancy whieh has happened by death, resignation,
or expiration of term, duiing the recess of the Sen-
ate and since its last adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. - I should like to know the
reasons why the honorable member from Illi-
nois supposes a provision of that sort is con-
stitutional. There was a period in tho begin-
ning of the Government when the President's
power to remove was considered somewhat
questionable. It was, however, decided by the
Senate to be a clear power; and from thattimc
to the present I do not know that the legality of
the power has ever been questioned. Mr. Web-
ster, many years ago, when there was a con-
test between the then President of the United
States and the Senate—a contest just as angry
or just as excited as tlie contest which may be
supposed to exist now between a majority of
(he Senate and the President—was disposed
to call in question the power of removal; but
the Senate will find that, in a letter written by
Mr. Madison, in the Papers we have recently
published, in reply to Mr. Coles, who had been
his former secretary, he enters into ail argu-
ment on the subject and considers it a question
no longer open for controversy. The Senate
were very anxious at that time to prevent, if
they could do it, the power which President
Jackson was from time to time exercising, but
they had to abandon it. I think the Supreme
Court have more than once, the question being
presented, recognized the power to remove, and
tlioy have done it even in relation to a judicial
officer. The members of Sie judicial depart-
ment of the Government provided by the Con-
stitution hold their office during good beha-
vior. But, notwithstanding that, the judges of
territorial governments, it was held, were al-
ways liable to bo removed by the President;
and a case was brought into tho Supreme Court
by a judge who had been removed, claiming
his salary on the ground that ho could not be
removed, not because there existed no power
to remove in relation to officers generally, but
because of the particular character of his office;
and the Supreme Court, as well as I recollect
—I do not speak with positive certainty on the
subject—decided that a judge in a Territory
was not to be considered as a judge within the
judicial department of the Government, and
was therefore just as liable to be removed as
any other officer appointed under the Consti-
tution and laws.
Now, I am not sure that I exactly under-
stand the amendment proposed by my friend
from Illinois. He does not mean, I suppose, to
deny lhat the President has a rightto remove,
but he provides that if he docs remove, and if
the officer whom he appoints to take the place
of tlie officer removed goes into office, he shall
receive no compensation until his appointment
shall have been confirmed by the Senate. I
suppose that the time when the President of
the United States is to send in his nomina-.
tions is a matter for himself to decide, as it is
for the Senat&to decide at what time they will
act upon the nominations when they shall come
in. If he has a right to remove and lie lias a
right to appoint, and no officer is to get his pay
untilthe Senate haveaeteduponthenomination,
when it shall act, what is to become of the inter-
ests of the country in the interval that may pass
between the period of the removal of the original
incumbent and the confirmation of the nomi-
nation of his successor? Are the wheels of
the Government, as far as they depend upon
the filling of that office, to be arrested, to be
stopped? And if they are not, is it proper to
pass such an amendment as this, as the amend-
ment. will necessarily lead to that result? It
cannot be supposed that a man"Vvill go into
office and remain there subject to the contin-
gency that he may be rejected by the Senate,
that no matter how long he remains during a
long session ho is to get nothing unless the
Senate shall confirm him. I should like to
hear from my friend from Illinois upon what
grounds he supposes that the power in the first
place exists; and secondly, if the power exists,
upon what grounds he supposes it to be advisa-
ble to exercise the power.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, I do not
think that the question of the power of the
President to remove from ofiice an incumbent
and appoint another in his place during the
recess is necessarily involved in the amend-
ment which I have offered. That is a contro-
verted point and has been from the foundation
of the Government. The practice, I am aware,
has been for the President to exercise the
power to remove from office by making new
appointments; and this has generally been
acquiesced in.
The laws upon this subject have not, how-
ever, been uniform. In 1803 there was cre-
ated an officer called the Comptroller of the
Currency, and in the law establishing the Cur-
rency Bureau it was provided that " there shall
be appointed a chief officer to be styled the
Comptroller of the Currency, who shall be
under the general direction of the Secretary
of the Treasury." The law further provided
that "he shall be a'ppointed by the President,
on the nomination of the Secretary of the
Treasury, by and with the advice and consent
of the Seriate, and shall hold his office for the
term of five years unless sooner removed by
the President by and with tho advice and con-
sent of tho Senate."
That law, passed in 1863, provided that the
Comptroller of the Currency should be re-
moved from office by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate alone, and according to
that statute it is not competent for the Presi-
dent of the United States to remove the Comp-
troller of the Currency except by the advice
and consent of the Senate. The legislative
construction which was put npon the Presi-
dents power in 18G3 by this- act was that it
was competent for Congress to provide that
persons could be removed from office only by
the advice and consent of the Senate when
they were appointed by that advice and con-
sent.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of that
act?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was approved by Ihe
President of the United States at that t'iine,
Mr. Lincoln, and I believe—1 have not looked
into the Journals—it was voted for. my impres-
sion is it was voted for by the present Presi-
dent of the.United States.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the date of its
approval ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The approval was on
the loth of February, 1863.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the present Presi-
dent was not a member of the Senate then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am not quite sure
whether the present President of the United
States was in this body at that time and voted
for the law. My recollection, however, is that
