3334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
furnish the register with any evidence oil that
subject? Can any man, anywhere, simplyby
making a plat upon apiece of paper and going
to a land office enter any claim he sees proper?
I say he can, according to the terms of this
bill; and there is no security for men who have
honestly located mining claims, but every man
who is unscrupulous enough can, in this way,
involve in controversy the claims of those who
honestly occupy and improve the land. There
ought to be some provision here requiring this
man when he files Ms plat, to show to the regis-
ter that he has settled and occupied and im-
proved the claim according to the rules and
usages of the mining community in which it is
located.
Mr. STEWART. What good would that
do? What hurt does it do to permit a party
to file a plat ? He gets no title with the plat.
After the notice has been given, the surveyor
is to go there to survey the land, and if it turns
out that the party has no mine, he gets no cer-
tificate. There is no danger of one person
intruding on anybody else, because he has to
file a plat and give ninety days' notice, and
then the surveyor is to go there to survey it.
Piling a plat gives no title; and what would
be the use of inserting a provision here requir-
• ing him to swear to it? The filing of the plat
does no living person any hurt.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I differ with the honor-
able Senator on that subject. I think a plat
will do harm, for it is provided that when this
plat is filed, the party filing it shall give notice,
it does not say of what, but he is to give some
notice iu the nearest newspaper, and he is to
post up a notice in the land office that he has
taken a certain claim. Every man knows that
upon the bead waters of the Columbia and
along the northern boundary of the United
States, and in Idaho, in Montana, in Colorado
and New Mexico, there are many mining local-
ities where newspapers do not circulate, where
men could know nothing about snch notices.
I wish to call the attention of the Senator par-
ticularly to that point, because he has affirmed
that, the filing of the plat does no one any harm.
I say that the filing of the plat gives the person
who files it a title to the claim described in that
plat, provided no one appears to controvert his
right within ninety days. But no one can
know thai the plat is filed unless he happens
to go into the register's office, which may be
located one hundred or two hundred miles from
the claim, and sees there the notice posted up,
or unless he sees a notice of it in some news-
paper which may be published at the distance
of three hundred miles; for it is true that
there are mining localities upon the Pacific
coast which newspapers rarely reach, and from
which the nearest newspaper is hundreds of
miles away.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose he does not;
suppose he is one hundred miles off, and does
not know anything about it. After the plat is
filed, the surveyor has got to go there, and if
he finds another man in possession, he will not
certify to the land. The bill provides that
there shall be $1,000 worth of improvements,
and it contains every precaution that is neces-
sary. These miners are very vigilant, and the
ninety days' notice I think is ample. The min-
ers are not caught in that way very often. I
do not think there will be any swindling in that
way. No danger need be apprehended from
that source.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I think there is danger
in allowing a man by filing a plat, without any
evidence that he is entitled to file it, to take
the initiatory step for the attainment of title,
because the plat itself becomes a cloud upon
the title of the miner who may rightfully occupy
the claim. The Senator says there is no dan-
ger. _ I am sure he is acquainted with the fact
that in these mining localities men are con-
stantly jumping each other's claims and devising
every scheme and expedient to obtain the rights
of each other; and here it seems to me is a chance
for such a man, even if he does not succeed in
obtaining the title, to involve the owner of a
claim in a controversy and litigation which may
redound to the advantage of the wrong-doer.
I do not undertake to say that this is not the
best scheme that can be devised. I am, per-
haps, willing to admit that no better plan can
be projected; but I am simply undertaking to
show that no scheme for obtaining titles in the
mining country, situated as the people of that
country are, can be devised that will not work
injustice and hardship to the miner and be a
disadvantage to the Government.
I wish to invite the attention of honorable
Senators to another provision of the bill. I
desire to understand the bill, at any rate. I
find here that a person is allowed to enter a
tract " and receive a patent therefor, granting
such mine, together with the right to follow
said vein or lode with its dips, angles, and
variations to any depth, although it may enter
land adjoining, which land adjoining shall be
subject to this condition." Now, I desire to
know if it is intended to allow the claimant to
follow this vein with its dips, angles, and vari-
ations longitudinally as well as laterally?
Mr. CONNESS. I should like to inquire of
the honorable Senator if he ever resided in a
mining community or has had experience in
connection with mines. I beg him to believe
that my inquiry is simply to get to a clear
understanding of the point he raises.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I presume the honorable
Senator knows where I reside.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the Senator re-
sides at'Portland, and I do not think there are
any veins there. I did not know, however,
whether or not the honorable Senator had ever
resided in the interior and become practically
acquainted with the mining country. I desire
to say to him, in this connection, that vein mines
do not enter the earth by perpendicular lines;
but, on the contrary, have what are called dips
or slants running by oblique lines into the earth ;
that they follow each other regularly in that
respect; and that the custom now and the
habit everywhere and the law, first determined
by necessity, by the fact, next by the popula-
tion obeying that necessity, next by the local
courts affirming that necessity by their decis-
ions, is that the miner is authorized to follow
every vein according to its dips and angles
and variations. This whole bill is based upon
the principle of confirming what has grown out
of necessity, the wisest system, perhaps, that
could possibly be devised, which is the work
of those people themselves. Would the Sen-
ator want to enter the earth by perpendicular
lines so that a man who owned a claim to-day,
after lie had descended fifty feet after it, should
leave it to the ownership of another man to-
morrow ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not understand that
the Senator has answered the question which
I propounded upon the terms of this bill. I
did not inquire as to the law of the mining coun-
try at this time, but what does this bill provide
upon that subject. Docs it provide that these
dips and angles and variations maybe followed
longitudinally, as well as laterally, or-only lat-
erally ?
Mr. STEWART. No man living can make
it clearer than the language of the bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I was aware, and have
been for the last three quarters of an hour, that
the Senator from Oregon did not understand
this bill, and I am i^tthcr impressed with the
belief that he cannot be made to understand it.
I see that this remark excites merriment; but
I assure the honorable Senator that I say it
wi th all respect. It is not because of the want
of understanding of my honorable friend, who
has so high a standing in my own estimation,
certainly as high as he could possibly wish to
have, but the want of an acquaintance, in all
probability, with a mining country. It is clear
that the Senator does not comprehend the
exigencies that belong to a mining country.
Mr. WILLIAMS. The honorable Senator
has not answered my question.
Mr. CONNESS. No; I do not intend to
answer it just as you put it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I know 
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to answer. The
fourth section contains this provision:
Provided, That no location hereafter made shall
exceed three hundred feet in length along the vein
for each locator,with an additional ciaim fordiseov-
ery tothediscoverer.with therighttofollowsuchvein
to any depth—
Not to any length—
with all its dips, variations, and angles, together with
a reasonable quantity of surface for the convenient
working of the same as fixed by loeal rules.
Dips and angles and variations do not go
longitudinally.
Mr. CONNESS. That simply is no change;
it is the law of the mines now.
Mr. STEWART. Just the same. While I
am on my feet, I must say that I am really
astonished that any man from the Pacific coast
should object to a confirmation of our mining
titles when the bills that are daily introduced
into these Halls are destroying the people of
that country. Day after day I receive tele-
graphic dispatches announcing that this man
has broken and that man has broken; "the
introduction of Julian's bill has knocked
stocks, and your friend A B is broken; he
is destroyed." I want to get a permanent
peace, so that our people shall be let alone;
and if we can reach that consummation, I shall
never disturb it. The utter impossibility of
having any stability to our titles while this agi-
tation lasts, and the ruin that it is bringing on
my State, make it necessary that the agitation
should be stopped. I am astonished at op-
position to this measure bv a man from the
Pacific coast who ought to have some knowl-
edge of the ruin that is being wrought by the
bills which are being introduced into Con-
gress, which in their practical operation would
amount to a general system of confiscation.
They are not so designed, I know, but they
are so understood there. During the last year
there have been more failures in mining en-
terprises, in consequence of the fluctuations
caused by agitation here, than during the
whole period since the first discovery of the
precious metals in that country. We must
stop the agitation of this question, if it be pos-
sible; b«t neither the gentleman nor myself
have the power to do it; we cannot stop thirty
million people from agitating the question.
That being the case, let us have fixed rights,
so that A, B, and C cannot come into Con-
gress, and for the mere purpose of getting a
little temporary popularity, propose to pay the
national debt out of our mines, and have that
fact telegraphed over the continent, causing
fluctuations which involve the ruin of forty or
fifty companies of enterprising men. We can-
not and must not hold our titles upon such
uncertainly. If this can be stopped, let it be
stopped; but the gentleman has no power to
stop it.
All there is in this bill is a simple confirma-
tion of the existing condition of things in the
mining regions, leaving everything where it
was, indorsing the mining rules. It simply
adopts and perfects the existing system, allow-
ing these people to enjoy their property with-
out being subject to the fluctuations created
now by the dotations in Congress. It has
been a matter of serious consideration for
years before I brought myself to believe that
there was an absolute necessity for action by
Congress. Since this agitation has come up
it is now a necessity. While it lasts there is
no title, no security, no prosperity in your
mines. The gentleman would do well to in-
vestigate this bill carefully. The objections
to the bill, it seems to me, are as frivolous as
could possibly be made. The objections that
have been urged to the bill, one after another,
would be answered by reading the bill through.
I do hope that this question maybe put at rest
that our miners may have their titles con-
firmed, and that is all there is in the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I am very
much obliged to the honorable Senator from
Nevada for his admonition to me as to the
manner in which I shall perform my duty here,
