1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ceeds of the prosecution shall be paid into the
Treasury of the United States.
The bill also repeals the sixth section of the
act of 1818, against setting on foot expeditions
against a foreign Government. The effect of
that section is to enable the Government to
hold a single man, a society, or association
of men responsible for acts committed by a
people. It is not contained in the English law.
Instead of this the bill proposes that every
man engaged in any enterprise prohibited by
the provisions of this act or the laws of the
country, shall be held responsible for what
he himself does and shall be punished for any
violation of law.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
Mr. BANKS. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I understood the gentle-
man to say that, as amended, the bill gave fhe
whole forfeiture to the United States. Is that
one of the amendments which has been adopted
by the House?
Mr. BANKS. The amendment has been
adopted by the House.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I do not think there
will ever be a prosecution. I suppose that is
the object of it.
Mr. BANKS. The Government is remanded
to the persons by whom the olfenses are com-
mitted. It is a provision which is based upon
sound principles of law and justice. On the
other hand, the bill gives the Government every
power required for maintaining the neutrality
of the nation. It gives the Government power
to prevent aijd punish enlistments within the
United States for hostilities against foreign
Powers. It prohibits and punishes the organi-
zation of any expedition within the United
States against other Governments by making
every man engaged therein responsible for his
crime. It gives to the President, the same as
the law of 1818, power to use the land and
naval forces to execute the law; and also to
compel foreign vessels, if necessary, to depart
from the country.
The bill clothcs the collectors, as I have said
before, %vith power to prosecute violations of
this law as in the prosecution of violations of
the revenue laws, upon which the existence of
the Government depends. It provides for the
punishment of citizens who have committed
offenses against other Governments beyond its
jurisdiction whenever they shall have returned.
It withholds nothing given by other Govern-
ments to maintain in force laws of neutrality,
but imposes upon the people no restrictions
not necessary for maintaining peace with other
nations. Beyond this I have nothing to say.
I repeat, the purpose and object of this bill is
to modify our statutes to correspond with the
statutes of Great Britain, to place them upon
a level with those of other Governments, and
to give our citizens, as far as possible, all the
privileges necessary to the full development
of the prosperity and power of the country,
and which may not conflict with the rights of
other Governments. The single addition made
by the committee in this bill is that embodied
in section ten. It provides—
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act or any other existing law shall be so con-
strued as to prohibit citizens of the United States
from selling vessels, ships, or steamers built within
the limits thereof, or materials or munitions of war
the growth or product of the same, to inhabitants^
other countries or to Governments not at war with
the United States: Provided, That the operation of
this section of this act shall be suspended by the
President with regard to any classes of purchasers,
whenever or wherever the maintenance of friendly
relations with any foieign nation may, in his judg-
ment, require it.
It is believed by many well-informed citi-
zens that this right now exists. But citizens
are prosecuted for its violation and the busi-
ness of the country is greatly impeded by this
uncertainty. Therefore, to remove all doubt,
the committee have reported this section.
I surrender the floor now to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Raymond. ]
Mr. RAYMOND. My main purpose in ris-
ing, Mr. Speaker, is to move the substitution
of a resolution reported by the minority of the
Committee on Foreign Affairs for the bill now
before the House. I do not propose to enter
upon any discussion either of the bill or of the
very important principles which it embodies.
I think that even the cursory statement just
made by the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs will show the House that the
change proposed in the neutrality laws of this
country is one of a very sweeping character
and one which ought not to be made without
more careful deliberation than it is now in our
power at present to give it. I think the posi-
tion which the United States lias always held
on the subject of the duties and obligations of
neutrality has been such as to command in a
very high and marked degree the rcspcct of all
other nations as well as the confidence and
approval of our own people.
While our Government has always given the
largest scope to the claims of neutral Powers
it has also assumed in the fullest and most
complete manner all the obligations and duties
of neutrality. It has provided, I think, more
fully than any other nation for the preser-
vation of the rights and obligations of nue-
trality toward all other Powers. While it
claims to the fullest extent that neutral nations
shall enjoy the rights to which they are entitled
as against belligerents, it has also held that war
was exclusively the concern of the Government,
and that individual citizens in any nation should
never be allowed either to make war or to com-
mit acts calculated to lead the nation into war
without the fullest sanction of the Government,
with whom alone that right and that power
exist. And while it has always had upon its
statute-books stringent laws of neutrality con-
formable in all respects to the rights of neu-
trality, it has also endeavored—sometimes I
admit with indifferentsuccess—to enforce these
laws with rigid and exact justice, and to pre-
vent citizens of the country from making war
with any Power to which the Government itself
had not previously made itself a party. It
seems to me well for us to consider whether
we can afford, in point of character—1 do not
speak of what we can afford to do in point of
interest—to depart from the great principles
which were laid down and embodied in the
action of our Government under the adminis-
tration of Washington, and which has continued
to sway its counsels without interruption from
that day to this.
But, as I said, I do not wish to enter at this
late day upon any discussion of the general
principles which this subject involves. I rose
rather to say that it seems to me, as it seemed
to my colleague on the committee, [Mr. Pat-
teksox,] who joined me in the minority re-
port, that this subject merits much more full
and careful consideration than we are now
able to give it. But a few months will elapse
before we shall again reassemble in the De-
cember session. The resolution reported by
the minority proposes that a joint committee,
to consist of three members of the Senate and
six members of the House, shall take into con-
sideration during the recess the subject of re-
vising our neutral laws, and that they shall re-
port at the next session such changes as they
think it wise and expedient to make in order to
conform these laws to the changed condition of
international affairs and the progressive spirit
of the age. I submit to the House that in that
way wc shall stand a much better chance of
attaining results which will be satisfactory to
us as well as to the people of the whole coun-
try than by acting in this necessarily hasty and
imperfect manner upon the bill now brought
before the House. I know no exigency in our
public affairs which requires ns to enter upon
an immediate change in our neutrality laws.
On the contrary, circumstances exist which
incline me to believe that caution is more than
ever requisite in making such a change. I can
very readily see how the enactment of such a
law as this, in haste necessarily, might encour-
age individual enterprises and expeditions at
war with the spirit of our laws and with the
real interests and honor of tho nation.
It is proposed in this bill, moreover, as the
chairman of the committee has stated, to base
our laws of neutrality, not upon the principles
which we ourselves have always held on this
subject, but upon the laws and practices of a
foreign Power. Now, sir, I submit that that
is not a wise basis for our action. I concur
fully in the sentiment that members cherish
here concerning the action of certain foreign
Powers on the subject of neutrality during our
recent civil war. But do wc not owe it to our
own dignity and honor to continue to do here-
after what wc have always done hitherto—base
public laws of this kind upon the public prin-
ciples which have come to be known as the
American principles on tho subject of inter-
national law? I shall with great reluctance
eot&ont to a departure from that which is our
traditional policy, and which I believe to be the
policy most consistent with the dominion and
greatness of our nation. Especially should I
be unwilling to make these serious changes in
so hasty and imperfect a manner as these must
be made if they are made now in the way pro-
posed.
I move to amend this bill by substituting the
resolution reported by the minority of the Com-
mittee on Foreign Affairs; and 1 ask the Clerk
to read the resolution.
The SPEAKER. A joint resolution or a
bill cannot be amended by substituting a con-
current resolution for it, for the two are incon-
gruous.
Mr. RAYMOND. I understand that the
bill is before the House for consideration.
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. RAYMOND. My proposition is to
substitute a joint resolution for it.
The SPEAKER. The resolution reported
by the minority of tho Comnjittec on Foreign
Affairs is a concurrent resolution.
Mr. RAYMOND. I move, then, to amend
the bill by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting the following:
That a joint committee ofthree members of the Sen-
ate and six members of the House of Representatives
be appointed to revise tho several statutes affecting
the neutral relations of the people of the United
States with those of other nations, and to consider
and report what legislation is necessary to sccme to
the people of the United States tho rights enjoyed by
other nations: to sccurethe largest liberty of inter-
course and trade consistent with permanent peace,
and to harmonize the statutes of the United States
upon this subject with those of other nations, and
with tho progressive spirit of the ago.
The SPEAKER. The motion to amend is
not now in order, pending the motion to recom-
mit.
Mr. BANKS. I will withdrajv the motion
to recommit, in order to allow my colleague
on the committee [Mr. Raykoxd] to offer the
amendment he proposes.
Mr. RAYMOND. I now move the amend-
ment I have indicated.
Mr. BANKS. I now renew the motion to
recommit, and will yield to the gentleman
from Indiana, [ Mr. Orth.]
Mr. SCHENCK. Before the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Oktii] proceeds, I rise to a ques-
tion of order. As I understand the amend-
ment of the gentleman from New "York. [Mr.
Raymond,] it would require, if adopted, the
assent of the President to the appointment of
a joint committee of the Senate and House of
Representatives.
Tho SPEAKER. What is the point of order
which the gentleman makes?
Mr. SCHENCK. My point of order is, that
it is not competent to put into the shape of a
law requiring the signature of the President
the appointment of a joint committee of the
two Houses.
The SPEAKER. Resolutions^ appointing
joint committees are not necessarily required
to be sent to the President for his signature.
Rut if Congress should consider the subject
important enough they could send a resolution
of that kind to the President. It may be an
argument against the adoption of a joint reso-
lution that it requires the President to approve
the appointment of a joint committee of Con-
gress; but it isnotapointof order, ihe Con-
stitution reads as follows:
"Every order, resolution, or vote to which tho cow-
