1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3235
and for the very polite intimation, not only from
that Senat or .but from the Senator from Cali-
fornia, that I know nothing about this bill or
abont the subject that I am discussing. Now,
I will simply say that about the last thing I did
in the State of Oregon before I left there to
come to this body, was to try a mining suit
involving many hundred thousand dollars, in
which there was a great number of witnesses,
and in which all the questions, geological and
otherwise, growing out of veins and dips and
angles and variations were elaborately dis-
cussed, so that 1 am lint so entirely ignorant
upon this subject as the honorable Senators
assume.
The Senator from Nevada professes to be
astonished because I am opposed to this bill.
I venture to say that nine tenths of the men
who are to-day engaged in mining are opposed !
to this bill or any other bill of a like nature j
contemplating a sale of these mines. The i
gentleman says that it is not in my power to '
prevent agitation upon this subject; but his
own admission here to-day is that this bill in
itself is imperfect and additional legislation
will be required to make it perfect in its work-
lir. STEWART. 1 beg your pardon. I
stated that the bill did not compel a man to
lose his property or buy; it left it optional with
him. I guaranty that there is no miner who
■will not avail himself of it. It is not imperfect
in that. I said that if legislation should become
necessary to require them to buy—which I was
opposed to now—that ould come hereafter.
The bill is perfect in that particular, and any
man who is honest and will comply with the
conditions can get his title. It holds out easy
conditions so that this apparently interminable
strife may be ended. The bill leaves it optional
with the miners to buy. 11 is such a bill as they
want; I have talked with hundreds of them and
know it.
Mr. WILLIAMS. J submit that the mere
passage of this bill, which is as imperfect as it
is represented to be and must to a great extent
be inoperative, is not going to satisfy the peo-
ple upon this subject, and it will commit those
who represent the mining interests of the coun-
try in Congress to the sale of the mineral lands.
When Senators and Representatives are once
committed to the doctrine of selling these lands,
then I insist there is no place where they can
stop: but those persons who expect that the
Government will derive an immense revenue
from the sale of these lands will continue Ihe
agitation, will enter the door which this bill
proposes to open, and will produce or cause
legislation that will be destructive to the min-
ing interests of the country. I say, sir, upon
this subject it will not do to despise the day of
small things; and I regret—I will not say that
I am astonished, but 1 regret—that Senators
and Representatives who are here to represent
the mining interests of the country should open
this door and should invito those who arc in i
favor of taxing these miners and loading them
down with every sort of legislation to enter in
for that purpose.
Mr. President, 1 made an inquiry as to the
effect of this bill. Senators have made an-
swers to that inquiry as they saw proper. I
think I understand the law as it now stands,
and I desire to have the law remain unchanged,
because I am satisfied that it operates to the
advantage of the miners. They are content
with its operations, and I do not wish that any
bill should bo brought forward here and passed
that will interfere with the operation of that
law. I shall not undertake upon that point to
explain this bill; but I will let the bill stand
witli the explanations given by the Senators
who advocate its passage.
It may be, sir, that my objections to this bill
are "frivolous;'' but that is a matter of opin-
ion. I have stated my objections to the Sen-
ate, and I have submitted the reasons upon
which those objections are founded, and if
they are frivolous, as the Senator asserts, then
of course they will be decided to be frivolous
by the Senate and by those who examine them;
but I am satisfied that I represent my constit-
uents upon this question in opposing the pas-
sage of this bill or any other of a similar na-
ture, and I know I act in accordance with the
dictates of my own judgment, and I must beg
pardon if I follow my own judgment and not
the suggestions of the honorable Senator from
Nevada.
It is said here that the object of this bill is
to give the miners a title, a permanent, abso-
lute title to their property. I ask Senators to
look at the terms of this bill and see what sort
of title the miners obtain under its provisions.
It provides that the miner "may enter the land
adjoining, which land adjoining shall be sold
subject to this condition, and upon the fur-
ther indefeasible condition, both to be fully
expressed in the patent, that the owners and
occupants of the mine so appropriated and
held shall pay into the Treasury of the United
States, in each and every year, &c., three per
cent." I believe that objection is obviated by
the consent of the honorable Senators. Not-
withstanding this bill, as they say, has been so
carefully considered, it appears that upon the
suggestion of the honorable Senator from Ohio
this important feature has been stricken out of
the bill. This was one ground upon which I
objected to this portion of the bill, that it did
not give the miner a title, but simply gave him
a conditional right to the land. If he per-
formed certain conditions then he was to have
the land; if he did not perform those condi-
tions then his right to the land was to cease ;
and if Senators consent to have that stricken
out, of course, so far as my objection goes to
that portion of the bill, it is entirely obviated.
Under the terms and provisions of this bill,
as it seems to me, a person may take a claim
according to the local usages and customs of a
mining district, and he may file his plat and
obtain a patent; the title becomes perfect in
him, and then he may cease operations upon
the claim and he may hold it for an indefi-
nite length of time. He may procced in the
same manner on another claim, and so in this
way claims may be acquired by individuals,
not for the purpose of mining, but for the pur-
pose of holding until they shall be increased in
value by the operations of miners in the imme-
diate neighborhood and vicinity ; and in this
way this property may accumulate in the hands
of individuals or iu the hands of companies,
the business may come to be a monopoly ill the
hands of corporations or of capitalists, while
under the present system, as a general rule, a
man must remain in possession of his mine,
he must work it, ho must hold it, he must
make it productive; otherwise he forfeits his
right to the claim.
I have not made this motion, and sustained
it by these remarks, with any view of opposing
this bill upon any grounds not substantial in
themselves, but becausc I think that this part
of the bill which provides for the sale of the
mineral lands is exceedingly defective. While
I admit that it is the most unobjectionable bill
of the kind that I have seen, and perhaps is as
perfect as any such bill can be made, yet it is
in the nature of things imperfect, and it is not
because the honorable Senators who have
framed it are not wise, but it is because in the
nature of things you cannot pass a general act
of Congress that will be adapted to the varied
circumstances and conditions and interests of
the different mining localities upon the Pacific
coast; but if you have a rule that applies to
one it may operate with injury and injustice iu
another. I came here instructed, I took pains
to ascertain from men who were engaged in
the business of mining as to what they wished
on this subject and as to what was best for the
country, and I satisfied myself that it*would be
unwise for the Government to undertake any
system of sales of the mineral lands of the Uni-
ted States. I have read this bill carefully; I
have read the report that has been made ac-
companying the bill; I have heard the speeches
made in its favor, and I am satisfied to-aay that
■whenever this Government enters upon a gen-
eral system of selling the mineral lands, that
day those who see its operations will regret the
legislation. If you begin now, next year there
will be applications for amendments, altera-
tions, and changes, and so from year to year
the legislation of Congress will be modified and
changed, confusion introduced, and things that
are now settled in these mining countries, and
are understood by miners who are practical
men, will be unsettled and disturbed, and the
whole interests of the mining region and the
country will be embarrassed and injured.
Mr. CONNESS. The question immediately
before the body, I believe, is the motion of the
honorable Senator from Indiana, [Mr. Hen-
dricks.] I hope that we shall proceed with the
amendments and act upon them, and I regret
that the honorable Senator from Oregon [Mr.
Williams] did not allow us to do that before
he made his speech on the general merits of
the measure. I wish to say to the honorable
Senator that jn this measure I aim but at the
best results, and nothing would have given me
more satisfaction than to have the benefit of
his wisdom in connection with it, and notwith-
standing all the care and attention with whieh
he appears to have read it, it does not seem to
have been with a disposition to amend it, for
he has presented no amendment and no propo-
sition to perfect it, but has rather evinced a
disposition to find fault with it. Now, I sub-
mit that we cannot build up anything by sim-
ply finding fault. I submit also in this con-
nection that the bill in no respect whatever
attempts to change anything that now exists
in any section of the mining country. It sim-
ply adds the fee-simple to the title according
to the present system established by the people
themselves.
1 will not extend remarks on the subject.
Before a final vote is taken perhaps I shall
have something to say in answer to some of the
statements of the honorable Senator. I am
perfectly willing that this amendment shall be
made; I think it is an improvement to the bill.
The Senator from Oregon has given as an
evidence that it is not a perfect bill the fact
that wo express a willingness to accept an
amendment. Why should we not? We do not
mean to say that we know all about this sub-
ject. We have tried to come to the wisest con-
clusion with the knowledge that we have ; I
wish we could have had what the Senator from
Oregon knows also, which I am not at all willing
to restrict, or say anything about. It will be
seen by the honorable Senator from Oregon
that the tax we agreed to was to be in lieu
of the present tax, and, as was very correctly
stated by the honorable Senator from Indiana,
the existing tax is greater than the one we pro-
posed. He understands it to a dot. Never-
theless, as the present tax is borne, and it may
he corrected hereafter, we agree to the amend-
ment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to strike out in the second section of
the amendment of the committee the following
words:
And upon the further indefeasible condition that
the owners and occupants of the mine so appropri-
ated and held shall payintothe Tieabury of the uni-
ted States in each and every year throo per cent of
the net product of said mine, vein, or lode, which
shall be in lieu of tho stamp tax now levied upon
bullion extracted from tho public domain.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to make aa in-
quiry of the Chair. The Senator from Oregon
proposes to strike out several of the sections
of this bill. Suppose the proposition of the
Senator does not prevail, will it then be iu
order to move to strike out one of the sections
whieh he proposes to strike out?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Oregon.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not understand that
the Senator from Oregon has made any motion.
Mr, WILLIAMS. Certainly. I made a
