1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBK
United States in the southern States will pro-
gress rapidly.
Miscegenation would be encouraged by large
numbers of the two races inhabiting the same
country, and every law and regulation in favor
of the white being broken down; by the white
race becoming poor and broken in spirit, and
cut off from position and office and political
power; and the negro race being elevated as
the other is depressed, and becoming the ruling
power of the country. The white man is to be
driven from his lands, and they are to be given
to the negro and the negro's guardian angel,
the Yankee. The white man finds the malaria
of the country fatal—to the negro it_ is innox-
ious. The one can labor in the lields if he will;
the other it would speedily transfer to the grave.
But wherever money is to be made there is the
omnipresent Yankee. Ho steps in and forms
associations with the negro ; he engrosses the
cotton and rice and sugar lands ; and by the
agency ofthe Freedmen's Bureau, and often with
its officers as his secret partners, seduces the
negro laborers from the employment of the res-
ident land-holders, if any of that class should
be left, and himself monopolizes the entire labor
of tho country.
Thus the white resident is excluded from all
part or lot in the cultivation and production,
and eventually tho ownership, ofthe lands; and
all their avails, that can pass through the hands
ofthe Yankee proprietor, go to the negro la-
borer. Poverty, destitution, and squalid want
await the white residents and their families;
and tho men who devised this cruel and revolt-
ing system knew full well what cogent, motive
to miscegenation such a deplorable condition of
the white race would offer to it. These august
architects are gloating over the succcss of their
crude and hastily tried scheme, and the misery
it has even now brought on the southern peo-
ple ; and they are in haste to perfect it by sup-
plementary and new measures-, of legislation.
The whole scheme was concocted after long
reflection, by able men, for mischief and op-
pression, and it was devised with diabolical
forecast. The original proposition to amend
the Constitution by abolishing slavery through-
out tho United States, was the first section;
the combining the sccond section with it; the
organization of the oppressive and infamous
Freedmen's Bureau, with the object to degrade
the white man and elevate the negro ; tho
pending bill "to enlarge its power ;" the bill
"to protect all persons in the United States in
their civil rights, and furnish tho means of their
vindication;" the pending measure, and the
numerous bills to extend the right of suffj age,
not to all the free negroes of the United States,
but to those recently liberated in the late slave
States, are all harmonious parts of a huge sys-
tem of tyranny and iniquity, built up not only
without any rightful power, but in all their
essential features against the plainest and most
vital constitutional restrictions of power. What
condition and destiny that series of measures
is intended to bring, and will bring, on the
southern States, is illustrated by Mexico at
this time.
The area of that country is about 891,000
square miles, and its total population 8,000,230,
there being about eight persons to the square
mile, a very sparse population for a country
that has been settled so long, and has so much
natural wealth. We are informed that of her
people 1,000,000 are of the European race,
4,000,000 of Indians, 3,304,23(5 are mestizoes, or
the mixed races, and only (3,000 negroes. The
lower races have always the stronger desire to
mix with the higher ones, and the negro being the
lowest, has thatproneness in the greatest degree,
which explains why there is so small a number
of negroes in Mexico. If there be any enno-
bling or regenerating power in miscegenation,
the land of Cortcz and Marina has had its full
benefit.
At the time of the conquest of Mexico and
Peru, the conquerors and th eir countrymcn were
the first people of Europe, and they maintained
that proud ascendency for some generations.
In their colonies so long as the European race
preserved its distinctness in the main, and did
not extensively enervate itself by miscegenation
and forming domestic alliances with the other*
races, it asserted its mastery and ruled their
colonial affairs with resistles's courage and vigor.
The domination of these colonists ofthe Spanish
race continued throughout the struggles of the
colonies for independence and their first years
of separate nationality, and was lost only when
the gangrene of miscegenation had wasted the
energies, and had sapped the hardy and warlike
qualities of that portion 'of the people, then
degeneracy, feebleness, and incompetency to
rule came over them.
This decay of national virtue and prowess
was most striking in the Spanish-American
countries where there was the greatest admix-
ture of the raccs ; hence Mexico was conspicu-
ous in that respect. In this unhappy country
it has i^roceeded to such an extent as for some
years to have threatened the overthrow of her
social system. Industry, businsss, prosperity,
law, order, and security seem long since to have
fled from Mexico. Iier people are powerless
to conserve or to reconstruct anything; and
their only manifestation of energy or effort is
the rapid rise and fall of military factions,
brigandism and general devastation, and the
throes of a universally threatened anarchy. The
example of Mexico is bei'orcus and in our neigh-
borhood, and tho cause of her debasement and
misery is patent, known to everybody ; and it
is that the southern States may be brought to
the same condition that reckless and wicked
men are making such efforts to introduce it
there. A frantic desire to punish the southern
people, a demoniac and insane thirst for venge-
ance upon them, mixed up with an ignoble
lust for power and ofliee, for profit and money,
are driving on those men and their frantic fol-
lowers ; and if they can accomplish their ends
what care they for the unutterable woes that
may be devolved upon their victims ? The pur-
pose is to bring the South to such a condition
of weakness and abasement that it shall have
neither the spirit nor resources to throw off the
galling yoke ofthe North; that it shall become
a permanent colony, and be made to pay tribute
under measures and laws passed by the North
to build up its own sectional interests; that it
shall become so much Mexicanized as to be in-
capable of self-government, and its government
by the North become a necessity.
Mr. President, there is a most novel, alarm-
ing, and indeed revolutionary aspect in public
affairs at this time. The majority will not permit
el,", eu States to be represented in either House
of Congress, although seven of them have voted
and been counted in favor of the amendment of
the Constitution abolishing slavery throughout
the United States. There is not, and has not
been for months, any rebellion, or insurrection,
or resistance, or a single armed soldier or cit-
izen in those States, or any one of them, against
the United States, their laws or authority. On
the contrary, those States are in fall, formal,
and^eal submission and obedience as the other
States. A bold and desperate faction know that
their mischievous and unconstitutional meas-
ures cannot obtain the requisite majority ofthe
two Houses if the Union is unsevered and the
Government in full and constitutional opera-
tion, by all (he States being represented in both
Houses. But this revolutionary movement is
intended to operate not only upon Congress,
but also upon the President; it is designed to
emasculate his veto power, to prevent him hav-
ing both or either House of Congress to sustain
it if he should veto any of their unconstitutional
and destructive measures.
Mr. President, this abolition radical party
boasts that it is the party of development and
progress. How much longer will it develop,
and how much further will it progress, before
the country will be aroused by the thunders of
military prommciamicnios reverberating from
ocean to ocean? We seem to be in the rapids,
rushing on to tho fatal cataract. Is there no
power to save us ? It seems to me as if our eoun-
trvhiii] incurred the especial displeasure of tho.
great J ehovah, by His allowing tho madness of
the people to bring On this great' oivil war. : He
has inflicted upon the nation one of his heaviest
chastisements. The war has- ceased, but the
frenzied, wicked, and demoniac passions of .the
people still rage, and the men who' profess to
be His ministers of "peacg on earth and good
will among men," are the most active to ebh;
tinue and further inflame them.' When tMs
demomsm is given up we may .hope the venge-
ance of God to be satisfied. • r; - :
Mr. President, our Constitution and ■the lib-;
erties of the, people have "not rfithstdc& this
great civic war: that Constitution has been dis-
rupted and its disjointed fragments Mattered
everywhere, and the liberties of the people torn
into shreds by its terrific storms. The effective
remedy is for the sovereign people of the Uni-
ted States to go into a national convention to
replace the great foundation stones of their
Government, and rebuild upon them the struc-
ture in its original proportions and harmony,
making a few necessary and vital modifications
in conformity to the teachings of experience.
Among such modifications one would be, to
organize New England into not more than two
States. New York, by the census of 1860, has
3,883,735. people, and all New England but
3,135,283. The excess of the population of
New York over all New England is only a
small fraction less than the aggregate popu-
lation of Rhode Island, Vermont, and New
Hampshire. It will not be many years before
eight or ten States will each have more-popu-
lation than the whole of New England. It is a
wrong and dangerous adjustment of power for
New York to have two Senators, and those six
States to have twelve, and for fourteen presi-
dential electors to be apportioned on the same
principle, between Now York and New Eng-
land. Massachusetts has most generally formed
the political principles and directed the polit-
ical course of the other New England States.
She lias been, in truth, imperium in imperio,
and has often most mischievously wielded their
aggregated power. The principle of proportion
between the population of tho States and their
weight in the Government, justice to the great
States, and harmony among them all, require
that Now England should be made to surrender
her great disproportion of power in the Senate
and the presidential college.
Mr. President, throughout his whole history
the negro has been found in but two conditions:
living separately to himself as an ignorant sav-
age, or with some other race of people as a slave
or dependent. Freedom, with ignorance and
barbarism, or slavery with civilization, is iljis
destiny.
I move to recommit this bill to the Committee
on the District of Columbia, with instructions
to report allowing to tho white citizens a form
of government similar to our territorial govern-
ments.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the present and
all prior orders be postponed, and that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the Freed-
men's Bureau bill.
The motion was agreed to.
frisedmen's bureau.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
CO) to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and tho Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 10, 1800.
The House met at twelve o! clock m. Prayer
by Rev. E. House.
"The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
message rnom tjie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. J. W.
Fokxey, its Secretary, informed the House that
tho Senate had passed, without amendment,
House resolution No. 18, granting certain pub
