1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
'2275
he was, but I would not affirm that to be a fact
without reference to the Journal: but whether
that bo so or not, that was the legislative con-
struction of Congress on this power ot the
President, and the law received the approval
of President Lincoln.
• But, sir, the amendment which I have pro-
posed does not involve that question. Accord-
ing to my understanding, the President has no
authority to fill a vacancy which exists in an
office, by himself, without the advice and con-
sent of the Senate, unless that vacancy occurs
■while the Senate is not in session; and one
objectof this amendment is to prevent appoint-
ments of that character. I deny that if a
vacancy exists in an office while the Senate is
here, the President has any power to fill up
that vacancy without the advice and consent
of the Senate. It takes the President and the
Senate both to make an officer; but he may
make a new appointment in case that officer
dies during the recess of the Senate, or resigns
his office, or in case the term for which he was
appointed expires during tbg recess of the
Senate so that a vacancy occurs, though T am
not quite sure that he would have authority to
appomtin the case of an expiration of the term,
because that may not be the happening of a
vacancy, inasmuch as the term expires at a
fixed period, there is no uncertainty about it,
and it is competent for the President to antici-
pate that period by sending the nomination of
an officer to the Senate while it is in session
for its confirmation. I am by no means clear
that he has authority to appoint in that case,
for then it becomes an appointment to an ori-
ginal office when the term has expired. How-
ever, it is provided in this amendment that in
either of these cases the President may make
an appointment or may fill up the vacancy,
and the party will receive his salary. He has
the constitutional authority to do this.
But, Mr. President, the control of the reve-
nues of the country and of the money of the
country is not in the hands of the President,
without the authority of Congress; he has no
control over one dollar; he cannot draw his
own salary except by authority of law; and the
Senator from Maryland will observe that this
provision does not go to the appointing power
at allj it is merely a provision in regard to the
salaries of officers or the compensation they
are to receive. It is entirely competent for
Congress to provide just as much compensa-
tion as it pleases, or no compensation. It may
authorize an appointment of an officer with-
out attaching any salary or any fees to the
discharge of the duties of the office. I think
there is a bill now pending, reported by the
Senator from Massachusetts, the chairman of
the Committee on Foreign Relations, that pro-
vides for the appointment of certain commis-
sioners without any salary whatever. It is
entirely competent for Congress to make such
provision. There is, therefore; no constitu-
tional question involved in this amendment
which I have offered.
We propose to provide that no man placed
in an office or undertaking to exercise or per-
form the duties of an office without the con-
sent of the Senate shall receive any compensa-
tion whatever, unless his appointment is to
fill up a vacancy which happens by death, res-
ignation, or expiration of the term of service.
Ihe intention of this amendment is to prevent
any person being turned out of office and an-
other put in his place during the recess of the
Senate so as to receive bis pay. If the Presi-
dent thinks proper to undertake to remove
officers, the successor will receive no pay, if
this provision becomes a law, until that suc-
cessor is confirmed by the Senate. That cer-
tainly involves no constitutional question, for
it is entirely competent for Congress to pay
what salaries it pleases to the officers of the
Government, or no salaries at all. The chief
object, however, of the amendment was to
check the practice of filling up offices in the
vacation of the Senate vvlion there was an op-
portunity to have filled them by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate when it was
in session.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I am aware
that the money of the Government is placed
under the control of Congress; and in one
sense, therefore, Congress has the right to
refuse to pay salaries. The.y may refuse to
pay the President his salary, now fixed bylaw.
They may refuse to appropriate at all for the
payment of the compensation which the laws
give, or which the laws ought to give, to the
officers who may be appointed from time to
time by the appointing power. But the hon-
orable member, I- am-sure, will see that the
ground upon which he places the constitution-
ality of this legislation, as far as that particu-
lar ground is eonccrned, is one which will not
bear examination. If the President lias the
power to appoint, and the appointee has the
right to go 'ito office under the Constitution,
although Congress may have the power to say
that they will not pay, have they the moral
right to say that they will not pay? And if
there is no moral right to deny payment in
such a case, are they not warring against the
spirit of the Constitution, though not against
its letter, by refusing to pay?
The Senate of the United States, or both
branches of Congress, may become so dissatis-
fied with the President of the United Statesas
to be exceedingly anxious to get rid of him.
His remaining in office may interfere with some
favorite policy of Congress ; Congress may
look to political measures upon which, as they
suppose, the welfare of the country depends,
and find that they cannot accomplish their
purpose in having such measures adopted as
long as the incumbent of the presidential office
is in his seat. There are two ways to get rid
of him. One is to impeach him. That re-
quires, to be successful, a vote in the body of
two thirds. Anotheris to starve him out, and
that may be accomplished by refusing to pay
his salary ; and the honorable member's argu-
ment would be just as solid in a case of that
description in support of legislation such as I
have supposed, as it is in relation to the case
before the Senate, provided the President has
the authority lo remove and to appoint.
Mr. President, in all good temper, I caution
my friends, or rather the member who offers
this amendment, against what maybe the con-
sequences of this precedent, in the future. It
may answer the temporary purpose for which
he avows it now to be designed ; but it may be
relied upon hereafter to answer a temporary
purpose which the honorable member from
.Illinois would be the last man to wish to sec
accomplished. The precedent may return to
plague the inventor. The dominant party now
in each House of Congress may, in the courso
of time, become a minority. They may have
elccted their President, and he may be an offi-
cer who is willing to carry out their particular
policy. These seats, however, and the seats
in the other House may be filled by a majority
of members who think that the policy which
the minority and the President for the time
being may desire to carry out, is dangerous to
the country, and then they mav propose just
what the hono"able member proposes now, not
to take away the power of appointment, as he
says, but to reluse to appropriate; not to de-
clare that he shall not appoint, but to declare
that if he docs appoint his appointment will be
futile; and they may go further and say fol-
lowing the principle for which this maybe cited
as a precedent, that the President, for the time
being stands in the way of the true interest and
honor of the country, or stands in the way of
some party aspiration : but as he cannot be got-
ten rid of by impeachment they strike at his
appointing power, and if they cannot get rid
of him by taking from him, practically, the
benefit of his appointing power, they accom-
plish the same thing by providing that no money
shall go out of the Treasury lo compensate his
appointees.
1 have now the book before me, and if the
Senate will indulge me for a few momenta I
shall be able to find the letter to which I ad-
verted when I first rose, from Mr. Madison,
upon this subject, written when his intellect
was as bright as it ever was, written at a. period
when (if there is any war between Congress
and the existing President) there was a war
even more bitter than may be supposed to be
existing now, between the then Congress and
tile then President of the United States.
Mr. CLARK. Is there a war now ?
Mr. JOHNSON. I say supposing there may
be. I only put it as a supposition. I am sure
there is no war now, because the amendment
proposed by the honorable member from Illi-
nois shows that there is entire confidence in
the President; no doubt about that. [Laugh-
ter.] Of course 1 have no right, cxcept by
way of supposition, to conjecture that there is
a war.
Mr. SUMNER. A mere hypothesis.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is a mere hypothesis.
I am sure there is no member of the Senate
less likely to occasion a war with the President
than the honorable member from Illinois; but
this has a little squinting that way; and, unfor-
tunately, perhaps, ho does not soe it. [Laugh-
ter. ] If the Senate will indulge mo until I find
the letter fo which F have adverted, I will read
it as hearing more persuasively upon the ques-
tion which I think is involved than I am sure
would be die effect of anything I could say.
While my friend behind mc,"[ Mr. Henderson,]
to whom I have turned over the book, is search-
ing for flic letter, let mo say a word on the
question what will be done'by the proposed
amendment.
The honorable member from Illinois tells
tha Senate that it raises no such constitutional
question as 1 have suggested. If it does not,
there is certainly no necessity for the amend-
ment. If what it proposes to accomplish is
that which the law now accomplishes, there is
no occasion for the amendment. If it leaves
the appointing power precisely as free as it is
now, there is no occasion for the amendment.
But as the amendment is offered upon the
hypothesis that the law as it now stands will
not accomplish what the amendment proposes
to accomplish, the question is whether it does
not seek to accomplish something which inter-
feres with the appointing power of the Presi-
dent. Now, does it not?" Sincc it was settled
in 1780 nobody has ever seriously questioned
that the President has the right to remove.
Mr. Webster and Mr. Clay during the exciting
periods to which I have advened, while Pres-
ident Jackson was at the head of tlic Adminis-
tration. suggested that there was a serious doubt
whethei the original dcciiion was a corrcctone;
but as well as I remember, both of them, and
particularly Mr. Webster, admitted that it was
too late to question the constitutionality of
that decision.
What. Congress did in the act to which my
friend from Illinois adverts was done under
the clause of the Constitution which gives the
authority to provide for the mode in which
officers whose appointments are not provided
for in the Constitution may be appointed.
That is all; but this goes a stone's throw be-
yond that. I understand the honorable mem-
ber from Illinois now as avowing that his pur-
pose is to deny to the President the power to
appoint during the recess of the Senate, but
that he does not mean to deny his power to
Remove. What is the benefit of the power to
remove unless there exists in connection with
it the power tj appoint? What is the effect
of the renio\al? Is it to get rid of the incum-
bent? The grant upon which the power was
originally claimed, and was established, was
important to the interests of the Government
that there should be a right to remove. To
give the President the power to remove, and to
deny him the power to appoint, is to leave the
\ (-rn rn en tun represent ed in its several admin-
istrative departments, to leave offices unfilled.
Is the Senate prepared to do that? W hat i< ihe
President to do ? 1 have no more knowledge
of the purpose of the President than any mem-
