1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
cupidity which slew the hen that laid golden I
eggs. !
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxk-
mxu] presented to this House au estimate, ap-
proximately and practically correct, of the
results of the various constitutional changes as
to representation in case of their adoption.
From that estimate I find the following facts
in case the voter baais were adopted:
Pi Vo'r:r
basis, bams.
Maine  5 6
New llmnpshire  3 3
Vermont  3 3
Mii^aehusetN 10 12
Rhode Island  2 2
Connecticut  4 4
27 ^
Michigan  6 7
Illinois 14 15
Indiana 11 11
Jowa  0 5
Missouri  9 9
Wisconsin  6 7
62 54
Pennsylvania  24 2t
New Y oik 31 35
California    3 (J
68 65
Thus it will be seen that the six New Eng-
land States gain three members, and the six
western States named gain two, while New
York gains four and California three.
Thus the amendment harmonizes with nat-
ural laws, and distributes political power in a
just ratio to the natural centers of business
and production, and makes the voter in any
one State the, peer in power with a voter in any
other State.
And it may be well to observe that, as these
estimates are based on the number of male res-
idents in each State, and as the amendment,
bases representation on male citizen voters, it
is probable New York and California will not
gain, by at least one or two each, so many as
the estimate shows, because in these two Stales
the alien residents are in greater ratio to their
population than will be found in other States.
This amendment leaves, as now, to each State
the uutrunimelod power to regulate the right of
voting in its own borders. A State may, as
some'now do, allow alien residents to vote, but
they cannot be eoanted in the representative
census, for it is not correct in principle or con-
sistent ith national security and dignity that
aliens shall be represented and have a power
in our Congress.
The naturalization laws are liberal, requiring
only a short residence sufficient to enable the
foreigner to become acquainted with our insti-
tutions. identified with our interests, and in
sympathy with our success ; and he who pre-
fers to be an alien ought not to enjoy political
advantage* equally with a citizen.
This amendment, too, allows the States, in
their discretion, to grant suffrage from time to
time to sueli citizens as have become qualified
to exercise the right, and so iast as the privi-
lege is accorded the State pro tanto gains in its
representation. It, also discourages the enaet-
mcntof laws in the South or elsewhere requiring
a long residence of persons coming from other
States a? a prerequisite to voting. Sound in
principle, it ha«a happy adaptation to settle the
differences, quiet the passions, and dispel the
prejudices now standing in our way.
As to the other proposition which passed
this House for basing representation upon pop-
ulation. exclusive of any races the members of
winch might be excluded from voting, let me
say that, putting aside the question of its jus-
tice, there w' never any possibility that^ it.
could be embodied in the Constitution by the
approval of the loqnisite number of States or
could even pa.5s this Congress. If the mem-
ber of this 11 ottse did not know this, they ought
t > have knov. n it. 1 knew, as many others did.
that we were only wasting our Urn o in the ds.-.-
cttision and passage of such a proposition. 11
the theories broached in lavor oi inmioiuni,ft
and universal negro suffrage are even true,
what then? You have not the power to enact j
the theory into law, while the exigency of the
country is such that we should hasten to do the
best within the range of possibility without
delay.
Sir, I believe that the time will come when
negroes, becoming educated and acquiring prop-
erly, will be allowed to vote; but they must be
introduced to the full enjoyment of the rights
and powers of citizenship gradually. That pro-
posed constitutional amendment does not pro-
vide for any such gradual process. It declares
that unless they be at.oneeall admitted as voters
the State excluding a portion of (hem shall have
no representation for even those allowed to vote.
Mr. Speaker, I do not know that we shall be
again called upon to act on this question; but
I know that the proposition to base representa-
tion on voters is the only one that can bo secured.
I f we are not willing to accept thr.trule, we shall
obtain no change in the Constitution on this
subject. If a proposition of this sort cannot
be successful here at this session, I should like
anybody to tell me when we can get a change.
II must bo a very sanguine i imagination that can
see in the future any time when the Union party
will be stronger in this Congress than it is to-
day. That time is far off, because now that the
war is over there are numerous new questions
arising to distract our constituencies; questions
of trade, of finance, of tariff, &c.
That, amendment basing representation on
voter? is founded in justice, is based on eternal
principle, and it affords the solution for many
difficulties which have arisen under our present
representative system.
It has been urged that wo must control the
southern States as to their representation, be-
cause (hey are proposing, at least in Virginia,
to declare that a man coming from another
State must be a resident live years before he can
vote. If they can do that, and perhaps they
can, they can'niake a requirement, of twenty
years' residence to qualify as a voter a man go-
ing there from another State: and thus they
might continue the political power of the State
for" twenly years in the hands of the present
residents of the State. It is said that they are
rebels. Granting that, this is so, still they have
the power in their hands; and I do not think
it will be stricken from their grasp. The effect
of the voter ba°is will be that the representa-
tion of a State in Congress will be reduced in
proportion to the number of men that it ex-
cludes from the exercisc of the right of suffrage.
If' a hundred thousand loyal men froni the
northern States settle in the State of Virginia,
and she does not allow them to vote, she gains
no increased representation by the addition to
her population. If the basis of representation
were founded on voters, the States would be
induced to forego the passage of such laws as
those to which I have referred; while a con-
stitutional provision referring simply to the ex-
clusion from voting on account of raec or color
would have no such effect.
If we adopt the principle of basing ^represen-
tation on voters, it will, as I have said, permit,
and encourage the introduction of negro suf-
frage. Besides, by such a change in our Con-
stitution, we would, adopting the whole propo-
sition, establish the principle that direct taxes
shall be levied on property wherever it may be
located, according to its value.
That proposition was defeated, I believe,
because California would gain by it two or three
Representatives 
Mr. GiUXNELL. My friend from Nevada
will allow me to remind him that one of the
great objections that was urged against the prin-
ciple of representation basal on voters was thai,
it would offer a direct inducement to Maryland
and Missouri to accord the cxercis: of suffrage
to those who have been engaged in the rebellion,
ami who for that reason are now excluded from
voting in those States.
Mr.'ASHITRY, _of Nevada. Mr. Speaker,
the correctness of rules is determined some-
times by a reference to extreme cases, Mary-
j land and Missouri, and I believe Tennessee,
i (which it is proposed to bring in) are in the
same category hi that respect; t&ey "do not al-t
low those who have been-engaged intbei'ebel-'
lion to vote. Now, sir, the great mass ofiliqse
who were engaged in tlie rebellion have h~a4 a#
amnesty grunted them ; they are not to be ptin- ~
ished. _ I think that very few practically will'
be punished ; cei tainly the great mass of those j
who were engaged in the rebellion will not be.
This class of persons, are left witli all their-*
rights of property; and they constitute, if Hot;
in Marylandand Missouri, in some of the south-
ern States, perhaps nine tenths of the popular •
tion; and if wo arc to permit our system of '
popular government again in those StatesJ we I
must allow the.people resident thereto control
their own local State governments. We can-,
not rule those States as conquered provinces'
by military law for any considerable length of
time without violating the spirit of our Govern-
ment and endangering its continuance, for mil-
itary power soon forgets to loose its hold, and.
unbroken history tells how surety in the end
liberty always perishes under martial rule.
And, sir, if you wish to sustain the principles"
of your Government by punishing those men
who have been engaged in rebellion, the proper
method is to bring them before the courts to
answer in accordance with law1 for the crimes
which they may have committed. If they are'
not fit to bo citizens, if they are not fit to be
intrusted with power on account of crimes,
you ought to have brought them before the,
courts and sent them to prison or the gallows.
As long as you allow them to constitute four_
fifths of the community, as long as you tax"
thorn on account of their labor and wealth, as
long as you allow them to hold property and
occupy the country, excluding other people, I
tell you, as long as you care anything for the
genius of our institutions, you must allow them
to control their States, rebels thong); they were.
If that is not. to bo the rule, why did we grant
them an amnesty? Whether founded upon cor-
rect principle or not, it will practically work
out in that way; and f.lie only escape we have
from the results of giving them increased rep-
resentation on account of the abolition of sla-
very is to adopt this amendment for the voters'
basis. I think that answers the question put
to me as to allowing rebels to vote. Ve do not
allow, we simply cannot escape it,. - You can
110 more through" Congress pass a law regulating
suffrage in Tennessee or Arkansas than in New
York or California.
I think, sir, it is a strange era in the history"
of the American Government when, in Con-
gress, wo are to punish a portion of the people
by depriving them of their political rights. I
thought heretofore, when men had committed
crimes, they were to bo punished in the courts
of' law. If they presumed to make a rebellion,
we opposed force to force, and in that manner,
to some extent, they have been punished. Why,
sir, all Ihe institutions of the South were based
upon slavery. It was 1he substratum of the
aristocratic system which raised armies against
the Government, and they have been punished
jiv having that swept away. Indeed those men
who had "political power and were the rulers in
the South are no more potent than I or any,
other humble individual in this country to-day,
except so far as their individual weight ana
merit aids them. They have been punished in
that respect. They have lost large numbers of
their population. They have lost the prestige
which made them leading men, and they are
not to regain it e.xccpt through petty divisions
among ourselves we throw it into their hands.
I do not believe we ought to vituperate against
each other. I do not believe wo ought to take
it for granted so soon, until it is loyced upon
us inov itablv, that men who have been with
the Union party, and have,made sacrmces tor
the Government, who came from the southern
States and were as loyal and as brave in defense
of this Union as men from any other_section,
are traitors to the Union cause or akiliuto v, ith
rebels because their plan of reconstruction is
not ours. I, for one, do not believe we have at
this day the right to assume that the man who,
of all others, w:as loyal in Tennessee, and finally
