4196
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
currenee oftho Sonata apd House of Representatives
may be necessary (except on a question of adjourn-
ment)shall be presented ij the President of the Uni-
ted States; and before the sameshall take effect sball
be approved by him," &c.
This clause has been construed so as not to
require the signature of the President for sim-
ple concurrent resolutions of the two Houses.
But if Congress should see fit they could send
a resolution appointing a joint committee to the
President for his signature.
Mr. ORTH. I will not detain the House
long.^because I am admonished by the closing
hours of the session that debate cannot be in-
dulged in to any great extent. 1 presume, also,
that this House is prepared to vote upon the
principles contained in the bill now under con-
sideration. •
Mr. Speaker, I trust this House will not sanc-
tion the appointment of a joint committee, as
proposed by the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Raymond.] This neutrality act has been
upon our statute-book for nearly fifty years.
And for tins long time this great and power-
ful Republic Imsoceupiet a position before the
world of"placing upon her citizens restraints
and curbs that no other nation on earth places
upon its citizens or subjects. [ think it is high
time that our neutrality act should be so amended
as to conform to the liberal spirit of the age.
And if we pass this bill to-day I believe our
action will be in full accord with the opinion
and the outspoken sentiment of our constitu-
ents; a sentiment which demands that our coun-
try shall take her position as an equal with the
most powerful nation on earth, and proudly
maintain such posi tion, if need be, by the strong
arm of the Kcpublic.
Whence the necessity of referring this sub-
ject to a joint committee of the two Houses
lb;' deliberation? Wny give to this statute,
old, hoary-headed with error, which should
never have been upon our statute-books at all,
a degree of consideration which is denied to
the most important of our other laws? Is
there any sanctity about this neutrality law 1
except that which may have accrued to it from
age? The only effect of such reference will
be to^ retard legislation on this subject, and
keep in force for a longer pcripd a policy far
from complimentary to our manhood as a
nation. Let us show that as a nation we will
no longer impose shackles and restraints upon
our people which other nations less free and
loss liberal do not impose upon theirs. Let
us especially show to Great Britain—and I
presume no one will claim that we are under
any obligations to her for her conduct toward
us during the Inst five years—let us show
Great Britain that if we apply to her the same
test of neutrality that she has applied to us,
she, at least, has no cause for complaint; that
in adopting this law we but follow the prece-
dent that she has set us, when we refuse to
hold our people to a stricter neutrality than
she enforces upon her people.
But I did not rise for the pufpose of enter-
ing into a discussion of the merits of this bill.
I rose simply to oppose the reference of this
subject to a joint committee of the two Houses,
for no good can result from such reference.
If our neutrality law is wrong and requires
amendment, let us amend it now, and not wait
action which is uncalled for, and which is
hardly without a precedent in the history of
congressional legislation. Let us not sanction
the idea that vp cannot touch a faw, amend it,
or repeal it, without first, referring it to a joint
committee of the two Houses. The bill is right,
and should speedily become a law.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the
gentleman from JSfew Hampshire, [Mr. Pat-
terson.]
_ Mr. PATTERSON, Mr. Speaker, I do not
rise to oppose this bill, nor indeed to discuss it;
for I concur heartily in the general scope of the
able report of the chairman of the committee
on this subject. But, sir, I desire to state my
reasons for signing the minority report. -
The bill has never been read before our
committee. I never heard of the bill until
yesterday morning at a meeting of the eom-
mittee of about fifteen minutes'duration. Now,
sir, the purpose and effect of the bill are to
modify, if not entirely change, the policy of
this Government, adopted under the auspices
and direction of Washington and adhered to'
from that time to this—a policy under which
our commerce has enlarged and prospered, and
our rights and liberties been fully maintained.
This bill is t.o affect all our interests as a com-
mercial people; it is to affect our relations
with foreign Governments now and hereafter.
It proposes an essential and important change
in the legislation of this country; and it ap-
pears to me to .resent questions of such grav-
ity and magnituue as to demand more deliber-
ate consideration than we can possibly give it
in the few remaining hours of this session.
Certainly a bill involving questions of such
serious import should be maturely and thor-
oughly considered by the committee reporting
it; and it appears to me to be a measure of
such a nature that it should emanate from the
best legal ability of this country, acting upon
the most thorough and deliberate considera-
tion.
Now, sir, the chairman of the committee
may have considered this question thoroughly,
and of course is justified under such circum-
stances in reporting the bill. But as regards
myself, I have not considered it. At a time
like this, when the principal nations of Europe
are engaged in a war which may ultimately in-
volve the whole of Europe, and when our own
relations toward France and England are such
as to demand our serious attention, we should
not, it seems to me, by a measure of this kind,
hastily considered and hurriedly passed, take
a step which may effect our interests in such a
way as to cause us grave regret hereafter. We
should remember that we are even now asking
of England reparation for iniuries which we
have suffered at her hands duri'-g the late war,
f.'om an administration of affairs which she
claims is in entire accordanci with her neu-
trality laws. Should we now .nodify our own
neutrality laws so as to cprrespond with the
law of England, wo may thereby place our-
selves at a disadvantage in our controversy
with that nation. In my opinion, we ought,
standing upon our present legislation, to make
our demand and insist upon it. ft is for these
reasons, and for these reasons only, that I ob-
ject to the consideration of this bill now. At
a proper time, and after due consideration, I
might be inclined to support it. I am opposed
to hasty legislation on questions of such reach
and magnitude.
Mr. 1! A N KS. T now yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Coxklisg. ]
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I concur
with those who have expressed a wish that we
had time to consider this bill with greater de-
liberation ; yet I am in favor of final action
within the time that remains. My colleague,
[Mr. Raymond,] who says everything well,
remarked that our neutrality laws have long
commanded the respect of other nations. He
might have gone further and told us that our
acts of neutrality, as well as our laws of neu-
trality, have long commanded, not only the
respect, but the approbation of foreign nations.
Sir, there was a time when we might be the
objects of this respect, the recipients of this
approbation, if not with satisfaction, at least
with indifference. That was the time when we
were in the midst of undisturbed prosperity.
It was when we were every now and then en-
gaged, because bound in honor and in law to
do so, in discharging our obligations of neu-
trality as inscribed upon our statute-book, giv-
ing to them a broad and generous interpreta-
tion. This was when with unflinching hand
we chastised all interference in the struggles of
other nations, now in the interest of England,
now of France, and then of Spain against the
Spanish American Republics.
But, Mr. Speaker, there came another time.
There came a dark and portentious hour—an
hour when we were no longer prosperous, but
when we were in time of trouble—in the throes
of distressing revolution. Then we were, as
we had a right to suppose, to receive a just
return for the hard faith we had so sacredly
kept. Did we receive a just return ? Did we
receive any return which a proud and powerful
people can brook? Did we receive any re-
turn which leaves us self-respect, not to speak
of satisfaction, when we remember that we
have enacted international comity into laws,
that we have bound ourselves more and more
by enactments in the interest of foreign Powers,
that we have disciplined and hampered our
people as other nations have not hampered or
disciplined theirs, and that at last we have been
despitefuily used and put off with excuses when
our calamities seemed to have left us without
power to exact our rights ?
If we once derived pleasure from our pains-
taking foreign policy on the subject of neutral-
ity, or if we ouce viewed it with indifference,
that time is gone, and the feeling of the nation
is changed. American citizens, of all nation-
alities, feel that if we have been parties to a
golden rule we have received no exemplification
of its spirit from our haughty neighbors, and
now fair play and equal rights is to be the rule.
Look at the last four years. , Begin with the
Trent affair. Remember our harmless mer-
chantmen burned at midnight in mid-ocean.
Consider the Canadian raid upon Vermont and
its issue. Ileeall the building of rams and the
fitting out of pirates ; and then the laggard and
shambling efforts to arrest them. Do not for-
get the recent incursion upon Canada nor the
rigorous fidelity with which the Government
punished that incursion. Bear in mind the
approbation with which that rigor was received
in England, the gracious praise of the "Thun-
derer" of Fleet street; and from which shall
we derive consolation? I remember all these
things, and in the light of all I am unwilling to
vote to postpone this bill, and I am in favor of
such a change in our neutrality laws as will give
to other nations neither more nor less than we
ourselves receive. The particular bill before
us was so recently reported that I have been
unable to examine it except as I followed the
reading from the desk. If it had not been re-
ported from a committee in whose learning and
ability I have so much confidence, I might feel
more solicitude than I do as to its provisions
in detail, and a greater reluctance to vote with
so little deliberation.
I am willing to accept the assurance of its
author, the gentleman from Massachusetts,
[Mr. Basics,] that it so readjusts the standard
of neutral obligation as to make it conform to
that which the leading Governments of Europe
have established. I receive it as a measure of
equality between America and the other nations
of the earth.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts whether the law now reported
is not substantially the original neutrality law
of the United States, the first one ever adopted
by any nation ?
Mr. BANKS. The bill reported, I will say,
in answer to the inquiry of the gentleman from
Itliode Island, is identical with that adopted
during Washington's administration, and from
which we have since departed.
Mr. J ENCKES. I ask whether that portion
of the neutrality laws complained of recently
was not adopted at the request of the Portu-
gese and Spanish Governments.
Mr. BANKS. Such is the impression made
by the history of the times.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask further, whether in
the Russell and Adams correspondence the
whole history of these neutrality laws has not
been exposed.
Mr. BANKS. I believe it has.
Mr. PAINE. The tenth section of the bill
proposes to permit citizens of the United States
to sell vessels and steamers to foreign Govern-
ments. The chairman of the committee has in-
formed the House that the reason for this pro-
vision was that an impression had prevailed
that such sales were prohibited and punisha-
ble. Accordingly, it is here provided 4"that
nothing in this act shall be so construed as to
prohibit citizens of the United States from
