1316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10,
established a civil government there before the
rebellion was entirely closed, if? now false to his
country. I will not join with those who believe
we ought to drive liim from our ranks by abuse,
assuming beforehand he is a traitor. I say, no
matter what men may do in this District, and
in this atmospherej it will be hard to make
the voters of the country believe that Andrew
Johnson, whom they elected Vice President a
little more than a year ago, is a traitor. No,
it cannot be.
Traitor for what? Because he is not will-
ing that nogro suffrage shall bo forced upon
the country? I never hoard ho favored that
measure, and certainly during the election the
adherents of Lincoln and Johnson on the Pa-
cific coast, disclaimed holding such a doctrine.
I do not believe negroes should have equal
political power with other men given them now,
because they are not, yet fitted to vote. I can-
not think that where'they are in a numerical
majority they ought to have the control of
States; and you cannot make the people be-
lieve men arc traitors for that opinion. Is cgroes
did not establish this Government and they did
not maintain it. They gave us aid during the
rebellion, and for that we gave them freedom ;
and for that I am in favor of their education
and improvement to qualify them for the ex-
ercise. of political rights. But I would not insist
on their having those powers now.
If we can get. an amendment of the Constitu-
tion of the character 1 have discussed, let it be
adopted, for we can get nothing else. If that
cannot pass we might as well slop.
We ought to have an amendment to the Con-
stitution that no State shall pay any debt con-
tracted for the rebellion. With two or three
thousand millions of debt, I toll you the south-
ern States will have an important influence
hereafter in urging the payment, of that debt.
Therelbre we. uuglit to have that constitutional
amendment.
Then we should have another constitutional
amendment, prohibiting the Slates from levying
taxes to pay pensions to the men engaged in
the rebellion against the (lovenmient. of the
United States; beeause men who have devoted
their property and their time to the defense of
this (iovermnent. who may happen to go into
the southern States hereafter, should never be
subjected lo the least exaction to pay any of
the obligat ions contracted by those who engaged
in the rebellion.
Then there should bo an amendment of the
Constitution prohibiting payment for the value
of slaves that, have been emancipated.
And then, if you am lo have any change of
representation, let it be based upon the num-
ber of voters.
With these, amendments of your Constitution
what else do you want? Do you wish to have
it said that yon are going to exclude southern
JlepreM'iitatives from this door so long as jou
can niainlam your power in Congress simply
ou thegnmnd thai tin; southern States have re-
belled? 11'so, try it. Dut let me tell you there
will lie opposition enough to defeat that policy
before three years pass away.
Thus having stated what, i consider all the
essential provisions needed in (he way of con-
stitutional amendments, I insist we should leave
the people of the various Slates to govern them-
selves as heretofore. You cannot, force negro
suffrage upon the States either by statutory en-
actment or constitutional amendment, and I
do not b'dicvein enforcing political penalties
against those who took part in the rebellion
any further than the law holds them personally
responsible. The gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Sciiexck] littered the true doctrine in his re-
marks on this floor when the constitutional
amendment in regard to the basis of represen-
tation was before this House, when be deehued
that "nov,- is the golden oppoitunity for us lo
base representation upon the number of voters,
and it should not be lost."' There is a volume
of wisdom in the remark.
These ai'iendmeuts are to be adopted nut
as penalties,but as changes really desirable in
themselves, and as tho irreversible guarantees
for future security which the nation has a right
to demand as the fruit of its many sacrifices.
You have now the opportunity to ingraft a
principle in your Constitution as the basis of
representation which will not be regarded as a
penalty, for it affects all tho States alike, and
can be adopted because it is right, and not for
tho sake of punishment. Representatives ought
to come from the ruling people, from the men
who vote, and not from those wlio are excluded.
Thus let this amendment be urged upon the
South as the true principle of representative
government, while it leaves them full control
over the matter of suffrage in their own States.
The experience of the last sixty years has
demonstrated that a mistake was made at the
outset, to some extent, by the l'ramers of the
Constitution in basing representation upon a
class that were excluded from all participation
in Government, and adopted only as a com-
promise to secure the right to levy direct taxes
on slave property, which property now having
ceased to exist, leaves the injustice of the pro-
vision more marked than before. By this ex-
perience let us profit, and introduce a rule need-
ing no defense or explanation and euduring as
the temple of reason.
We must hasten in our policy of reconstruc-
tion, for there is a growing impatience to have
the country quieted. The late rebel States have
accepted the abolition of slavery. Now, sup-
pose complete restoration is proffered with these
other bases of organic law—equal power and
representation to every citizen voter through-
out the nation; no taxation to pay debts or
obligations incurred in warring against the
Union, and no gratuity or donation for services
against our country; no compensation for loss
or emancipation of slaves; loyal men lo be ac-
cepted as Senators and Representatives from
the now unrepresented States—ought not the
offer to bo accepted by those we have spared
from the swoid, and cannot we. the victors,
generously grant these terms? Yes; and the
loyal ma,sses who sustained your Government
through the Into trials will not falter in your sup-
port. Only present your plan of reconstruction,
rather than theories and modes of exclusion,
and the clouds that now darken our prospect
will give way from horizon lo zenith, leaving all
bright in a restored and strengthened country.
Mr. llOLMl'iS obtained the floor.
Mr, IHGJ5Y. With the consent of the gen-
tleman from New York, 1 will move to adjourn.
Mr. IIOIjMKS. 1 will consult the wishes of
members of the House whether 1 shall speak
now or at a future time. Either will suit my
convenience.
Mr. Ill J LBIJI!]). I would inquire whether
there will be an opportunity hereafter?
The SI'KAKEK. The Chair will state that
the accumulation of public business is such
that it, is doubtful whether more than another
Saturday can be devoted to general debate.
Mr. 11IGBY. Then I withdraw the motion
to adjourn.
Mr. HOLMES. Mr. Speaker, the policy to
be pursued by Congress with the S.tates and
people lately in rebellion is brought to oar
notice by the annual message of the President,
now under consideration, and it lias occupied
the attention and elicited discussion from some
ot'lhe best minds of flu1 ago, both in and (Hit
of Congress. I do not expect t hat 1 can at this
time t lirow any new light upon this subject, espe-
cially in the hour allot toil to each member in
this discussion, and which hardly givestimc to
state, much le^-s to examine at any length, the
different propositions that have been advanced.
The eil'ect produced by civil war upon the
relations of these Slates and their people to the
General Government has been olien referred
to in this debate, and yet I ask the indulgence
of tho House while I read from a well-known
American author, Chancellor Kent, a concise
statement of the rights, duties, and disabilities
growing out of a state of war:
" It is ,i, h doctrine in the English courts
aii'l v ilh Enr-h.h jurists, tliat thr>ro cannot osiet at
the sainc^iieio a war tor arms amf a poneo for coil}-
liiuico. The war purs an cii'i sit once to ail dealings*
and all communications wilh each other, and nlaeea
every individual of the respective Governments, as
well as the Governments ther&selves, in astate-of hos-
tility. This is equally the doctiineof all the authori-
tative writers on the law of nations and of tho mari-
time ordinances of all the great Powers of Europe.
the Supreme Court of the United States during the
last war; and it is difficult to conceive of a point of
doctrino more deeply or extensively rooted in thegen-
eral maritime law of Europe, and in the universal
and immemorial usage of thewholecommunity ofthe
civilized world.
" It follows as a necessary consequence of the doc-
trine of thoillcgality of all intercourse or trafiic with-
out express permission, that all contracts with tho
enemy made during war are utterly void. The insur-
ance of 0110111108'property is an illegal contract, be-
cause it is a species of trade and intercourse with the
enemy. The drawing of a bill of exchange by an alien
enemy on a subject of tho adverse country is ail ille-
gal and void contract,because it if a communication
and contiact. The purchase of bills on the enemy's
country, or the ] omission and deposit of funds there,is
a dangerous and illegal act, because it may be cherish-
ing tho resources and relieving the wants of tho en-
emy. The iemission of fund^iu lmmry or bills tosub-
jeets ofthe enemy is unlawful. The inhibition reaches
to every communication, direct or circuitous."
•i. i. * * -S I 9< £ * *
"Every relaxation of the rule tends to corrupt tho
allegiance of the subject and prevents the war from
fulfilling its end. The only exception to this strict
and rigorous rule of international jurisprudence is
the ease of ransom-bills, and they are contracts of
security founded on a state of war and engendered by
its violence." * * '* * "All commercial
partnerships existing between tho subjects of the two
parties prior to the war are dissolved by the mere
force and act of the war itself."—1 Kent's Couk, 78-80;
VattcL 321; 16 John llcp., -138; Wihhnaa, vol. 2, p. 8;
2 Wa(lure, 258, 419.
"All tho property of the people of tho two countries,
on land or sea, is subject lo capture and confiscation
by the adverse party, a?enemy's property."—2 Black,
066, Opinion of Justice Crier.
Also, dissenting opinion of Justice Nelson,
in this ease, in which three other justices con-
curred, describing the effect of war substantially
a*4 above stated, and holding thai after the pas-
sage of the act of Congress of July 1^, 1801,
civil war, with all its rights and obligations, ex-
isted between the United States and the States
in rebellion. (See camion of Nelson at page
087.)
This is undoubtedly the strict, rigid rule of
international law. It is based upon.the theory
that the (rovemment represents every individual
iii the State, and that each individual is, in
judgment of law, a party to the acts of his own
Government, and responsible for them. It ig-
nores, in the lirst instance, the question whether
the individual citizen is, or is not, in feeling
and at heart, an enemy of the nation or State
with which his Government is at war; and
assumes that commercial intercourse is dan-
gerous and improper, in time of war, "v^th
parties occupying the position of public ene-
mies.
When these well-settled principles of law are
stated here or elsewhere, our political oppo-
nents, without solicitation, I trust, immediately
assume the gratuitous task of defending the
President and loyal men of the States lately in
rebellion from the consequences of these doc-
triucs, and from what they are pleased to call
the assaults upon them of Union members of
Congress, and like all new converts, especially
those who have sinned longest and strongest,
and who cannot trace their conversion to any
mnntal couviction of sin, they manifest an
extraordinary and very suspicious zeal in their
defense.
They tell us that these principles make the
President an alien enemy, a usurper of the of-
fice he now holds, and that they convert the
States lately in rebellion'into foreign nations.
AVo have seen strange things in our day, but
none more strange than this new-born friend-
ship for the President and loyal men ofthe
southern States. Had it manifested itself in
the early stages of the rebellion it would have
saved oceans of blood and millions of treasure.
Had it come even when, as Governor of Ten-
nessee, Andrew Johnson was endeavoring to
protect the loyal men of that State from the,
rebel hordes that infested it, and secure to them
the rights of electors under a free Government,
or even if it manifested itself now in favor of,
all loyal men of the South without 'distinction
of color, it might be less liable to .:usmck>ii.
