2-276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
ber of the Senate; it is not my good fortune
to see him except very seldom, and that upon
mere matters of business: but what is he to
do? If he be the man that his friends suppose
him to be, and that his whole life proves hkn
to be, he is a man of firmness—moral as well
as physical firmness. Suppose he is of opinion
that it is the purpose of Congress to war upon
him, by taking from him the power to remove,
not by taking it from him directly, but by de-
nying to those whom he shall appoint in place
of those that be removes, compensation, what
will he do? He will remove and not appoint.
Then, what are you to do? Impeach him? If
you do, what will be his defense? "My power
to remove has been settled from the organiza-
tion of the Government down to the time of
your attempted indirect interference with it.
You do notdeny my power to remove directly;
what you propose to do is, to deny payment to
any officer whom I may appoint. You claim
that right. So far as power is concerned, you
have the power, because no money can be
drawn from the Treasury without an appro-
priation, and you have the power to deny the
appropriation. What then? I remove not-
withstanding; I will not let a dishonest officer
bo in ; I will not let an incompetent officer be
in; I will not let a man who reviles me be in ;"
and no President from the beginning of the
Governmentto this time, ever has. "1 remove
such aman; Itryto fill his office, but I can get
nobody to take his place because you say you
will not pay whoever may take his place, and
what is the result? The wheels of Government
are stopped, and I make an issue with Con-
gress before the people. Whose fault is it? Is
it mine, or is it the fault of Congress?"
But, independent of all, Mr. President, I sub-
mit to tny friends who are in favor of this meas-
ure, if any are in favor of it, except the mover
of the amendment, what possible good is there
to be accomplished? I speak it in no party
spirit, for if 1 know myself 1 am not under the
influence of party spirit, and in the present con-
dition of the country I cannot be amide to feel
under the influence of party spirit, i ask, in the
present condition of the country, what good is
to be accomplished by carrying on an apparent
war with the President, doing what has never
been done in relation to any of his predeces-
sors? What is the condition of the country?
The war against rebellion over; the Union still
practically dissolved; and what are the signs
of the times ? The Secretary of State has told
us that he has instructed our minister atVienna
to ask for his passports if any Austrian troops
are sent to the aid of the tottering empire of
Maximilian. No doubt they will be sent. Then
I suppose the Austrian minister here will ask
for his passports. What are we to do?
Mr. CUES WELL, and others. Let him go.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly we cannot pre-
vent his going; but what may follow from his
going, if we attempt to carry out the threat
which is involved in the instructions to our
minister at Austria to leave that court, war—
war with Austria. "Where can we strike her?
We may strike the few soldiers she sends into
Mexico, but that will do her little if any harm;
but wherg can she not strike us? Fill the seas
with privateers, and for aught that we know
engage Napoleon as an ally.
1 mention such contingencies as this not for
the purpose of saying that if they occur they
are not to be met in a manly and a patriotic
spirit, hutfor the purpose of invoking my friend^
in this body to avoid, if it is possible to avoid,
any dissension among ourselves. 1 should fear
that while as I think no practical good of any
appreciable extent, except perhaps in a party
sense, will be accomplished by such an amend-
ment as my friend from Illinois proposes, infi-
nite mischief may be the consequence of our
holding in the presence of the world divided
councils. Eleven States of the Union are now
not represented, a.id as far as Congress and
the presidential election are concerned, not to
be represented until after the next presidential
election if the report made from the committee
of fifteen shall be adopted by Congress. Surely,
this is not a time to exhibit before the world
divided councils.
Our wishes ^individually are as nothing; our
party hopes, whatever they may be, in my esti-
mation, are as nothing; party ascendency by
either of the parties which are supposed now
to divide the country is as nothing compared
with the restoration of the Union, and standing,
not divided, but standing as one and a united
people all under the protection of the Consti-
tution that our fathers framed for us and
adopted for us, and entitled to all its rights.
I have now the letter to which I alluded some
time ago. It is a letter from Mr. Madison to
Edward Coles, who had been his former sec-
retary, dated October 15, 183-1. It is quite a
long letter; but there are only one or two por-
tions of it that bear on the particular question.
In a former letter he had told Mr. Coles that
in his opinion the Senate of the United States
were inculcating what he termed innovating
doctrines; and Coles asked him to specify what
he considered to be innovating; and in answer
to that request Mr. Madison says :
" Tou are at a loss for the innovating doctrines of
tho Senate to which I alluded. Permit mc to specify
the following:
"The claim, on constitutional ground, to a share in
the removal as well as appointment ot' officers is in
direct opposition to the uniform practice oi the Gov-
ernment from its commencement. It is clear that
the innovation would not only vary, essentially, the
existing balance ol'powcr, but expose the Executive,
occasionally, to a total inaction, and at all times to
delays fatal to thedue execution of the laws.
"Another innovation brought forwardiuthcSenate
claims for the Legislature a discretionary regulation
of the tenure of offices. This, also, would vary the
relation of the departments to each other, and leave
a wide field for legislative abuses. The power of
removal, like that ot appointment, ought to be fixed
by tho Constitution, and both, like the right of suf-
frage and appointment of .Representatives, to be not
dependent on tho legislative will. In republican
Governments the organization of the executivo de-
partment will always be found the most difficult and
delicate, particularly in regaid to the appointment,
and, most of all, to the removal of officers. 3t may
woll desorve consideration how far the present mod-
ilication of these powers can be eonutituUonullv im-
proved." * s ® ** «*.
"An other innovation of great practical importance
espoused by the Senato relates to the power of the
Executive to inakediploinaticand consular appoint-
ments in the recc-'s of the Senato. Hitherto it has
been thepracticotomukosuch appointments to places
calling tor them, whether the places had or had not
before received them. Under no Administration was
the distinction more disregarded than under that of
Alv. Jefferson, particularly jn consular appointments,
which rest on the same text of the Constitution with
that of public ministers. It is now assumed that tho
appointments can only be made for occurring vacan-
cies, that is, places which had been previously filled.
The error lies in confounding foreign missions under
tho law of nations with municipal officers under the
local law. If they were officers in the constitutional
sense, a legislative creation of them being expressly
required, they could not be created by the President
and Senate. If, indeed, it could be admitted that a,s
offices they would vpso facto be created by the ap-
pointment from the President and Senate, the office
would expire with the appointment, and tho next
appointment would create a new office, not fill a va-
cant one. By regarding those missions not as offices,
but as stations or agencies, always existing undcrthc
law of nations for Governments agreeing, the one to
send the other to receive the proper functionaries,
the case, though not perhaps altogether frc from
difficulty, is belter provided for than by any other
construction. The doctrine of the Senate would be as
injurious in practice as it is unfounded in authority."
The first extract which I read is that which
bears more immediately; and I will read it
again. Tho italics are m the work, no doubt
by Mr. Madison himself.
"The claim, on constitutional ground, to a share
in the removal as well as appointment of officers is
in direct opposition to the uniform practice of the
Government from its commencement. It is clear
that the innovation"—
The innovation being a claim of participa-
tion in the power of removal—
"would not only vary essentially tho existing balance
of the power but expose the Executive, occasionally,
to a total inaction, and at ail times to delays fatal to
the due execution of tho laws."
And the more mature reflection of the great
and patriotic men who adorned this body at
that time led them to abandon the contest.
Now we are about to renew it. My friend
from Illinois says that that is not the purpose
of the amendment, and yet he cannot help say-
ing that his very object is to deprive the Pres-
ident of the power to remove, not directly,
but by taking from the appointees whom he
may appoint the compensation which the law
would otherwise give.
Now, I submit in all frankness, and, to re-
peat, without the slightest wish to effect any
party purpose, without the most remote idea
that my judgment upon this question is influ-
enced at all by any party consideration, that
it is ail-important to the peace, quiet, prosper-
ity, and honor of the country that we should
get along with the President, however he may
be, without trenching at all upon the powers
which from time to time have been held from
the beginning of the Government to belong to
that department.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I should
like to simplify the question before the Senate,
which, it seems to me, the learned Senator
from Maryland has done more to perplex than
to explain. I say that, of course, with great
respect to the learned Senator. It is said that
the fox, when pursued, cunningly contrives to
throw his pursuers off the scent, and it did
seem to me as I was listening to the Senator,
that he was imitating that sagacious animal.
He was trying to throwthe Senate off the scent,
and now, sir, my simple purpose will be to
bring the Senate back upon the scent.
The Senator very ingeniously reminded you
of our relations particularly with Austria, and
he opened before us prospects which under his
powerful description wore calculated certainly
to awaken the attention and tho interest of the
Senate. I share, sir, the solicitude of that
Senator with reference to the question to which
he has referred, but 1 beg to remind the Sen-
ate that it surely can have nothing to do with
this question. Whatever may be our relations
with Austria, or with any European Power, I
know not how those can affect our decision on
the simple question now before us.
Then, again, sir, there is another question
of great importance, which the Senator has
introduced, and which is, to a certain extent,
I admit, germane to this question. I mean
that question so much discussed in the early
history of our country, and which has never
been entirely out of mind, to what extent the
Senate may share with the Presidentthe power
of removal. The Senator opens that question
on this occasion, as if that was in issue in the
amendment proposed. Permit me to remind
the Senate that however associated it may be
historically, perhaps, with the amendment now
before the Senate, in point of fact it has noth-
ing to do with it. You may have one opinion
or another opinion on the question which the
Senator has raised, and it will not affect your
conclusion on the proposition upon which you
are to vote. Whether Senators agree with the
learned Senator from Maryland, that the Sen-
ate cannot share with the President the power
of removal, or whether they disagree with him,
what has that to do with the question that is
now before us?
Therefore, sir, let me say, the Senator did
not advance one jot in his argument when he
adduced the authority of Mr. Madison, for
Madison did not address himself to the ques-
tion on which you are to vote. He wrote on
entirely a different question, the power of
removal. When the power of removal is in
discussion, I, for one, shall be ready to enter
into that debate, and of course I shall give all
due weight to the authority of Mr. Madison,
and also the other names which are associated
with that question. I may remind the learned
Senator, though he is not ignorant of it, that
when that question was originally decided in
this Chamber, it^vas under the Administration
of George Washington, and by the casting vote
of the Vice President of that day, John Adams ;
and there is reason to believe that when the
Senate at that time abdicated its power to
interfere in removals, it was governed as much
'Jy j's great deference for George Washington
as it was by any constitutional opinion that it
had not the power.
However, I merely refer to these matters in
