I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
isif
tlian it is under the present circumstances. The
friendship that denounced Governor Johnson as
a tyrant and usurper, and labored for his polit-
ical overthrow, and now fawns around President
Johnson; that strikes hands with unrepent-
ant rebels and flatters loyal white men in the
rebel States, while it turns its back upon, and
shuts its ear against, the patient application for
a recognition of his rights by the loyal colored
man, is hardly worth possessing; and if ever the
time shall come when the President shall be
reduced to the necessity of relying upon such
friendship and support, he will be the most un-
fortunate and unfriended man that the sun ever
shone upon. May Heaven in its mercy save
him and the nation from such deep disgrace
and humiliation.
But let me examine this question for a few
minutes, and see what is the legitimate effect
and extent of this doctrine, and whether the
President and loyal people of the southern
States need or require the services or protec-
tion of the party that has so magnanimously
volunteered for their defense. The term pub-
lic enemy does not necessarily imply an alien
enemy. A public enemy may be either per-
manent or temporary; permanent when his
hostility is supposed to continue during the
war, and temporary when it is of shorter dura-
tion, and exists only in relation to the position
or business which the party may occupy or be
engaged in, and terminates when he ceases to
occupy a hostile position or to carry on a busi-
ness that is prohibited by the rules of war.
Permanent residents in, and persons owing
allegiance to, a State at war are regarded as
permanent enemies. At most, the hostile
character thus acquired continues only during
the war. It recedes before the permanent
occupation of the territory of either State by
the opposing army; and the parties that to-day
without their consent are converted into public
enemies, without any act sml crime on their part,
and because their Government or State is at
war, may to-morrow be as suddenly changed
into' friends by being brought within the lines
and under the jurisdiction of the opposing
army. The seizure, condemnation, aud con-
fiscation of enemy's property is confined, by
modern usage, almost exclusively to maritime
prizes, and such property on land as is partic-
ularly'useful to the enemy in the prosecution
of the war. The property on land of non-com-
batants is seldom taken or destroyed except in
case of necessity, and not for gain. Slavery
and cotton, the one the cause and the other
the main reliance of the enemy for means to
carry on the war against the Union, became the
legitimate objects ot destruction or capture. 1
am not speaking here oi those who in a civil
war are actually engaged in rebellion, but of
those who are denominated enemies by reason
of residence in or allegiance to the Stale in re-
bellion. As to the former, the right on She
part of the sovereign Government to except
any of them from amnesty and punish them
for participation in the rebellion, although bel-
ligerent rights may have been conceded 1hem,
is unquestioned. (2 Black. Gl>(> ■ \nttel, 42 b.)
As to the latter, the extent to which the dis-
abilities of public enemies shall be enforced
against them during the war rests with each
belligerent.
In the case of the Venice. 2 "Wallace^ 2-")8.
Chief Justice Clia^e. in delivering the opinion
of the court, at page 271, says:
" The Ptatoof Louisiana and 3In=i-PPi were wholl y
under rebel dominion and al 1 the peopl e of each Mut e
wore enemies of the United Stale.-,. The rule «mch
declares that war make,-, all the citi/.er.s 01 subject,
of one belligerent enemies of the fr.-jverainent and ot
all the citi'.eiK or sublets of the
to eivil -md to international w ai s. ImJk 1 belli-eioni
mav modify or limit it< operations as to persons «-
teriitory of the other, but in the absence of such mod-
ification or restriction, judicial tribunals cannot dis-
eliminate m its application.
Here we see that either belligerent may modi fy
or limit the operation of this rule as to t-ie prop-
ertv, persons, or territory of the othei. ■ «
has been the policy of Congress on this subject
during the var? I assert that ir.ua he com-
mencement of the war to the present um
has been the settled policy of Congress by le-
gislation, to draw a broad line of distinction
between loyal and disloyal people in the rebel
States ; that the former have been protected in
person and property in every way that it could
be done with safety to the public interests;
that as to them the term public enemy has been
substantially obliterated, and that it has been
entirely ignored so far as property on land is
concerned. Pardon me while I refer to some
of the legislation where this disposition or policy
is distinctly manifested.
The act of July 13, 1861, authorizes the
President, by proclamation, to declare what
States and parts of States are in insurrection,
and provides that thereupon all commercial
intercourse with such States and parts of States
shall cease. But it also provides that the Pres-
ident may license such trade as he shall think
best.
This provision was modified by section nine
of the act of July 2, 181)4, and limited to such
trade only as should be necessary to supply the
wants of " loyal persons" residing in the in-
surrectionary States. The object of this law
was to prohibit intercourse of a commercial
nature with the States in rebellion, and at the
same time to license or permit it so far as it
was necessary to supply the wants of loyal
citizens.
The aqt of August 0, 1861, confiscates certain
property used or permitted to be used in sup-
port of the rebellion, and liberates or frees all
slaves so used by consent of their owners.
The act of July 17, 1802, confiscates the
property of persons and classes therein men-
tioned, and who were engaged in the rebellion.
The act of March 1 2, IHii.% provides for the
collection and sale of captured or abandoned
properly in the States in insurrection, the pay-
ment of the proceeds into the Treasury, and
thai I he owner at anytime within two years
after the suppression of the rebellion may have
the proceeds thereof, upon proving that he has
never aided the rebellion. This act is extended
by section three of the act of July 2, 1804, so
as to include all property mentioned in the
acts of July 13, 1801, and of July 17, 1802,
commonly called the conliscation laws. And
by section seven of the act of July 2, 1804. it
is provided that no property seized or taken
upon the inland water s of the United States
by the naval forces thereof shall be regarded
as maritime prize, but shall be delivered over
to the proper officer and sold as provided by
the act of March 12, 1803, for the collection
and sale of captured or abandoned property.
Wc thus see, Mr. Speaker, by this reference
to some of the principal laws passed during the
progress of the war that Congress has recog-
nized in terms the loyal people in the insur-
rectionary Slates, permitted the legalizing of
trade to "supply their wants, ami provided for
the collection, preservation, and restoration to
them of all property which had been abandoned
by them or eaplured by the Army or Navy oi
the United Slates. What else, I ask, could be
done by Congress to preserve their property
or rights or satisfy them that they were not to
be regarded or treated as public enemies of the
Government?
For the purpose of showing that I am right
in thus regarding the effect ot the legislation I
have referred tori read from the head notes to
J[rs. Alexander's ease, 2 Wallace, 404:
"The piinciplo that personal dispositions of the
individual inhabitants of enemy's country a; di,~
' sd fiom those, ol the enemy's people,  quer-
nllv cannot in quc'-tions of capture be in,"mired into
anulics in eivil wars as in international. Uenee al
the people of any dinri"t Unit was in msurrectiei
8~pm>t the United Ptaies m the southern rebellion
are to be regarded as enemies, except in so tar as by
action of the Government itself that relation may
ha\ e been changed. T , ,
" Our (lovcrmneut. l>v its act oi Congress of March 1-,
180.1, to provide for the collection of abandoned prop-
erty does malic disl inction between those wnom
the rale oi in tei national law would class as etiemie.s ;
and. through forms which it prescribes,. protects ttio
rights of property of all persons in rebel re^ons who
during ilio rebellion have in laet maintained a loyf i
adhe-ion to the Government. The general policy oi
oiu* legislation dunntr the rebellion having been to
preserve for lojal owners obliged byeircnmstances to
remain in rebel States all property or its proccid*
which has come to the possession of the Government
or its oSUers." - "- ' • '
This case, it will he seen, after assertingthij
strict rule of law in relation to public enemies
and the power of the Government to modify
it, holds that the act of March 12,1863, has
had that effect, and that this has been the* Set-
tled policy of the Government from the cotft-
menceraent of the rebellion.- I am sotry to
take from our political opponents any of their
small stock in trade On this subject, hut I am
compelled to say that no loyal person, black
or white, in the States lately in insurrection, is
now to be regarded as a public enemy of the
United States, and that the President, under
the strictest construction of international law
has never been a public enemy. The rebel-
lion found him a Senator of the United States
from the State of Tennessee, true to his trust
when others failed, denouncing and opposing
secession and all its attendant crimcs. When
as military governor he returned to Tennessee,
and succeeded as few men could have done
at that time in upholding and sustaining there
the authority of the General Government, he
was as truly and effectually in the service of
the Government as though he had command
of its armies in the field. For this he was de-
nounced as a tyrant and usurper by those ■who
now claim to be his special friends and defend-
ers. The people whose Government he was
then sustaining elevated him in spite of their
opposition and detraction to (the position by
virtue of which upon the death of the President
he assumed the duties of the highest and most
responsible office in a republican government.
The people under our Government are the
court of last resort for the trial of all public
men and public measures. They have passed
upon his loyalty and fidelity during that fear-
ful struggle, and from that decision there is no
appeal. "Andas he values their continued sup-
port and approval as well as the verdict of im-
partial history he will shun, as he would shun
political death, an alliance with the men who
now seek to do by flattery and simulated sup-
port what they jailed to accomplish by de-
traction and unscrupulous opposition. _ lie has
successfully encountered their opposition. He
cannot outlive their support.
Much has been said in this discussion upon
the question whether the States lately in rebel-
lion arc States or 'Territories : whether they are
in the Union or out of the Union? Thore_ is
doubtless, to some extent, a difference of opin-
ion between members of the Union party upon
this subject. Much, however, of the apparent
conflict of opinion arises from the use of differ-
ent terms designed to express substantially the
same meaning. All agree that there has been
a time during the progress of the war when
these States were not entitled to representation
either in this or the other and higher branch
of Congress; when no loyal State government
was recognized in either of them by any depart-
ment oflhc General Government. By some
their condition at this time has been assumed
to be out of the Union, or that they had re-
lapsed into the condition of Territories. _ Oth-
ers claim that they were and still are in the
Union, but that their rights to a greater or less
extent have been forfeited by their participa-
tion in the rebellion ; and others still, that their
functions have only been suspended and their
vitality impaired. All these terms or expres-
sions are intended to assert the fact that these
l States have not been in harmony with the larftu-
' era! Government; and that they are not au-
thorized to resume their relations with that
Government aud exercise all the rights ol the
States that did not participate in the rebellion
until some power or authority outside oi these
States shall determine that their government,
institutions, and people are again in harmony
with the General Government, raid lh<it they
are entitled to share in its duties and responsi-
bilities and participate again m the privileges
it confers. The terms or language used to ex-
press this condition are of little consequence
so long as there is a general assent to the con-
clusions arrived at.
