2278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
and a person is appointed to fill that, vacancy;
the person-who holds that office is an officer
of the Government, entitled under the law to
his salary, just as much an officer of the Gov-
ernment as if he" had been confirmed by the
Senate in case the vacancy had occurred dar-
ing the session of the Senate. Suppose that
the officer thus legally appointed should die
before the Senate could act upon him. In that
case he would get no pay at all. Suppose there
should be a division in the Senate on the ques-
tion, and he should not be confirmed by the
mere neglect or nou-action of thS"Senate.' The
officer thus legally appointed would get no pay.
I see difficulties in the way. I should like
very much, indeed, if it is within our power—
I do not say it is not—to have some law passed
which may limit and restrain the power of re-
moval during the vacation of the Senate. In-
deed, I do not think the question of the power
of Congress to limit and control the authority
of the President to remove has ever been set-
tled. In my judgment, Congress may by law
limit the power of removal; and why? The
power of removal is hot conferred upon the
President by the Constitution of the United
States. The Constitution nowhere gives him
the power to remove any man from office. It
is a mere inferential power, derived from
the power of appointment. It was a power
denied in the early organization of the Gov-
ernment, and as a Senator has suggested, a
resolution affirming it was only carried by the
casting vote of John Adams. It was regarded
as a question of great doubt. The power of
removal is nowhere conferred by the Consti-
tution on the President of the United States
in express terms. His power of removal is
simply inferential from the power given him
by the Constitution to appoint embassadors,
ministers, and consuls, judges of the Supreme
Court, &c. What is there in the Constitution
to prevent Congress from regulating and con-
trolling to some extent the power of removal?
Nothing whatever. We have done it in repeated
cases. This very point was made at the time
we passed the first law organizing the national
banks. It was then discussed whether or not
Congress could limit orreslrain the power of
the President to remove a man from oflicc. The
first law that was passed expressly provided
that he should not remove the Comptroller of
the Currency except on such and such condi-
tions. Where do we gain that power? From
the Constitution, from the inherent right of
Congress to pass laws which arc binding on
the President. I therefore admit that Congress
may by law restrain and limit the power of the
President to remove.
But iu my judgment the particular proposi-
tion which denies to an officer legally appointed
during the recess his salary except upon a con-
dition that may or may not happen, is at least
a very harsh and violent measure, which I
would hesitate very much to resort to. There
is a remedy for the evil complained of, in my
judgment, and it is without a measure of this
kind. I d'slike very much to see these prop-
ositions attached to our appropriation bills.
They are in the nature of conditions to what
we ought freely 10 grant, appropriations to meet
the expenses of the Government. I do not
like to See them put on in that way; hut if the
Senator from Illinois or the Judiciary Commit-
tee will frame a bill which will limit and restrain
the power of the President to remove from
office, so that when a man is appointed for
four years he shall hold that office during iliat^f
lour vears, unless he is removed for cause, to be
submitted to the Senate, I will vote for such a
proposition, and I say there never was a time
when this great question could be more fairly
met than now. It is admitted on all hands that
at least a jealousy exists between the President
and Congress; I will not say war, because I do
not think th- re is a wefr, but there is a jealousy
and a watch.ulness probably on the part of the
President and on the part of Congress. What
is to prevent Congress now from passing such
a law as I have indicated ? The majority here
is overwhelming. We have no object to accom-
plish of a mere partisan purpose. The tpajor-
ity in Congress is perhaps two thirds in a party
sense. What is to prevent now the Judiciary
Committee from carefully framing a law pre-
scribing the term of office of the various classes
of officers of the Government and declaring
that the President shall not remove any one
of those officers except for such and such
causes ?
I venture to say, although the opinion of Mr.
Madison has been read to the effect that we
cannot control the power of removal, that no
great statesman has ever declared that where
a man is appointed to office for a period of
time fixed by law, and the power is not given
to the President to remove him from that office,
he can be removed without cause. That power
is not conferred by the Constitution, and it is
only derived inferentially—a power not to be
extended. It seems to me that this is the solu-
tion of this whole difficulty. I hesitate very
much to prescribe these tests in an appropria-
tion bill, and I warn Senators that we yield an
advantage, if I may so say, when we attach
these propositions to appropriation hills which
must pass in the ordinary course of business.
Whoever is President, we must have appro-
priations to carry on the Government. We
cannot justify any measure to restrain even a
real, much less a fancied danger, by attaching
these clogs and qualifications to appropriation
bills. Now is the time, while we have ample
power, even by a two-thirds vote in bothHouses
of Congress, to pass a just and wise law on this
subject. I clo not see any reason why the law
should not now be passed. If so, it would
properly come from the Judiciary Committee.
It could be there properly considered and
framed. _ The question ought not to be passed
on in this informal way as an amendment to
an appropriation bill.
These are my views, and I am bound to ex-
press them. I desire to accomplish to some
extent at least the purpose here indicated, and
jn'obably I should go as far as the Senator
i'rom Illinois desires to go in this amendment;
but I do not think it would be wise for us now
to pass a proposition which would declare that
an officer of the Government legally appointed
under existing laws in accordance with the
practice of the Government from the founda-
tion to this time, shall receive no pay unless
we should hereafter confirm that appointment.
It is a stretch of power and of law that I think
there is no example of in this Government.
The case cited by the honorable Senator from
Illinois is no parallel case, because that was a
case where the appointment was made in vio-
lation of the Constitution, where the vacancy
Occurred during the session of the Senate, and
the President undertook during the recess to
fill up that vacancy. There was a case where
he undertook to exercise a power and confer
an appointment which he could not do except
by the confirmation of the Senate, and the law
properly declared that no money should be
taken out of the Treasury for such a bad and
informal appointment. But this amendment
goes beyond that, and declares that a man shall
not receive pay for an office to which he has
been legally appointed.
The Senator from Illinois says it is no great
hardship, because if' a good man is appointed
during the vacation the Senate will confirm
him ; but! ask the Senator whether a man is
compelled to hold office in this country upon
those terms and conditions. The framers of
the Constitution contemplated a necessity im-
pending upon the President to appoint officers
during the recess of the Senate, and they pro-
vided for it. They are legal officers just as
much so as I am. For us at this stage of the
session to declare that those persons thus le-
gally appointed shall not receive their pay until
the Senate shall act at some future day, and
that in the mean time public officers shall trans-
act their business without pay for months, is
rather an extraordinary proceeding. Take the
case of a revenue officer collecting large sums
of money who has to appoint 'ati army of depu-
ties, and in many cases those officers have to
pay their deputies or employes out of their fees
or salaries. You require the officer to go oil
perhaps for nine months to discharge the duties
of the office, paying in the mean time all the
expenses of the office out of his own pocket,
upon the uncertain contingency of a future con-
firmation by the Senate, and then you provide
that in case the Senate does not see proper to
confirm the man, he shall not have anything
during all this period of time. That is the legal
effect of this amendment; and I hesitate, I con-
fess, to embark in that kind of conditions, but
I am perfectly willing to support the Senator
from Illinois in a proposition to limit by law
the power of the President over all the public
officers. The amendment proposed by-the Sen-
ator from Missouri did not go so far. It con-
tained two simple propositions affecting mainly
those that were appointed to fill vacancies oc-
curring during the session of the Senate. It
met my approval. The amendment of the
Senator from Missouri went no further than the
law of 1863, but this goes a great way beyond
that, and I confess I hesitate in taking the step.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is true that when
this bill was up for consideration a lew days
ago I offered two amendments, not going the
length of the proposed amendment now pend-
ing, but I am not disposed to think that this
amendment cannot constitutionally be adopted.
I think it can. I am not like the Senator from
Illinois, either, upon the subject of restraining
the power of the President to make these ap-
pointments. I freely confess that so far as I
am concerned that is my desire. When I first
offered amendments to this bill, I was gov-
erned by what had been the policy of the exec-
utive government heretofore, and the claim of
power on the part of the Executive t,o make
removals. 1 was willing to admit the exist-
ence of the power, simply because it had been
exercised heretofore. Since I offered those
amendments I have examined somewhat into
this subject, and I can state to the Senator
from Illinois that I have partially prepared a
bill covering this whole question, and I design
going on and completing a bill which will pro-
vide, as I think, for almost every conceivable
case. I have, since that time, also examined
somewhat into the history of this matter, and
I have come to the conclusion—and I hope
that it is a conclusion arrived at without any
bias or prejudice from existing circumstances
—that the President has no power constitu-
tionally to remove an officer at all.
I am aware that Mr. Madison expressed his
opinions repeatedly on the subject. I will
refer the Senator from Maryland, who has
given the opinions of Mr. Madison in a letter
written in 1834, to his opinions given in the
first debate on this subject in 1789. I honestly
believe that all the mistake that has originated
on this subject comes from the determination
of the lower branch, and the Senate also, at a
subsequent period in 1780 on this very subject.
The Senator, of course, is well aware" how the
question came to be decided in 1789, and I
really think it has been used as a precedent
from that day to this without any reason for it.
The truth of the matter is that it is not a pre-
"cedent for such removals as are daily made now
by the executive department of the Govern-
ment. You will remember that immediately
after the meeting of Congress a proposition
was made to establish the various Executive
Departments. Mr. Madison moved to amend
it. The motion of Mr. Madison was:
"That it is the opinion of this committee that there
shall be established on Lxeeutivc Department to be
denominated the Department of Foreign Affairs, at
the head of which there shall be an officer tobccalled
the secretary to the Department of Foreign Affairs,
who shall be a ppointed by the President by and with
the advice and consent of tho Senate, and to bo re-
movable by the President."
I he debate which has been cited as a pre-
cedent upon this subject originated upon that
proposition, of Mr. Madison. Mr. Smith, of
South Carolina, moved to strike out the words
"who shall be appointed by the President by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate."
lite ground of his motion was that the Presi-
