1318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 10',
President Lincoln, in the last speech he
made, used this language in reference to the
condition of these States :
"We all agree that the acceded States, so-called,
are out of their proper practical relations with the
Union, and that the solo object of the Government,
civil and military, in regard to these States is again
to got them into that proper practical relation. Lot
us all join m doing the acts necessary to restoring
the proper practical relations between these States
and the Union, and each forever after innoeontly
indulge his own opinion, whether induing these acts
he brought the State? from without into the Union,
or only gave them proper assistance, they never hav-
ing been out of it."
Every one should cheerfully assent to this
catholic recommendation of the late Presi-
dent.
For myself, Mr. Speaker, I do not believe
Jhat States easily die or cease to exist. They
may change their form of government, be sub-
merged by strife and civil war, their relations
with surrounding States changed, and yet their
identity preserved, and the Government of to-
day be liable for the debts and obligations cre-
ated by its predecessor. (Phillimore, vol. 1,
pp. 1-1T, 1-IH; Lawrence's Wheaton, 31), 40.)
in relation to the States lately in insurrection,
I do not believe that they have ever, during
the rebellion, been out. of the Union, that they
are dead in the Union, or that they have even
slumbered for a single moment from the com-
mencement of the war to the present, time.
Their Stale organizations have been constantly
wielded with terrible effect, against this Gov-
ernment during the entire war. As States,
tliey rebelled; us Stales, they did all in (heir
power to sustain a rival government and to
overthrow lliis ; as Slates, they were overcome ;
and. as Stales, they sull live, with all the pas-
sions that led (hem into the rebellion, mad-
dened and embittered by defeat, and using
their State organizations to drive out or destroy
every person who was loyal to the Union in
the hour of lis peril.
That they may do all this and still retain and
exercise all the righls oflho loyal Stales; that
I hey may send their representatives unbidden
and almost unchallenged again into the halls
of the national Legislature, to resume the
peats they poltuled and disgraced by treason,
with tlioright and pri\ilege of legislating again
for a Government, they failed lo destroy, is a
proposition too monstrous lo he stated or re-
ceived with approval in any loyal community;
and if adopted would be offering a premium
for treason, perjui y, and crime. Those only
who were engaged in I he rebellion, and those
who sympathized with il during its existence,
can Ijo guilty of promulgating such disloyal
sentimenlsand opinions. Certain it is, no one
connected with the late Administration, and I
trust for the honor of humanity (hat mi one
connected with I lie present Administration, has.
ever indulged such a thought. The eriniinal
earmot pronounce his own patdon and absolu-
tion. K must conic from a higher and purer
fountain. The Government that has been
sinned against, and whoso laws have been de-
fied and disregarded, is the oalv power that,
ean prescribe the terms upon whieli forfeited
rights can be restored or re mined.
The power of the General Government, as
the successful party in war, to dictate such
terms and enforce such conditions as shall be
just in relation to the reorganization of these
State governments, can be readily justified by
the law of nations.
I read from Vaitel. at page SfiS:
" The v.holi' ri'dit of lli<- eon^m-rer is derived from
,iu?titkibl<' M'h'-'lclrnsr'. He liuiy, m the tn-st place,
dp 111 ta^etl' justice ir--)"'' dm; the t wluf-h had
given use to the w:ir, and inil.-mniiv himself for the
expenses and (hnn.tues ho ha-i Mi~(amed by it: lie
may, aeeoidihs to the exigency n[ tho ease, subject
tho nation to pnni 'hmout by way <>t example; lie
may even, if prudence so icuttire, lender her incapa-
ble of duins mischief with the same case in tuture."
I commend this quotation to all who insist
that there is "nothing in the recognized or es-
tablished code of internatiomil law which can
punish a State as a State for any act it may
perform/' and to remind them thut it is not
uncommon to find a State shorn of its sover-
eignty orparc of Us possessions, its government
modified, and large sums of money exacted
from it by way of indemnity and punishment
for acts done as a State.
But I do not seek to justify the Government
by the law of nations in exacting from the rebel
States such guarantees as I may think neces-
sary before permitting them to resume their
full relations with the General Government,
and I disclaim any desire to see the doctrine of
the conqueror and the conquered as recognized
by those laws applied to them. But we may at
least look to those laws so see what the civil-
ized world regards as right and just in such
cases, while ample power is found, in my judg-
ment, in the Constitution of the United States
to enforce such of those principles as the safety
and perpetuity of the Government imperiously
demand.
By section four of article four it is made the
duty of the United States to guaranty to every
State a republican form of government. And
by section four of article one Congress has
power—
"To make all laws which shall bo necessary and
pioper luvcarrying into cxccution tho forcgoini?pow-
cvs, and all other powers vested by this Constitution
in the Government of the United States, or in any
department or officer theieof."
The governments in these States were en-
tirely subverted, &o far as fidelity to the Union,
the Constitution, and national (^overnmentwas
concerned. Not a vestige of loyalty^eould be
found in any otHeial position. To show how
pcufccfc and entire was the destruction of these
governments, I road from the proclamation of
the President, drawn up with great care and
issued bv him lor the purpose of securing a re-
organization of the government in each of these
States. These proclamations not only announce
the entire overthrow of all civil government
therein, but claim that the power to reconstruct
or reestablish them is contained in that por-
tion of the Constitution which enjoins upon the
United States the duty to guaranty to every
State a republican form of government:
" PltOCLAMATJ0>*.
" Whereas the fourth section of tho fourth article
of the Constitution of tho United tftatey declares that
the United States shall fmarnnty to every State in
t ho TJ u io u a republican form of government, and shall
protect each of them against invasion ami domestic
woleitee; audwheieas the Pi evident, of the United
U, hy the Conslitnlion. made Commander-in-
Chief of tho Army and Navy, as well as chief execu-
tive olhccr ot tho United States, and is bound by
tulcmn oath faithfully to execute the oflico of Presi-
dent of the United states, and to take carc that the
laws be faithfully executed ; and whereas tho rebel-
lion which luifv been wajced by a portion of tho people
ot 1 ho United Slates iu?iiin:-<t the properlvconstituted
authorities of tho (iovennnent thereof, in themo-4
violent and revolting form, but who^c organized and
i!rm< d lo roe-, have now been almost entirely overcome,
has in its revolutionary profjro^s deprived the people
of the Stale of  , ot all ciwl {government; and
whereas it becomes uec-ssaiy and propel toeairy out
and enforce iho obligations of tho United States to
tho people of , m securing them in the enjoy-
mcrd ot a republican form ot>,ovornment:
"  N o\y, t here fore, in obedience to tho hitfh and sol-
omn duties imposed upon me by the Constitution of
the United Statesand l'orthe purpose of cnablinsthc
loyal people of snid State to mganizo a State gov-
ernment whereby justice may be established, domes-
tic tranquillity insured, and loyal citizens prottetcd
in all their rights of lite, liberty, and property, L
Andrew Johnson, President of tho United States, and
Commander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy of the
United Slates, do hereby appoint provis-
ional Rovernoi of the State of , whose duty it
shall lie at tho earliest praotieahloponod to prescribe
such rules and regulations as may bo necessary nnd
proper for convening a convention composed of del-
egates to be chosen by that portion ot tho people of
said Slate who are loyal to the United State?, and no
others, lor the purpose of altering or amending the
conMilution tlx roof, ami with authority to cxcreisc
within tho limits ot said State all the powers neces-
sary and proper to enable such loyal people of the
Slate ol to restore said State to its constitutional
relations to the Federal Government., and to present
such aiepublican form of State government as will
entitle the State to the guarantee of the United States
thcrefoi, and its people to protection by the United
i States against invasion, insurrection, a.nd domestic
violence: Provided^ That in any election that may
be hereafter held for choosing delegates to any State
convention as aforesaid, no person shall be qualified
as an elector or shall bo eligible as a member of such
convention, unless heshall have previously taken and
sub&cubcd the oath of amnesty, as set torth in the
President's proclamation of Mav 29, 1865, and is a
voter qualified as prescribed by the constitution and
htws of tho State of in force immediately before
the — d.ty of 18GU tho date of the so-called ordi-
nance of secession. And the said convention when
couvcned, or tho Legislature that may bo thereafter
{tsscmbled, will proscribe the Qualifications of doct-
ors and the eligibility of persons to hold office under
the constitution and laws of the State, a power the
people of the several States composing the Federal
Union have rightfully exercised from the origin oi
the Government to the present time."
Under these proclamations the President and
the officers appointed by him hare gone forward
in the process of reconstructing the State gov-
ernments. Conventions have been called and
held; constitutions altered and amended; mem-
bers of the Legislatures and other State officers
elected; Representatives and Senators chosen
to represent the Slates in Congress; and during
the entire time the right to determine when the
officers thus elected should enter upon the du-
ties of their respective offices, to set aside elec-
tions, and also to set aside or disregard laws
passed by some of these Legislatures, has been
claimed and exercised by the President in the
most direct and pointed manner.
Although I see in the proceedings of the
President in the reorganization of these Stats
governments some of the dangers which the
gentleman from Pennsylvania who sits near
me [Mr. Williams] has so vividly described,
and though I may have desired that other quali-
fications for electors had been prescribed, I do
not on the whole regret the course taken by the
President, because it gave the people of those
States tho opportunity of showing to the world
what they would do if again trusted with unre-
stricted power.
In no other way could they have shown so
well their entire unfitness to be trusted at pres-
ent with the sacred responsibilities and duties
of a republican government. If trembling and
shrinking loyalty in the person of colored men
had been permitted tocomc to the polls, it might
have modified the exhibition of hatred for the
freedman, now so apparent arid intense. Then
we might have been deceived. Now there is
no excuse for shutting our eyes against the evi-
dence of disloyalty, so apparent that he that
runs may read. The President has labored
patriotically and earnestly, 1 doubt not. to bring
about a belter state of affairs, but his labors
have not been blessed in a very great degree.
The seed he has scattered has fallen upon stony
ground and has produced a very inconsiderable
crop, if loyalty is to ho tho standard by which it
is measured. In his annual message, at the
opening of tho present session of Congress, he
says:
" Tho States attempting to secede placed themselves
in a. situation where their vitality iin p;i.i i c>,i, but
not extinguished; thoir functions suspended,butnot
destroyed."
Who is to determine when those suspended
functions and this impaired vitality are re-
stored ? lias Congress nothing to do with it
except to pass, each House for itself, upon the
certificates of election of members claiming
scats in such House ? Tho decision of this ques-
tion rests, in my judgment, with the law-making
power, and requires the sanction and assent of
the entire law-making power of the Govern-
ment. In no other way can the rule be uni-
form. Separate and independent action might
leave one rule prevailing in this House, another
in the Senate, and still another with the ex-
ecutive department. These States are entitled
to full and absolute recognition by each of these
departments of the Government, or else they
are not entitled to recognition by either. Am-
ple power exists under the eighth section of
article one of the Constitution of the United
States, above referred to, to pass any law ne-
cessary to carry out and enforce the guarantee of
a republican government to each State, and to
recognize such government when established;
and this can only be done by legislation, and
not by either department of the Government
acting independently and alone.
When shall these States be admitted to rep-
resentation on this floor and to all other rights
of loyal States ? My simple answer is, when their
governments arexrepublican, their people loyal,
and they send loyal men to represent them.
There has been a time during this rebellion
when no one will claim that they were entitled
to representation here. They certainly were not
when fully represented by the action and con-
