: 254
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
-will nob act hurriedly upon it, and trust that the
gentleman will consent to have it printed and
the consideration of his proposed amendments
postponed to some future day.
' Mr- BOUT WELL. Mr. Speaker, I would
willingly accede to the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr: Washburne,] if it can
■ be carried out upon an understandings or an
order of the House, that this hill is to be con-
sidered'and disposed of at an early day. It is
now the middle of January. I understand that
these corporators have already several hundred
. persons with whom they are in correspondence,
. and who expect to go upon those lands in sea-
son for agricultural operations in the coming
■ spring; and hence, if this bill is to be of any
' value, it should be passed immediately. I think
the main question is one which this House can
readily understand, whether the bill should be
.passed at all.
Mr. SMITH. I concur entirely in the re-
marks just made bythe gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Botjtwell] who introduced this
matter this morning. I have been informed by
many of these gentlemen, whose names have
been read, that they have, as already remarked,
several hundred persons who have agreed to
emigrate to these States south for the purpose
- of putting in cropS this spring, that they may
produce cotton, sugar, and whatever else be-
longs to that section of country. And it is true
that unless these people can go there soon, very
Soon, it will be impossible for them to enter
upon their labors advantageously during the
present year. It is well known to every man
who understands the culture of cotton, or sugar,
or rice, that ho must begin his work, not as we
do in the western country, or further north—
as.late in the season as April or May, or even
June—but he must begin in January, and he
must work through January, February, and 011
till the next January. And there are thousands
and thousands of acres of land lying in that
country uncultivated, with no purpose on the
jsart of anybody to work the land at all. There-
fore if this company, having a good purpose to
accomplish, as i consider it—to send the work-
ing masses of the country who are unable to go
themselves—are willing to advance their money
and build up homesteads upon these large plan-
tations, it is well that, this House consider the
matter at an early day, and give these people
an opportunity to make a livelihood for them-
selves. J hope the suggestion of the gentleman
from Massachusetts [Mr. JioirrwuixJ will be
concurred in, that, if the bill must, go back to
the committee, or if Iho amendments must be
printed for the benefit of the House, the House
will iix a very early day when the bill shall bo
aetcd upon and passed.
Mr. COOK. I desire to state in a word the
reasons that induce me to dissent from the
opinion of the majority of'the committee in re-
lation to this bill. It'will he seen that the bill
provides for the incorporation of a company
with a capital of 000,000, and gives thorn
power to lease or purchase and hold lands, and
to sub-let, sell, and convey the same for use,
settlement, and cultivation, to lend monov 011
mortgage of lands or pledges of gi owing crops,
with a view to promote the reorganization of
labor, &c. it provides for the incorporation of
a stock company that shall open books of
subscription and shall have power to do the
things which are enumerated. It seems to me
that, this is a novelty in Federal legislation : that
while many States have been accustomed to in-
corporate companies within their borders whoso
business is exercised entirely outside of the bor-
ders of the States where the corporation is made,
such has not been the history of legislation in
Congress. Companies have not been incor-
porated by Congress which shall act, in the
.States exclusively. If this system of logisla-
tion is adopted, it seems to me to be a fair pre-
cedent for the incorporation by Congress of any
kind of companies, for manufacturing or bank-
ing, or an}" other purposes, and superseding by
the action of Congress the action of the State
Legislatures entirely upon the subject of incor-
porations. Tho powers conferred upon this
company are very great. There is no individ-
ual liability of the corporators. I was eon-
strained to believe that it was not proposed that
a corporation of this kind should be created by
Federal legislation to operate exclusively out-
side of the District of Columbia, and in States
where, if such incorporation is desirable, it
might be had by the agency of State legislation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I am one of the
minority of the Committee on the Judiciary who
were opposed to this bill. I hope it will receive
the consideration of the House before it shall
be passed. I do not propose to discuss it now,
for I have not sufficiently considered it to give it
that mature discussion which it deserves. I am
not persuaded, however, either of the expedi-
ency of the measure or of our constitutional
power to pass it.
Now, this bill proposes to incorporate a com-
pany either for charitable purposes or for pur-
poses of gain. If its object be charity, it seems
to me that the corporators named in this bill
can as well execute their charily without an in-
corporation as with it. The Sanitary Commis-
sion and the Christian Commission for the last
four years have performed great works of char-
ity without any act of incorporation. But this
is ndt a charitable.corporation. Its purposes
are set out in the second section of the bill, and
I ask the attention of the House particularly to
that section. It proposes to invest the corpo-
ration with power 11 to lease, or purchase, and
hold lands, and sub-let or sell, and convey the
same for use, settlement, and cultivationand
they may also "lend money on mortgage of
lands, or pledges of growing crops, with a view
to promote tho organization of labor on the basis
of freedom, and to promote the obtaining of
homesteads by the landless poor." In other
words, it is proposed to organize a company,
with a capital of $:j,000,0()0, which shall have
authority to buy up and lease immense tracts of
land and sub-let them for the purpose of specu-
lation.
Now, T am not, satisfied of the expediency
of this bill, and for that reason I am opposed
to it. But 1 am opposed to it also because I
am not clearly persuaded of our constitutional
p.owcr to pass it,. That Congress may create
corporations, having for their object to aid in
cairying out the purposes of the Government, 1
do not entertain any doubt; but 1 um not satisfied
that, we have power to enter in ;i general sys-
tem of incorporations having for their purpose,
not, to carry out any power of the Govern-
ment, but for the mere private purposes of the
corporators, purposes of speculation. If this
be so, if it be the purpose of Congress to em-
bark in a general system of corporations, with
power to effect, insurances all over the country;
with power to buy up lands and resell them all
over the country; with power, in short, to do
anything which men can do, then this bill may
receive the sanctum of Congress. But if Con-
gress shall be unwilling to embark in a general
system of incorporation for these purposes, then
this bill ought not, to pass.
1 desired merely to call attention to the bill,
and I hope that, it, will receive due considera-
tion before it shall pass.
Mr. SLOAN. 1 lise for the purpose of in-
quiring of the gentleman who repoi ted this bill j
in what provision of the Constitution lie finds
the power of Congress to organize corporations !
for this object? I cannot understand under j
what power of Congress we, can embark in legis- |
lalion of this character. It is entering into an j
entirely new field of legislation, and. in my judg- ;
mcnt, it ought to be well considered before ac- |
tion is taken upon it.
In addition to the objections pointed out by
the gentleman from Illinois, I desire to suggest
another. The State of New York has felt to a
great extent the evil of individuals holding large
and extensive tracts of land, and leasing them
out for long terms of years. Now, this evil will
be greatly aggravated and extended if you or-
ganize corporations, with the means of com-
manding very large capital, with the power of
purchasing any _ amount of real estate, any
amount of land in the seceded State, holding
it for any length of time, and sub-letting it with-
out restriction as to the number of years or the,
terms. In the State of Wisconsin we have pro-
vided by law, and I think by the constitution,
that leases shall not be entered into which shall
extend beyond the period of fifteen years.
Mr. BOUTWELL. _ One of the amendments
reported by the Judiciary Committee limits the
life of this corporation to five years. Every
lease taken or given by the corporation must
terminate within the period of five years. All
their sales of land must be made within the
period of five years.
Mr. SLOAN. I submit to the gentleman that
this is a question which should be more fully
considered, and that the bill and amendments
should be printed and laid before us before
action is asked upon it.
Mr. BOUTWELL. _ I would ask whether by
general consent this bill cannot be passed over
to-day, and printed, and come up to-morrow
in the morning hour.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour will
expire in about five, minutes. The Judiciary
Committee are entitlefl to another morning hour.
If this bill be ordered to be printed and recom-
mitted, and the Committee on the Judiciary
have any other business to occupy the remain-
der of the morning hour to-day, they will have
power to report it back to-morrow.
Mr. BOU T WELL. Can it not be ordered to
be printed without being recommitted ?
The SPEAKER. The bill must be pending
when the morning hour expires if it is to come
up again to-morrow. The morning hour will
expire in a few minutes. Has the committee
any business to occupy the remainder of the
morning hour?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Well, I will take this
opportunity to reply to the inquiry made by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Davis,] that
while 1 would be disposed to limit the profits
of this company if it, wore practicable, if any
suggestion could be made which was feasible
as to the use to which any surplus profits shall
be applied, it appeared, I think, to the com-
mittee that it would be difficult to devise any
practicable scheme by which these profits could
be limited or any surplus appropriated. If the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] can
suggest a plan that is at once just to the cor-
poiators and reasonable and proper in its other
piovisions, I am sure it will meet with no op-
position from the committee.
Iii regard to the suggestion made as to the au-
thority of Congresstopass this bill, 1 can onlysay
that we have precedents in the line of this bill in
insurance companies incorporated in this city
with power to do business throughout the coun-
t n\ I believe it was only during the last Con-
gress that we passed a bill creating a naviga-
tion company, called "the Potomac River
Navigation Company,'' and various other com-
panies, institutions, and corporations. These
precedents existing, and being known to the
committee, it is just to the committee to say
that they did not deem it necessary to inquire
into the question of the constitutional power of
Congress to create corporations of this sort.
ilr. INGEKSOLL. I would ask what is the
present condition of this bill, and whether it is
now open to amendment?
The S PE AKER. Amendments are proposed
by the Committee on the Judiciary. Amend-
ments to thuse amendments and amendments
to the original bill would be in order when the
gentleman obtains the floor to offer them.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I would ask tho
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boctwell]
to allow me to move an amendment to this bill.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I yield to the gentleman
for that purpose.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move to amend sec-
tion two of this bill by adding thereto the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That said corporation phnll provido for
all landless poor, without distinction of color, who
may apply, a homestead of not lest! than one hun-
dred and .sixty acres of land free of charge.
Mr. G-RINNELL. Put in " and provide
agricultural implements."
