1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8239
upon a division—ayes 40, noes 21; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Moekill
and Le Blokd were appointed.
Tlie House again divided ; and tlie tellers
reported—ayes fifty-five, noes not counted.
So tlie joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time.
The question was upon the passage of the
joint resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ANCONA. This joint resolution au-
thorizes the payment, of money, and therefore
makes an appropriation, and should go to the
Committee of the Whole.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is an
appropriation bill, and had the question of order
been raised in time the Chair would have ruled
that it should go to the Committee of the Whole.
But the point cannot be made upon the passage
of the joint resolution.
The previous question was seconded and tlie
main question ordered, which was upon the
passage of the joint resolution.
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 83, nays 21, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Tinker,
Banks. Baxter, Beaman, Benjamin, Biihvcll, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Bontwell, Bromwoll. Broomall, Cook,
Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Defrecs, Donnelly,
Driggs, Dumont, Eliot, Ferry, Gariield, Hale, Abner
C. llarding:, Have*. Henderson, Higby, Holmes
Hooper. Asahel \V. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
John IX. Hubbard. Hulburd, Julian, Kusson, Kel-
lcy, Kelso, Kerr, Kcteham, Lallin, Latham, George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Longyear, Marston, Marvin,
MeClurg, MeKee, MoJtuer, Miller, Morrill, Moul-
ton, Mvers, Newell, Urth, Paine, Perham, Bike,
Plants, I'omeroy, Pnee, William H. Randall, Alex-
ander II. Itiee, John II. lime, Rollins, Sawyer,
Sehenck, Spalding, Stevens, Upsnn, Van Aernalli,
Robert T. Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, William
]]. Washburn, Welker, W entwortli, Whalcy, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Woodbridge—83.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Boyer, Denison, Eldridge,
Firiek, Glossbrenner, Grider, Aaron Harding, Hum-
"ihrey, Le Blond, Niblack. Nicholson, Hitter, Rogers,
loss, Sitgreaves, Tabor, I'mncis Thomas, Thornton,
Trimble, and Trowbridge—21.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson. Delos It. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Bergen,
Blow, Brandegee, Buckland, Bundy, Clianler, Reader
Vf. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth. Colliding,
Culver, Darling, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodtre,Belt-
ley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farqnhar, Goodyear,
Grrinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hill, Ho;ran, 11 oteli-
kiss, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbcll, James XI.
Hubbell, Ingersoll. Jenekes, Johnson, Jones, ICuy-
kondall, William Lawrence, Lvneh, Marshall, Mc-
CuIIougli, Melndoe, Mereuv, Moorhcad, Moms,
Noeli, O'Neill, Patterson, Phelps,, Radfoid, Samuel
J. Randall, Raymond, Rousseau, X-'Ofield. Shanklin,
'Shcllabargcr, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Strousc,
Taylor, Thayer, John L. Thomas, BurtVan Horn,
Waul, Warner, Bliim B. ^WaMiburne, Williams,
James F.Wilson, Windom.Winfield, and Wnght—78.
So tlie joint, resolution was passed.
Mr. MORRILL moved to reconsidcr the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that tlie motion to reconsider lie
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
st. albans bank.
Mr. MORRILL. It is not often that Ver-
mont asks any special legislation from Con-
gress. But I have one more favor to ask of
the House in relation to a bank that was robbed
at the time of the raid from Canada. The bank
has not paid any tax since that time, and the
Government of the United States is making an
effort to recover the amount stolen from the
British Government. In the mean time I ask
the passage of a joint resolution to suspend the
collection of taxes from that bank until further
orders.
Mr. STEVENS. I wish to ask my friend
from Vermont whether there has not been be-
fore his committee for two years a resolution
proposing the non-collection of tax upon prop-
erty in Chambersburg which was burned down,
and the refunding of tax which' had been paid
after the property was burned, and whether the
committee has acted on that resolution.
Mr. MORRILL. That subject is in the hands
it
of a sub-committee, of which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Coxklixg] is chairman.
That sub-committee has as yet made no report.
Mr. STEVENS. I am afraid it is a sub-soil
committee. [Laughter.]
Mr. DAVIS. If I am correctly informed, a
part of the money of which this bank was
robbed was recovered.
Mr. MORRTLL. Some of the robbers were
captured and a portion of the money was re-
stored by the Canadian authorities. The bank
lost 873,525. The Canadian authorities re-
stored $30,955 80, leaving a loss to the bank
of $42,560 20.
Mr. DAVIS. "Was there only one bank
robbed?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I wish to ask the gentleman
from Vermont whether this is the bank that
was released by tlie Vermont Legislature from
the payment of its debts.
Mr. MORRILL. This bank has not refused
to meet a single dollar of its obligations. Its
bills are as good as those of any other bank in
the United States.
Mr. HALE. I desire to know whether this is
the bank, which, by an act of the Vermont Le-
gislature, was permitted to %vind up its affairs
and cscape the redemption of all bills which
were not presented within sis months after
the publication of notice in some country
newspaper.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not aware of any
such legislation, so far as it relates to this bank.
Mr. 1IALE. There was such an act; and I
desire to know whether this is the bank to
which it, applied.
Mr. MORRILL. It was not tins bank. This
is the St. Alban's Bank.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman from Vermont why this bank should
be relieved from the payment of taxes any
more than banks that have been robbed br-
others than those engaged in the service of the
rebels. Quite a number of banks in different
parts of the country have had their vaults en-
tered and bonds and notes carried off, amount-
ing in some instances to quite as much as the
sum lost by this bank. Shall wo not, by the
passage of this resolution, establish a precedent
for extending similar relief to all other banks
that may have met with losses of this kind?
Will not the same principle require us t,o go
still further and relieve from taxation every
man in the country who may have been robbed
of his money or had his property destroyed?
If we establish Ibis principle, it occurs to me
we shall have about as much as we can do to
sit here as a board for the relief of persons
who may meet with these losses from day to
day and from year to year, it may be that
there are some features in this case which make
it an exception to the general rule; but unless
that be so, I certainly think the resolution
should not pass.
Mr. ROSS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Iowa that as this bill is for the bene-
fit of a corporation it stands on a higher ground
than if it were for the advantage of an indi-
vidual. [Laughter.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I know that is the
idea of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ross;]
but I differ with him.
Mr. MORRILL. I think this stands on a
different ground from the cases mentioned by
the gentleman from Iowa. This money was lost
by an unlawful invasion from Canada; and I
believe that our Government insists upon its
right t.o claim from the British Government
entit-e indemnity for the loss.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to suggest to
the gentleman from Vermont, if this bank is to
receive indemnity at the hands of the British
Government such as he has indicated, then,
of course, there is no reason why it should be
exempted.
Mr. MORRILL. If the bank receives any
indemnity from the British Government, it
must be through the hands of the United States
Government.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. It will make no
difference from what source the indemnity is
received, whether from the British Govern-
ment through the hands of the United States
Government, or directly from the British Gov-
ernment; if the bank be made whole, of course
it ought, not to bo relieved from taxation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Vermont whether the object
is to relieve this bank from taxation altogether,
or only on the portion they have lost.
Mr. MORRILL, it only asks a suspension
for the time being.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Does it cover the entire
bank and its capital, or only that portion which,
the bank has lost?
Mr. MORRILL. It suspends the entire
amount from October 18, 1864, to July 1,1866.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I see no reason why that
bank should not pay on the real capital it has.
It seems to me the remark of the gentleman
from Iowa is applicable, and if this be adopted
any man who has lost anything in any way
should be relieved from taxation.
Mr. HALE. I hope the gentleman from
Vermont will answer the question I have put
to him. I wish to call his attention, of which
he seems to be ignorant, to an extraordinary
piece of legislation on the part of Vermont in
regard to one of the St. Alban's banks, allow-
ing it to wind up in six months, and absolv-
ing it from the payment of any bill not pre-
sented within that time. Is that the bank
sought to be relieved from taxation ? If it is it
strikes me it has no claim to congressional
favor.
Mr. MORRILL. I am not aware of any
such law in reference to this bank. I know it
continues in existence. I think the gentleman
refers to another bank in the same town and
county.
Mr. WENTWORTII. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is. The gentleman
from Vermont has the floor for an hour.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say sueli legislation
has been had in reference to one bank in St.
Alban's. I wish to ask whether this is that
bank. I understand the gentleman from Ver-
mont is ignorant that any such legislation has
Iaken place. 1 know that such legislation has
taken place, and I wish to know whether this
is the bank.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I will state for the
information of the gentleman from New York
that no legislation in Vermont has been had
in reference to the loss of this bank ; but that
the legislation he refers to was in favor of
another bank, a State institution, entirely dis-
connected and separate from this. Whether
that law was wise or unwise it is not for me to
say. A law was passed giving time to a certain
bank in Franklin county to close up its mat-
ters, imposing certain conditions on the bank,
on the performance of which, unless its bills
were presented within a certain period for re-
demption, it was under no obligation to redeem
them ; but that legislation has nothing to do
with this bank.
This bank comes here asking for relief,_a
bank situated upon a frontier, undefended in
time of war by troops of our Government
against men decided to be connected with the
confederacy by the Canadian government, and
who have been relieved by the Canadian gov-
ernment on that and other grounds—men, I
say, who robbed the bank. The Government
admitting, as I believe, it may eventually suc-
ceed in getting this money back by demand on
the English Government, and not yet obtain-
ing it the bank asks this tax may be sus-
pended until further orders. It means undoubt-
edly until the time when the question shall be
decided whether the English or the Canadian
Government shall return to the United States
the property seized by these raiders who ran
over our northern frontier. It does seem to
me to be an eminently just proposition. If,
having lost this money, they go on in spite of
the loss and make their bill-holders secure,
redeem their money, and continue their busi-
ness, it seems to me the Government at least
ought to suspend the tax until such time as a
