1866.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL' -GLOBE.
Mr. JOHNSON. I suppose--the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ingeksoll] refers to Maxi-
milian's land.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I refer to any land this
company may get the control of.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move that this bill
with the proposed amendments be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
enrolled bill.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that that committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled a joint resolution
of the following title :
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 18) granting
public property to the Soldiers' Orphans' Home,
of Iowa ; when the Speaker signed the same.
grade op general in the arsiy.
Mr. DEMING. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs to report back from
that committee House bill No. 3, to revive the
grade of general in th<j United States Army,
and to move that the saifie be printed, and
recommitted to that committee.
The motion was agreed to.
collection op imposts.
Mr. DAWES, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide for collection of imposts;" which
was read a first and second time, referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary, and ordered to
bo printed.
joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to proceed to the
business on the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
The first business was the following concur-
rent resolution from the Senate:
Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representa-
tives concurring,) Tliat the joint committee appointed
to inquire into the condition of the State* which
formed the so-called confederate States be authorized
to send for persons and papers.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the House
concur in the resolution.
Mr. BKOOKS. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] inform this House
how long a time, in his opinion, will elapse
before we can have some report from the joint
committee after this investigation?
Mr. STEVENS. Everything done in that
committee is a secrct, and hence I cannot pos-
sibly give any information.
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman must have
joined the Know-Nothing society, to which it
was formerly said some other gentlemen be-
longed.
Mr. STEVENS. - But we do not belong to
that branch of the society that swears. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr. BROOKS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania might, perhaps, give us his private
opinion, not as organ of the committee, but his
own private opinion as to how long a tifiie will
elapse before we will have here some repre-
sentation from a largo portion of this country.
Or in another form, if the time is likely to be
very long, will he not introduce a bill to have
Representatives from thosq States as territorial
Delegates?
Mr. STEVENS. In my judgment, the time
will be so long that I shall be very glad to, and
probably may, upon my individual responsibil-
ity, introduce a bill to provide civil govern-
ments for those Territories.
Mr. BROOKS. It must be very satisfactory
to a large portion of the people who are to be
taxed to have no representation here.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, they have taxed us
considerably; I call for the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCK called for the yeas and nays
upon concurring in the resolution.-
Mr. J OHA' SON called for tellers upon the
question of ordering the yeas and nays.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Johnson
and Stevens were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
that there were—ayes twenty-six; noes not
counted.
So the yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas, 120, nays 30, not vot-
ing 22; as follows: P
TEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine, Blow,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Bromwell, Broomall, Buckland,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cul-
lom, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Doming,
Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, E^gleston, Etiot,
FarnsvTorth, Farquhar, Ferry, Oar held, Grinnell,
Griswold, Hale. Abner C.Harding, Hart,Hayes,Hen-
derson. Higby, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Asahel W.Hub-
bard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, James It. Hubbell, Ilulburd, James Hum-
phrey, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Ivasson, Kelley,
Kelso, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George
V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Maiston, Marvin, McClurg, Mch.ee, Mercur,
Miller, Moorliead, Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'-Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham,Phelps,Plants,
Pomeroy. PriceAVilliam H. Kandall, Raymond, Alex-
ander H.Rice, John Il.Riee, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scolield, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr,
Stevens, Stillwell, John L. Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert'!': Van Ilorn,
Ward, Warner.EliliuB.Washburnc, William B. Wash-
bum, Welker, James I1. Wilson, Stephen I'. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—-12o.
NAYS — Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boycr, Brooks,
Reader W. Clarke, Denison, Eldridge, Ekick, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Xlogan,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson,
Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall. McCullough.Niblack. Nich-
olson, Nocll, Radfoid, Samuel J. Randall, Hitter,
Rogers, Ro*s, Sitgreaves(> Sti'oubo, Xaber, Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble, and Winficld—35.
SOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baxter,
Chanlcr, Culver, Dawson, Dumont, Harris, Hotchkiss,
Jones, Mclndoe, MeRuer, Newell, Pike, Roussoau,
Shanklin, Thayer,  aneis Thomas, Vooriices, Went-
worth, Whaley, Williams, and Wright—22.
So the resolution of the Senate was con-
curred in.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. O'NEILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Thayer, was detained from the House by sick-
ness.
Mr. NIBLACK stated that his colleague, Mr.
Voobiiees, was unavoidably detained from the
House.
The result of the vote was then announced
as above stated.
barxkv cain.
Senate bill No. 03, an act for (ho relief of
Barney Cain, was taken from the Speaker's ta-
ble, read a first and second time, and referred
to the Gommittee on Invalid Pensions.
r1!v. john c. jacobi.
Mr. SCIIENCK, by unanimous consent,
moved that the Committee, on Military Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration
of House bill for the benefit of Rev. John C.
Jacobi, and that the same bo referred to the
Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
claims for horses impressed, etc.
Mr. SCIIENCK, by unanimous consent, also
mq\ed that the Committee on Military Affairs
bo discharged from the fuither consideration ol
a resolution relating fo claims for horses, &c.,
impressed into the service of the United States;
and that the same bo referred to the Committee
of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
stark, staufl'er and company.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, also
moved that the Committee on Military Affairs
be discharged from the further consideration of
the petition of Stark, Stanffer & Co., asking-
payment for a lot of bar iron, il'c., taken at
New Orleans by Major General Butler for the
use of the United States; and that the same be
referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
captain jonathan hunt.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, also
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of Cap-
tain Jonathan Hunt, asking compensation for
military services rendered by himself and his
company, under orders from Brigadier General
John McNeil, commanding the district of south-
west Missouri, and that the same be referred
to the select committee on the war debts of the
loyal States.
The motion was agreed tou .
navigation of ohio river.
Mr. MOOB.HEAD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Commerce bo in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of an appro-
priation by Congress, not exceeding $100,000, for the
improvement of the Ohio river between Pittsburg,
Pennsylvania,and Buffington's Island, West Virginia,
the money to be expended under the direction oj*a
practical riverman, to be appointed by the Presi3«ht,
and to report by bill or otherwise. j . .
personal explanation.
Mr. KASSON, having obtained unanimous
consenttomakeastatement, said: Mr. Speaker,
my attention has been called by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Bingham] to an error which I
committed yesterday in quoting from memory
a sentiment which I understood him to utter* in
the speech which he made the other day. I
referred to the gentleman as having sajd that
the negro troops " won for us the victory." "
He called my attention to that this morning.
T referred to the Globe as containing his re-
marks as published, and I find that in quoting
from memory I did him injustice. The senti-
ments he declared were the same as I uttered
yesterday on that subject, the essential, declara-
tion being that they did their dtity unshrinkingly
and defiantly, doing their full share in securing
the final victories for our armies. I am anxious
always to correct any mistake I may Tiave made.
Mr. BINGHAM. I understand the gentle-
man to say that the limitation as published in
the Globe is what I said. I will saythat it is
in accordance with the notes as written out by
the reporter. I know that it is what I did say.
I know it is exactly what I meant.
suffrage in the district of columbia.
The morning hour having expired, the House,
agreeable to order, resumed the consideration
of the bill (H. R. No. 1) extending the right of
suffrage in the District of Columbia; on which
Mr. J l'lian was entitled to the floor.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, whatever doubts
may arise as to the authority of Congress to
regulate the right of suffrage in the districts
lately in revolt, none can existas to such author-
ity within the District of Columbia. By the
express words of the Constitution, Congress
here has '1 exclusive power of legislation' and
that power, of course, extends to all the legiti-
mate subjects of legislation, of which the bal-
lot is unquestionably one. Shallitbe conferred
irrespective of color, or granted only to white
men V Shall Congress recognize the equal rights
of all men in the metropolis of the nation and
the territory under its exclusive control, or must
our national policy still be inspired by that con-
tempt for the negro which caused slavery, and
finally gave birth to thehorrid warfrom which we
have just emerged? Shall the nation, through
its chosen servants, stand by the principle of
taxation and representation for which our fath-
ers fought in the beginning, or reSnaet its guilty
compact with aristocracy and caste ? This is
the question, variously stated, which confronts
us iu the bill before the House. - It must now
be dealt with upon its merits. To attempt to
postpone or evade it is to trifle with the dangers
and duties of the hour, and forget all the terri-
ble lessons of the past.
Mr. Speaker, I demand the ballot for the col-
ored men of this District on the broad ground
of absolute right. I repudiate the political
philosophy which treats the right of sulfrage as
merely conventional. The right of a man to a
voice in the Government which deals with his
liberty, his property, and liis life is as natural,
as inborn as any ono of those enumerated by
our fathers. It is said, I know, that natural
rights are only those universal ones which exist
in a state of nature, in which every man takes his
defense and protection into his own hands; but
I answer that there is no such state of nature,
save in the dreams of speculative writers. The
natural slate of man is a slate of society, which
