2280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
grant in the Constitution ? He who affirms he has,
is bound to show it. That instrument is in the hands
of every member; the portion containing the dele-
gation of power to the Prcsidentis short. It is com-
prised in a tow sentences. I ask Senators to open
the Constitution, to examine it, and to lind, if they
can, anyauthoiity of the President to dismiss any
public officer. None such'can be found; the Consti-
tution has been carefully examined, and no one pre-
tends to have found such a grant. Well, then, as
there is none such, if it exists at all, it must exist as
apowerneeessaryand properto execute some granted
power; but if it exists in that character, it belongs
to Congress and not to the Executive. I venture not
this assertion hastily: I speak ou the authority of
the Constitution itsell—an express and unequivocal
authority which cannot bo denied nor contradicted.
Hear what that sacred instrument says; 'Congress
shall have power to make all laws which shall be
necessary and proper for carrying into execution the
foiegoing powers (those granted to Congress itself,)
and all other powers vested by this Constitution in
the Government of the United States, or in any
Department or officer thereof.' Mark the iullness of
the expression. Congress shall have power to make
all laws, not only to carry into eflect the powers ex-
pressly delegated to itboli, bat those delegated to the
UovernmcntjOr any Department or officer thereof;
comprehending, of course, the power to pass laws
peccssary and proper to carry into effect the powers
expressly granted to tho executive department. It
follows that, to whatever express giant of power to
tae Jbxccutive the power of dismissal may be be sup-
posed to attach; whether to that of seeing the laws
faithfully executed, or to the still more comprehen-
sive grant, as contended for by some, vesting execu-
tive powers in the President, the mere iact that it is
a power appurtenant to another power, and neces-
sary to carry it into effect, transfers it by the provis-
ions of the Constitution cited from the Executive to
Congress, and places it under its control, to bo regu-
lated in tho manner which it may judge best."
Again, Mr. Calhoun in this argument says:
"Such are the arguments by which I have been
forced to conclude, that the power of dismissing is
not lodged in the President, but is subject to be con-
trolled and regulated by Congress. 1 say forced, be-
cause I have been compelled to tho conclusion in
spite of my previous impressions. Kclying upon tho
early decision of the Question, and the long acqui-
escence m that decision*'—
Referring to the argument in Congress in
1789—
"I had concluded, without examination, that it had
not been di>turbod, because it rested upon prin-
ciples too clear nud strong to admit of doubt. I
rommnod pusMvoly under this impression, tintil it
became necessary, during tho Ia*tsesMon, to examine
.Hi® <iwcsj,10   when X took up tho discussion on it in
1/8J, Willi tho expectation of having my previous
impression confirmed. The lesult was different. I
was struck, on reading the debate, with the lorce of
tho arguments of those who contended that tlie
power was not vested by the Constitution in tlio
iixeeutivc. lo me they appeared to bo far more
statesmanlike than the opposite arguments, and to
partake much more of the spirit of the Constitution.
Alter reading this debate, i turned to the Constitu-
tion, winch I read with care in rcioreneo to the sub-
ject discussed, when, for the first time, I was struck
"With the lull loreool the clausowhieh i have quoted,
and wncu, 111 my opinion, forever settles the contro-
versy."
Mr, President, no man can read the debate
of 1789, as I have done within the last two or
three days, without coming to the same con-
clusion. _ Mr. Madison and those who eon-
tended with him, it seems to me, were in favor
of leaving this po wer in the hands of the Pres-
ident by their legislation simply because they
had entire conlidence in the Father of liis Coun-
try. I have looked at this question of removal,
and I find that during the whole eight years
of the administration of General Washington,
after this debate in Congress, and after the
admission that the power rested in the Execu-
tive to make removals without cause, there
were but nine removals made. I do not say
that they were made without cause, but I mean
there were but nine removals made by the
~xeeutive. Mr. Adams succeeded General
Washington, and there were but ten removals
during Ins term of four years. Jefferson was
m the presidency for eight years, and he re-
moved but forty-two men. The whole eight
y ears of tho administration of Mr. Madison
show butthree removals. Mr, Madison claimed
the power to exist, I admit, as fully as the
Senator from Maryland; but how did Mr.
Madison exercise that power when he had the
control of it himself/ In the whole eight years
of his administration lie saw fit to make but
three removals. Mr. Monroe was in the Pres-
idency for eight years, and he made but nine
removals. John Quincy Adams, during his
four years of administration, made but two
removals. Forty years of the Government
show but seventy-five removals, not two a year.
Bat when General Jackson came in, the first
year showed some two hundred and thirty,
and after that, I believe, some four or five
thousand; and from that day to this it has
been the continual practice of the Executives
to seize upon the offices of this country for the
purpose of increasing their power and patron-
age. When we come to examine the Constitu-
tion we clearly come to the conclusion that the
President has no power to remove an officer.
Why should he have the power? He may
nominate, and by and with the advice and con-
sent of the Senate may appoint an officer, but
where does he get the power, as was very prop-
erly said by Mr. Calhoun, to remove an officer
after he has once been placed in office.
I know that a great many inconveniences
may be conjured up. I know that in a great
many cases it would be very inconvenient
indeed to deny the existence of the power.
The Senator from Ohio may very properly
say that if this proposition should be adopted
many inconveniences will arise in some dis-
tricts in regard to the collection of the revenue.
But let us look at it in another point of view.
Suppose that the President is a corrupt man,
what then? I would that I had time to .read
from the reports made in 1827 and 1835 upon
this subject, wherein they expressed so much
distrust, wherein they expressed so much appre-
heiibion of dangerin the future arising from this
extraordinary powerlin the hands of the Pres-
ident. Wo must recollect that now there is a
change in affairs; that where there was one
office then, there are ten now. Look at the
vast machinery for the collection of the inter-
nal revenue of the country. Has the Presi-
dent the power when we adjourn, to lay his
hands upon every collector and every assessor
in this broad land and turn him out? If so, I
apprehend that Congress expressing a differ-
ence with the Executive will avail nothing.
However this Congress may differ from the
President in political desires for the future;
whatever may be the conflict between us, that
conflict will not last long; it will last but a very
short lime. Can tho President, as suon as this
Senate shall adjourn, lay his hauds^pon every
officer in this land, upon the consuls and min-
isters abroad, and upon the assessors and col-
lectors and all the vast machinery for the col-
lection of the internal revenue? Can he seize
upon all the post offices in the land? I do not
say that he will do so; but I apprehend that
if I were the President of the United States,
and differed as materially from Congress as he
seems to differ from us, and I believed I pos-
sessed this power, I would do so. I do not
suppose that the President is a better man than
I am; I do not say that he is a worse man than
I am; I apprehend that we are all actuated by
the same feelings and by the same motives. I
do the President the credit to suppose that he
acts conscientiously in his political opinions;
and if he does, why should he not undertake
to carry out what he terms " my policy V' If
he lays the heavy hand upon all the public
offices in this country, what avails it that the
people may sjieak against him, or Congress
may speak against him ?
Mr. SHERMAN. He would lose more
votes by the exercise of a power of that kind,
ten thousand times, than he would gain. I do
not believe that the power of appointment
would affect political opinion in this country
one iota. That is my deliberate opinion as to
the power of appointment.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL, The public service
might suffer.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes; but it would not
affect the mass of the people in the slightest
degree.
Mr. HENDERSON. Suppose it would not
alter _ the opinions of a single individual; I
submit to the Senator from Ohio that where
men by bending the supple hinges of the knee
that thrift may follow fawning, can get that
thrift to follow, would not men of the very
worst character be apt to get into office?
Then, I say, as was said by the Senator from ,
Illinois, the public service will suffer. I differ
with the Senator from Ohio. I say that public
patronage, as great as the Executive can have
if he can turn out every officeriii the land, will
tend, and does inevitably tend, to sustain the
President in his public policy.
Mr. JOHNSON. It weakens him.
Mr. HENDERSON. If it weakens him,
then let the Senate thus strengthen the Presi-
dent. If that be so, I am in favor of strength-
ening thePresident. The Senator insists that by
leaving this powef in the hands of the President
we weaken him. Then I will change my course
of policy, and I will attempt to strengthen the
President. I will at least say that the Senate
of the United States ought to have some con-
trol over these offices. I have no prejudice
against the President of the United States. I
differ with him in policy. After an examina-
tion of this question, and I think I have come
■ to the conclusion conscientiously, I believe that
the Senate has a right to say when a man is to
be removed from a public office. I believe that
the Senate is a part of the appointing power,
and that it is also a part of the removing power.
There is no power in the Executive to remove
any man when once in office unless he gets the
consent of the Senate thereto.
Mr. Webster was supposed to be almost as
good a constitutional lawyer as Mr. Madison.
Mr. Webster made a speech in this same dis-
cussion in 1835, an extract from which I will
read, and to which I call the attention of tho
Senator from Maryland. He asked me to show
it to him. I have it in my h.and :
"After considering the question again and again
within the last six years I am willing to say that, in
my deliberate judgment, the original decision was
wiong."
That was the decision of 1789, from which
I have read:
"I cannot but think that those who denied the
power in 17S9 had the best of the argument; it ap-
pears to me, alter thorough and repeated and con-
scientious examination, that an erroneous interpre-
tation was given to the Constitution, m this respcct,
by tho decision of tho First Congress."
It is unnecessary to read from other portions
of this speech. It is certainly a very able
argument, and oue which I think as clearly
sustains the position which I assume as the
argument of Mr. Calhoun. They were cer-
tainly both able, as also the report of Mr.
Calhoun made in 1835.
The amendment of the Senator from Illinois
is in these words:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That no person
exercising or performing or undertaking to exorcise
or perform the duties of any office which by law is
required to be filled by the advice and consent of tho
Senate, shall, before confirmation by the Senate,
receive any salary or compensation lor his services
unless such person be commissioned by the President
to fill up a vacancy which has happened by death,
resignation, or expiration of term during the recess
of tho Seriate and since its last adjournment.
The Senator evidently intends to refuse pay-
ment to the successors of those men who shall
be removed without cause by the President.
That is the meaning of it. It can have no other
meaning. Now, as 1 suggested to the Senator
this morning—and in much that the Senator
from Ohio said I agree—I think that in arran-
ging a law of this character we ought to cover
the whole question, and we ought to provide
for a temporary suspension by the President.
We ought to provide for the filling up of those
offices, notice of vacancies in which will not
reach us before the adjournment. Otherwise
much inconvenience may arise. A man may
die in Oregon, and we may have no notice of
the vacancy before our adjournment. The
President ought to have the power, in a case
of that sort, to fill that vacancy before the
next session; and even if we do not agree to
give our advice and conscnt to the nomination,
that man having discharged the duties of the
office ought to be paid. There arc many incon-
veniences that will arise under this provision.
The Senator from Ohio has pointed out some
of them. I cap conceive of many, but if it is
insisted upon, if we must have a vote, I would
rather adopt this provision and take those in-
conveniences than to adopt the inconvenience
