1320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. '
March 12,
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS.
The PRESIDENT j>ro tempore laid beforethe
Senate a communication from the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting, in obedience to law,
copies of the accounts of the superintendents
and agents having charge of the tribes of Chick-
asaws, Seminoles, Wichitas, &c., for the third
quarter of 1865; which was referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid bo-
fore the Senate a message from the President
of the United States, transmitting, for the con-
sideration of the Senate, a copy of a letter of
the 21st ultimo, from the Governor of tho Ter-
ritory of Colorado to (lie Secretary of State,
with tho memorial to which it refers, relative
to tho location of tho Pacitic railroad ; which,
#n motion of Mr. f Vjyyknk. ivas referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
PETITIONS AND MEJIOIiTALS.
Mr. (HUMES presented a memorial of the
General Assembly of the State of Iowa, repre-
senting that they believe Jefferson Davis ought
to be brought to a lair, speedy, and impartial
trial, and that, if found guilty of tho crime of
treason, he ought to suffer the penalty provided
by law; which was referred to tho Committee
on the Judiciary.
Mr. LANE, of Ind iana, presented tho peti-
tion of Ann lleth, widow of William lleth,
who was killed by the confederate forces under
the command of John .Morgan, July (I, ISfiiJ,
praying lor a pension ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
lie also presented additional papers in rela-
tion to the claim of Airs. Charles \V. Pureell,
lor a pension: which were referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
_ Mr. WILLIAMS presented two petitions of
citizens of Oregon, praying for the establish-
ment of a weekly mail route from Oregon Oily
to Lebanon, in that. State; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads.
Mr. POMK'JOY presented a petition of
loyal citizens o! the counties of Augusta and
Albemarle, in the State of Virginia'," praying
lor payment lor store.", and supplies furnished
to the Union Army; wliieh was referred to tho
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. IIO\V K presentee! a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying lor the establishment of
a tri-iveekly mail route from (ilen Bulah, SUe-
bojfjan county, to West liend, Washington
eouiily, in that Stale; which was referred to
the Coimniltee on Post Olliees and Post. Roads.
(lo also presented a memorial of the Mil-
wauliee and Rock River Casial Company, pray-
ing that the remainder ot the trust 1 and arising
trom thesale o( canal lands, found by the Com-
missioner of tho General Land Olli'ee lo have
come into the possession of tho State of Wis-
consin, may be appropriated and paid to il in
full of all demands ; which was referred to the
Commitlee on Hie Judiciary.
^Mr. \\ I LHON' presented a petition of officers
ol the Coh.isset Saving-, Rank, praiingthat sav-
ings hanks or institutions for savings having no
eapijal, and whose Im.-inesx is conlined to re-
ceiving deposit", andloaning lisoHanieon inter-
oM tor th" bpiiolit ol depositors only, and which
do no other business of banking, "may be ex-
empted from tlie payment of any further inter-
mil re\ onne tax ; which was referred to the Coui-
miliee on l''inanei\
Sir. AXT110XV presented a petition of offi-
cer,-. of the Pascoag Suungs Bank, in Rhode Isl-
and, praying that savings banks or institutions
for savin its havingno capital, and whose business
is confined toreeeivingde])0,sits and loaning tho
same on interest for tilt; benefit of depositors
only, and which do no other business of bank-
ing, may be exempted from any further pay-
ment, of internal revenue tax; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. DAVIS ^presented a resolution of the
•Legislature of Kentucky, romonstiating against
the proposed tax on leaf tobacco; which was
leteired to the Committee on Finance, and or-
dered to bo punted.
Mr. HARRIS presented the memorial of
Mrs. Mary Elizabeth Bouligny, praying that
ce;tifieates of new location may bo issued to
her for one sixth part of the land claim of the
heirs of J. A. Bernard Dauterive, in Louisiana,
called the Bayagoula Concession; which was
referred to the Committee on Private Land
Claims.
BURNING Of COLUMBIA, SOUTH CAROLINA.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am requested to present
the petition of Benjamin Rawls, who represents
himself to be a poor old man, ninety-three years
of age, who has been most harshly treated by the
Army of the United States, having all the prop-
erty that he had accumulated during a long life
of hard work destroyed in one night. Ho de-
scribes tho character of property and the nature
ofit.andstatesittohavebeen worth $10,000. He
further says bo has always been a true and loyal
citizen of tho United States; that he was early
educated that the Union and the Constitution
were sacred landmarks sot up by the fathers and
not to be removed by us. For this he suffered
in the days of nullification pecuniary loss. He
states that ever since 182:5 he has been under
oath to defend the Constitution of the United
States, first as a magistrate, in 18JG as a post-
master, and in 1805, in that, city, in tho provost
marshal's office, and that he has never violated
tliat oath, but has been always true and faith-
ful to the Government of the United States,
lie thinks that under the peculiar circumstances
of the case he should bo compensated for tho
injury done him by the Army. Ilia property
was burned in the fire at Columbia. He also
represents that he communicated his case to
the President, and the President referred him
to Congicss. lie also says he called upon Gen-
eral Sherman, the army under whose command
committed this injury, and ho also advised him
to make the ane reference; and he now re-
spectfully mOTos this appeal to Congress. Ho
incloses a correspondence between himself and
General Sherman, and T will fake the liberty
now, in order to set, a matter of history right,
so far as the statement of the general in com-
mand can do it, to read the letter of General
Sherman in reply to this application ;
ItKADqiTAllTERS M11,1TA I!Y "DIVISION' MISSISSIPPI,
St. Louis, Missouri, ilareh'A, 1866.
T)mit Sill: I haveyour totter,without date, inclos-
niK a, petition to tlio Unmrreus of tlie United States,
■e:t-;iier to bo iurtommfioil for tho loss by tiro of your
Imm-o iii'd contents at tin) time of our occupation in
riMninu'y, 1St>5.
! iiNMit'oyou Hint t foe] deeply for you and all others
who lo-t then' property in Hint fire, but if tho United
States «eie lo u-Mime the liability i! would be an
admission that we had done wronjj. ThN is not true.
'i'lio rinhtlut aufhorityol'tho national (iovcrnraont
had been resisled in the, Slate of South Carolina, for
yeats, and u e were compel led al great cost of life and
money to conduet (hither a, vasfranny, and ourpro^-
i'e-N 1V11-; resisted by all tho toivo tho State could ob-
tain. \ our own eitizcns resisted our approach not
only with anus, but by buriims the bruises over tho
r.di^to, ttic Uoiisaree,Saluda, and tirond rivers. They
burned tho depot in Columbia before we entered be-
cause il contained corn and stores tliey supposed wo
needed, and set flic to thousands of bales of cotton
rolled out into the street®, and whieh were burning
beloro wo entered Columbia.. I myself -was in Colum-
bia as early as noon, and saw these tires, and know'
tha t ettorts were made to extinguish them, but a hisrh
and strong wind kept I hem alive. 1 gave no orders
tor tho burling of your city, but on tho contrary the
le\ erM', and belie\ e that tho eonlla^rratioii lehulted
,, ,, • ,,  paperstheprintcdorder
ot (.encral Wade llampton that on the approach of
the 1 ankec army all the cotton should thus be burned,
and lioiu what I ^awniysclf have no hesitation in
saying t ficit ho wu^the eaiHo of tho destruction ofyonr
properly 1 ourtrue remedy is asains-t him and such
others of your own <*itizen« as conspired with him
ami made the military occupation of your city an
absolute necessity.
I hardly think it is fair that tho Congress of the
unHed titatc;* should tax the people of Ohio.Illinois,
and Missouri to pay for such looses, hut ns if, is not ray
province to .indssc in such matters, I will send your
petition according to its address.
1 nccain assure you of my personal sympathy, by
reason of youv age and infirmity, hut this must not
lend me to indorse a wrong principle.
I aui, with groat respect, vour obedient servant
AV. T. SHK11MAN, Major General
K vwi.s, Columbia, South Carolina.
A" this old gentleman is undoubtedly a true
and loyal man, one of the very few, probably, in
\
the State of South Carolina, I trust this petitioft,
although I think it ought not to be granted,will
receive a respectful hearing by Congress, and I
therefore move that it be referred to the Com'
mittee on Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred. The Chair will remark in this con-
nection that he received, ho presumes, a, copy of
the same petition or the original of the same
and presented it to the Senate some ten days
ago, and that is already in the hands of the
Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AND REFERRED.
On motion of Mr. MORGAN, it was
Ordered, That the memorialof E.Brown, jr., of tile
city ofjfew York, praying for additional compensa-
tion for services lendered as an artist with the naval
expedition, under Commodore ferry, to Japan, bo
taken from the tiles of the Senate and referred to tho
Committee on Naval Affairs.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was re-
ferred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 81) mani-
festing the sense of Congress toward the offi-
cers and seamen of the vessels, and others,
engaged in the rescue of officers and soldiers
of the Army, the passengers and the officers
and crew of the steamship San Francisco, from
perishing with tho wreck of that vessel, re-
ported it without amendment.
Ho also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a joint resolution (S. R. No. 85)
to fix the rate of mileage for officers traveling
on public duty, reporteditwithout amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 81) ceding to the
State of West Virginia the lands and tene-
ments, with the rights, privileges, and appurte-
nances thereunto pertaining, belonging to the
United States, and lying and being in the county
of Jefferson, at Harper's Ferry, in the State of
West Virginia, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. DAVIS, from tho Committee on Claims,
to whom was referird the petition of P. A.
Wheeler, acting chaplain and assistant quar-
termaster, praying for the passage of an act
relieving him from all responsibility for money
stolen from liim on the 30th of September,
18G5, at Eastville, Virginia, submitted an ad-
verse report thereon.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
lit.")) to amend an act to provide for the pay-
ment of horses or other property lost or de-
stroyed in the military service of tho United
States, approved March 3, 181!); which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILLIAMS asked, and by unanimous
conscnt obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 190) to extend the port of entry of the
collection district of the State of Oregon;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee 011 Commerce.
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATION.
Mr. GRIMES. Tbelievemy time has come,
Mr. President, to offer an amendment to the
Constitution, and I propose to submit one.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a joint resolution (S. It. No. 42)
proposing to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States ; which was read twice by its title.
Mr. GROINS. Iaskthatitbereadatlength,
The Secretary read, as follows :
Rfiohc'l, &c., That the following articlo bo pro-
posed to the Legislatures of the several States as an
amendment to the Constitution of the United States,
which, when ratified by three fourths of said Legis-
latures, shall bo valid as part of said Constitution,
namely:
Article—. Representatives shall be apportioned
among the several States whieh may be included
wifhm this Union according to their respective num-
bers, counting; the whole number of persons in each
otate, excluding Indians nottaxed; but whenever in
any State the elective franchise shall be denied to any
portion of its male citizens above the age of twenty-
one years, except forcrhnc or disloyalty, the basis of
representation of such State shall be reduced in the
proportion which tho number of ruple citizcns so
excluded shall bear to tho whole number of male
citizens over twenty-one years of age.
