256
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 16,
demands .law, , government, as the condition of
its life.' By the right of suffrage I mean the
right to a share in the governing power; and
while the peculiar manner and circumstances
of its exercise may fairly be regarded as con-
ventional, the right is natural. If not, then
there are no natural rights, since none could
be enjoyed except by the favor or grace of the
Government, which must decide for itself who
shall be permitted to share in its exercise. You
may, if you choose, call , the right of suffrage a
natural social right; but whatever adjectives
you employ in your definition, the right, I in-
sist, is natural. ^ost'certainly it is.so in its pri-
mary sense. My. friend from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] substantially agrees with me, for he speaks
^of suffrage, not as a. privilege, but as a right,
equiUy. sacred with those .acknowledged to be
natural, _apd which Government cannot take
a^ay. Sir, without the ballot no man is really
free, because if he enjoys freedom it is by the
, permission of those who govern, and not in vir-
' tue of his own recognized manhood. TVe talk
about the natural right of all men to life, to
liberty, and to the pursuit of happiness; but if
one race of men can rightfully disfranchise an-
other, and govern them at will, what becomes
of their natural rights? ' The moment you ad-
mit such a principle the very idea of democracy
is renounced, and absolutism must own you as
its disciple. The fact that society, through G ov-
ernment as its agent, regulates the right, and
withholds it in certain instances, as in the case
of infanfs and idiots, and makes the withdrawal
of it a punishment for crime in others, does not
at all contravene the ground I assume. So-
ciety, for its own protection, takes away all
natural rights, or rather, it declares them for-
feited on certain prescribed conditions. Chris-
tianity and civilization placc their brand upon
slavery as a violation of the natural rights of
men. But that system of personal servitude
from which we have finally been delivered is
only one type of slavery. Serfdom is another.
That unnatural ownership of labor by capital
-which grinds the toiling millions of the Old
"World, and renders life'itself a curse, is not
less at war with natural rights than negro sla-
very. The degrees of slavery may vary, but
the real test of freedom is the right to a share
in the governing power. Judge Humphrey,
speaking of the freedmen, says "there is really
no difference, in my opinion, whether we hold
them, as absolute slaves or obtain their labor
by some other method.'' The old slavehold-
ers understand this perfectly. An intelligent
human being, absolutely subject to the Gov-
ernment under which he lives, answerable to
it in his person and property for disobedience,
and yet denied any political rights whatever,
is a slave. He may not wear the collar of
any single owner, but he will be what Carl
Schurz aptly calls "the slave of society," which
is often a less merciful tyrant I He will owe
to the mere grace of the Government the right
to marry and rear a family; the right to sue
for any grievance ; the right to own a home in
the wide world ; the right to the means of ac-
quiring knowledge; the right of free locomotion
and to pursue his own happiness; the right to a
fair day's wages for a fair day's work; the right
to life itself,-save on conditions to bo fixed with-
out his consent, and which may render him an
alien and an outcast among men. So abject and
humiliating'is such a condition, and so perfectly
does the world understand the sacredness of the
rights of the citizen, that in all free Governments
his disfranchisement is appropriately made a
fart of the punishment for high crimes. Sir,
repeat it, there is no freedom, no security
against wrong and outrage, save in the ballot;
and Governor Brownlow is therefore thoroughly
right m principle, in contending that the con-
stitutional amendment abolishing slavery, and
giving Congress the power, by appropriate legis-
lation, to enforce this abolition, authorizes us
to secure the ballot to all men in the revolted
districts, irrespective of color. It is not slavery
in form, but in fact, and under whatever name,
that fhe people of the United States intend to
have abolished forever.
If I am right in this view, color has nothing
whatever to do with the question of suffrage, as
the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] will
see. The negro should not be' disfranchised
because he is black, nor the white man allowed
to vote because he is white. Both should have
the ballot because they are men and citizens,
and require it for their protection. Are you
willing to rest your right to the ballot on the
purely contingent fact of your color? Your
manhood tells you instantly that that is not the
foundation. You are a man, endowed with all
the rights of a man, and therefore you demand
a voice in the Government; but when you say
this you assert the equal rights of the negro.
Neither color, nor race, nor a certain amount
of property, nor any other mere accident of
humanity, can justify one portion of the people
in stripping another portion of their equal rights
before the law, the common master over all.
Government, in fact, in its proper, American
sense, is simply the agent and representative
of fhe governed, in taking care of their interest
and guarding their rights.
It is not the concern of the few, nor of the
many, but of all. The negro, doubtless, would
have been born white if he could have been con-
sulted ; and to take from him his inherent rights
as a man because of his complexion is a polit-
ical absurdity as monstrous as its injustice is
mean and revolting. When you do it, you aim
a deadly stab at the vital principle of all dem-
ocracy. And if you may disfranchise the negro
to-day on account of his race, or color, you may
disfranchise the Irishman to-morrow, and the
German the next day ; and then, perhaps, you
will be prepared to strike down the laboring
man, the "mudsill," adopting the Virginia phi-
losophy, that "filthy operatives" and "greasy
mechanics" are unfit for political power. No
absurdity or wickedness can be too great for a
people who could thus deliberately sin against
the great primal truths of democracy; and the
logical consequence of the first false step, of any
departure whatever from the rule which makes
manhood alone the test of right, must be to con-
tinually narrow the basis of popular power till
the end shall be a remorseless aristocracy or
an absolute despotism.
Mr. Speaker, this view of suffrage as a nat-
ural right greatly simplifies the whole subject.
The sole question is, as already stated, whether
our democratic theory of Government shall be
maintained in practically recognizing the in-
herent rights of all men as the source and basis
of political power? To ask this question, in
the United States, is to answer it.
_ And public policy, also, answers the ques-
tion in the interest of the broadest radicalism.
Duty and advantage will be found hand in hand
in any fairly tested experiment of equal suf-
frage. According to the census returns of
18G0, the colored population of this District
was then over fourteen thousand. It is now
estimated at about twenty thousand. The value
of real and personal property owned by them
is at least $1,225,000. They own twenty-one
churches, supported at a cost of over $20,000
per annum, fhe whole number of their com-
municants is 4,300, with an average attendance
of 9,000, distributed among their own religious
communities, and among the Catholic and Epis-
copal churches of their white, fellow-citizens.
They have twenty Sabbath schools, with from
three to fourthousand scholars, and thirty-three
day schools, attended by over four thousand
scholars in the month of last November. Four
thousand of the colored people can read and
write. They subscribe for l,250«opies of the
National Republican, and about 3,000 cop-
ies of the Daily and Sunday Chronicle. There
are more than thirty benevolent, literary, and
civic organizations among them, by which their
needy, superannuated, and infirm are cared for
to a large extent, the city government having
none or very few colored paupers to support.
They furnished three full regiments for the na-
tional service, numbering in all 3,549, and from
sixtyto seventy per ecnt. of the drafts in the Dis-
trict were composed of drafted colored soldiers or
substitutes. This, sir, is the character and con-
dition of a class in this eommmunity ninety per
cent, of whom were slaves at the beginning of
the war, or their immediate descendants, many
of them having purchased their own freedom
and that of their families, and are besides prop-
erty holders to a considerable extent. Sir, I
call this a good record, if not a proud one. These
people are here, and they will remain here, either
asthefriends or the enemies of the Government.
If we shall give them their rights—a stake in so-
ciety, an equal chance with the white man to
fight the battle of life—instead of becoming an
element of weakness and a source of danger
they will be found our allies and friends, and
thus lend unity and strength to the Government.
If we shall continue to disfranchise and degrade
them, we shall make them aliens, domestic foes
in our midst, a perpetual menace of danger and
discord, from which we shall suffer quite as much
as the party thus wronged by our cruel folly.
As a matter of mere policy, therefore, wholly
aside from the question of right, I would give
the ballot to every colored man of competent
age in the District; anjj had I the power I would
secure to him a h«me on the soil he has so long
watered by his' tears. I proposed this policy
for the revolted States in a measure I had the
honor to report to this House two years ago,
providing for homesteads on the forfeited and
confiscated lands of rebels; and had it prevailed
in the Senate, as it did in this body, it would
have wrought out the only true reconstruc-
tion of government and society in the South.
The great want of every poor man is a home,
along with the ballot with which to defend it.
Russia, in giving freedom to her millions of serfs,
secured to each one of them a homestead. Our
policy should be the same. In the history of
the world the ballot has generally followed the
granting of homesteads to the poor; but the
poor now should have the ballot as the surest
means of attaining the homestead. Sir, there
is but one remedy for the appalling picture
recently presented by John Bright, of five mil-
lion families in the United Kingdom who are
unrepresented in Parliament, and whose utter
- helplessness, poverty, and degradation appeal
in vain to the English aristocracy. That rem-
edy, as righteously due these voiceless millions
ast,hesunlight,istheballot. ZVtctfwould "bend
the powers of statesmanship to the high and
holy purposes of humanity and justice," and at
last make sure to the lowliest the blessed sanc-
tuary of a home upon the soil, which is among
the natural rights to secure which '' Govern-
ments are instituted among men." In our
own more favored country the ballot and the
homestead may go together, and should be
conferred at once. In the five great landed
States of the South there yet remain about fifty
million acres of public land unsold, all of which,
if not prevented by law, will be open to rebel
speculators. This should be sot apart at once
for actual homesteads in limited quantities, and
a bill providing for this is now before the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. Every landless freed-
man in the country, should this measure pre-
vail, will have at least a chance to become a
freeholder, and thus to unite his destiny to the
Government as its friend. This, or some kin-
dred measure, is rendered absolutely necessary
by the unfortunate.failure of the policy of con-
fiscation, and by what seems to me the criminal
action of the Government in restoring to fla-
gitious rebels, through pardons and otherwise,
the vast and valuable lands which had vested
in the nation through their treason, and are s<v
greatly needed and have been so justly earned
by the freedmen. Sir, no other policy than that
of justice _ and equal rights can be trusted in
dealing with these long-suffering people. In-
stead of driving them to thriftlessness and vaga-
bondism, I would bind them to the Government
through its parental care for their welfare. Let
us give them the ballot; and then, should a
public grievance come, they will bear it cheer-
fully, as self-imposed. They will bide their
time, in the hope that at a future election the
remedy will be found. "I can conceive no
greater social evil," says Governor Parsons,
of Alabama, "than a class of humanity in our
