1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
offering to ship himself of the provisions of
tills law, and to require-his compliance there-
with, under a penalty of fifty dollars for each
omission, to be sued for and recovered in the
name of the United States, under the direction
of the Secretary of the Treasury, one half for
the benefit of the informer and the other half
for fhe benefit of the fund for the relief of sick
and disabled seamen.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NOIITII CAROLINA COLLECTION DISTRICT.
The next business on the Speaker'stable was
Senate bill No. 399, relative to a collection dis-
trict in North Carolina; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. ELIOT moved that it be referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
R. P. PARROTT.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 445, for the relief of 11.
P. Parrott; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. WRIGHT. I make the point of order
that the bill must have its first consideration
in the Committee of the Whole ; that it can-
not now be considered without reference.
Mr. LAWKENCEj of Ohio, moved that the
bill be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
SKA MEN.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 439, to repeal an act entitled
"An act repealing certain provisions of law
concerning seamen on board of public an J pri-
vate vessels of the United States," approved
June 28, 18G4; which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the bill be referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UNROLLED DILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTIONS.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and joint resolutions of the following titles;
when the Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 20) granting lands to aid in
the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast*,
An act (S. No. 214) to incorporate the Gen-
eral Hospital of the District of Columbia;
An act (S. No. 309) to authorize Samuel
Stevens, a Stockbridge Indian, to enter and
purchase a certain tract of land in the Stock-
bridge reservation, Wisconsin;
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 86) to provide
for the publication of the Official History of the
Rebellion; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 117) for the re-
lief of Charles M. Blake.
GEORGE W. FISH.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 446, for the relief of George W.
Fish; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. ROSS raised the point that the bill made
an appropriation, and moved that it be referred
to the* Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed.
STOCKTON AND COPPEROPOLIS RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 244, granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad from the city of Stock-
ton to the town of Copperopolis, in the State
of California 5 which was read a first and sec-
ond time.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask that the bill be read, as
I propose to put it on its passage.
The Clerk read the bill, as follows:
_ it enacted by the Senate and Jloxite of Representa-
tives of the United States of Americain Conqrent assem-
bled, That the Stockton and Copperopolis Railroad
Company, a corporation organized under the laws of
the State of California,is hereby authorized and em-
powered to lay out, locate, construct, furnish, equip,
maintain and enjoy a continuous railroad from tno
city of Stockton to the town of Copperopolis, in the
State of California, by the most feasible route, to be
selected by said corporation, and is hereby vested
with all the powers and privileges and immunities
necessary to carry into effect the purposes of this act.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the right of
way through the public lands be, and the tame is
hereby, granted to said Stockton and Copperopolis
Railroad Company, its successors and assigns, lor the
construction of a railroad as proposed; and tucright
is hereby given to said corporation to take from the
public lands adjacent to the hne of said road mate-
rial for the construction thereof. Said right of way
is granted to said railroad company to the extent of
two hundred feet in width on each side of said road
where it may pass through the public domain; also,
all necessary ground for station-buildings, work-
shops, depots, machine-shops, switches, side-hack:?,
turn-cables and water-stations.
Sec.3. And be it further enacted, That there be, and
is hereby, granted to the said Stockton and Copper-
opolis Railroad Company, it? succcsf-ors and aligns,
tor the purpose of aiding in the eonstiucfion of said
railroad, and to secure the safe and speedy transporta-
tion of the mails, troops, munitions ol war, and public
stores over the route of said line of railway, every
alternate section of public land designated by odd
numbers to the amount ol ten alternate sections per
mile on each fide of said railroad line as said com-
pany may adopt. whenever on the line thereof the
United States have full title, not reserved, sold,
granted, or otherwise appropriated, and free from
preemption 01* other claims or rierht< at the time the
line of said road is definitely fixed and a plot thereof
filed in the oflice of the Commissioner of the General
Land Office; and whenever, prior to said time, any
of said sections or parts of sections shall have been
granted, sold, reserved, or covered by private land
grants, or occupied by homestead scttleis, or pr-
ompted, or otherwise disposed of, other lands shall
be selected by said company in lieu thereof, on the
line of said road, within ten milesol the same, under
the dii eetion of the Secretary of the Interior, \n alter-
nate sections, and de.signated by odd numbers, not
more than ten miles beyond the limits of said alter-
nate sections: Provided, That all lands containing
gold or silver, or copper, be, and the same arc here-
by, excluded from the operations of this act, and in
lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied and un-
appropriated agricultural lands in odd-numbered
sections, within twenty milesof the Hne of said road,
may be selected as above provided: And provided
further. That the word mineral when it occurs in this
actshall not be held to include iron nor coal.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That whenever
said railroad company shall have ten consecutive
miles of any portion of said inilroad ready for the
service contemplated, the Pacific railroad commis-
sioners shall examine the same; and if it shall ap-
pear that ten miles ol said road have been completed
in a good and substantial manner, and in all respects
as required by this act. the commissioners shall so
report to the President of the United States, and
patentsof lands, as aforesaid, shall bo issued to said
company, confirming to said company the right and
title to said lands, situated oppositeto and contermi-
nous with said completed section of said road, unless
said lands are of a character that they are covered
by the exceptions and reservations of this act; then
said company shall have a right to select such lands
on thollnoof said road so constructed, within twenty
miles of said road so completed.# And from time to
time whenever ten additional miles shall have been
constructed, completed, and in readiness as afore-
said, and verified by the commissioners to thoPres-
ident of the United States, then patents shall be
issued to said company, conveying the additional
sections of land as aforesaid; and so 011 as fast as
every ten miles of said road are completed.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That said railroad
shall be constructed in a substantial and workman-
like manner, with all the neccssary draws, culvcrts,
bridges, viaducts, crossings, turnouts, stations, and
watering places, and all other appurtenances, in-
cluding furniture and rolling stock, equal in all
respects to railroads of the first class, when prepared
for business, with rails of the best quality. And a
uniform gauge with the Pacific railroad shall be
established the entire length rff the road.
Sec. 6. Arid lie it further enacted. That the President
of the United States shall cans** the lands to be sur-
veyed for twenty miles in width on both sides of the
entire line of said road, after the gonoral route shall
be fixed, and as last as may be required by the con-
struction-of railroad; and the odd sections of land
hereby granted shall not be liable to sale or entry or
preemption before or after they are surveyed except
by said company, as provided in this act; but the
provisions of the act of September, 18-11 f granting
preemption rights, and the acts amendatory thereof,
and of the act entitled " An act to secure homesteads
to actual settlors on the public domain/' approved.
May 20,1832, shall be, and the same arc hereby, ex-
tended to $11 other lands on the line of said road
when surveyed, excepting those hereby granted to
said company.
Sec. 7. And. be it further enacted, That each and
every grant, right, and privilege herein are so made
and given to and accepted by said Stockton and Cop-
peropolis Railroad Company, upon and subject totho
following conditions, namely, that the said company
shall comracnce the work on said road within two
years from the approval of this act by the President,
and shall complete not less than ten miles per year
alter the sccond year, and shall construct, furnish,
equip, and complete the whole road by the 4th day
of July, 1872.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the United
States make the several conditioned grants herein,
and that the said Stockton and Copperopolis Rail-
road. Company accent the same, upon tho further con-
dition that if the said company make any breach of
the conditions hereof, and allow thesamo to continue
for upward of one year, then, in such case, ait any
time hoi eaftcr, Congress may do any and all acts and
things which maybe needful and necessary to insure
a speedy completion of the said road.
Sue. 9. And be it further enacted, That all people of
the United States shall havcthc right to subscribe to
the stock of the said railroad until the whole capital
is taken up by complying with the terms of subscrip-
tion.  
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted. That said Stock-
ton and Copperopolis railroad, or any pait thereof,
shall be a post route and military railroad, subject
to the use of the United States for postal, military,
naval, and all other Government service, and also
subject to such regulations as Congress may imposo
restricting1 the charges for such Government trans-
portation.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted. That the accept-
ance of the terms, conditions, and impositions of this
act by the said Stockton and Copperopolis Railroad
Company shall besigmfied in writing, under the cor-
poiate seal of the said company, duly executed pur-
suant to the direction of its board of directors first
bad and obtained, which acceptanco shall be made
witliin two years after the pas-age of this act, and
not afterward, and shall be served on the President
of the United States.
Sec. 12. Audbcit jurtherenactfd, That the said com-
pany is autlioiized to accept to its ownive any grant,
donation, or loan, power, franchise, aid, or assist-
ance which maybe grantedto orconferred upon said
company by the Legislature of any State, county, or
municipal corporation, person or persons, and said
evaporation is authorized to hold and enjoy anysuch
grant, donation, loan, or power, franchise, aid, or
assistance, to its own use for the purpose aforesaid.
Srco 13. And be it further enacted. That unless the
said Stockton and Copperopolis Railroad Company
shall obtain bona jide subscription to the stock of
said company to the amount of S-00,000, with five per
ccnt. paid within two years alter the passage and
approval of this act, it shall be null and void.
Sec. 14. And be it further enacted. That the better
to accomplish tho object of this act, namely, to pro-
mole the public interc>t and welfare by the construc-
tion of said railroad and keeping tho same in work-
ins: order, aud to secure to tho Government at all
times the use and benefit of the same for postal, mil-
itary, and other purposes, Congress may, at any time,
having due regard for the rights of said railroad com-
pany, add to, alter, amend, or repeal this act.
Sec. 15. And be it further enacted. That lots m towns
and villages shall be exempt from the provisions of
this act.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to thegen-
tleman from California that this bill should be
referred to one of the standing committees. It
is one of the most remarkable railroad bills
ever presented to this House. The first sec-
tion provides for the creation of a corporation.
Mr. IIIGBY. If gentlemen will wait the bill
will be fully explained. The gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Holmes.] a member of the
Committee on Public Lands, will offer amend-
ments which I think will obviate all objections
to the bill. It has been submitted to a major-
ity of the Committee on Public Lands, although
there has been no regular session of the com-
mittee, the bill not having *been referred to
them, and it has met with their approval.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman to let me
move a postponement of this bill till next De-
cember.
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose.
