1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
B241
ble, Kobert T. Van Horn, Henry D. "Washburn, and
W infield—61.
• NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M.Ash-
ley, Baldwin, Barker, Bergen, Blow, Brandegee,
Cnanler, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conkhng,
Culver, Darling, Delano, Deming, Dixon, Dodge,
Bckley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Griswold, Harris, Hart, Hill, llotchkiss,
Chester D. Hubbard, Kdwin N. Hubbell, James R.
Hubbell, Ingersoll, Jenckes. Johnson. Jones, Wil-
liam Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough, Molndoe, Mer-
cur, Moorhead, jNoell, O'Neill, Patteison, Phelps,
Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ross, Rousseau, Sco-
field, Shankiin, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Strousc, Thayer,
Burt Van Horn,*I5hhu B. Washburne, Whaley, Wil-
liams, "Woodbridge, and Wright—62.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
tlie coircurrent resolution was not agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS. After consultation with
the friends of the measure, 1 desire to give no-
tice that the question will be called on Friday
next upon the bill to restore to the States lately
in insurrection their full political rights, un-
less the House shall see proper to extend the
time for debate upon that bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
when the House last week granted unanimous
consent for the Army bill to be taken up to-
morrow after the morning hour the Chair
then stated that if the debate upon the recon-
struction bill should not be closed by that time
the Army bill would take the preference, as it
was made the special order by unanimous con-
sent, while the reconstruction bill was made
the special order by a suspension of the rules.
_ Mr. STEVENS. _ Very well; then I will
give no notice at this time of closing debate.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move that the rules be
suspended to allow any member who was
absent last week when the vote was taken upon
the proposed amendment to the Constitution
to record his vote to-day upon that question.
No objection was made, and the rules were
suspended.
Mr. COBB. I rise to a privileged question.
I submit, from the Committee on Enrolled Bills,
the following report:
To the Houne of Jlcprescnlativcti :
The Committee on Enrolled Bills respectfully re-
port that on the 16th day of June, 1866, they presented
to and filed with the Secretary of State ofthe United
States a joint resolution of the following title, namely:
"House Resolution No. 127:" a joint resolution pro-
Sosing an amendment to the Constitution of tho
nited States. AMASA COBB, Chairman.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would add that
the constitutional amendment is published offi-
cially by the Secretary of State in the Washing-
ton Republican of this morning.
Mr. BINGHAM. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce the following concurrcnt resolu-
tion, for action at this time ;
Resolvedly the Hounoof Representatives, (fchc Senate
concurrmpr,) That the PresiderUof IheUmted States
be requested to transmit forthwith to the Executives*
of the several States of the United States copies of
the article of amendment proposed by Congress to the
State Legislatures to amend the Constitution of tho
United States, passed June 13, 186(>, respecting citi-
zenship, the basis of repiesentation, disqualification
for odice, the validity of the public debt, ofthe Uni-
ted States, &c., to the end that the said States may
procced to act upon the said article of amendment,
and that he request the Executives of the States that
may ratify the said amendment to transmit to the
Secretary of State certified copies of such ratilica-
tion.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rules to enable me to introduce the resolution.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I ask for the yeas and
nays on that question.
The question was taken upon ordering the
yeas and nays, and there were twenty in the
affirmative.
Before the result, of the vote was announced,
Mr. ELDRIDGE called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Eldiudge
and Bixoiiam were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported—
ayes twenty-three, noes not counted.
So (one fifth voting in the affirmative) the
yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 92. nays 25, not voting G5j as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames,DelosR. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Bearnan, Benjamin, Bid-
well, Bingham. Blaine, Boutwell, BromweH, Broom-
all, Buckland, Bundy, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom,
Davis, Dawes, Delrces, Donnelly, l)rig«s, Eliot, Far-
quhar, Ferry, Garfield, Hale, AbnerC. Harding, Hen-
derson, Higby, Holmes, Hooper, llotehkiss, Asahcl
\V. Hubbard, Chester D.Hubbard, John II. Hubbard,
Ilulburd, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kctclnara, Laiiin,
Latham,George V. Lawrence, Loan,Lon^year, Mars-
ton, Marvin, MeClurg, McKce, Mcltuer, Miller, Mor-
rill, Moulton, Myers, Newell, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Pike, Plants. Pomeroy, Price, William H. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander- II. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenok, Shellabargcr, Spalding, Stilwell, Francis
Thomas, John L. Thoinas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van
Aernam, RobertT. Van Horn, Ward, Warner, llenry
D. Washburn, William B. Wasliburn, Welker, Went-
worth, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbridge—92.
NAYS—Messrs. Aneona, Boyer, Coffroth, Dawson,
Denison,Eldridge, Finck,Glossbrenner, Aaron Hard-
ins, Hogan, Humphrey, Kerr, Lc Blond, Marshall,
Niblack, Nicholson, Rittcr, Rogers, Koss.Sitgreaves,
Taber. Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, and Winfield—25.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, JamesM. Ash-
ley,Banks, Barker, Beigen, Blow, Brandcgcc, Chan-
ler, Reader W. Clarke. Sidney Clarke, Culver, Dar-
ling, Delano. Doming, Dixon, Dodge, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Goodyear, Grider, Grin-
nell, Griswoki, Harris, Hart, Hayes, llill, Dcmas
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, In-
gersotl, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Kuykendall,
William Lawrence, Lynch, McCullough, Molndoe,
Morcur,Moorhead, Morris.Noell,O'Neill,Patterson,
Phelps, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, John II. Rice,
Rousseau, Scoiield, Shankiin, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stevens, Strousc, Thayer, Burt Van Horn, Elihu B.
Washburne, Whaley. Williams, and Wright—65.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended to allow the introduction
of the resolution.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MYERS said: I have been requested
to announce that my colleague, Mr. 0:Neilt.,
detained from the llousc by indisposition, is
paired with my colleague, Mr. Randall.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call for the previous
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof Llic resolution was agreed to? there
being—ayes 87, noes 20.
Mr. BING1IAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
J'fcJNblOXrt 10 SOLDIERS OA 1R12.
Mr. MILLER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution, on which he
demanded the jn'evious question :
Whereas on the 22d ot January last a bill entitled
" A bill to mant pens-ions lo soldiers of the war of
1812 with Groat Britain,''was referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pen-ions, on which no report has
yet been made; and whereas tho bill provides for
giving pensions only to those who arein indigenteir-
eum-stances; and as many of these old soldiers are
now in abject poverty; and inasmuch as it is due to
them sis well a <3 the credit ofthe country that speedy
action should be taken thereon: Therefore,
UcHolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and are hereby, requested to repoitsaid bill with
an ailinnative leeonnuendation with as little delay
as possible.
Mr. 1'ERHAM. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not bo seconded. That committee
have a report ready on this subject, and have
been wailing for some time an opportunity to
present it. I have no doubt that the report
will be presented next Friday, when the com-
mittee will be called.
Mr. MILLER. Very well; I am willing
that the resolution shall lie over till next Fri-
day.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the resolution will lie over informally.
There was no objection.
american citizens imprisoned in ireland.
Mr. ANCONA, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Whereas it is alleged that peacea.ble citizens of the
United States, cngacced in no unlawful act, havobeen
arrested and arc hold as prisoners by theBritisli Gov-
ernment in Ireland: Therefore,
Be it r^oherf, That tho President of the United
States be requested to inform this lfouse, if not in-
compatible with the public interest, what informa-
tion he may have as to such a) rests, and what steps,
if any, have been taken to protect such persons in
their rights as citizens ofthe United States.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for
executive information, unanimous consent is
necessary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered and agreed to.
mileage ox' members.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to submit tho following resolution, of which I
gave notice on last Saturday:
Resolved, That the Committee on Mileage be di-
rected to examine and report what discrepancy, if
any, th ere was between the amount of mileageel aimed
by members and the amount allowodby thoMileago
Committee of tho Thirty-Eighth Congress, and that
the Mileage Coinmitteo of this House be directed ill
no case to allow more mileage to any member than
is claimed by him.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 move that the rules be
suspended.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
58, noes 20; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers under the
rule; and appointed Mr. Garfield and Mr.
Humphrey.
The House was again divided; and tho tell-
ers reported—ayes 58, noes 26; no quorum
voting.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the House takes no
interest in tho matter I withdraw my resolu-
tion.
mokmno iioue op saturday.
Mr. MORRILL, by unanimous consent,
moved that the morning hour of Saturday be
set apart for the consideration of bills of a
public nature.
The motion was agreed to.
reconstruction.
The House then resumed, as the special
order, the consideration of bill of the House
No. 543, to restore to the States lately in rebel-
lion their full political rights, upon which Mr.
haymoxd was entitled to the floor.
Mr. RAYMOND^ -Mr. Speaker, t regard
the action which this House may take upon
the bill now before it as of very great impor-
tance. The bill embodies principles which
touch very nearly the fundamental principles
of our Government; and it proposes measures
which must affect in a very serious manner the
peace and welfare of the country. I venture,
to hope, sir, that every member of this House
will bring to its consideration a mind unbiased
by prejudice and uninfluenced by passion, and
that he will act upon it with sole and exclusive
reference to its probable effect upon the pros-
perity and welfare of our common country. I
know how dillicult it is to withstand the influ-
ence of habit and association, personal and
political, upon our action here; but if there
ever was an occasion when it was incumbent
upon each one of us to do all in our power
thus to emancipate ourselves from undue and
improper influences, I think, sir, that occasion
is offered by the bill which now awaits our
action.
When this Congress mot, sir, now seven
months ago, the war against the rebellion had
been closed for half a year. The President of
the United States, exercising what he believed
to be his rightful authority as the chief Execu-
tive ofthe nation and Commander-in-Chief of
its armies, had set in motion the machinery of
government in the States where it had been
suspended by rebellion, had appointed provis-
ional governors, by whom, under his authority,
conventions and Legislatures were summoned,
elections were held, and those governors, Legis-
latures, and conventions took steps to bring the
States back to their normal condition, so fur
as exercising the power of self-government was
concerned. When wo met in December last
but little remained to be done to complete the
work of restoration. The temper of the peo-
ple in the southern States was that of submis-
sion and loyal acquiescence in the results of
the war. All that remained was to heal the
wounds the war had made and embody in
proper form the principles it had established.
At an early day ofthe session, as early as was
proper and convenient, I stated, in the courso
