1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2281
to arise after our adjournment, of the removal
of every man unless he will become a fawner
to thfe Administration, a supple tool of the
Administration, and unless he will promise his
support'to it. I say that is corrupting.
if it is known in this country that no man,
when once in office, can bo removed except by
impeachment in this body, or by a vote of this
body, then there will be a sense of independ-
ence and security that will enable each and
every man in this broad land to feel that he is
pot dependent on the one-man power. We
"shall have better officers in consequence of it.
We shall have men who feel that they can dis-
charge their duties free and independent of the
power of the Executive to remove them with-
out consultation with any other branch of llic
Government.
Why, Mr. President, this power has become
alarming in this country. It is high time that
Senators should consider it. I do not allude
to it simply because I differ with the President
now, for that difference has not carried me, 1
think, beyond prudence or discretion. I do
differ with the President. I would that that
difference did not exist. I have* not carried
that difference beyond this Senate Chamber.
I have Said nothing against his course of con-
duct, though I think much may be said acainst
it. If this power is to bo loft in the hands, not
only of the present Executive, but for all time
to,come, in the hands of other Executives,
when there are such a large number of offices
to be filled, and such a large number of officers
tiOw holding positions under the Government,
and it is known that the Executive can control
them free of any let or hinderance on the part
of any other department of the Government.,
I say it. confers upon him a power that is dan-
gerous to the liberties of this country.
I do not apprehend that anything of the sort
would be undertaken, but I see that the news-
papers throughout this country now are ad\ is-
ingthe President of the United States to expel
this body from their places, to act the Crom-
well and drive us out.
Mr. HOWARD. You mean the rebel news-
papers.
Mr. HENDERSON. I took up a western
•paper the other day—I will not name the paper
—in which the advice was given boldly and
freely to tlws President, and the people were
called upon to sustain the President, to march
into this body and drive us out. It has been
suggested in various other quarters. I think
my friend from Kentucky [Mr. Davis] sug-
gested, even upon the floor of this body, that
the President might control this Congress if
ho chose so to do; that he could recognize
the southern Senators who are waiting: for
admission, and call upon the minority of this
body to join with them, and then send his com-
munications to the new Senate.
Mr. DAVIS, if the honorable Senator will
permit me I will state what 1 did say, and
what I now believe.
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly.
Mr. DAVIS. It is made the duty of the
President by the Constitution to communi-
cate to Congress and from time to time rec-
ommend for its consideration such measures
as ho shall deem proper. The position I as-
sumed was, that before the President could exer-
cise^ that office he would have to ascertain what
bodies of men constituted the Congress : that
if there were four bodies of men—that, was the
case which I put—two of them contending they
werethe Senate and the other two bodies con-
tending tliey were the House of Representa-
tives, the President must necessarily decide
which body constituted the House and which
body constituted the Senate; that it was a
necessity, and that it was his plain, consti-
tutional prerogative and right to determine,
under such a state of things as that, which was
the true Senate and which was the true House.
I furthermore stated that if the southern mem-
bers were to get together with a number of
the other members of the two Houses, and
they in the aggregate constituted a majority
of the two Houses, the President had the con-
stitutional function and right to decide whether
they did or not, and if he chose to recognize
them as the two Houses of Congress that con-
stituted a regular, legal, and constitutional
Congress. That is still my opinion.
Mr. HOWARD. Then the Congress depends
on the will of the President.
Mr. DAVIS. I furthermore stated that it
was the province of the two Houses of Con-
gress to judge exclusively each for itself as to
the elections, qualifications, and returns of its
members ; that over those questions the Pres-
ident had no jurisdiction or control ; but at
the same time, if members contending for
seats wcro to get together in such numbers as
to constitute a majority of the two Houses,
the President had the right to recognize theui
as the Congress. I say so still. That is my
opinion, my belief.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator from
Kentucky allow mc to ask him a question?
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. In what part of the Con-
stitution does he derive this power which ho
claims for the President of deciding which is
the true Congress and which the contrary?
Mr. DAVIS. Ihavejuststatedfromwhence
I derive the power. 1 will read -it. Here is
the section:
"IIo shall from time to timo give to Congress"' 
Mr. HENDERSON. I was waiting on the
Senator from Kentucky to state his views iti
regard to this double Congress, and if he is
through with that I propose going on.
Mr. HOWARD. It' the Senator from Mis-
souri will allow me one moment, it is owing,
perhaps, to my fault, that the Senator from
Kentucky is occupying his time atthis moment.
L asked him for the warrant which he finds in
the Constitution for the President of the United
States to recognize the right Congiess and
reject the wrong Congress. 1 was veiy anxious
to see the grant of power to the President, of
the United Stages to draw such a distinction. •
Mr. HENDERSON. Certainly; I ask par-
don for interfering.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mi-. Clakk
in the chair.) Does the Senator yield further?
Mr. HENDERSON. Cert.uufy.
Mr. DAVIS. I had lost sight of the Sena-
tor from Missouri in replying to the interroga-
tory of the Senator from Michigan. Tins was
the authority upon which I relied as to the
duties of the President :
" Ue plifill, from time to finio. frivo to 0onyre^s
infoimation of the state of the Union, an<l reeom-
mend 1 o their consideration mi< h measure;, as lie ^hall
jud^c neces.-.a-iy ami expedient."
Now, before the President can recommend
to Congiess such measures as he may judge
accessary ami expedient., it results as a matter
of necessity that he must ascertain what body
of men constitute the Congress. The ease I
put was this: suppose a portion of the pres-
ent Senate were to get together, and they were
to receive the Senators claiming to bp elected
from the southern States, and they should
organize as a Senate, and the Republican mem-
bers of the Senate should make a separate
organization, there would then bo two organ-
ized bodies of men, each claiming to bo the
Senate of the United States. I said the Pres-
ident. would have the constitutional power to
say which ho would rceognize as the Senate ;
and that was the whole of my proposition. I
admitted ^however, at the same time, that the
President would have 110 power whatever in
deciding the question as to the elections, re-
turns, or qualifications of any member of either
body; that those quesi ions would have to be
decided by each bianch of Congress for itself
and not by a committee of fifteen.
Mr. ANTHONY. 1 wish to ask mv friend
from Kentucky a question, if he will allow me
to do so.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly.
Mr. ANTHONY. I "listened, as we all did,
with a good deal of attention and surprise to
the speech which he is now explaining, and
I looked for it in the Congressional Globe, but
haye never seen it, and I wish to know if it is
the fault of the reporters of the Globo that it
has not been printed, and if not, whoso fault
it is.  
Mr. DAVIS. It is my fault, but it will be
printed in due time.
Mr. ANTHONY. I think that the practice
of making speeches and then suppressing them
in the Globo, thereby making those who reply
to them appear very ridiculous, and their re-
marks very inconsequential, ought to be stopped
in some way or other. I do not understand
what right the proprietors of the Congressional
Globe, or the reporters of the Congressional
Globe, have to omit any speech that has been
made. 1 am told—perhaps I am mistaken—
that speeches have been made licre in previous
sessions which have never been printed and
never gone into the Globe at all. I do
liotlniow that there is any law or any rule
against the practice, but I think there ought to
be one. I think the reporters of the Congres-
sional Globe are bound to print what is said
here, and to print it within a reasonable time;
and f give noticc that, unless that is done, I
shall feel justified in opposing the appropriation
for the payment of the Congressional Globe.
They agree to publish those speeches; tlicy do
not doit; and if it. is their fault, then 1 think they
ought not to bo paid. If it is not their fault,
t.hen I think the reporters ought to be protected
in such a way as that they shall have no discre-
tion in the matter. Of course, if a Senator
comes and desires to have his remarks sup-
pressed, it is hardly possible for the reporters
to refuse, but I think they should be protected
from the exercise of any discretion in the
matter.
Mr. D00I.1TTEE. I desire, as wp have
got entirely from the question at issue, to move
an adjournment; and 1 make that motion.
Mr. I10WA l!D. I hope not.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the honorable Senator
permit me to say a word of explanation upon
the suggestions of the Senator from Rhode
Island?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn; and that
motion is not debatable.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope we shall not
ad)oum.
The PRESIDING OFFICER put the ques-
tion, and declared that the noes appeared to
have it.
Mr. DOOTTTTLE. I ask for a division.
Mr. DAVIS. I should like to say a single
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
is dividing.
Mr. ANTHONY. Tt is very unfair to
adjourn when a Senator desires to make a
pe: sonal explanation.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is your opinion.
Mr. ANTHONY. Yes, sir; that is my
opinion.
The Senate refused to adjourn, there being,
on a division—ayes six, noes not counted.
Mr. DOOLITf LE. f beg to say to the Sen-
ator from Kentucky that I did not desire to
show any discourtesy to him in making the
motion to adjourn.
Mr. DAViS. I am fully aware of that.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. But we are entirely
away from the question, and it is now almost
five o'clock.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President 
Mr. HOWARD. Perhaps (he Senator from
Kentucky will yield to uie for half a minute.
Mr. DAVIS. I want to make my personal
explanation in reply to the Senator from Rhode
Island.
Mr. HOWARD. What I wanted to do, if
the Senator from Kentucky will permit me, is
to send to the Chair  „ ,,
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Kentucky yield the floor r
The PRESIDING0OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky is entitled to the floor.
