4202
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 26,
Mr. HOLMES. I move the following amend-
ments :
Strike out sections one and two and insert the fol-
lowing in lieu thereof:
Section 1. Beit enacted £?/ the Senate tmd House of
TieryrcseiUativcs of the United States of America in Con-
gress assembled, That the right of way through the
publ io lands be, and the same is hereby, granted to the
Stockton and Copperopol is Railroad Company, a cor-
poration organized undcrthelaws of theState of Cal-
ifornia, its successors and assigns, for the construction
of a railroad from the city of Stockton to the town of
Copperopolis.in the State of California, by the most
feasible route,to be selected by said company; and
the right is hereby given to said company to take
from the public lands adjacent to the lino of saidroad
material for the construction thereof. Said right of
way is granted to said company to the extent of
one hundred feet in width on each side of said road
where it may pass through the public domain: also
all necessary ground for station, buildings, workshops,
depots, machine-shops, switches, side-tracks, turn-
tables, and water stations: Provided, That all the
rights conferred upon said railroad company by this
act are made upon the express condition that said
company shall first be designated by the Legislature
of theStateof California as the company to bo vested
with the rights, privileges, franchises, and grantsere-
ated or conferred by this act.
Section three,linn four, after the word "railroad"
insert tho following: "upon the conditions presented
in section one of this act;" and in lines seven and
eight strike out "ten miles" and insert "five alter-
nate sections."
Section lour, line nine, after the word "lands" in-
sert "hereinbefore granted;" and at the end of tho
section add the following: "tho services of said com-
missioners under this act shall be paid for by said
company."
Section six, at tho end of the section add the fol-
lowing : "and tho sections and parts of sections which
shall remain in the United States within ten miles
of said railroad on each side thereof shall not be sold
for less than $2 50 per acre."
Section seven, at the end of the section add the fol-
lowing: "and upon a. failure of saiil company to com-
ply with either of said conditions tho lands then un-
patented to said company shall rovert to the United
States."
Atthc end of section nine add the following: "and
all troops and munitions of war of tho United States
shall bo transported over said railroad frco of all ex-
pense or oliargo to the Government therefor when-
ever tho same shall bo required by the (Government
of tho United States."
Section ten, at tho end of tho section add tho fol-
lowing: "and filed in tho offico of the Secretary of
tho Interior."
Section twelve, lino one, after tho word " that"
strike out all down to and including tho word "pur-
poses," in lino six.
Chango tho number of sections so as to correspond
with the amended bill, andnumber from one to twolve,
inclusive.
Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire whether
those amendments have been printed?
'Die SPEAKER. They have not.
Mr. 1110BY. I have hut a few words to say
upon this subject. As I stated in tho outset,
tho bill has been made to conform almost pre-
cisely to the Polsom and Placcrville railroad
bill which passed the House the other day, with
tho exception that there is only one half of the
land granted in this bill that was granted in
that. All the guards and restrictions of that
bill have been placed upon this by the amend-
ments which have been read.
Mr. DAWES. Is this the other half of the
lands they did not take last night?
Mr. 1I10BY. No, sir; it is not.
Mr. DAWES. Let us know where the other
half goes.
Mr. HIGBY, This road is forty miles long.
Mr. CONKLING. And how wide?
Mr. HIGBY. For the first twenty miles of
the road they can get one half the land within
the width granted, and on the other twenty
m iles they can get two thirds or three quarters.
But I will not occupy tho time of the House
furl her, and unless some one desires to ask a
question, 1 will call the previous question.
Mr. CONKLING. I will inquire whether
there is any reason for pressing the passage of
this bill now.
Mr. HIGBY. Simply this reason: this bill
come from the Senate yesterday; and, for the
sake of having it passed now, I had the Com-
mittee on Public Lands take the bill that
passed the other day, and conform this bill to
it precisely, with the exception that this bill
gives only one half the amount of land.
Mr. OONKLLNTr. 1 understand there has
been no meeting of that committee, but that a
majority of the individual members of the com-
mittee concur in the amendments.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman [Mr. Holmes]
says he has consulted a majority of the mem-
bers of the committee, and that they concur
in the amendments.
Mr. CONKLING. But that is not a par-
liamentary or competent committee for that
purpose.
I wish to say that I would vote for a bill of
this sort upon the statement of my colleague,
who offered these amendments, [Mr. Holmes,]
as soon as I would vote for any such bill under
circumstances like these, where I have not had
an opportunity to examine it myself. Knowing
him, as I do, I take his statement and assur-
ance upon this subject as the highest evidence
that the bill is a proper one, without^ an op-
portunity myself to examine it, or having him
and his committee examine it with more delib-
eration ; and yet I submit to tho gentleman
that a bill of this magnitude ought not to pass
in this way, at this stage of the session, the
amendments never having been printed, we
never having had an opportunity to see them,
and when nothing will be lost by having the bill
passed over, the amendments printed, exam-
ined and reported upon, and deliberately passed,
if passed at all. I do not want to interfere
with the bill, but I appeal to the gentleman to
allow somebody not inimical to the bill to move
that it be postponed until the next session that
we may consider it with some deliberation. I
think 1 am not mistaken that the temper of the
House is not favorable to passing the bill in
this way, upon manuscript and unprinted copy;
and if the gentleman will allow me I will make
the motion.
Mr. IIIGBY. The gentleman can make the
motion after I yield the floor.
Mr. CONKLING. I cannot do it if the gen-
tleman demands the previous question.
Mr. HIGBY. I call the previous question.
_ Mr. CONKLING. Then I move to lay the
bill upon tho table in order to take the sense
of the House.
Mr. IIIGBY demanded the yeas and nays,
and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers wore refused.
Tho yeas and nays were refused.
The motion was then agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was laid on the table ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
san francisco and humboldt bay railroad.
The next business upon the Speaker's table
was tho amendment reported from the Com-
mittee on Public Lands to the bill of the Sen-
ate No. 133, granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the waters of the bay of San Francisco to Hum-
boldt bay, in the State of California ; from the
consideration of which bill the Committee on
Public Lands had been discharged, and the
bill and amendment ordered to lie on the table.
The amendments were read.
Mr. McUUER. I regret to see this evening
a disposition to lay these bills on the table.
There has not been a more meritorious rail-
road bill presented this session of Congress
than that presented by my colleague, and which
lias jiwk been summarily disposed of. I wish
to say in regard to the bill now before the
House, that it was passed by the Senate last
February, that it came here and was referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and this
has been the first opportunity presented to con-
sider it. It provides for the construction of a
road two hundred and fifty miles long through
what is known as the coast range of California.
For that two hundred and fifty miles along the
coast there is not a navigable river. The land
is to a great extent mountainous, and, without
a railroad, comparatively valueless. For the
first seventy miles the land of an agricultural
character has been entirely taken up, and there
is an absolute necessity for having some chan-
nel of communication with the waters of the
bay of Sun Francisco if we expect that region
of country to be settled and occupied. To-day
that land is worth scarcely anything. Construct
a railroad through it and the alternate sections
of the public lands which are reserved by the
Government will be worth four times as much
as the whole land is worth or ever will be worth
without it. This will be an expensive road to
build, and if there is any reason for granting
aid by the donation of public lands to aid in
the construction of any road this is as meri-
torious a road as any for which lands'have ever
been granted.
It seems to be the opinion of Congress that
California comes here asking immense dona-
tions. These railroad grants are not dona-
tions, for the Government and the nation are
benefited by every section of land that will aid
in constructing the road. The alternate sec-
tions will be worth four, five, yea, ten times,
in many cases, what the whole country is
worth without the road. We have no channels
of communication there ; we have no navigable
rivers flowing to the ocean between the bay of
San Franciseo and the Columbia river; and it
is necessary, in order that these lands may be
made valuable, that we have some communi-
cation to tide-water and to a market.
Now, sir, I hope this bill will receive the
favorable consideration of the House ; and I
move the previous question.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman to
allow me to make a remark.
Mr. McTJUER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to say a word
about this bill, without the slightest reference
to its merits. This maybe a very proper grant,
the purpose, to be attained may be of infinite
importance or absolutely necessary—and I
make no issue upon that—but I submit to the
House, as I did in regard to the other bill, that
at this stage of the session the proposition to
pass such a bill is not fortunate. The substi-
tute offered has not'been printed, and we can-
not see and examine it at all; and without its
being printed we cannot comprehend the mag-
nitude of this proposition. What is it? It is
to grant a State—a State nearly as large as
Massachusetts—for the purpose of construct-
ing a railroad. It grants twenty square miles
of land for every square mile of the road, as I
make it, which amounts to five thousand square
miles, a State almost as large as the State of
Massachusetts, which T believe contains six
thousand and some hundred square miles.
Now, consider the magnitude of that propo-
sition, and then think of our sitting here the
last night but one of the session and, without
the bill being printed, aud under the operation
of the previous question, without the opportu-
nity afforded of deliberate consideration of this
measure, passing upon a bill of the magnitude
of this.
As I said before, it is an ungracious thing to
interpose, and I do not intend my interference
to be special in the case of land grants to this
particular State; but I say with regard to all
measures as important as this, which come here
in the form of bills which have not been printed,
that they may be passed over without harm to
anybody; and I shall raise my voice, feeble as
it may be, against any final action at this stage
of the session. All I ask of the gentleman is
to allow me, or somebody not in hostility to
the bill, to make a motion that it be postponed
until next session.
Mr. McRUEE._ I must take the sense of the
House on seconding the demand for the pre-
vious question; but before doing so I wish to say
one word in reply to the gentleman from New
York. He objects because the amendment has
not been printed. Sir, it is not usual to have
amendments brought in by committees printed.
This bill has been upon the files of the House
for five months. It has been considered by the
appropriate committee, and unanimously re-
ported by them with a recommendation that if
do pass. It has received ample and full con-
sideration, and this House is usually governed
by the recommendation of its standing com-
mittees in matters of this sort. It is not pre-
