1322
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
we are bound hand and foot, bound financially,
bound materially, bound in every form, and in
every way to prevent us from rem'oving the
dead lock which has been for the last fifty years,
and which still continues, upon our material,
commercial, and manufacturing industry.
Look at the interest which the manufacturer
or the trader in this country pays. As a gen-
eral thing it is about ten per cent. The rate
of interest abroad is three per cent. The in-
terest upon the cost of every product that is
consumed, that is removed, that is transported,
upon wliieh we trade, is three times as much in
this country as it is in England. IIow can we
carry out the principles of free trade upon that
system? What has caused this difference in
interest? Why is it that wo have not as much
capital in this country us they have in England
or Franco or Germany? The reason is plain
and well understood. Our system has curried
away all our securities both national and State,
and has brought back goods that wo have con-
sumed and that we have nothing to show for.
It has boon said that the inflation of our cur-
rency has caused prices to advance. This is
a part of the war upon the industry of the peo-
ple that is now applied to the currency of the
country and to the banking interest of the coun-
try. X contend that the increase of prices is
due to demand and supply and not to any in-
flation of the currency. The currency is the
slave of prices, and not prices the slave of'
the currency. 1 contend that the system now
being pursued at the Treasury Department in
reducing the price of gold and restricting the
amount, of currency has a tendency and in ef-
fect restricts trade, reduces capital, increases
interest, and affects injuriously every blanch
of American industry ; and i will explain it.
Tn former times, an adventures of $5,000
would be paid in a note of sixty or ninety
days, four mouths, six mouths, eight, months,
or twelve months, in aecordauco with the
limes, in accordance with the condition of
the trade and industry of the country. To-day
that, $5,0(11) is paid for in greenbacks. In one
case, an individual was under obligation for
the note; that note was again used in trade in
the purchasing of an article of trade, anil the
individual who received it became security for
it, and ho was indebted to the same amount,
and the indebtedness before the amount was
paid would be piled up in accordance with the
number of individuals who had used this note
in the adventure they had engaged in. If ten
men had been engaged in it, there would be an
indebtedness ot !;i50,000. As the case is now,
with plenty of currency, then! is no indebt-
edness. and the y.10,000 is paid for when it
becomes due in $5,000. A decrease in the cur-
rency can ies us back to the old system of cred-
its for six, twelve, eighteen, and tweuty-four
months. An increase of the cui roncy places
everything upon a, cash basis, lessens tho do
mand for money because there is more of it,
and in the cad enables us to compete with
foreigners upon the same basis, upon the basis
of easy money markets, which is the blood that
carries on the trading system of the world.
'J he bill before the Semite, Mr. President,
has for its object the extension of the time
within which merchandise may be withdrawn
fi'oiu the bonded warehouses l'or consumption,
and if they arc not withdrawn after a certain
time ten per cent, additional duties are, to lie
levied and assessed upon them. I desire to
read for the information of the Senate a sec-
tion of the iaw approved July -1, IsiW, on this
subject, in these words:
"That tho privilege ef purchasinp: supplies from
the public v.-iirchoui-e*, <lut.\ tree, be extended muter
,°ueh regulations ;>s Ihe .Secretary of the Treasury
fchali pi'cseribe fo the ve?sels-ot-war et any nation in
poits of tho Lnitod States which nuiv reciprocate
suchpj ivilogotoward the v<v:.m.L ot v, arof the United
states in its ports."
hir, while the country was engaged in a war
for its lite : while the people were engaged in
a war for the establishment of the principles
°' 11 bee Government and of popular liberty:
while they were engaged in removing the mo-
nopoly that slavery had fastened upon the in-
dustry and political system of the country;
while tho foreign allies of the rebels were on
the brink of acknowledging the independence
of the southern confederacy; and while the
capitals of London and Paris swarmed with
traitors who were negotiating arrangements to
bring about that recognition; while all this
was being carried on there was engrafted upon
your statute-book a provision to enable these
same Powers to obtain their supplies in this
country easier and cheaper than before. If
there is anything that would make me oppose the
further extension of the privileges demanded
by the movers of this proposition, it is that
while the country was engaged in the great
work which they have successfully accom-
plished there should be found within the coun-
try elements that work to strengthen the hands
of our outside enemies; for thebonefitofwhoin ?
Of tho few engaged in endeavoring to carrv
into effect tho ideas of the bill which is before
yon. During the last war with Great Britain
there were individuals upon Long Island and
the main land who furnished fresh meat and
provisions to the enemy then blockading our
ports, upon the excuse that unless they were
furnished they would bo taken by the enemy.
Perhaps that might have been a fact. The
excuse that, they gave, in my opinion, was far
better and far wiser than tho one that is given,
if you study the section of the act approved
July 1-1, 1K02, to which i have referred.
1 have been alarmed while sitting quietly in
my seat in the Senate to witness propositions
coming from this same quarter and presented
by honorable Senators as petitions to this Sen-
ate, and among them my honorable friend from
Illinois [Mr. Tiui.MiiiLrj has been particularly
singled out as the medium through whom these
communications should be presented. I have
been surprised that they should select for that
purpose tho representative of the State of Illi-
nois. The market for tho products of Illinois
is found in tho East. Illinois supplies nearly
one half the population of my own State, the
products of the soil of Illinois coining directly
to be consumed by the inhabitants of Rhode
Island. If the policy of the communications
lie presents 1o the Senate is to prevail, the
market that he now finds for tho products of
Illinois in the State of Rhode Island must of
necessity cease.
I have endeavored to trace out as far as I
could who are the supporters of this measure.
It is well known who are those who support it
strenuously in Congress, lint, sir, 1 have en-
deavored, as far as I could with tho limited
time and limited means at my command, to
inform myself that 1 might inform the Senate
as to what, class of men and what class of in-
terests have forced this measure from the time
of its inception until the present moment upon
Ihe attention of the legislation of the country.
1 have come to the conclusion that it comes
from a society of men organized in tho city of
New York, from the Chamber of Commerce of
Now York, whose advice ingrafted upon you
a system of the character of that which is be-
fore the Senate. England had her Norths, her
llutchinsons, and her Rarnards, whose policy
was persisted in and sustained by the then Par-
liament, of England, and lost the Government
of England the then colonics of America. A
few men at the South brought on the rebellion
aiH^sueceedcd in prosecuting a destructive war
ot four years^ to sustain slavery. When any
great mischief is accomplished there are always
a few men who arc at the foundation of it, who
unite the people, and the result is, that instead
ot they being alone injured by the consequences
of their act, their country and its interests are
destroyed by their means.
1 do not know but it may be for the interest
of legislation and of tho country that it should
receive its policy from the Chamber of Com-
merce of the city of New York; but, sir, if we
avo to be guided by any of the transactions of
that eiiy, if we are to take as our guide the
policy that they would have us carry into ef-
fect, wo ii: ii ■; t look to see how far wo may bo
guided by the examples which they have fur-
nished us as to such proceedings. The city of
New York to-day, as I understand, in its legis-
lation, in its common council, and in its board
of aldermen, is controlled by the Legislature
of the State of New Y'ork. The government
of the State of New York furnishes the city of
New York its police, its health commissioners,
and is every day restraining, regnlating, and
controlling the measures of that great city.
The people of the country are not willing, as I
understand, to take the politics of the city of
New Y'ork as their guide for the government
of this country.
It has been within my experience that when
the financial system of that great city prevailed
tho policy adopted by those who controlled that
system affected the commerce and trade of the
whole country. It was in their power to pro-
duce panics, to produce an easy or a tight money
market, in fact to regulate and control the finan-
cial concerns of the whole country. They held
this power at the beginning of the war. If no
other gain has been obtained in the past four
years, in my judgment, the emancipation of tho
"trade and industry of tho country from the
grasp of the monetary power of the banks of
New Y'ork has been agreatgain. The national
banking system swallowed up the banking sys-
tem of New York, and now holds it powerless
for mischief. It remains for those who have
charge of tho system to see to it that the same
injurious effects, brought about by the worst of
management, shallnot atfectyonr national bank-
ing system, but that, it will avoid the rock upon
which tho banks of New York split in regulat-
ing the industries of the country.
If you will not take the banking system of
New Yoik for your guide in financial affairs,
if you will not take its political system as a
guide for your political action, and if you will
repudiate all the measures that conic from that
great city and will not consent that they shall
be a part of your system, then I contend that
tho proposition before this body to continue a
system that comes alone from a few who oc-
cupy the position of importers and those en-
gaged in foreign commerce shall not prevail
to an extent that affects unfavorably the whole
infernal industry and the whole internal com-
merce of this great country. Is there not a
word to bo offered in favor of that great inter-
nal commerce and that great internal trade?
Must tUfc whole attention of the country, as u
has been during the past four years by special
acts of legislation, bo devoted to one interest,
while we are engaged now in making an effort
to equalize the dilfcrence in taxation so that
the burdens which arc now upon the industry
of the country may be to some extent removed ;
and while men differ as to the policy that shall
prevail, shall this system receive special atten-
tion and be forced through Congress without
consideration and without discussion?
Mr. President, during a recent visit of the
American minister at St. Petersburg to Mos-
cow, the question as to the industry of the re-
spective countries was discussed by him and
tho merchants of Moscow 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
ot the Chair to call up the special order for one
o'clock, which is Senate bill No. 74, for the
admission of Colorado into the Union.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone the
special order and all prior orders that we may
proceed with this question and have a vote
upon it.
Mr. STEWART. How long will it take?
Mr. RAMSEY. ^ If that motion should be
agreed to, when will tho Colorado bill come
up ?
Mr. CONNESS. The Colorado bill will
come up immediately afterward.
, The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that that special order and all other
orders be postponed in order to proceed with
the discussion of the bill on which the Senator,
from Rhode Island is now on the floor.
Mr. STEWART. Why not postpone the
Colorado bill until two o'clock, so that it will
not lose its placo ?
