2282
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
Mr. HOWARD. I only wish to send to the
Chair a portion of the speech of the Senator
from Kentucky as reported by the official re-
porter in order that the Senator may know
exactly what he did say on that occasion.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that will be read.
Mr. DAVIS. I was about to say a word in
relation to the practice of publishing speeches
some time after they are delivered. I under-
stand that the whole Appendix of the Globe
is made up of speeches that are published some
considerable time, more or less, after the time
of their delivery. I have met with speeches
that were published weeks and months after
the day of their delivery, in the Appendix to
the Globe. It was only in conformity to that
practice that I was acting. The report of my
speech was sent to me and I answered in reply
that at my leisure I would revise it and would
have it published in the Appendix to the Globe.
That is all I liave to say in relation to the prac-
tice of other members of the Senate and in
relation to what I did as to that particular
speech.
Mr. ANTHONY. There have been some
speeches—I do not mean to say speeches of
the Senator from Kentucky—but there have
been speeches delivered here that have never
been printed in the Globe at all; that have
been suppressed entirely. That is a practice
to which I wish to call the attention of the
Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I now send to the Clerk
to be read a portion of the speech made by
the honorable Senator from Kentucky on the
occasion to which he has referred. I wish
that it may go into the report of our proceed-
ings.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
read if there be no objection.
Mr. DOOLtTTLE. Noiv that we have got
through with the personal explanation, 1 renew
the motion to adjourn.
Several Sexatous. Oh, no; let us have
that read.
Mr. POOLITTLE. Very well; but J give
notice that 1 shall renew the motion after the
paper has been read.
The PRES1 DING OFFICER. The report
will be read, if there bo no objection. The
Chair hears no objection.
The Secretary read as follows:
" Here, sir, is a provision in the Constitution which
requires tho President to communicate to the two
Houses of Congress information as to tho state of the
Union, and to recommend to them such measures as
ho shall doom proper and expedient. "What does
this require him to do ? lie has to ascertain "who
co.nnorio the two Houses of Congress. It is his right,
it is his constitutional function to ascertain who con-
stitute tile two Houses of Congress. The members
of the Senate who arc in favor of the admission of
the southern Senators could get into a conclave with
those southern Senators any day, and they would
constitute a luajoiity of the Senate. The President
of tho United States has the constitutional option, it
is his function, it is his power, it is his right, and I
would advise him to exercise it at any day, to ascer-
tain. whero there arc different bodies, meinbe.s of
the Senate contending, which is the truo Senato. If
the southern members and those who are for admit-
ting thorn to their seats, constitute a majority of tho
whole Senate, the President has aright—and by the
Kternathc ou:;ht in exercise that right—forthwith,
to-morrow, or any day, to recognize the Opposition
hero and the southern members of the Senato as a
majority of the whole body."
Mr. DAVIS. That is my principle still. I
maintain that that is the true principle of the
Constitution.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable Senator
from Kentucky says that that is his principle
still. I confess I regret very much to hear him
make such an announcement. I pronounce
that principle to be revolutionary, unconstitu-
tional, and treasonable. I now move that we
adjourn.
Mr. D AVIS. I wholly dissent from the posi-
tion of tho honorable Senator. It is neither
revolutionary, nor unconstitutional, nor trea-
sonable.
The PREolDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, April 30, 1806.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated as the first' business
in order the calling of the States and Territo-
ries for bills and joint resolutions on leave, to be
referred to the appropriate committees and not
to be brought back on a motion to reconsider,
commencing with the State of Maine.
state and national banks.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill grant-
ing further time and facilities for the conver-
sion of State banks into national banks; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency.
skamania county, washington territory.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, also introduced a bill
to disapprove of the act of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory of Washington, enti-
tled "An act in relation to Skamania county,"
approved January 14, 18G5; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
horace x. hodges.
Mr. DAWES introduced a bill for tho relief
of the heirs of Horace I. Hodges; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee of Claims.
william jones.
Mr. COFFROTH introduced a bill granting
a pension to William Jones; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
railroad connections with washington.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a bill to pro-
mote the construction of a line of railroads
between the city of Washington and the North-
west for national purposes; which was read a
first and sccond time, referred to the select
committee on a military and postal railroad
from Washington to New York, and ordered
to be printed.
bridge across the cuyahoga.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a joint resolu-
tion for the construction of a railroad bridge
across the Cuyahoga river over and upon the
Government piers at Cleveland, Ohio ; which
was road a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
william watkins.
Mr. GRIDER introduced a bill for the ben-
efit of William Watkins; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
john munn.
Mr. NEWELL introduced a bill for the re-
lief of Jolin Munn; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee
of Claims.
wagon road in montana.
Mr. SMITH introduced a bill to aid in the
construction of a wagon road in the Territory
of Montana; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
tennessee.
Mr. KUYKENDALL introduced a joint
resolution declaring the constitutional rela-
tions of the State of Tennessee restored to
practical relations with the United States;
which was road a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
john a. "whitall.
Mr. BEAMAN introduced a bill for the re-
lief of the legal representatives of Major John
A. Whitall, late paymaster in the United
States Army, on account of loss of stolen
vouchers; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
railroad in iowa.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, introduced a bill
to amend an act entitled "An act for a grant of
lands to the State of Iowa, in alternate sections,
to aid in the construction of a railroad in said
State," approved May 12, 1804; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
rev. p. a. conwell.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a bill for the relief
of Rev. P. A. Conwell, of Minnesota; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee of Claims.
sioux reservation, minnesota.
Mr. WINDOM also introduced a joint reso-
lution for the relief of certain settlers on the
Sioux reservation, in the State of Minnesota;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
samuel donnica.
Mr. HENDERSON introduced a bill for the
relief of Samuel Donnica; which was read a
first and secotnd time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
kansas and neosiio valley railroad.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, introduced a bill
granting lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of the Kansas and Neosho
Valley railroad and its extension to the Red
river; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
internal revenue.
Mr. ANCONA introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to provide internal
revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses," approved June SO, 18G4, and the act
amendatory thereof, approved March 3, 1865;
which was read a first and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Ways and Means.
railroad from pittsburg to cleveland.
Mr. GARFIELD introduced a bill to pro-
mote the construction of a line of railroad
from Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to Cleveland,
Ohio; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the select commit! ee on a military
and postal railroad, and ordered to be printed.
trial of jefferson dayis.
The SPEAKER. The next business in order
is the call of States and Territories for resolu-
tions, and under this call the first question is
upon a resolution of the gentleman from In-
diana, [Mr. Julian.] On last Monday morn-
ing the House refused to second the demand
for .the previous question, and debate arising,
the resolution we'nt over until to-day. The
resolution is now debatable under the rules.
The resolution was read, as follows:
Resolved. As the deliberate judgment of this House,
that the speedy trial of Jefferson Davis, either by a
civit or military tribunal, for the crime of treason or
the other crimes of which he stands charged, and his
prompt execution, if found guilty, are imperatively
demanded by the people of the United Statcsin order
that treason may be adequately branded by the n ation,
traitors made infamous, and the repetition of their
crimes, as far as possible, be prevented.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. T hope that the
gentleman from Indiana will consent to have
this resolution referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary, as the committee now have this
subject under consideration.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire an opportunity to
discuss briefly the question presented by the
resolution. I will agree to make the motion
for reference at the conclusion of my remarks.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Very well; I yield
to the gentleman for that purpose.
Mr. JULIAN. Mr. Speaker, in demanding
(he punishment of the chief rebel conspirators,
I beg not to be misunderstood. I do not ask
for vengeance. 1 feel sure there is no man in
the country, however intense his loyalty, who
would inflict the slightest unnecessary suffer-
ing, or any form of cruelty, upon even the most
