1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
420S
sumed that one member in ten is going to
investigate thoroughly for himself all the con-
. ditions of these railroad grants. Every amend-
ment proposed to this bill by the Committee
on Public Lands is of a restrictive character.
They compel the grantees to act in good faith,
and to construct this road with all reasonable
degree of rapidity, or they lose their franchise
and it reverts to the Government. But I am
consuming too much of the time of the House,
and I beg leave to move the previous question,
which I will consider a test vote upon the pas-
sage of this bill. If the previous question is
not sustained I will move to recommit.
Mr. CONKLING. I understood the gentle-
man to say he would allow me to move to
postpone it.
Mr. McRUER. That is the same thing.
Mr. CONKLING. Oh, no ; not by any
means. Why not postpone it until next ses-
sion?
Mr. McRUER. I call the previous question
and hope it will be seconded.
The previous question was not seconded,
only twenty-one voting in favor thereof.
Mr. McRUER. -I move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Public Lands, and
that the same be printed.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a breach of the
understanding, as I understood it, and there-
fore I move to lay the bill on the table.
Mr. McRUER. My motion is to recommit
to the Committee on Public Lands, with in-
structions to report at the next session.
Mr. CONKLING. No, sir; that is sub-
stantially giving the sanction of the House to
the bill. I move to postpone the bill until the
first Tuesday in December next.
The motion of Mr. Conklixg was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was postponed; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. ALLEY. I now aslc unanimous con-
sent to take the other bill, the Copperopolis
railroad bill, from the table and make the same
disposition of that.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, objected.
THE TAX BILL.®
Mr. GARFIELD, by unanimous consent,
reported from the Committee of Ways and
Means a bill to amend an act to amend an
act entitled "An act to provide internal rev-
enue to support the Government, to pay the
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses, approved June 00, 1804," approved
March 3, 1805.
The bill, which was read, amends the thir-
teenth section of said act by striking out the
words " without having first obtained a license
so to do" and inserting in lieu thereof the
words " without paying a special tax therefor."
The bill was read a first and second time by
its title.
Mr. GARFIELD moved the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded; and
under the operation thereof the bill was or-
dered to be engrossed and read a third time;
and being engrossed, it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. GAllFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RAILROAD GRANTS TO ARKANSAS AND MISSOURI.
The next busines^upon the Speaker's table
was the amendments reported from the Commit-
tee on Public Lauds, and laid on the Speaker's
table, to an act (S. No. 223) toreviveana extend
the provisions of an act granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to the States
of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point upon the
Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary,
near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
Fort Smith and the Missouri river, approved
February 9, 1853, and for other purposes.
The amendments were read.
Mr. ECKLEY. I desire to have the amend-
ments acted on and the bill put upon its pas-
sage, and I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendments were adopted, the
bill, as amended, ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, the bill
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ECKLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
REMOVAL OF CAUSES FROM STATE TJOURTS.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was Senate bill No. 406, for the removal
of causes in certain eases from State courts ;
which was read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to refer that to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I hope not.
Mr. BOUTWELL. This bill has not been
into the hands of the Judiciary Committee of
the House, but I have taken pains to examine
it and I do not see any objection to it. The
reason for its passage is this: in many of the
southern States persons who pretend that
wrongs have been perpetrated upon them by
citizens of States recently in rebellion, in order
to obtain judgment against those citizens join
a citizen of the State where the plaintiff resides
with the citizen of another State, and the citi-
zen of the other State is compelled to try his
cause in the State courts of the State recently
in rebellion, and is subject to their authority
and will in a matter affecting his rights. Now,
the.object of the bill is and the result of it will
be, as I understand, that a citizen of New York
who may be joined by a plaintiff in South Car-
olina with a citizen of South Carolina for the
purpose of compelling tire New York man to
try his cause in South Carolina may transfer
the cause, so far as ho is concerned, to the
United States courts, leaving the defendant in
South Carolina to make his defense in the
courts of that State.
Mr. GARETELD. I withdraw my motion
to refer.
The bill was read, as follows :
That if in any suit already commenced, or that may
hereafter be commenced, in any State court against
an alien, or by a citizen of the State iu which the
suit is brought against a citizen of another State, and
the matter in dispute excccds the sum of $500, exclu-
sive of costs, to be made to appear to the satisfaction
of the court, a eiti'/.cii of the State in which the suit
is brought is or shall bo a, defendant, and if the suit
so far as relates to tho alien defendant or to the de-
fondant who is the citizen of a State other than that
in which tho suit is brought, is or has been instituted
or prosccutcd for the purpose of restraining or en-
joining him, or if the suit is one in which there can
be a final determination of the controversy, so far as
it concerns him, without the presence ot tho other
defendants as parties in the cause, then and in every
such case the alien defendant, or the defendant who
is a citizen of a State other than that in which the
suit is brought,, may, at any time before the trial or
filial hearing of tho cause, file a petition for the re-
moval of the cause as against him into the next cir-
cuit court of the United States to be held in the dis-
trict where th« suit is pending, and offer good and
sufficient surety for his entering in such court, on the
first day of its session, copies of said process against
him, and of all pleadings, depositions, testimony,
a.nd other proceedings in said cause affecting or con-
cerning him, and also for his there appealing and
entering special bail in the cause, if special bail was
originally requisite therein; and it shall be there-
upon the duty of the State court to accept the surety
and proceed no further in tho cause as against the
defendant so applying for its removal; and any
bail that may have been originally taken shall be
discharged, and tho said copies being entered as
aforesaid in sucli court of_ the United States the
cause shall there proceed in the same manner as
if it had been brought there by original process
against the defendant who shall hare so filed a peti-
tion for its removal as above provided. And any at-
tachment of the goods or estate of the defendant by
the original process shall hold the goods or estate so
attached to answer tho final judgment, in the same
manner as by the laws of such Slate they would have
been holden to answer final judgment had it been
rendered by the eouitiu which the suit commenced^
and any injunction granted before the removal of
the cause against the defendant appljm^ for its re-
moval shall continue iu torce until modified or dis-
solved by tho United States court into which the
cause ha!l be removed; and any bond of indemnity
or other obligation given by the plaintiff upon the
issuing or granting of any attachment, writ of injunc-
tion, or other restraining process against the defend-
ant petitioning for the removal of the cause, shall
also continue in full force and may be prosecuted by
the defendant and made available for his indemnity
in case the attachment,injunction,orother restrain-
ing process be set aside or dissolved, or judgment be
rendered in his favor, in the same manner and with
th e same force and effeet as if such injunction, attach-
ment, or restraining process had been granted, and
such bond had been originally filed or given in the
court to which the cause is removed. And such re-
moval of the cause, as against the defendant petition-
ing therefor, into the United States court, shall not
be deemed to prejudice or take away the right of the
plaintiff to proceed at the same tiaewith the suit in
the State court as against tho other defendants, if
he shall desiretodo so. And the copics of all plead-
ings filed or entered as aforesaid in the United States
court by the defendant applying for tho removal of
the cause, shall have the same force and effect in
every respect and for every purpose as the original
pleadings would have had by the laws and practice'
of the courts of sueh State if the cause had remained
in the State court.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I would inquire of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts if this hill is not
broad enough in its provisions to carry from
the State courts to the United States courts
every cause between two citizens of a State
where either one of them has a partner living
in andther State.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It does not affect the
right of citizens defendant of the same State
with the plaintiff. If the interest of the de-
fondant who is not a citizen of the State in
which the suit is brought cannot be separated
distinctly from the interests of the defendant
who is a citizen of the State in which the suit
is brought, then the proceedings must go into
the State courts ; but if the interest of the de-
fendant who is not a citizcn of the State can
be separated, then he has the right to have it
separated.
Mr. TRIMBLE. It seems to me this bill is
overturning the principles of law that have
existed from the foundation of the Government.
Mr. BOUTWELL. It does not change the
rights of citizens of the same State at all. The
rights of the defendant who is a citizen of the
same State must be adjudicated in the courts
of the State. Only the rights of the defendant
who is not a citizen of the same State can be
adjudicated in the courts of the United States
when they are capable, in tho judgment of the
United States court, of being separated, so that
there can be an independent judgment upon
them.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I understand the law now
to bo that a citizen of another State has aright
to carry his cause from the State court to the
United States court where ho is either a plain-
tiff or defendant.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Not if he be joined as
a codefendant with a citizen of the State in
which the suit is brought.
Mr. TRIMBLE. If he is joined as a code-
fendant and is alike responsible as a codefend-
ant, does not this bill carry the cause from the
State court to the United Stales court?
Mr. BOUTWELL. Only so far as in the
judgment of the court his rights can be sepa-
rated and adjudicated as distinguished from
the rights of his codefendant.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I fear that this bill goes
further than that.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera'
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third tinfe ; and it was accordingly read tha
third time.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question on the passage.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I call for the yeas and
nays on the passage.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken on the passage or
the bill, it was decided in the affirmative
yeas 80, nays 30, not voting 16; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Baker, Banks, Bar-
ker, Bakter. Benjamin, Bidwel , Boutwe] , Broimvell,
Rroomal), Buckland.Sidney Clarke f.nbh. (.onklmg,
Cuilom, Dawes, Dofrcus, Donnelly, Driygs, iHunont,
