1866.
THE COJSTGrRlSSIOJSTAL GLOBE.
•2 m
tion of its affairs. For very excellent reasons,
already given, I believe the negroes here are
entitled to the ballot, and are at least as fit as
multitudes of white men who are unquestiona-
bly to have it. They have done their full share
in saving the nation's life. Many of them went
into the Army as the substitutes of white ruf-
fians and vagabonds who daily "damn the nig-
ger," and whose unprofitable lives were saved
by the black column which stood between them
and the bullets of the rebels. Sir, let the ex-
periment be fairly made here, on this model
political farm of the nation. Should it fail,
Congress will abandon it; should it work well,
it may prove a most excellent forerunner of
measures of larger justice to the colored race
in our land. I do not mean to say that the col-
ored soldiers of this District should alono have
the ballot, because no such rule is proposed or
thought of as to white voting. If the white
rabble of this District who did not enter our
Army, and who to a great extent were in sym-
pathy with the public enemy, ar&to vote, as they
undoubtedly will, it would be a very mean mock-
ery of justice to withhold the ballot from loyal
negroes who, although they did not fight, fur-
nished the Government with their full share of
men.
Mr. Speaker, I ask conservative gentlemen
on this floor to consider duly one other fact.
If difficulties are to be encountered in voting
for this bill, still greater difficulties arc to be
met in voting against it, and I know of no half-
way ground in dealing with fundamental prin-
ciples. To vote against this measure is to vote
against the first truths of democratic liberty.
It is to vote for the old spirit of caste and the
old law of hate which have so terribly blasted
our land. It is to vote down justice and install
misrule and maladministration as king. It is
to sanction and encourage, by the national ex-
ample, the barbarous aud worse than heathen
laws of the northern and western States, already
referred to, which so loudly call for our rebuke.
It is to make a record which the roused spirit
of liberty and progress, and the thick-coming
events of the future, will certainly disown and
turn from with shame. And while such a vote
might tend to placate the conservative and the
trimmer, it would offend those radical hosts now
everywhere springing to their feet, and prepar-
ing for battle against every form of inequality
and injustice, and in favor of "all rights for
all.'' Sir, justice is safe. The right thing is the
expedient thing. Democracy is not a lie. God
is not the devil, "nor was Chrisiantity itself es-
tablished by prize essays, Bridgewater bequests,
and a minimum of four thousand five hundred
a year." Far better will it be for a northern Rep-
resentative and for the cause of Republicanism
itself to vote on the right side of this question,
even should it cost him his seat on this floor,
than to vote on the wrong side, and thus main-
tain his place by the sacrifice of both his own
manhood and the public welfare intrusted to his
hands. Sir, I agree that the passage of this bill
would tend to open the way to perfect equality
before the law in all the States. I do not deny
that the public would so understand it, and 1
decline none of the consequences of my vote.
Mr. Jefferson, speakingofthenegroes, declared
that "whatever be their degree of talent it is no
measure of their rights," and ho likewise de-
clared that _" among those who either payor
fight for their country no line can be drawn.v
That is my democracy. "The one idea,': says
Humboldt, "which history exhibits as ever-
more developing itself into greater distinctness,
is the idea of humanity, the noble endeavor to
throw down all barriers erected between men
by prejudice and one-sided views, and, by set-
ting aside the distinctions of religion, country,
and color, to treat the whole human rage as one
brotherhood." Sir, on this broad ground, co-
incident with Christianity itself, I plantmy feet:
and no man can fail who will resolutely main-
tain it.
Mr. Speaker, I must not conclude my argu-
ment without referring to one further considera-
tion, by which the passage of this bill, in my
judgment, is urgently demanded. I have ar-
gued that the ballot should be given to the ne-
groes as a matter of justice to them. It should
likewise be done as a matter of retributive jus-
tice to the slaveholders and rebels. According
to the best information I can obtain, a very
large majority of the white people of this Dis-
trict have been rebels in heart during the war,
and are rebels in heart still. That contempt
for the negro and scorn of free industry which
constituted the mainspring of the rebellion
cropped out here during the war in every form
that was possible, under the immediate shadow
of the central Government. Meaner rebels than
many in this District could scarcely have been
found in the whole land. They have not been
punished. The halter lias been cheated out of
their necks. I am very sorry to say that under
what seems to be a false mercy, a misapplied
humanity, the guiltiest rebels of the war have
thus far been allowed to escape justice. I
have no desire to ccnsure the authorities of
the Government for this fact. I hope they
have some valid excuse for their action. This
question of punishment, I know, is a difficult
one. The work of punishment is so vast that
it naturally palsies the will to enter upon it.
It never can be thoroughly done on this side
of the grave. And were it practicable to pun-
ish adequately all the most active and guilty
rebels, justice would still remain unsatisfied.
Far guiltier men thnn they are the rebel sym-
pathizers of the loyal States, who coolly stood
by and encouraged their friends in the South in
their work of national rapine and murder, and
while they were ever ready to go joyfully into
the service of the devil, were too cowardly to
wear his uniform and carry his weapons in open
day. But Congress in this District has the
power to punish by ballot, and there will be a
beautiful, poetic justice in the exercise of this
power. Sir, let it be applied. The rebels here
will recoil from it with horror. Some of the
woi'st of tlicm, sooner than submit to black suf-
frage. will doubtless leave the l)isti ict, and thus
render il an unspeakable service. To be voted
i down and governed by Yankee and negro bal-
j lots will seem to them an intolerable grievance,
I and this is among the excellent reasons why 1 am
in favor of it. If neither hanging nor exile can
be extemporized for the entertainment of our
domestic rebels, let us require them at least to
make their bed on negro ballots during the re-
mainder of their unworthy lives. Of course they
will not relish it. but that will be their own pecu-
liar concern. 'Their darling institution must
be charged with all the consequences of the war.
They sowed the wind, and it required must reap
the whirlwind. Retribution follows wrong
doing ; and this law must, work out its results.
Rebels and their symp'atliizers, I am sure, vs ill
fare as well under negro suffrage as they deserve,
and I desire to leave them, as far as pi acticable.
in the hands of their coloiqd brethren. Kor
shall I stop to inquire very critically whether
the negroes am Jit to vote. As between them-
selves and white rebels, who deserve to be
hung, they are eminently fit. I would not have
them more so. Will you, Sir. Speaker, will
even my conservative and Democratic friends,
be particularly nice or fastidious in the choice
of a man to vote down a rebel 1 Shall we insist
upon a perfectly finished gentleman and scholar
to vote down the traitors and white trasli of
this District, who have recently signalized them-
selves by mobbing unoffending negroes? Sir,
almost anybody, it seems to me, will answer
the purpose, i do not pretend that 1he colored
men here, should they get the ballot, will not
sometimes abuse it. 'I hey will undoubtedly
make mistakes. Ill some cases they may even
vote on the side of their old masters. But
; I feel pretty safe in saying that even white
! men, peifeetly free from ail suspicion of negro
! blood, have sometimes voted on the wrong side.
Sir, I appeal to gentlemen on this floor, and
especially to my Democratic friends, to say
j whether they cannot call to mind instances in
! which white men have voted wrong? Indeed,
; it rather strikes me that white voting, igno-
! rant, depraved, party-ridden Democratic white
I voting, had a good deal to do in hatching into
life the rebellion itself, and that no results of
negro voting are likely to be much worse. I
respectfully commend this consideration to'my
friend from Iowa, [Mr. Kassox,] and to con-
servative gentlemen here on both sides of this
Hall. Sir, as I have argued elsewhere, all men
are liable to make mistakes. The democracy
I stand by, the fitness te govern which I believe
in, is the aggregate wisdom and practical com-
mon sense of the whole people. This, and not
the wisdom of our rulers, or of any select few,
carried us safely through the rebellion, and this
only can be trusted in time to come. There
is no other reliance under God for us, as the
champions and exemplars of Republicanism,
and the sooner we bravely accept this truth the
better it will be for all races and orders of men
composing our great body-jjolitic. In demand-
ing the ballot in this District for the despised
and defenseless, I simply demand the national
recognition of Christianity, which is "the root
of all democracy, the highest fact in the rights
of man." 1 beseech gentlemen to remember
this.' As the lawgivers of a disenthralled Re-
public, let lis not write "infidel" on its ban-
ner, by trampling humanity and justice under
our feet in these high places of power. The
question is ours to decide. The right, so earn-
estly prayed for, is ours to bestow. The assump-
tion set up by the white votershere of the rightto
decide this question is as superlatively ridiculous
as it is sublimely impudent. They have no more
right to vote themselves the exclusive deposi-
taries of power in this District than the inmates
of its penitentiary have to vote themselves at
liberty to go at large. Congress is the sov-
ereign and sole judge; and what the colored
men here ask at our hands, for their just pro-
tection, and as their sure refuge, is the ballot:
"A weapon firmer set,
Aud hotter than the bayonet;
A weapon that comes down as still
As snow-ilakcs fait upon the sod;
lint executes a freeman's will
As lightning docs the will of God."
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor; but stated that he desired to yield a
portion of his time to Mr. Sitgiu;avi:s.
Mr. SITGREAYES. I rise, Mr. Speaker,
to lefute an aspersion of the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Fauxswortii,] upon the New
Jersey Democracy and her Representatives on
this floor, made in answer or reply to my col-
league, [Mr. Rogers.] I allude to the assertion
that the Legislature of New Jersey, controlled
by the Democracy, had voted against the right
of the soldiers to vote in camp, and the inference
sought to be adduced from that by the gentle-
man, that the Representatives from New Jer-
sey, representing the Democracy here, had no
risrlit and could not consistently speak in favor
of the honor or the rights of the soldier. I
quote from the Globe, as follows:
"If I am not mistaken the gentleman, with the rest
of his party in the State of New Jersey, refused to
give to the white soldier who had left his native State
and (tone intothe field, peritin? his life m tho defense
of his country, the right to vote even as to who shall
represent that State in tho Congress of the United
States. Perhaps that is tlie reason why we have had
so many of that persuasion in this House. Now the
gentleman invokes tlie white soldier, and protosts
against this injustice which should bo done him."
Mr. Speaker, when the bill was pending be-
fore the Legislature to authorize the soldiers
to vote in camp; many gentlemen of tho Dem-
ocratic party conscientiously believed thatthey
could not vote for that bill without violating
their constitutional oaths. Others as consci-
entiously believed that no fair vote would over
be had in the camp ; and surely the history of
elections in the camp must have satisfied every
friend of the purity and independence of the
ballot-box that they wore right. I will quote
that article in the constitution of the State of
Nov/ Jersey to which I particularly allude :
" Everv white male citizen of the United States, of
the PRC of twenty-one years, who shall have been.a
resident of this? Slate one year, and of the county in
which he claims a vote five months next before the
election, shall be entitled io vote for all officers that
uov or Uercaiter may be elected by the people."
Now, Mr. Speaker, to charge the Democracy
of New Jersey with being unfriendly to the sol-
