1324
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
benefit the trade of a city on our Pacific coast;
but it has been conclusively shown that the
amount of trade which that city -would obtain
from the passage of this measure would be lit-
tle or nothing in comparison with the great in-
dustrial interests of the country which it affects
and which, if it is continued, it will injure ma-
terially. On the other hand, it has been shown
that while the American product pays its tax to
the internal revenue immediately after its pro-
duction, and pays it several times over, the prod-
uct introduced into this country through this
channel is permitted a year, and by this bill
three years, of credit. That is conclusive, it
seems to me, to the mind of any one reflecting
on the subject that the Government and the im-
porter become parties to the speculation, unite
together to draw from the trade of the country
goods in bond to bo launched upon that trade
whenever the market that has been rendered
bare by this operation will be in a suitable con-
dition as regards price to remunerate those en-
gaged in the enterprise. It is perfectly appar-
ent to me that the manufacturer and producer
of this country as well as the consumer are in-
juriously affected by the principles of this meas-
ure. Any system or plan that has for its object
and is able to withdraw articles from other mar-
kets and to continue them withdrawn will of
necessity increase the price of those articles.
It is impossible that the ofieotcan be otherwise.
Jt is shown to my mind conclusively that these
goods are placed out of the hands of the Gov-
ernment, and ns security therefor a bond is taken,
and if the goods should lie consumed by fire the
Government loses I he duties proscribed by law,
and therefore tly! Government is made a great
insurance agency for their benefit, at least to
the amount of the duties that the law prescribes.
The Government is now the ureal insurer to
the importer for the amount of the duty.
Mi\ President,everything that tends to change
an existing theory upon which laws have been
established is injurious. If it is the design of
Congress in the legislation of the country to
encourage all departments of the industry of the
people, it. is not wise or judicious to ingraft upon
that policy any proposition that has for its effect
the curtailment of those industries. The meas-
ure before the Senate isinetfeclaproposiiion to
ingraft upon our legislation a system which will
tend to check and to curtail the growth of our
material interests. We have been told by the
report of the Secretary of the Treasury that, the
Government loses annually twelve or fifteen
million dollars from under-valuation. As 1
have reflected upon (he bill now before the
Senate, 1 believe, upon my judgment as a man
and as a Senator, that those frauds are occa-
sioned by the system and policythat is ingrafted
upon your system like the one now before the
Senate. Believing as 1 do that this whole sys-
tem is pernicious in every respect, 1 must, in
the discharge of my duty as a member of the
Senateattack it from whatever quarter it comes
and under all circumstances. I shall deem it
jny duty, whatever position it takes before the
Senate, to oppose its progress hereafter, and if
J can, to eradicate it, from our legislation. 1
do it, as 1 have informed the Senate, with no
persona! feelings, with no feeling toward any
man, but from a deep conviction that it is
wrung in principle, in theory, and in practice.
1 trust, therefore, that the vote on the passage
of this bill will be reconsidered in order that I
may propose amendments which 1 think will
perfect it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate reconsider the vote
passing this bill ?
Mr. COXNESS. I hope the Senate will
agree to the reconsideration, so that we, may
make the amendment in the bill that I have
proposed.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I now move that the vote
ordering the bill to be read a third time bo also
reconsidered.
Mr._ HENDRICKS. I should like to knoiv
what is the object of that.
Mr. CGNNESS. I wish te offer an amend-
ment, and I will explain the amendment that
I design to propose in a moment.
The motion was agreed to.
' The PRESIDENT pro lempore. The bill is
now before the Senate and is open to amend-
ment.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the bill
in the fourth, eleventh, and thirteenth lines of
thefirstseetion, bystrikingouttheword "April"
and inserting "May." It will be remembered
by Senators that this bill has been pending on
this motion to reconsider for some seven or
eight weeks past. As it now stands, the first
section reads:
That, on and after the passage of this act, and
until the 1st day of April, 1866, any Roods, wares, or
merchandise under bond, in any public or private
bonded warehouse, upon which the duties arc unpaid,
may bo withdrawn for consumption, &c.
Unless the amendment that I now suggest be
made, there will bo no time for the operation
of this bill in the ports of the Pacific coast, and
therefore it is necessary to give this extension
of time, which is not an extension equal to the
amount of time that the measure has been de-
layed in this body, but it will be pei-haps suffi-
cient.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAG UK. I desire to submit some
amendments to this bill. In the thirteenth line
of the first section, I propose to strike out the
words "one year" and to insert "three months;"
in the sixteenth and seventeenth lines I propose
to strike out the words " one year" and to in-
sert. " three months in the seventeenth line I
desire to strike out the words "the expiration
of three years from said date," and to insert
"January 1, 1KC7;" and in the twenty-first line
I desire to strike out the word "ten" and to
insert •'twenty-five." I desire simply to say
in reference to these amendments that they arc
almost in the letter of the act of August -3, lt>0l.
1 have sonic other amendments *o offer but not
to that section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will be on the fir.st amendment proposed
by the Senator from Rhode Island, in section
one, line thirteen, to strike out the words " one
year" and to insert " three months;" so that it
will read :
May be, withdrawn for consumption within three
months fioni thodateof original importation oil pay-
ment of the duties, Ac.
Mr. SPIt AG IJE. I ask for the yeas and nays
on that amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. FESSEN DEM. 1 wish simply to say
that this amendment will change the exist-
ing law on the subject. One year is now al-
lowed for the withdrawal of the goods for con-
sumption. That period was fixed upon after
very considerable deliberation in the pas.sage
of the last taritf bill. That is the law now.
They have the privilege of withdrawing the
goods at, any lime within one year. This period
of three months was adopted in a former law,
but was afterwards deliberately abandoned, and
one year was thought to be a proper time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I suggest to the Sen-
ator from Ithode Island that although I am
inclined to vote with him upon this measure,
still I would not feel justified ic voting upon
these amendments now. 1 think if this bill is
to beeomea law at all, the framework of it
adapting it to our general policy ought to come
from a committee of this body, and we ought
not to pass a bill which will be greatly changed
by amendments thrown upon the Senate in this
way which we cannot consider, and which we
cannot, understand in their bearing upon the
genera) system. ] willnotvotoforthese amend-
ments because I do not understand what may
be their effect upon existing laws. I will vote
on the general proposition with the Senator on
the ground that J think three years is too long
a time to hold goods in warehouse. I do not
think the Government ought any more to go
out of its way to encourage importations than
it ought to go out of its way to discourage im-
portations. I think, in other words, that the
frame-work for the collection of revenue and
the whole system for the collection of revenue
ought to be with a view of getting revenue, and
not for the purpose of encouraging or diseour-
agingimportations. A reasonable time, I think,
is enough to allow importers.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have an
explanation from the Senator from New York
in regard to this measure. I think the present
law allows one year after the importation to pay
the duties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It does.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then this bill stands pre-
cisely in the same way, and what is the use of
parsing it.?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the;, same as far as
that is concerned.
Mr. SHERMAN". Then I do not see any
object in passing it. If the amendment of the
Senator from lihode Island should be adopted,
as a matter of course it would render the bill
nugatory, because the provision of this bill is
that goods " may bo withdrawn for consump-
tion within one year from the date of original
importation." That is the present law, and I
do not like to reenact the present law unless
some reason can he given for it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a revision of
the existing law on the subject.
Mr. SHERMAN. I must confess I do not
see any object in passing the first section of
the bill, it is but a repetition of the present
law.
Mr. MORGAN. If this bill should become
a law as it passed both Houses originally there
are two points only contained in it. In all
the larger ports there are some quantities, not
very large, of merchandise left over, that have
passed beyond the period of one year. If this
bill passes the meichant having goods thus
situated will be enabled until the 1st of April
—the Senator from California, in order to meet,
the case upon the Pacific coast, proposes to
change that to May—to enter these goods,
these remnants, if T may so call them, or
whatever they arc. They cannot enter them
for consumption unless this bill is passed. It
is impossible, because they have been in store
more than one year, and they will be compelled
to export them.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the very thing to
which I wish to ask the attention of the Sen-
ator. They have but one year from the date
of original importation, and if that year has
already passed this bill does not cover them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. -They are covered by
the very first clause of the bill.
Mr, MORGAN. The object they have in
view will be accomplished if this bill passes.
They will be enabled to enter the goods for
consumption and pay the duties. That is the
effect of that portion of the bill. Now, what
else does the bill provide? It does not change
the law in relation to the withdrawal of goods
within one year from the date of importation,
but it provides that if at the expiration of one
year hereafter there arc any goods remaining,
on paying ten per cent, additional they can
also bo entered for consumption. Instead of
the merchants coming here as they do now,
asking Congress for this privilege of entering
their goods, it has been proposed that they be
required to pay ten per cent, additional and
not come to Congress and not be compelled to
export, them. That is all the bill contains.
There is nothing else in it except those two
points. I want to be extremely accurate when
1 say that is all.
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll, and
Mr. Avn-ioxy answered to his name.
Mr, SPRAGUE. Mr. President 
The PREiS1DENT pro tempore. The call of
the roll is commenced, and one Senator has
answered. The Chair wil 1 recognize the Sen-
ator from Rhode Island, however, if there be
no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN and others. The Sen-
ator rose before the call.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I rose before the call com-
mcneed. I will suggest that I will submit an
amendment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I rise to a question of
order^ The call of the roll has been com-
