1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOW
is. But I want to know whether his action dur-
ing the last canvass was in favor of negro suf-
frage? And I want to know if he is willing to
answer the question, whether he is willing to go
before his constituents at the next election upon
that issue ? I pause for a reply.
Mr. KELLEY. If there be in my district a
house into which I have not put a copy of my
remarks on negro suffrage, and the gentleman
will give me the name of the proprietor, I will
send him one. I mean that every man in the
district shall Jmow just where I stand, and that
I am anxious to give every laboring man the
right and power to protect the interests of labor
at the ballot-box.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir,
the gentleman is willing that every man in his
district shall know that he is in favor of imposing
negro suffrage upon people that he has no in-
terest in or connection with, that he has no right
to represent, except through the agency of the
Constitution. But, sir, will he go before his
constituents and advocate a proposition to strike
out the word "white'' from the constitution of
Pennsylvania? I appeal to the history of the
party in Pennsylvania to which the majority
here belong. The distinguished gentleman at
the head of the Committee on Appropriations
[Mr. Stevens] reported the Republican plat-
form for Pennsylvania, and I ask whether negro
suffrage formed any part of that platform?
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman says I am
willing to impose negro suffrage upon people
here in the District whom I have no right to
represent.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I said
" except through the agency of the Constitu-
tion."
Mr. KELLEY. That excepts the whole case.
I was going to refer to our constitutional duty,
for I have supposed that under the Constitution
it was made the duty of Congress to legislate,
and not only to legislate, but that it should ex-
clusively legislate for the District.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I admit
all that. And yet in the face of the expression
of opinion such as we have had hero in the Dis-
trict, almost unanimous, and with a vote larger,
except in a few instances, than has ever been
before polled in this city, we find the gentleman
voting to force negro suffrage upon the people
of this District, and failing tp take any steps to
give the same right to the people whom he di-
rectly represents, the colored portion of the
people of Pennsylvania.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to ask my col-
league [Mr. Randall] whether any steps can
now be taken on that subject, or whether the
constitution of Pennsylvania does not provide
that it shall be amended only once in five years?
And whether it was not amended so as to let
our soldiers vote two years ago, to the great
disgust of the Democratic party ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir;
the constitution of Pennsylvania provides thai,
the step toward procuring an amendment to that
constitution shall bo taken at a certain period;
and that is the step which I wish to see my col-
league have the boldness to take in reference
to this question of negro suffrage.
Mr. KELLEY. Which step the gentleman
will find me ready to take as soon as time opens
the door which is now barred against the move-
ment.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Let me
ask the gentleman whether, when the Repub-
lican party adopted its platform at Harrisburg
last fall, that was not the time to declare the
true intent of that party on this question of
negro suffrage. I know that, when it was af-
firmed, duringthat campaign by the Democratic
orators, that the true intention of the Repub-
lican party was to introduce negro suffrage, the
charge was vehemently denied. That cunning
politician, Mr. Cessna, the chairman of the
Republican State Central Committee, went so
far as to issue an address denying that the right
of suffrage was a question in the canvass. My
colleague fought under the banner of that gen-
tleman, indorsing, I believe, everything that he j
said.
I desire only that the true history of Penn-
sylvania and the true history of the now dom-
inant party in that State, in reference to this
subject, shall be fairly and fully known. When
my colleague affirms that the negroes had the
right to vote in Pennsylvania up to the period
of the adoption of the constitution of 1838, and
that the Democratic party were alone responsi-
ble for depriving them of that right, I desire
that he shall exhibit all the facts, so that this
House may understand the whole case, not
merely a part of it.
Mr. KELLEY. Does the gentleman mean
to intimate that I did not advocate colored suf-
frage during the last canvass in Pennsylvania?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I did not
hear every speech that the gentleman made;
but I read the reports of very many of them,
and I never heard or saw anything in his
speeches in reference to that.
Mr. KELLEY. It may be that the gentle-
man did not read it in the newspapers; but let
him inquire in all the counties in which I
spoke, from the Delaware to Lake Erie, and it
was in a majority of the counties on that long
line, and he will not find a man, woman, or
child who heard me who will not tell him that
I advocated colored suffrage.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask,
Mr. Speaker, why the gentleman's party did not
put that principle in the platform. Acting
with that party, the gentleman was talking one
way and looking another, like the boy in the
boat, who looked one way and rowed another.
The party with which the gentleman acted
wanted to gull the people, their orators saying
in one place that they were in favor of negro
suffrage, and in another place declaring that
they were against it. I admit that in north-
western Pennsylvania some of the advocates of
that party threw down the gauntlet, and raised
the question of negro suffrage directly ; but in
every other part of Pennsylvania thoy ignored
that question.
Mr. KELLEY. I will only remind the gen-
tleman that the twentieth and twenty-fourth
wards of Philadelphia are not in northwestern
Pennsylvania; and in both of those wards 1
advocated colored suffrage, apparently very
acceptably to the people.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
given the gentleman an opportunity to answer
my question, and I have answered every ques-
tion which he has propounded to me. I now
desire to ask him whether he is in favor of
amending the constitution of Pennsylvania by
striking out the word "white" in the clause
defining the qualifications of electors.
Mr. KELLEY. I joply to the gentleman
that I am in favor of striking out that word
"white'' as soon as the constitution will per-
mit. I have a high regard for franklin. Bene-
■/.ox. and the men who with them laid the foun-
dations of our Government and gave to the
English language one of the grandest things in
its literature, the preamble to the act t>f 1780,
by which Pennsylvania, in the midst of the war
of' the Revolution, gave to the world the first
example of the members of a ruling class, in
gratitude to God for blessings bestowed on them,
conferring freedom and citizenship upon their
slaves. 1 had rather, sir, pass my life in hum-
ble privacy, surrounded and sustained by the
spirits of those good and great men, than have
the multitude shouting applause for my efforts
in a bad cause in the Halls of Congress, or
elsewhere.
I am for so enforcing the provisions of the
Constitution of the United States that its in-
terpretation and application shall be in accord-
ance with what I believe Washington and
Madison to have understood it to express. I
do not wish to impose upon South Carolina
and Mississippi what I am not ready to adopt
in Pennsylvania; and as the Constitution con-
fides the election of members of Congress to
those who have the right to vote for the lower
House of the Legislature, I believe it has also
the power to decide who shall vote for the lower
House of the Legislature. _ Therefore, sir, T
hope we will pass a law defining who diall vote
for the lower House of a Legislature in each
and every State of the Union. That will settle
all our difficulties, and thenceforth armed re-
bellion will be impossible.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
glad to have extended an opportunity to the
gentleman to make thia addition to his speech.
However, I desire that the poison shall havethe
antidote to follow it. On tne question of negro,-,
suffrage I shall vote in accordance with .what I
find to be the uniform opinion of nay State,
without regard to party. I believe that the
races are distinct, "inevitably distinct," in the
language of Mr. Meredith; and believing that,,
I am unwilling to take any step in this Con-
gress which will place that inferior race upon
an equality with the white men of the. country.
I will go as far as any gentleman, allowing
to the colored people all the thrift and happi-
ness which may come from intellectual culture;
but when it comes to giving them the power to
govern the white men in certain localities then
I am against it. I am against anything which
looks to the social and political equality of the
white and black races. Therefore I shall "vote
against the present bill.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. Mr. Speaker, before
the vote is taken on the proposition now be-
fore the House, I desire to state the reasons
that will influence me in my action.
Although the bill only goes to the extent of
granting the right of the elective franchise to
the people of color in the District of Columbia,
in its effect it is of interest to the whole people
of my State, and, iu the principle which it in-
volves, of importance to the whole country.
While I deny the right or the power of Con-
gress to legislate on this subject, where that
legislation is to affectthe qualification of elect-
ors of any of the States, I at the same time
concede the power to pass laws for the good
government of this District; and hence, on
this or any kindred subject, by the eighth sec-
tion of the first article of the Constitution of
the United States, power is given to Congress—
" To exercise cxclusivejurisdietion in alleascs what-
soever over such district (not exceeding ten miles
square) as may, ivy cesMon of particular States, and
tne acceptance ol' Congress, bccomo the seat of the
Government of the United States."
And the Legislature of Maryland, by the sec-
ond section of the act of December 19, 1791,
declared and enacted—
"That all that part of the territory called Colum-
bia, shall be, and the same is hereby, acknowledged
to be forever ceded and relinquished to the Congress
and Government of the United States, in full and ab-
solute right and exclusive jurisdiction, as well of soil
as of persons residing or to reside thereon, pursuant
to the tenor and effect of the eighth section of the first
article of the Constitution."
It is needless, therefore, for any one, from
the opinions I entertain, to deny the power that
Congress possesses to pass this law.
But, sir, I am here to deny either the expe-
diency, the wisdom, or the necessity of legis-
lating on this subject at this time, or in relation
to this or any other district or territory subject
to or under the jurisdiction or control of the
Government.
Said Henry Clay in the Senate, in 1850, in
addressing that body, on the bill to abolish the
slave trade in the District of Columbia:
" I have always held that under the language of the
Constitution, being an investment in Congress of ex-
clusive legislation over this Distiictm all eases what-
ever, there exi&ted full and complete power over this
whole subject. But in reference to the abolition of
slavery m the District, I have maintained, what I
now continue to maintain, that while the institution
remainsin Maryland now, or white it existed in Mary-
land or Virginia beforo the retrocession, it would be
a gross violation of good faith to exercise this power,
though it is fully and complete!? covered by the lan-
guage of the Constitution."
Since that speech was made, slavery has not
only been abolished by act of Congress in this
District, but by the natural results of this great
rebellion, and the adoption of the constitu-
tional amendment, throughout the length and
breadth of this land. I thank God to-day that
such has been the result, and that from the
Atlantic to the Pacific no slave treads the soil
of our free country.
And yet. while J rejoice at this, I cannot but
believe that the efforts now put forth by some
