1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The joint resolution was read and passed to
the second reading.
Mr. SUMNER. This resolution merely pro-
vides for the auditing of those claims; it does
not go beyond that; and I should like to have
the action of the Senate upon it now.
Mr. WADE. Let it lie over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution lies over under
the rule.
continuation of business.
Mr. TRUMBULL submitted the following
resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to:
Resolved, That all subjects before the Senate at the
closc of the present session, including those before
committees, shall be continued to the next, session,
and shall then be proceeded with in the same man-
ner as if no adjournment of the Senate hud taken
plucc ; and the papers which have been referred to
the committees, and may be in their possession at
the close of the session, shall'be returned informally
to the Secretary, and by him restored to the commit-
tees when appointed at the next session.
protection OV this ukvenu13.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. h. No. 780) to protect
the revenue and for other purposes; and
On motion of Mr. FESSENDEN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its
amendments to the said bill disagreed to by the
House of Representatives and agree to the further
conference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That the conforees on the part of the Sen-
ate be appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Clark, Mr. Van Winkle, and Mr. Mokgan.
refunding of license tax.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little bill, to
which there is no objection, which was sent to
the Committee on Finance, being a bill (II.
II. No. 759) to "authorize the refunding of cer-
tain taxes, which contains a very necessary
amendment to the internal revenue law. I
have not had a chance to consult the commit-
tee, but there is no objection to it, and it is
neccssary to pass it at once. I move, therefore,
that the committee be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be taken up ; or,
if there is no objection^ I will report it back
from the Committee on Finance—I suppose
they will agree to it—and ask that it be taken
up and passed.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that where the license
tax imposed upon any wholesale dealer has been
calculated upon the amount of such dealer's
sales for the previous year, in accordance with
the terms of the seventy-ninth section of an act
approved June 30, 18114, and it shall be proved
to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue that the sales made under such
license did not equal in amount the sales of
such previous year, it shall be lawful for the Com-
missioner to refund to such wholesale dealer so
much of the amount, paid for the license as may
be in excess of the proper tax chargeable upon
the amount of sales actually made under the
license during the year for which it was issued.
The bill was reported to the Senate without,
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
messaue i1'it031 the iiofse.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheeson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 223) to revive and extend the
provisions of an act granting the right of way
and making a grant of land to the States of
Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the construc-
tion of a railroad from a point upon the Mis-
sissippi, opposite the mouth of the Ohio river,
via Little Hock, to the Texas boundary near
Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to Fort
Smith and the Mississippi river, approved
February 9, 1853, and for other purposes, with
amendments, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following-
bills and joint resolution, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (II. 11. No. 810) amendatory of section
thirteen of an act entitled "An act to amend an
act entitled 'An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes,' ap-
proved June 80, 18G4." approved March 3,
1865;
A bill (H. R. No. 812) for the relief of John
W. Taylor; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 207) to pay
Colonel Lewis F. Fix.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore:
A bill (IT. II. No. 422) for the relief of
Mrs. Ann E. Smoot, widow of Captain Joseph
Smoot;
A bill (H. R. No. 761) authorizing the re-
imbursement to the Territory of Ncbvaska of
certain expenses incuired in repelling Indian
hostilities;
A bill (H. R. No. 795) to authorize the entry
and clearance of vessels at the port of Calais,
Maine; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 104) for the
relief of Fontaine T. Fox, jr.
admission of nebraska.
Mr. WADE. I move to take up the bill (S.
No. 447) for the admission of the State of Ne-
braska into the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. I think it is not advisable
to open that discussion to-day. There are but
a few hours remaining to us of this session. I
think we had better proceed with other busi-
ness. The question involved in the admission
of Nebraska is the very question that came up
and was discussed so thoroughly with regard
to Colorado. It occupied then, it will bo re-
membered, many days, and wo have not yet
reached the conclusion of it. I think that we
had better not begin on this question to-day.
I hope we shall not take it up.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will he taken up,
and as we have spent a third of the session in
discussing this very question I hope Senators
who have discussed it three or four times over
before the Senate and said all that their inge-
nuity could invent against it will have theg'ace
to believe that we remember their arguments
and will act in reference to this question with-
out a repetition of them. I think that by rea-
son of the great discussion upon this subject in
the fore part of the session we are the more
ready and able to take it up understandingly
n .w and go on with it. 1 hope we shall take
it up, and not keep out a State applying to
eome into the Union any longer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Ts the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the motion of the
Senator from Ohio?
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken. resulted—yeas 24, nays 9; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Chandler, Cormess, Doo-
littlc, Fessemlen. Grimes, Howe. Johnson. Iurkwood,
Lane, Monill, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramses', Ross bher-
man, Sprngue, Stewart, Trumbull, van Wmkle,
Wade. Wiiley, "Williams, and Yates 24.
NAYS—Messrs. Cowan, Dnvis, Ldrmmds, Foster,
Guthrie, Hendricks, Morgan, Norton, and Sumner—9.
ABSENT— Messrs. Blown, Buckalew, Clark, Cra-
p-in, Croswell, I)iXon Fowler. Harris. JI^nd'Tdon,
Howard, MeDougftll.Ncsmith, Poland, Riddle, Sauls-
bury. Wilson, and Wright—17.
So the motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
printing of public documents.
Mr. ANTHONY. With the assent of the
Senator from Ohio,.now that ho has his bill
before the Senate, I wish to ask the unani-
mous consent of the Senate to take from the
table the bill (H. R. No. SOD) to further regu-
late the printing of public documents and the
purchase of paper for the public printing. It
is a bill that will give rise to no debate; it will
save some hundred thousand dollars to the
Treasury; and it is important that it should
pass.
Mr. WADE. Very well; go ahead.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider tlie bill at this
time, there being another subject before the
Senate.
There bring no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con>
sider the bill. Hereafter it is to be the duty
of the Superintendent of Public Printing, in
place of the reports of the Executive Depart-
ments ordered by the act of June 25, 18(54, to
cause to be printed and bound twenty-five hun-
dred copies of the annual reports of the Exec-
utive Departments, with such accompanying
documents as the heads of those Departments
may respectively select, but not to exceed three
hundred pages, for the use of such Departments
respectively. Whenever papers relating to for-
eign affairs are communicated to Congress ac-
companying the annual message of-the Presi-
dent, it is to be the duty of the Superintendent
of Publ;c Printing to cause to be printed and
bound, in addition to the usual number, two
thousand copies for the use of members of the
Senate, four thousand copies for the use of the
members of the House, and twenty-five hun-
dred copies for the use of the State Depart-
ment, in place of the numbers ordered by the
act of June 25, 18G4. In the publication of
the report of the Secretary of the Navy, the
detailed statement of offers for supplies and
of the articles embraced in each class under
contract is to be omitted, and in lieu thereof
the Secretary of the Navy is to prepare a state-
ment with his report and schedule embracing
the offers by classes, indicating such as have
been accepted.
It is to be the duty of the Superintendent of
Public Printing, at the commencement of each
session of Congress, to submit to the Joint Com-
mittee on Printing estimates of the quantity of
paper of all descriptions, which will, in his opin-
ion, be required for the cxccution of the pub-
lic printing during the comingyear. The Joint
Committee on Printing is then to fix upon a
standard of paper for the different descriptions
of congressional and executive printing, and it
is to be the duty of the Superintendent of Pub-
lic Printing, under the direction of the Joint
Committee on Printing, to advertise in only two
newspapers in the cities of New York, Cincin-
nati, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, and
Washington, for sealed proposals to furnish the
Government of the United States with paper
of the quality and in the quantity specified in
the advertisements ; and it is to be the duty of
the Superintendent to furnish samples of the
standard papers adopted by the committee to
applicants therefor. The sealed proposals are
to be opened before and the award of contracts
is to bo made by the Joint Committee on print-
ing to the lowest and best bidder for the inter-
ests of the Government. The advertisement
for sealed proposals for furnishing paper is to
designate the minimum portion of each particu-
lar quality of paper required for either three
months, six months, or one year, as the Joint
Committee on Printing may determine; but
when the minimum portion so specified exceeds
in any case one thousand reams, the advertise-
ment's to state that proposals will be received
for one thousand reams or more. No proposals
are to be considered by the Joint Committee
on Printingunh-ss accompanied by satisfactory
evidence that the person or persons making 'he
proposals are manufacturers of or dealers in
the description of paper which they propose to
furnish. In awarding contracts an equitable
period of time for filling them is to be desig-
nated and allowed by the Joint Committee on
Printing, without whose approval no contract
is to he valid. It is to be the duty of the Su-
perintendent of Public Printing to include m
his annual report to Congress a detailed state-
ment. of all proposals made and contracts en-
tered into for the purchase ol paper.
It is to be the duty of the Superintendent of
Public Printing to compare every lot of paper
delivered by any contractor, with the standard
