1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
menced, and an answer given, and I object to
debate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
rule; but the Chair is reminded by Senators,
and thinks tiie fact is so, that the Senator from
Rhode Island rose before the answer of the first
Senator was received. The Senator from Rhode
Island is entitled to thcrtloor.
Mr. KIDDLE. If the Senator will allow me
a moment I wish to make a suggestion. I have
no doubt that the Senator rose before the name
of his colleague was called, but I wish to sug-
gest to my friend from Rhode Island, as this
is an important bill, that he submit all of his
amendments together, and that they be ordered
to be printed before we are called upon to act
upon tliem.
Mr. SPllAGTJE. If it is in order I will
move that the amendments I have suggested
and those I will now send to the Chair may be
printed, and the bill with the amendments be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to a question of or-
der. The yeas and nays having been ordered
on an amendment which is now pending in the
Senate, the Senator's motion is not now in
order.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks the motion is in order.
Mr. CONNESS. Then I call for the yeas
and nays upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
of the Senator from Rhode Island is that the
amendments which have been proposed to the
bill be printed, and that the bill be referred to
the Committee oil Finance.
Mr. SPllACrUE. My motion includes not
only the amendments that 1 have already pro-
posed. but also the amendments that I now send
to the Chair, which are proposed simpjy to
perfect the bill in accordance with the original
amendments that I offered limiting it as to time.
ilr. GTIIMES. Are these all the amend-
ments that you propose?
Mi. SPRAGUE. These are all.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I think we ought to
have them printed, and we can take up the bill
to-morrow.
Mr. CONNESS. They are easily under-
stood, and I do not think it is necessary to
posrpone the bill
The PEES!DENT_proto«/>ore. It is moved
that the bill and amendments now sent to the
Chair, and those already read, be printed, and
the bill with the amendments be referred to the
Committee on Finance.
ilr. FESSENDEN. I should like to inquire
whether that motion is not divisible.
- The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It may be well enough,
perhaps, to print the amendments if they are
numerous : but it is entirely unnecessary to
refer a bill' of this kind to the Committee 011
Finance. It lias been already before the Com-
mittee on Commerce, and been leported by
them, and has been before the body a long-
time, and we have spent a great deal of time
upon it. I really hope it will not be sent to
the Committee on Finance.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 he Sena-
tor from Maine asks for a division of the ques-
tion, and the motion will first be on ordering
the amendments to be printed.
Mr. COXNESS. There can be no use on
earth for printing those amendments. There
is not a Senator in tli's body who does not
understand what ihe amendments are. and
therefore 1 call for the yeas and nays upon the
motion. I hope that the Senate will do nothing
of (he kind.
The veas and nays were ordered.
Ml'. Mc DOUG ALL. I think no Senator on
the door misunderstands the purpose oi these
amendments. Thevare all ot one order and
against the policy of the bill. 1 tmnk it is well
understood, and I think these amendments are
merer,- delaying time in postponing the con-
sidei a'.ion of the question. As the Senator
fioni Maine says, it is not wo.'ln white .o re.t-i
the bill to tiie Coiiimii'-ee on 1'inam.e. it has
been before tiie Committee on ^ouimeiee.
believe all are prepared to vote on every one
of those amendments, because all of them in-
volve the very same question, differing with
the report of the committee in presenting this
bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope this bill will not be
delayed longer. It has been a long time be-
fore the Senate. The honorable Senator from
Rhode Island has announced his purpose to
defeat the measure, and has been talking
against time for several days. He declares
his purpose to continue that stylo of opposi-
tion ; and further, that his purpose is not to
perfect the bill, but to defeat it. He does not
stand here in the attitude of desiring to perfect
a measure which he is desirous of passing in
any shape whatever, but declares his unqual-
ified hostility to the bonded warehouse system
of the country. Now, 1 submit whether it is
worth while for the Senate to indulge—if I
may use that phrase—that sort of opposition
lonsrer. This bill is exactly in harmony with
thesystem which has been established since
18-16," I think. It does not propose to change
it in any essential particular, but simply mod-
fies it in this way : as the law stands, import-
ers are permitted to enter their goods for con-
sumption within one year ; that year is about
expiring, and to prevent any difficulty grow-
ing out of that fact the first section of this bill
provides that they may enter those goods at
any time before the 1st of April; or, as it is
now amended, at any time before the 1st of
May. It furthei provides that being so en-
tered they may enter them for consumption
any time within three years thereafter upon
the payment of ten per cent, additional reve-
nue. That is designed to obviate a difficulty
that has been found in the practical workings
of the department. Persons who were de-
sirous of entering their goods tor consump-
tion, but kept them oil until the first year
within which they are able to do it, have been
in the habit of coming here to Congress and
asking legislation to permit them so to do, to
have "the" time extended ; and it has been
granted time and again. It is said at the
Treasury Department that it will work no in-
justice to anybody, but is perfectly in har-
mony with the system and in harmony with
the general interests of the country, both the
interest that my honorable friend from Rhode
Island so zealously protects and that other in-
terest which ought not to be regarded as an-
tagonistic with it, the importing interest, to
allow this to l>e done.
My honorable friend from Rhode Island rises
here and says he is opposed to this whole sys-
tem. That is the ground on which he places
his opposition to this bill. It it is the sense of
the Senate that the system is wrong, then the
delay which my honorable friend asks for should
be granted, His object is to defeat the whole
measure, and not only defeat this measure, but
he announces his purpose to defeat the whole
system which has obtained since 18-16. "With
the views the honorable Senator takes no doubt
he is right. Ilis predecessor in office took the
same view. He asserts, upon a great variety
of facts which he produces here, that this whole
system is inimical to the s}-stem of American
industry which he advocates. Do the Senate
propose to settle that question on this bill, which
is simply intended to amend the system ? If my
honorable friend is sincere, and he intends to
carry his opposition to the whole system, he
should brine in a bill to repeal the act of 18-10,
to repeal this bonded warehouse system, and
then he would have a remedy: but the remedy
lie seeks here is partial at best. _ I submit,
therefore, under the circumstances, it is hardly
reasonable that my honorable friend should ask
further indulgence on tins question and ash.
that the numerous amendments he sends to the
Chair should be printed, when I very much
suspect the object to be such as he has declared
heretofore, simply for delay. I hope, therefore,
!! that the bill will not be recommitted. 1 believe
! that is the qne.-tion now before the Senate.
; The PRESIDENT pro teniae. The mo-
ll tion now is to print the amendments.
Mr. HENDRICKS. For some reason or
other this bill attracted bat little attention when
it was before the body upon a formeroccasioa,
and it is now receiving that consideration which
if its importance had attracted the attention "of
the Senate it would then have received, 1 have
great confidence in the Senator from Maine
who reported this bill—as much so as any gen-
tleman can have—but I, think this bill ougafcto
be investigated by the Committee on.Finance.
I have always felt, in my connection -with any
legislative body, the great importance of sandl-
ing every measure to its appropriate committee.:
The investigation in the committee-room, I
think, is worth more than the investigation,
anywhere else. Now, this bill relates to the
financial system. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Finance if the original meas-
ure or policy of establishing bonded warehouses
did not come from that committee, and if the
time now fixed for the withdrawal of these-
goods was not upon a bill reported by that ,
committee, or did it come from the Committee
on Commerce?
Mr. FESSENDEN. I can inform the hon-
orable Senator that I really do not know. • I
was not a member of Congress at. th'e time
the original system, was adopted, and I cannot
tell.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Well, sir, I will venture
to guess—and I do not thini there can be any
doubt aboutit—thatit did come from the Finan-
cial Committee, because it relates to the collec-
tion of the revenues of the Government. Itis-a
question as to the credit that shall be given on
the payment of duties from importations. How
that can be considered a ques|ion of commerce
I am not able to see. This is an important
bill, whether the credit shall be one year or
three years. The ten per cent, that is referred
to by the Senator from New York is not a
matter of much consequence. It is only ten
per cent, upon the tax. This bill proposes to
give three years' credit on thepayment of duties
upon importations provided the party will pay
an additional ten per cent, upon the tax itself.
That is not much. It is a change of the system
by which we collect our revenue, and I think
it ought to go to the Committee on Finance.
My judgment does not approve of such a long
credit. I cannot see that it is right, either for
the interest of the Government or dealing
fairly by the manufacturing interest of the
country. It seems to me that it may place the
manufacturers of this country iu an embarrass-
ing position if we allow goods to be brought
from foreign countries and piled up in great
quantities in the warehouses to be thrown upon
the market at any time that cannot be antici-
pated by the manufacturers, it may be this
month, it may be next month, and it may be
six months, according to the caprice oi the
importers. I do not think it js right; but if
the Committee on Finance will say that this
is a proper measure I will withdraw my objec-
tion to it. It is a matter relating more to the
frame-work of the revenue system than to its
very merits, and of course I would yield my
judgment to the opinion of that committee;
'but I do not think this is a question of com-
merce. I think it is one that relates to the
revenues. . •
Mr. CONNESS. The question before the
Senate, it appears now, is on the motion to
print these amendments. I hope we shall get
a vote on that question. When that is dis-
posed of I shall have a word to say about the
question of reference.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted.—yeas 12, nays 22; as follows:
YE 4P—Messrs. Anthony, Buckatgw, Cragin, D;i-
vis, Orimo*. Guthrie, 1Wdl°'
Shciman. Sprague, and Vail Winkle 12. __
NAYSAyossTs. Chandler, Connes", Doolittle, Fcs-
«™<lon Foster, Harris, Howe, Johnson. Ivirkwood,
MeThmVall Morgan, JIom!l,N<-smith,Po!and,Pomo-
royfsKfsB^er.TrumbuU, Wadc.WiUoy, Wil-
11ADSKNT—MessrSTBrown, Clark, Cowan, Creswcll,
Dixon. Foot. Henderson, Howard, Lane ot .Indiana,
T,--jvh' of Kun^fis, Nyc, Vvauisey, Suulsbury, btockton 
Wilson, and AYright—10.
So the motion was not agreed to.
