1326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The re-
mainder of the motion is that the bill and
amendments bo referred to the Committee ou
Finance.
Mr. MORRILL. In reply to my honoral/le
friend from Indiana, I desire to say that the
subject-matter of this bill is certainly not one
of finance. If there is any question touching
finance in it, it is incidental. The bonded ware-
house system as a measure was a commercial
measure, a measure of commerce the regula-
tion of commerce. This is a proposition to
amend that measure. The tax which it pro-
poses was simply an incident. Therefore, I
submit that the subject-matter is not as my
honorable friend supposes ; it is the regulation
of commerce, and the tax is simply an incident.
Therefore, it does not properly belong to the
Committee on Finance.
Another reason urged by the honorable Sen-
ator why it should be examined by the Com-
mittee on Finance—I am not sure that 1 quote
him exactly—is, that it involves a question of
the inlcrests between commerce and American
iiidustry-manutaetuies. What is that question ?
Is that linuncc?
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is incidental.
Mr. MORRILL. Thatiaineidental, undoubt-
edly ; but if it is a question, it is a mixed ques-
tion, to say the best of it; it is a question fall-
ing as properly under the Committee 011 Com-
merce, 1 submit, as the Committee011 Finance.
It embraces two systems, neither of which
originally belonged to the Committee on Fi-
nance. One of them, certainly, the question
of commerce, would go to the Committee on
Commerce, and the question of manufactures
would go to the'comniitlee of which my hon-
orable friend from Rhode Island is himself
chairman. 1 submit, thereiore, that the bill has
received the consideration of the committee to
which it. properly belongs. If the Senate are
satisfied that it lias been properly considered,
1 hope that it will not refer it to the Commit-
tee on Finance, anil that the bill will have the
action of 11n* Senate at the present time.
Mr. VAX WINRLE. 1 should like to ask
the Senator from Maine, u ho I believe reported
this bill from the Committee 011 Commerce,
whether the question that has been raised by
the honorable Senator from Rhode Island
as to the cilect of this long credit, this long
time for the storage of these goods, upon man-
ulketnres has been considered by that com-
mittee; and if so, whether he could give us
some inl'01 umtion on the subject. My own im-
pression is that the foieign manufacturer lias
a great advantage out the domestic manufac-
turer in this way: he can pile up goods of a
certain kind in these warehouses, and the Amer-
ican manufacturer is debarred from mamilae-
tuiitig the same kind ol goods tor lear of o\cr-
owding the market, and when the foieign
manufacturer sees a favorable opportunity, or
when he sees some American manufacturer
about einlnii King in it, then we have the old
game so often played by English manufactur-
ers, and if lias been said assisted at times by
the English (!overnm<ul, of thi owing these
goods on the maiket to ei.it.li the American
manufacturer. If 1 am wrong in this, if liiere
is no such possibility, [ should like to know it.
Ifihe Committee on Commerce considered
that question, perhaps there is 110 necessity for
a. further reference of the bill : but. 1 should be
inclined to adopt die gentleman's own sugges-
tion and send it to the Commit tee on Manufac-
tures for a leporl on that subject.
Mr. MO UK ILL. in reply to the Senator
from West Virginia. I will say that subject was
considered by the Committee 011 Commerce,
ami it was referred to the Secretary of the
Treasury for information. I did not report the
bill to the Senate, though I considered it in
committee. The Senator from New York [Mr.
HonoAx] reported the bill to the Senate, and
lie had the information from the Secretary of
the J reasury which satisfied the com mi! tee that
upon the precise question submitted by the
Senator from West Virginia there was no reason
tor apprehension. I will give way to thu Sen-
ator from New York, who will give the Senator
more information than I can on that point.
Mr. MORGAN. 'The bill was submitted to
the Secretary of the Ti easnry and met his entire
approval. The view that he took of it was, that
inasmuch as at the expiration of a year the
importer could export his goods to Canada or
any near port in the West Indies and import
them again, that expense might as well go into
the Treasury. He therefore thought that an
additional duty of ten per cent, would be equiva-
lent to the expense of exporting and reimport-
ing, which ho thought belonged to the Treasury.
The bill was drawn in the Treasury Department
originally.
Mr. CONFESS. I wish to point out to some
Senators, if I can get their attention upon this
very point, the facility with which this expor-
tation may be made on the Pacific coast. The
port of San Francisco is the third in degree in
the payment, of duties on foreign imports in the
United States. The port of Victoria, a British
port in British Columbia, within two days of San
Francisco, is a free port, to which these goods
may be exported and brought back and entered
less the ten per cent.; and we stand in our own
light and encourage foreign industries and for-
eign trade, and throw obstacles in the way of
getting duties npon imports if we fail to pass
this bill. I hold in my hand a letter received
this morning from a Boston merchant, wdio has
a cargo of hides which has remained more than
a j ear. by an error, as he states, in bond. Ho
desires to withdraw them, and he cannot do it
without the passage of this bill. He wants to
pay the Government the duty upon them. He
is compelled to expoi t them. Similar state-
ments have come here 3 ear after year, and now
a general provision is proposed to meet these
difficulties that have been pro\ ided by special
legislation each year, and to impose ten per
cent, additional for the privilege, and there is
opposition to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will ask the Senator
another question. Is not that quite as likely
to occur at the expiration of three years as at
the expiration of one year?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It cannot.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Why not?
Mr. FESSENDEX". Because they cannot,
keep them (hat length of time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The parties hold them
over a year, and I do not see but that they are
just as likely to hold them three years.
Mr CONNESS. it is rather a fai'-fetelied
question.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. I will say to the Sen-
ator (hat if they remain more than three years
without being entered for consumption or ex-
ported, they are liable to be sold at auction.
Mr. CONX'ESS. ^ os, fir; that is the ease.
1 was going to address myself in brief to the
irencral objections that have been made by the
Senator from Rhode Island to this bill. If 1
could appreciate them at all in the sense in
which he has spoken, that the passage of this
bill would be an injury to the domestic manu-
factures, I would hesitate before it could get
any vote of mine. My vote has been given
consistently since I have had a scat in the
Senate in favor of giving all the advantage we
could by legislation to the protection of Amer-
ican industry and manufactures. Rut, sir, as
I undoi'j tand that question, it is involved in the
amount ot tax that we impose upon the for-
eign product. When that, proposition comes
before (he Senate we will have an opportunity
to discuss it and vote upon it. Rut, sir, if to
protect the maim fact iirer means that you shall
not extend taciiities to commerce, that }'0u
shall impede commerce, that you shall lay em-
bargos upon commerce and ships, then indeed
I would hesitate before I would vote for a pro-
tective policy any longer. I think the agency
of this Government should not bo employed
to impede any industry; and with the disposi-
tion that exists so strongly in the American
Congress at the present time to stand by do-
mestic industry, [ must say that I am aston-
I ished to find any gentleman representing that
! industiy pursuing the course pursued hero by
the Senatorfrom Rhode Island. Sir, this coun-
try cannot exist upon domestic industry and
manufactures alone. It has other interests,
and those desire protection and require to be
facilitated by the acts of the Government.
Those great interests are agriculture, com-
merce, and trade. Is it wise, except as we do
it by the discreet imposition of duties npon
foreign products, to do any thing that impedes
trade ?
But, sir, I am forbidden from discussing this
subject. I have avoided presenting any view
upon it because I desire to get a vote upon it.
Mr. GUTHRIE. My impression from the
first has been in favor of passingthis bill. I had
occasion once to look into the subject of ware-
housing goods, and during that time the system
was a good deal of an experiment. The whole
object was to extend the commerce of the coun-
try. One groat difficulty was that our vessels
trading with the islands of South America could
not obtain assorted varieties of cargoes in our
own land and wore often driven to Europe to
make out their cargoes, and thus compelled to
extend their voyages. Upon a careful consid-
eration of the subject I concluded that it was
best we should have in our great commercial
emporiums a variety of goods, so that our ves-
sels could get their cargoes without crossing the
Atlantic, and that we could carry 011 our trade
with the countries that lay more contiguous to
us to greater advantage than the}' could other-
wise, and in the position I was in I promoted
that as much as I could, and I believe to the
benefit of our trade with foreign countries, and
particularly with South America and those isl-
ands that we can easily reach. I cannot see
either how goods brought here for reexporta-
tion to other markets can affect the manufac-
turers of this country.
There is 110 fear in my mind that a three
years' warehousing system will be extended so
as to include the largest portion of manufac-
tured merchandise; there are but few articles
that will lie over two or three years, and then
the cost of that will not enable the owners to
make much by it. It is true that when an im-
porter has a large quantity of goods in ware-
house and the homo market furnishes him a prof-
itable sale, he will enter them for consumption.
That is one of the chances he lias in making
the importation and risking his money. An-
other advantage is the furnishing assorted car-
goes to those that trade to countries with which
we are connected. In the view I was able to
give this subject during the four years that my
attention was particularly called to it, I see 110
disadvantage to the manufacturer and great
advantage to the commerce of the country in
this warehouse system. 'The time will never
come when a large quantity of goods in our
warehouses will prevent any great demand for
domestic manufactures, for the domestic man-
ufactures will come in competition with them.
But is it not right that this country should havo
the benefit of this system in the commerce and
trade of the country ? The manufacturers have
all the benefits of the tariff that is granted by
our laws. Therefore I see nothingln this bill
that I will not vote for, and I do not think I
am voting against the manufacturer or his rights
and interests. I think if we ever intend to
compete for the commerce of the world at New
York and our Atlantic ports, and for the com-
merce ol the world 011 the Pacific, we must have
this warehousing system and havo it extended.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that this bill with the amendments be
referred to the Committee on Finance.
'1 he motion was not agreed to.
I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is 011 the first amendment proposed
by the Senator from Rhodo Island, which is to
strike ont the words "one year" in the thir-
teenth line of the first section and insert the
words ': three m onths.''
Mr. SPRAGUE. Tbe object of all the amend-
ments I have saggested in to ingraft upon the
warehouse system the fifth section of the act
approved August 5, 1861. I will read that law:
"Sec. 5. And be it further enacted That, all goods
