2286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
bylaw thathereafterwhenever any person subject to
the llulcs and Articles of War shall be tried by court-
martial for any alleged offense, and the finding of the
court shall be that the person tried is not guilty of the
charge or charges against him, the president and
judge advocate or recorder of the court shall give a
•written certificate of acquittal to the accused, who
shall then be released from arrest or confinement.
INTElfkAL REVENUE FRAUDS.
Mr. HIGBY. I offer the following resolu-
tion, upon which I demand the previous ques-
tion : «S*
Whereas it is alleged in responsible public journals
and elsewhere that in the enforcement of the revenue
laws at the custom-houses in Boston and New York,
and the adjustraen t of elni ms for the violation thereof,
frauds have been committed upon the United States,
and parties involved in said alleged violations; and
whereasitisinlikomannor alleged that similar frauds
have heen committed in the enforcement of the in-
ternal revenue laws, and in the adjustmontof claims
for the violation thereof in said cities: Therefore,
Itemlwd, That the Committee on Public Expendi-
tures be instructed to investigate all such alleged
frauds, and that for that purpose they be authorized
to send for persons and papers, and, if necessary, to
sit during the recess of Congress, at such place as they
shall deem most economical and efficient, and by such
number, not exceeding three, of said committee, as
they may deem advisable.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. HIGBY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
npon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
claims against venezuela.
Mr. DRIGGS submitted the following res-
olution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of State bo requested
to turmsh this llouso with alist of the claims of citi-
zens of the United States now pending in the United
States legation at Caracas against the United States
of Venezuela with a brief indication of the causes of
complaint, and tho reasons why payments have not
been enforced dining a long scries of years, and what
measures are necessary to bring these long-deferred
claims to a speedy close.
Mr. DRIGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which tho resolution was adopted; and also
movetl that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
st. joseph missouri.
Mr. LOAN introduced a bill declaring St.
Joseph, in tho State of Missouri, a port of
delivery; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
st. louis wharf.
Mr. BLOW introduced a bill to allow the
extension of tho wharf at St. Louis, Missouri;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVENS. I am instructed by the
joint committee on reconstruction to report a
joint resolution proposing an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States.
Tho joint resolution was read a first and
second time. It is as follows :
A joint resolution proposing an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States.
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of lleprescnt-
atives of the united States of-America in Congress
a^emblcd,.(two thirds of both Houses concurring,)
Anat the following article be proposed to the Legis-
latures oi the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which, when rati-
iled by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be
valid as part of the Constitution, namely:
Article —.
Sec. I. No shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of tho United States; nor shall any State
aeprive any person ot life, liberty, or property with-
out due process of law; nor deny to any person
within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the
laws.
Sec. % Rcprescntativesshallbeapportionedamong
the several States which may be included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of perdons in cach State, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed. I3ut whenever in any
State the elective franchise shall be denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abridged, except for par-
ticipation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of rep-
resentation in such State shall be reduced in the
proportion which the number of malo citizens shall
bear to the whole number of such male citizens not
less than twenty-one years of nge.
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to the late insur-
rection, giving it aid and comfort, shall be excluded
from the right to vote for Representative^ in Con-
gress and for electors for President and Vice Pres-
ident of the United States.
Sec. 4. Neither the United States nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt,or obligation already
incurred, or which may hereafter be incurred, in aid
of insurrection or of war against the United States,
or any claim for compensation for loss of involun-
tary service or labor.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation the provisions of this
article.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that this joint res-
olution be postponed until Tuesday of next
week after the reading of the Journal, and be
made the special order for that day, and from
day to day until disposed of, and that it be
printed.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to inquire whether
this report of the committee on reconstruction
is intended to supersede the special report lately
made in reference to the State of Tennessee;
or whether thai special report is to be first con-
sidered and disposed of before this shall be
reached.
Mr. STEVENS. This does not supersede
that j if the House shall choose, that special
re£>ort can be taken up at any time. I move
that the joint resolution just reported be made
the special order for Tuesday of next week
after the reading of the Journal, and that it be
printed.
Mr. ROSS. I have no objection to this being
made the special order at the time indicated,
subject to the prior consideration of the tariff
and revenue hills, if they come up previously.
The SPEAKER. This must be made a
special order or not; it cannot depend upon a
contingency.
Mr. ROSS. Then I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the
rule? for the purpose I have named.
The question was taken; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 89, noes 20.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. ANCONA called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Tho question was taken; and it was decided
in tho affirmative—yeas 107, nays 20, not vot-
ing 56; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Delos It. Ashley, Baker, Banks,Baxter, Beaman,Ben-
jamin, Bidwell, Binsham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell,
Brandegee, Bromwell, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coriklmg, Cook, Cullom, Dar-
ling, l)awe?, "Dcfrecs, Delano, Dcming, Dodge, Don-
nelly. Driges, Eliot, l^arnsworth, Ferry, Garfield. Gvin-
nell, Gnswold. Abncr C. Harding, Henderson, lligby,
Holmes, Hotehkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D.
Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James It.Hubbell, Hul-
burd, lngersoll, Jenckcs, Julian, Kclley,Kelso, Kuy-
kendall, Lafiin, George V. Lawrence, William Law-
rence, Loan, Lonsyear, Lynch, Maiston,Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, Mclvee, Mcllucr, Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Morris, Moulton, Ortii, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Pike,
Plan 1*, William 11. Randall, Alexander H. Rice.Rol-
worth, Wiialoy, Williams. James F. Wilson, Stephen
Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—IU7.
NA\S—Messrs. Aneona, Bergen, Coyer, Coffroth,
Dawson, Eldridgc, Finck, Grider, Aaron Harding,
James M. Humphrey, Latham, Marshall, Niblack,
isicholson, Rittcr, Russ, Strouse, Taylor, Thornton,
and Wijiheld—^!0.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. James M. Ashley, Bald-
win, Barker, Broomall, Bundy, Chanlcr, Culver, Da-
vis, I>cm?on, Dixon, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Far-
quhar, (ilossbrenner, Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Hart,
Hayes, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, DcmasHubbard, Edwin
N. Ilubbell, James Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kas-
son, Kerr, Ketchara, Le Blond, MeCullough, Mclndoe,
Mercur, Myers, Newell, Noell, O'Neill, Patterson,
Pomeroy, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Ray-
mond, John H. Rice, Roger?, Scofield, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Starr. Taber, Trimble, Van Aernam, Robert T.
Van Horn, Welker, and Wright—56.
So the motion to suspend the rules "was
agreed to, two thirds voting in the affirmative.
During the roll-call,
Mr. THAYER said: My colleague, Mr.
O'Neill, is detained from the House in con-
sequence of indisposition; he is paired on all
political questions with my colleague, Mr.
Randall #
Mr. ANCONA said: My colleague, Mr.
JoHxspN, is paired with Mr. Hooper, of
Massachusetts.
The result of the vote was announced as
above.
The question was taken upon postponing the
further consideration of the joint resolution till
Tuesday of next week, after the reading of the
Journal, and making it the special order for
that day, and from day to day until disposed of;
and it was agreed to.
Thejoint resolution was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I am also instructed by
the joint committee on reconstruction to report
a bill to provide for restoring the States lately
in insurrection to their full political rights.
The bill was read a first and second time.
It is as follows:
A bill to provide for restoring the States lately in
insurrection to their full political rights.
Whereas it is expedient that the States lately in
insurrection should, at the earliest day consistent
with the future peace and safety of the Union, be
restored to lull participation in all political rights;
and whereas the Congress did, by joint resolution,
propose for ratification to the Legislatures of the
several States, as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, an article in the lollowing
words, to wit:
Article —.
Sec. 1. No State shall make or enforce any law
which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of
citizens of the United States; nor shall any State
depiive any person of liie, libertj , or propelly with-
out due process ot law; nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection oi the laws,
Sec. 2. Rcprescntativcsshall be apportioned among
the several States which may be included within this
Union, according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State, ex-
cluding Indians not taxed. But whenever, in any
State, the elective franchise shall be denied to any
portion of its male citizens not less than twenty-one
years of age, or in any way abiidged except lor par-
ticipation in rebellion or other crime, the basis of
representation in such State shall be reduced m tho
proportion which the number ot such male citizens
shall bear to the whole number of male citizens
not less than twenty-one years of age.
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to the late insur-
rection, giving it aid and comloit, shall bo excluded
fiom the right to vote for Representatives in Con-
gress, and for electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of the United States.
Sec. 4. Neither tho United States nor any State
shall assume or pay any debt or obligation already
incurred, or which may hereafter be incurred, m aicl
of insuriection or of wai aganibi the United States,
or any claim for compensation 1'or loss oi involuntary
service or labor.
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce,
by appropriate legislation, the provisions of this
article.
-Now, therefore,
_ Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United States of America in Congress assem-
bled, That whenever the above-recited amendment
shall have become part ot the Constitution ot tho
United States, and any State lately in indirection
shall have ratified the same, and shall have modified
its constitution and laws in conformity therewith,
the Senators and Representatives Irom such btate,
if found duly elected andqnalihed, may, altcrhaving
taken the required oaths of otiiee, be admitted into
Congress as such.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That when any
State lately in insurrection shall have ratified the
foregoing amendment to the Constitution, any port
of the dircct tax under the act of August 5, itfol,
which may remain due and unpaid in such State
may be assumed and paid by such State; and the
payment thereof, upon proper assurances irom such
State to be given to the Secretary of the Tieasury of
the United States, may be postponed for a period
not exceeding ten years from and alter the passage
ol this act.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the farther
consideration of this hill be postponed till
Wednesday of next week, after the reading of
the Journal, and be made the special order for
that day, and from day to day until disposed of,
and be printed.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules lie
suspended for that purpose.
The question was taken; and two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative, the motion was agreed to.
The bill was accordingly postponed until
Wednesday of next week, after the reading
of the Journal, and made the special order for
that day, and from day to day until disposed of,
and was ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I am further instructed by
