1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2287
the same committee to report a bill declaring
certain persons ineligible to olliee under the
Government of the United States.
The bill was read a iirst and second time.
It is as follows:
A hill declaring: certain persons ineligible to office
under the Government of the united states.
Be it enacted bj/ihe Senate and Home of llepresenta-
tives of the United States of America ui (.onoress assem-
bled, That no person shall be eligible to any othce
under the Government of the United States who is
included in any of the following classes, namely:
1. The president and vioo picsidcnt of the confed-
erate States of America, so called, and the heads of
departments thereof.
2. Those who in other countries acted as agents of
the confederate States of America, so called.
3. Heads of Departments of the United States, offi-
cers of the Army and Navy of the United States, and
all persons educated ot the Military or Naval Acad-
emy of the United States, judges of the courts of the
United States, and members of either House of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress of the United States who gave
aid or comfort to the lato rebellion.
4. Those who actcd as officers of tho confederate
States of America, so called, above tho grade of col-
onel in the army or master in (he navy, and any one
who, as Governor of either of the so-called confed-
erate States, gave aid or comfort to the rebellion.
5. Those who have treated officers or soldiers or
sailors of tho Army or Navy of the United States,
captured during the late war, otherwise than lawfully
as prisoners of war. - *
Mr. STEVENS. I move that tho further
consideration oi' this bill be postponed until
Thursday of next week, after the reading of
ijte Journal, and be made the special order for
that day, and from day to day until disposed
of, and that it be printed.
; Mr. ELDRIDGE. I object.
."Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended for tho purpose of making it a spe-
cial order for Thursday week next.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays, and tellers on the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The rules were then suspended.
The bill was ordered to be printed, and made
the special order for Thursday week next, alter
the morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the com-
mittee to say that it is designed, as soon as the
testimony is printed, that a short report will be
made by the committee in furtherance of the
objects now reported.
APPROPRIATIONS FOR FREEDMKN's BUREAU.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent of the House to report from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations a bill making appropri-
ations for the uses of tho Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lauds, for. he (iseal
year commencing January 1, l>S(j(>. and that it
be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and made the special
order for to-morrow after the morning hour.
Mr. BOSS, is that report in order'.'
The SPEAKER. The committee have a
right to report for commitment, but not for
action.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, ordered to be printed, and
made the special order for to-morrow after the
morning hour.
CONFISCATION.
Mr. STEVENS. I present a substitute for
House bill No. 63, to double the pensions of
those who were pensioners by the casualties
of the late war, and to pay the damages done
to loyal men by the rebel government and rebel
raiders, and to enforce the confiscation laws so
as to pay the same out of the confiscated prop-
erty of the enemy, and move that it be printed.
There was no objection, and the substitute
was received and ordered to be printed.
Mr. S' 'EVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution calling for
information:
Whereas the House did, by resolution dated March
5, 1866, request the President to inform them how
many pardons had been granted by him, to whom,
and for what offenses, and how much forfeited prop-
erty had been restored to rebel owners, and to whom,
to which no answer haa yet been returned: Therefore,
J3e it resolved, That the President be requested at
bis earliest convenience to communicate said infor-
mation, as it is needed for the purposes of legislation.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
LIQUOR IN TUB OAVITOIj.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, my col-
league, [Mr. Price,] who has been called away,
desired I should move, which I do, that he be
excused from further service on the committee
of conference in reference to the sale of liquor
in the Capitol.
Tho motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Gkisneu. to fill the vacancy.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Mr. Raxiult,, of
Pennsylvania, stated to tne that lie would he
absent to-day, and 1 move thatjio be excused
from further service on the same committee."
The motion was agreed to; and the Speaker
appointed Mr. Dawson to fill the vacancy.
leatl'l 01' absence.
On motion of Mr. BERGEN, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. T.u;ek for one week.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON, leave of
absence was granted to him for ten days.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, leave of ab-
sence was granted to him for one week.
A PAIR.
Mr. ELDRIDGE stated that he understood
Mr. Rogers was paired with Mr. Hclbcrd.
KIYF.lt AND HARBOR BH.L.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union bo dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
river and harbor bill.
Objection was made.
Mr. ELIOT. 1 move to suspend tho rules
for that purpose.
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes noes 28.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds
voting in the affirmative, and the Committee
of the Whole was discharged from the further
consideration of House bill No. being the
river and harbor bill.
The House proceeded to consider the bill,
which was read in full.
WITHDRAWAL OF PAPERS.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
obtained leave to withdraw from tho files of the
House tho papers in the case of Marchant &
Co., and P. lioseerans, leaving copies of the
same.
provost marshal ouxeral fry.
Mr. BLAINE. Will the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot] yield to me a
moment?
Mr. ELTOT. Yes, sir.
Mr. BLAINE. I hold in my hand a letter
from Provost Marshal General Fry, which I
ask to have read.at the Clerk's desk for the
double purpose of vindicating myself from the
charge of having stated in debate last week
what was false, and also for the purpose, which
I am sure will commend itself to the House,
of allowing fair play to an honorable man in
the same forum in which he has been assailed.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous
consent to have it read, is there objection?
Mr. CONKLING. I infer that this has some
reference to mo. I shall make no objection
provided I may have an opportunity to reply
to whatever the letter may call l'or hereafter.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope this will be post-
poned until we get through this bill. I object
to interrupting it in this way.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to suspend the rules
to allow it to be read.
The SPEAKER. Tho House is now en-
gaged in the consideration of a bill brought up
unSer a suspension of the rules: it cannot,
therefore, suspend the rules to consider another
matter.
IUVER AND HARBOR BILL AGAIN.
Mr. ELIOT. The Committee on Commerce
have deemed it to be their duty to offer this
bill at this time for the consideration of the
House and for their favorable action, and, as
they believe, for the promotion of the common
welfare. The. Constitution of the United States
empowers it, the people demand it, and the
i necessities of the public require it. We ask
for the expenditure of money and we believe
that it can be. shown that every dollar of ap-
propriation asked for will, if judiciously applied,
return thirty-fold into the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. The time has come when loyal
people look to Congress for help in the direc-
tion of this bill. Daring all the war tho Com-
mittee on Commerce have persistently refused
to report any bill on this subject although jje-
titions have been before them lime and again.
And the people have been content; they have
been expending life and treasure to save the
life of the nation. The work of war lias called
them from their homes. That work has been
well accomplished and thoroughly. And now
from every loyal section of the land petitions
have come up demanding the action of Con-
gross in behalf of works where the highest in-
dustrial interests of the country are involved.
Mr. Speaker, I do not propose at this time
to discuss the rightful power of Congress un-
der the Constitution to legislate in this manner.
It would seem as though that question ought
to be deemed settled. It has been discussed
for many years by the ablest men who have
represented their various constituencies upon
tins floor and in the Senate. Whatever theo-
rists may say, I believe that it is certain that
the practical common sense of this country
demands and will receive but one solution. ,
Perhaps, however, I may say, in reporting
this bill, that the Committee on Commerce liavo
been guided somewhat by the principles of a '
resolution which obtained the sanction of this
House nearly twenty years ago, t,o which I will
refer. On the 21st, of December, 1847, the
gentleman from Illinois [.Mr. Wentwortu]
offered the following resolution :
"Resolved, That tho General Government has tho
power to construct such harbors and improvo such
rivers as arc necessary and proper for the protection
of our Navy and of our commerce, and also for tha 0
defenses of our country."
Tho principle of that resolution covers the
appropriations called for in this bill, and I find
while on the vote taken on the resolution the
names of Jacob Thompson and others of that
class aro recordedin the negative, that besides
the names of several gentlemen who are here
upon the floor who are recorded in the affirma-
tive, there were three not hero who gave to that
resolution, and to the principle of the resolu-
tion, theauthority oftheir distinguished names.
I refer to John Qniney Adams, Abraham Lin-
coln, and Andrew Johnson, all of whom sus-
tained the resolution in tho terms which I have
read.
Nearly forty years ago Mr. Webster emphat-
ically gave his opinion, which he said had been
expressed some twenty years before that time,
in favor of the general power of Congress, and
of the policy of its exercise by the Government.
1 hold in my hand an extract from Mr. Web-
ster, which I will read. It is as follows:
"Congress has power to rcgulafo commerce, both
internal and external, and whatever might havo
been thought to bo tho literal interpretation of these
terms wo know the construction to havo boon, irom
the very first assembling of Congress, and by tho very
men who framed the Constitution, that tho regula-
tion of commerco comprehended Mich measures a3
were necessary for its support, its improvement, its
advancement, and justified such expenditures as
piers, beacons, and light-house*, and the cleaning
out of harbors required. Instance* ot thissort in tho
application ofthcgeneral revenue have been frequent
from the commencement of the Government. As tho
same form, piecibdy, exists in relation to internal as
well as external trade, it not easy to see why like
expenditures might not bo justified when made on
internal objects. The vast regions of the West are
penetrated by rivers to which tho^e of Europe are
but as rills and brooks. But the navigation of those
noble streams, washing as they do the margin of one
third oi tho States of the Union, was obstructed by
obstacles capable of being removed, and yet not likely
to be removed but by the power of the General (gov-
ernment. Was this a justifiable object oi expendi-
ture from the national Treasury? WUhoat hesita-
tion I have thought it was. A vast chain of laltes.
it it be not more proper to call them a succession or
inland seas, stretches into the deep interior ot tms
northern part of the continent, as if kmdly placed
there by Providence to break the continuity ot tua
