1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
263
. and fatigued of our brave boys as they marclied j
through our State to and from the Potomac J
and the Peninsula. They have the same love '
for the Union now that they had then, and they ;
never will consent to part with it. The politi- j
cal power of the State is to-day in the hands of j
loyal men, and it will remain there unless in- |
judicious and unwise measures like this divide 1
us. The great body of the Union clement of
the State has already spoken out against these
measures. Every State and county Union con-
vention that has met since it was agitated has
pronounced against it, and the only hope that
the rebels of Maryland have got for the future
is to attempt to divide us from the great Re-
publican party of the country. We love that
party because it has been true to the Union and
opposed to human slavery ; we love it because
it helped to save our State, and because it did
not believe "the war to be a failure," nor be-
come disheartened at temporary disaster or
defeat.
On last Wednesday the Union Governor of
Maryland delivered his annual message. He
is a man than whom no one more true to his
country nor more devoted to the colored race
ever lived. Hear what he speaks as the senti-
ment of the State:
"The distinctive characteristics and admitted an-
tagonism oI the two races cannot be lost sight of m
the settlement of these giuve is&ut'b. In UiseubMng
the claim of universal negro suffrage, we must under-
stand, in the vers' outset, the cflect of the measure in
its lull bearing upon the southern and border States.
It matters not, in fomc of the States, whether the ne-
gio is invested with the right to vote or not. The ex-
ercise of suffrage cause?! no disturbance of existing
relations Lt wu admit liis ughl lo \ ote, we cunnol
justly oxelndo lnm fiom our representative; Halls,
from the government of our States and cities, and
every other privilege known to our laws. The right
to vote assumes the oxexciso of the power thus con-
ferred for the exclusive benefit of his own race. The
cflect, then, of universal negro suffrage is the virtual
tranter of southern State*- and southern temtoiy,
and it mny ho same of the border States, to the. ulti-
mate possession and control of the negro; it is the
f-ui>titution of the African for the Anglo-Saxon race
in a hus?e section of our national domain.
"With the southern and middle {States, perhaps our
own, this issue of negro suffrage is a subject of the
gravest import. Massachusetts, with her nine or ten
thousand negroes, in an aggregate population of
1,200,000 souls; Maine, with her 000 in an aggregate
of more than GOO.Ui'O; Vermont, 700 in an aggregate
of more than SOO.OUO; New Hampshire, 500 in an ag-
gregate of more than 500,000. and other free States
standing in the numerical relation, would hardly
claim to approach tins issue ft om a common si and-
point. oven with our own State. The loyal men of
the South, admitted to be ever so limited in num-
ber, stand in no relation which would justify, even if
the power existed under the Constitution, the forcible
surrender of their country into the hands of the Afri-
can race."
The Lieutenant Governor, an original "un-
com pensated'J emancipationist, and a man who,
years a^ro. was persecuted because he enter-
tained abolition sentiments, thus addresses the
Seriate of Maryland:
"As citizens of this old State of Maryland we have
much to feel proud of, much to thank (rod for. Upon
the very border, with hostile armies surging back
and forth over our soil year after year, connected by
blood and social ties wit h those who lifted the arm of
rebellion, our faith and loyalty have continued m- ,
violate: and if. daring n short reign of terror, the j
polar star of' duty seemed to he hidden from view, it |
was but tho drifting of a cloud over its fair surface, ,
leaving its radiance purer and clearer for the moment- !
ary obscuration. ISo State claims at this Injur, or i
will cominand in the annals of the future, a prouder .
record. Not content to yield up her sons a sacrifice |
upon the altar of the country, she took in advance a
step toward the extinction of that fatal cause of con-
tention which culminated in the recent conflict of
arm*. The first note of freedom went forth fiom these
Halls, proclaiming that within the limits of this old
Commonwealth, at lcaat, human bondage should no
longer exist. ^Since then other States have wheeled
into line, until it has become morally certain that,
if in after years rebellion should ever again lift its
hidcou-3 front upon American soil, it will find no ral-
lying centcr upon the question of slavery. With the
extinction of this trreat evil, and the brilliant vista
of prosperity which that act opens before us, are pre-
sented unfulfilled duties and obligations to the eman-
cipated people within ourbordeis, which we cannot,
which we dare not, overlook, if we would; the prompt
eonsidmation of which is demanded by every prin-
ciple of humanity, advancing civilization, and an
•cn'ightened public opinion. I allude not hoie to the
question of suffrage. However correct the atiirm jtivc
theory, it is evident that the time for legislation upon
this subject has not arrived in this country vet. and
certainly not in this State. The problem must be Mt
to work out its own solution. But independent of tliis
arc obligations to the colored people of which we must
acquit ourselves at once, and which are the logical
sequences of emancipation."
Sir, what are the evils we apprehend from the
passage of this bill? They are dimply the nat-
ural results that How from a new condition of
things inaugurated here, and that will inevitably
have its effect on the colored people of my State.
So soon as emancipation was enacted here, thou-
sands of slaves left the State and came into the
District—how many thousand I do not know.
Why did they come here ? To get free; for no other
reason. And mark me well, the same thing will
follow the passage of this law. The poor fel-
lows have heard so much talk about voting, that
so soon as they hear they can vote in the Dis-
trict we will find them coming by the thousand.
And "what advantage will it be to them ? Simply
nothing but to vote. And how in my own State?
You will lindthatthesharp, designing, ambitious
negro, and there are a few such, will, improve
their opportunities by telling them that the white
men of Maryland are cheating them of their
rights, and incite tlicm to discontent, the result
of which will be a bitterness of feeling, and in
the end a struggle to obtain the right to vote.
Suppose the right is given them, what then ? Is
there any danger: arc they not all loyal; will
they not all vote on the side of the Union ? Mr.
Speaker, 1 doubt it. 1 know many loyal negroes,
and some who are not loyal. But the negroes
as a general thing are the most quiet, passive,
lamb-like beings on earth. They will never
forget a friend ; seldom ever their old masters.
Although they are free, many of them will not
leave their old homes. Those who have, find
homes elsewhere, on the lanre farms or in the
city, and work for wages as laborers. They, in
time, will become as much attached to their
new employer as they were to him who formerly
owned them. All that is required is to treat
them kindly, and f venture the abortion—there
may be exceptionable ras<>s here and there, but
as a general thing—the foi merma^ter or llie new
oinplo) ei will, nine eases (Hit often, exert more
influence in obtaining their \oie lliau all oilier
influences combined The cflect of this will be
to give the rebels more influence than tlicy now
possess.
Suppoee I am wrong in this, and that party
will control them, but that they will vote as a
class and a race, just as we do. What will be
the effect, then?
According to the census of 18(10, tin? aggre-
gate white male population of tin1 State was
25(>,8'j0; free colored male, o'L ?4G : slave male
(free) 44.;)];]: making free colored 84.05'.) to
250.859 free white.
You will find that the colored population is
so unevenly and unequally distributed that in the
city of Baltimore, with a white male population
of 88,000. there were but 10,000 free male col-
ored, while in Anne Arundel, with a male white
population of 0,258, there were free male col-
ored 0.238. The effect of this unequal disti i-
bution will be that in some parts of the State
the free colored voters will not only possess
the balance of power, but will lie puwciful
enough to outvote the whiles altogether. The
moment this takes place, 1 fear the negro will
be the loser in the conflict for the mastery.
Observe the relative numbers of the two
classes as exhibited in the following table :
Mafa,white. Fret male, (olor<-d.
Calvert county 2,044 
Caroline county 'U>14  1.768
Charles county 2.0JJ  -v!o8
Borchester county 5,003 4,1-*3
Kent county 3,91-3  3,124
Montgomery county. . . .">,804  3.-138
Prince George's county. A853 7,114
Queen Anne county  -H20 3.8SQ
St. Mary's county 0.472   4,217
Talbot county  4,0o5  3,392
Compare, sir, the<e statistics with the average
white males and colored males in other States,
and 3*ou will find why gentlemen from the North
and West arc not influenced by the same mo-
tives and causes that influence me, and why I
can disagree wilh them and not be classed
with the enemies- of the negro. Tn Maine the
population is divided thus: male, white, 010, "•SO;
free male, colored, distributed among six-
teen cmnties; and the highest number of male
colored ia any county i^ 212: and in this county
(Cumberland) there are 36,950 male whites.
New Hampshire has a white male population
of 159,563. She has a free male colored pop-
ulation of 253, divided up into ten counties;
and the greatest number in any one county is
G7. That county (Merrimack) has 20,306 white
males.
Vermont has 158,415 white males, and 371
free m;ile colored. The greatest number of
male colored in any one county is 78, and that
county (Rutland) has 18,267 male whites.
Jlhodc Island lias 82,802 white males, and
1,831 free male colored, distributed among five
counties; and the highest number of male col-
ored in any one county is in Providence, which
has 808 to 51,000 male whites.
Massachusetts has 592,2-14 white males and
4,409 free male colored, distributed amongfour-
teen counties; and tho highest number of blacks
in any one county is in Suffolk, where the pro-
portion is 91,055 white males to 1,089 free col-
ored males.
New York has 1,910,354 male whites to 23,178
male colored; Pennsylvania, 1,427,945 male
whites to 20,878male colored; Ohio, 1,171,720
male whites to 18,442 male colored ; and so you
may continue throughout the whole catalogue,
and you will find (he same disproportion in fa-
vor of tho whites in the North and West. But,
sir, it is useless for mo to say further on this
subject.
Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I do not desire
my action on this bill, or tho votes I shall give
on those of similar importance, to be miscon-
strued, either by this ITonse or the country.
Koine may suppose that because I am not in fa-
vor of negro suffrage. 1 am an enemy to the ne-
gro'. Sir, 1 am not his enemy, but his friend,
and shall continue to be his triend so long aa
he continues to merit.my friendship. 1 enlisted
in the cause of emancipation in my State at a
time win n. to be an emancipationist, was to be
hated ami despised by mam of mc\ best and
warmest friends. I have stood tun* ami .-lead-
fast with tbe.-e parties, anil intend to remain
with them so long as they represent the true
Union sentiment of my State. 1 shall vote for
no mea-iire or connect myself with any party
that would citiierdopii\ e the black man of what
he already lias or that would oppose the con-
ferring upon him all the rights necessary and
essential in securing to him life, liberty, the
pursuit of happiness, and the enjoyment of the
frails of his own labor. I am neither disposed
to "take a step backward" nor to pull down
what for four years I have been aiding, in my
humble way. to build up.
The negro is free. I will do all in my power
to make his freedom a blessing to him and to
us. As a freeman, he is entitled to acquire and
dispose of real and other property, to labor and
receive the avails and proceeds of his labor, to
have his life, liberty, and person protected by
the same laws that proteet me. 1 am in favor
of the pa.-sagc and enfoi cement of such laws as
will carry out those objects. T will go further,
and say that as he shall have the right to con-
tract, so shall he not oulvhave the right to en-
force his contract, but io that end shall be re-
ceived as a witness in a courl ol'juslice on the
same terms, and subject to the same laws as are
binding onus. Tt, would bean outrage, a shame
on the American people of to-day, if, after they
had freed these poor unfortunate beings, and
had placed them amongthose who have offered
their freedom where they are compelled to work
out their own redemption, and to earn their
own livelihood, we were to refuse to throw
around them such legal guards as will prove
thiir only protection and secure to them the
enforcement, of their rights.
I will go even further than this, and will veto
for all nieasufes to elevate their condition, and
to edueatc them separate and apait from thg
whites, so that they may not only properly ap-
preciate the freedom they now ha1, e, but become
fitted to exercise the higher duties of freemen
whenever tho dominant, race see proper to con-
fer such privileges upon them hereafter. In
all this I conceive I act the part of the philan-
thropist, and no less the friend of my own than
of the black race. In refuging at this time to
