1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
had before them first the constitution of the
State of Nebraska, which they examined and
found a very liberal and a very good constitu-
tion, analogous to most of the constitutions of
the States, indeed almost a copy of the consti-
tutions of many of the western States. There
is nothing in it to which any gentleman here
would object except that clause which restricts
the franchise to white persons. That question
I do not propose to discuss, because no new
light can possibly be thrown upon it. Those
who are resolved that that shall be an objec-
tion to the admission of a State will, I suppose,
remain of that opinion, whatever may be said.
I defy any man to throw any new light on that
subject; every one's mind is made up on it.
As to the Territory itself it is in a very ex-
cellent condition; the people are prosperous
and happy, I believe; they have an excellent
climate and soil. It is one of the best Terri-
tories in the Union.
Mr. SUMNER. How large a population?
Mr. WADE. I am assured by gentlemen
who have been there and know all about it that
the population cannot now be less than sixty
thousand. I have a certificate from the Sec-
retary of the Territory showing the number of
votes given at the last election, which was on
the ratification of the constitution; and the
whole number of votes, as appears by the ab-
stract of votes filed in the secretary's office,
was 8,084. This is a very large Territory with
a people scattered over a very large compass,
so that they do not find it convenient to turn
out and vote as tliev do in more thickly popu-
lated communities where the polls are not so
far off and where the roads are facile and good.
For that reason when you come to estimate the
number of inhabitants from the number of vot-
ers in these western Territories a large allow-
ance should be made on that account. I sup-
pose, as a general thing, there are about six
inhabitants to a voter, on the average. I am
informed by the Delegate from Nebraska that
there is no question that there were 1,500 vot-
ers in the Territory who did not appear at the
polls. He has no doubt of that. From all the
tight I can get on the subject—and that is the
judgment of all with whom i have conversed—
there cannot be less than sixty thousand inhab-
itants there. The Territory is settling up with
unprecedented rapidity ; settlers are going in
there very fast, as I an\ informed and believe.
There are one hundred and fifty-five miles of
railroad in it, of course giving great facilities
for the occupation and settlement of the Terri-
tory ; and the number of voters denotes a pop-
ulation as large as most of the Territories we
have admitted as States.
I do not suppose that any extended argu-
ment need be made on this subject, because
when a Territory is ripe for admission as a
State, when the people think themselves capa-
ble of carrying on a State government, when
thqy feel that they would like to have the con-
trol of their own affairs in their own hands,
it has been the policy of the Government to
grant them that privilege. 1 never knew more
than one case, and that the case of Colorado,
where Congress set themselves up as the guard-
ians of a people who had deliberately made
up their judgment that they had sufficient pop-
ulation and ability to carry on a State govern-
ment. A Territory is always an incumbrance
to the General Government; it is attended with
a good deal of expense; and to relieve the
General Government of that burden is a point
of some importance; and certainly when the
intelligent people of the United States residing
in a Territory anywhere have deliberately made
up their minds that they are wealthy enough
and numerous enough to set up for themselves,
their decision ought to be respected. It is like
the case of a family. When younger members
in good standing believe themselves capable of
taking care of themselves, it is for the interest
of the whole concern to permit them to do so.
These people ha\o formed a very good consti-
tution; they are able to conduct their own
affairs ; and I have no doubt that they will be
one of the most prosperous States immediately
if you pass this bill.
Now, sir, if I were to talk two hours I could
throw no more light on the subject, and in view
of the little time there is left to us I do not
wish to talk. I will say no more, unless some
gentleman desires to ask a question that I may
or may not be prepared to answer.
Mr. JOHNSON. What was the majority for
the constitution?
Mr. WADE. About one hundred and fifty,
I think. I see no reason why Nebraska should
not be admitted as a State.
Mr. SUMNER. I am very sorry to occupy
the attention of the Senate even for one min-
ute. I certainly, however, shall be very brief.
The Senator from Onio tells us that the ma-
jority of the people in favor of the State gov-
ernment was about one hundred and fifty. Sir,
it is by such a slender, slim majority out of
eight thousand voters that you are now called
to invest this Territory with the powers and
prerogatives of a State. I think the smallness
of that majority is an argument against any
action on your part; but if you go behind that
small majority and look at the number of voters,
it seems to me that the argument still increases,
for the Senator tells us there were but eight
thousand voters. Sir, the question is, will you
invest those eight thousand voters with the same
powers and prerogatives in this Chamber which
are now enjoyed by New York and Pennsyl-
vania and other States of this Union. I think
the argument on that head is unanswerable.
It would be unreasonable for you to invest them
with those powers and prerogatives at this time.
But, sir, I am free to confess that with me
the prevailing consideration is that this State
does not present itself with a constitution re-
publican in form, and on that question I chal-
lenge the deliberate judgment of my excellent
friend, the Senator from Ohio, who is now try-
ing to introduce this Territory into the Union
as a State. I challenge that distinguished Sen-
ator to show that a constitution which on its
face disqualifies citizens on account of color
and .disfranchises them can be republican in
form. Sir, I say it is not a republican gov-
ernment, and I am sorry that my distinguished
friend lends his countenance on this occasion
to a government of such a character. I wish
that my friend could lift himself to the argu-
ment that such a government cannot be repub-
lican in form, and must not be welcomed as
such on this floor.
But I forbear entering into the argument.
On other occasions, again and again, I have
gone over the argument. Senators, I know,
have made up then- minds. Each must judge
for himself. It is not without pain and trouble
that I find that I am constrained to differ from
valued friends and associates about me, with
whom I am always proud to agree ; but I can-
not recognize a constitution like that as repub-
lican in form. Believing as I do, it is my duty
to oppose the recognition of this Territory as
a State just so long as I can. I hope, sir, that
the motion of the Senator will not prevail.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I will
at this time interpose a motion which I think
ought to be acceptable to all Senators. I move
the reference of this bill to the Committee on
the Judiciary with instructions to report as to
the population of the Territory and whether the
constitution of the State has been adopted by
a fair vote of the people. It is known, I pre-
sume, to all Senators that the validity of this
election has been disputed; and that question
ought to be settled before we admit the State.
It is disputed by the local authorities, as I un-
derstand, or among the local authorities ; it is
disputed by the people of the Territory. This
measure comesbeforeusjust at the close of the
session when it is impossible to make this in-
vestigation. If Nebraska is entitled to admis-
sion as a State, it is not important that she be
admitted now, for the reason that her Senators
and Representatives could not participate in
legislation except for a single day. The time
for, adjournment is fixed at twenty-three hours
from this time. If it were early in the session
and it were important that she should be rep-
resented upon this floor, the question would be
somewhat different; but as we adjourn to-mor-
row it is not important that she be admitted
to-day, and no_ Senator, as I think, ought to
ask the admission of a State when the integ-
rity of the election itself is disputed. From
what I have heard about it, I do not believe the
election was a fair one. I am told that votes
were rejected which ought to have been counted.
I am told that in some localities votes were re-
ceived that ought not to have been received.
When this allegation was made in respect to the
elections in Kansas it was thought proper to in-
vestigate the subject, to investigate it very thor-
oughly. There was no haste to bring in the
State then by the Senator from Ohio over those
averments. Now, sir, when the charge is made
that the election has not been a fair one, the
motion I make is a reasonable one that this bill
and all the papers connected with it be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary with instruc-
tions to inquire into these two matters, the
population of the Territory and the question
whether the vote upon the adoption of the
constitution was a fair one.
Mr. WADE. I hope that this motion will
not prevail. It is a very extraordinary motion
for any gentleman to make. This matter lias
been before one committee that I am bound to
believe was competent to decide all there was
involved; at all events competent enough to
decide that there is no evidence to the con-
trary of their finding. It is very easy for any
gentleman to oppose the admission of a Stale,
and to gctup andsay there is something unfair
about it. I never have heard of it. The gen-
tleman says he has heard somewhere that there
is some dispute about the votes here. There
is nothing in the papers that indicates that.
The Governor of the Territory says that the
election was held, that the people voted upon this
question, and he tells the number of votes they
gave and the majority that was found in favor
of the constitution, and he does not intimate
anywhere what the gentleman has alluded to,
that there was anything unfair about it, any-
thing wrong about it, and I never heard it
until now; but upon his mere statement that
he has heard somewhere some vague rumor,
he proposes that this State may be postponed
and kept out of the Union ad libitum. He says
it is not very important that they be admitted
now because the session is near the close. Can
the Senator tell mo how soon an extra session
will be called on some great occasion that may
arise? Is it not well to have Senators all the
year round, whether you are in session or not,
ready to be called upon whenever the exigency
may arise to call for their counsel? Who ever
heard of such a motion as this, to postpone
such a measure because a Senator lias some-
where heard—he does not tell us where or
how—that there was something unfair in the
voting in this Territory, when here, under the
seal of the officers of the government, we have
the constitution, we have the votes, we have
everything that enables us at any time to bring
a State into the Union ? I do not think it well
to debate this any more, for I do not suppose
on the bare motion of a Senator, withont show-
ing any reason, the bill will be referred to any
committee.
In the next place, as for the Senator from
Massachusetts, he challenges me to show that
this constitution is republican in form. Vt ell,
sir, it is republican in form, but is not that
kind of republicanism that I approve of. If I
had my way about it nobody would be excluded
from the franchise that was a male citizen of
proper age, let his color be what it would.
That would be the color of republicanism that
I should like the best; but to deny that under
the Constitution of the United States this con-
stitution is republican in form is to deny that
we have a republic at all, for when the Gov-
ernment was formed I believe there was not
more than one State at all events that was re-
publican in form unless this is republican ia
