4208
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
form. It is republican in form and also in sub-
stance, for 1 do not suppose (and I am in-
formed that there are not) that there are fifty
colored persons in the whole Territory; but
they ought to vote if there was bat one. I
grant you that. So it has been in the State
from which I come, and in the States from
which most of ns come. They all have the
right of suffrage, but their not having that
right now ought not to be an impediment in
the way of this whole people having anything
to do with conducting their own affairs, nor
does it conduce to bring near the time when
everybody will consent that every person of
pfbper age and proper mind shall be entitled
to vote. It does not conduce to that end to
postpone these measures in this way. I know
full well that the Senate has voted for a con-
stitutional amendment fixing forever the status
of the southern States and all States not per-
mitting colored people to vote except by the
consent of their State, just as this is. It does
not look to making that compulsory on thorn
by the Government of the United States, but
leaves it to the States to say who shall be their
voters, giving them some inducement to do
justice to all men. I know that inducement
is having its effect and will very soon work out
that problem which the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is so desirous to solve now; and he is
not more desirous nor eager for that time to
comc than f am. But, sir, it is all futile to
say that when every new State has been admit-
ted with a constitution in this particular like
the one before us, wo shall now declare that
this State shall be kept at arm's ends because
it lias done just as every other State has done
heretofore; l'or no new State has yet knocked
at our doors with a constitution admitting col-
ored people to the franchise—not one. Why
make an exception of this? I want universal,
impartial suffrage; [ want a great many other
things in this constitution that 1 do not see
here, and I hope the time will come when they
will be lixed according to my standard of what
they ought to be; but then I am not their
judge. They must judge of these matters for
themselves. The State constitution is repub-
lican in form, but it is not as perfectly so, as
far as suffrage is concerned, as I wish it was;
but, it is just as good as its neighbors are now.
The State of Massachusetts is a little forward
on this subject. 1 am glad of it. New En-
gland, 1 believe, has generally got over this
color-phobia, which is fast vanishing away
everywhere. No ; Connecticut has not; she
stands as firmly as any State in the Union upon
that discrimination. I am sorry for it, but I
think she will outgrow it very soon.
But, however, 1 will not argue these old, dry
questions over again. We all understand them,
and it is in vain now at this time of day to make
a discrimination against this State because she
has done like every other Slate that has come
into the Union, with a constitution precisely
the same as every other had, and not at all dif-
ferent in this respect. Therefore 1 hope with-
out further delay that it will bo the judgment
ot the Senate that she should he admitted.
Here arc her Senators, gentlemen of the great-
est reputation, able to represent her on this
floor*with ability and to the advantage of the
people of the State, knocking at your doors,
ready to take a part in the Government and all
that interests them ; and why should we keep
them out? I know some gentlemen who are
very eager apparently to keep I his State out
would be very willing to take in other States,
more doubtful in character than this, with any
constitution they might get up. I do not go
on that principle. 1 feel a little impartial; but
if there is any partiality on my mind it is for
the State that has never erred, never made a
misstep, which is all erect, up to the very high-
water mark of modern improvements in gov-
ernment. Let her in ; and if you have other
States that are lagging behind, the momentyou
can make it safe tor us that they shall be rep-
resented I am with you. But this State has
sever in her progress from a Territory to a
State been hostile to the glorious old flag of
the country; she never raised an impious arm
against the General Government; she comes
here as a legitimate daughter of the Republic,
now arrived at age and claiming her participa-
tion in the management of affairs, and I say let
her in without further parley.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator asks, when
was a motion such as I have submitted made
upon a mere rumor? I say such a motion was
made just yesterday when the credentials of a
Senator were laid upon the table. Senators
stated that upon rumor they had heard that
that Senator had occupied a position which
excluded him from the Senate, and upon that
rumor and statement the Senator himself, I
believe, said that the credentials ought to go to
the Judiciary Committee.
Mr. WADE. I said nothing about it one
way or the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. By a citizen of Ne-
braska I was told this morning that there were
such frauds in this election that it was entitled
to no respect from honorable men.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Just at this point I
would like to inquire of the Senator from In-
diana or the Senator from Ohio, whether the
election that took place on the adoption of the
constitution was under the provisions of the
enabling act while the enabling act was still in
force or was at some voluntary election which
took place afterward. I do not know what
the fact is.
Mr. HENDRICKS. On the motion which
I submitted I did not intend to discuss the
merits at all except to present to the Senate
the question that I thought ought to bo inves-
tigated by a committee. Now, I understand
the fact to be that this constitution never was
adopted by a convention under tiie enabling
act at all, but it is a constitution presented to
the people by the Legislature of the Territory,
and that it does not come here at all under the
enabling act; but I did not choose to discuss
that now.
I say that I have been told by a citizen of
the Territory that there were frauds in the
election. Senators will recollect that no one
pretends that this constitution was adopted by
any considerable majority, perhaps about one
hundred. According to the papers it was about
one hundred.
Mr. WADE. About one hundred. I have
the certificate here.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Where thousands are
voting either way, as the Senator says, a vote
sufficient toindioate a population, ashethinks,
of sixty thousand, where thousands are voting
upon either side and there is but one hundred
majority upon the grave question whether a
State government shall be fastened upon the
people with a constitution of a peculiar form,
and the averment is made by a citizen of the
Territory and by the public journals of the
country that that election is tainted with fraud,
the Senator says that it ought not to bo inves-
tigated ; at least that the question has been
before a committee competent to investigate it.
I do not question that; but does the Senator
say that ho has investigated it ? Does the Sen-
ator say that he has looked at all into that
question ? On the contrary, he says he has
found no occasion to investigate it.
Mr. WADE. The first time I have ever
heard there was any trouble about that elec-
tion was from the Senator this morning, and
he does not give us authority for it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A Senator near by me
says it is notorious. I have seen it in the news-
papers, and this morning it was stated to me by
a citizen of the State, quite as strong an aver-
ment as was made yesterday when the Senate
thought it proper to send the credentials of a
Senator to a committee. Now, I submit, I
believe that there were frauds in the election
from what I am told. I have no doubt of it
from what I have been told.
Mr. POMEROY. What election?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The election adopting
the constitution. Now, here is one hundred
between the parties, a very small majority;
and is it unreasonable to ask that that question
be investigated?
I am perfectly willing to say that the Sen-
ator's own committee shall investigate it. I
am not particular about that. All we want is
a fair investigation ; and 1 know if he under-
took it, he would give it that sort of an inves-
tigation ; but here at the close of the session,
when there is no injury done to the State by
that course, we ask simply that it be referred
to a committee.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I have heard
nothing yet but rumor, and that of the weakest
character; and the Senator from Indiana tries
to give point and weight to rumor in this mat-
ter because, he says, rumor was alluded to yes-
terday on the question of the reference of certain
credentials, and he insinuates that I saidsome-
thingthen about rumor. Sir, I made no speech
on that subject, and I did not cast, my vote in
that case upon any mere rumor ; nor did F un-
derstand the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Fes-
sendes,] who spoke on that subject, and who
probably stated the views of a majority, to pro-
ceed upon the mere idea of rumor. So far
from it, I understood him to say distinctly that
if there was only a rumor he would not proceed
on it or ground any action upon it. He said
that he was at onetime prepared to vote against
the reference of those credentials because the
objection seemed to be based upon nothing but
rumor; hut he had been relieved of that by the
fact that gentlemen who were the friends and
advocates of the admission of that applicant,
acting apparently as counsel by his side, ad-
mitted the fact that he had presided in a court
hostile to the General Government, and had,
of course, taken an oath to support a hostile
government. That stood admitted ; it was the
basis of the argument of the friends of the
gentleman applying for admission, and that
being the case, I understood the Senator from
Maine to insist that what was originally a mere
rumor had become a part of the record by the
admission of the advocate on the other side,
and therefore he acted upon that admission.
So, then, we did not act on rumors yesterday.
We pay no more regard to them in our legisla-
tive proceedings than would a court in judicial
proceedings.
Does the Senator suppose that he is to im-
peach the integrity of the people of a Territory
upon the bare breath of scandal that, he has
heard from the mouths of men or from party
pewspapers? Do we act upon that here in
Congress? I take it no Senator's mind is in-
fluenced by any such stuff. That is not the
basis of onr action. Now, what have we au-
thentic? We have the certificate of the author-
ized officers of the Territory whose business it
is to certify the facts to us, and there is not a
word or a breath to impeach it. Who shall
rise here and by his mere breath blow away
these substantial, authentic documents by say-
ing there are tumors of fraud? But, then, if
there is not any fraud, it is said, the smallness
of the majority is another great reason. I sup-
posed that wc were a Government of majori-
ties; that when the majority had determined a
question, that question was determined, whether
it was important or otherwise. Sir, many of
the most important questions that ever came
before this nation, nay, sir, questions which
have fixed the character of our institutions for
ages, have been decided by one single vote. If
we had only had one vote more on one occa-
sion in the old Continental Congress we should
have escaped entirely from this terrible contro-
versy that we have had over the subject of
black and white, slave or free. If New Jersey
had been there, if one member from New Jer-
sey had been there, who would have voted in
the direction of freedom, we should have been
saved much trouble. His bare absence, one
vote, fix^d the status of the Government, and
entailed upon us all the evils we have had.
Will a Democrat rise here and tell me "You
have got a majority of one hundred, but what
is that on a great question?" Sir, the standing
