1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE,
Richardson, praying for an increase of pension,
reported adversely thereon, and asked to be dis-
charged from, its further consideration; which
was agreed to.
Mr. CLAKK, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred the bill (8.
-No. 34) in relation to the qualifications of jur-
ors and to writs of error in certain cases, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. CLAE.R. The same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 14) in relation to the
qualifications of jurors in certain cases, have in-
structed me to ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, the matter being provided
for in the bill just reported.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS, from the Committee on Pen-
sions, to whom was referred the petition of Pe-
ter Anderson, praying to be allowed arrears of
pension, reported a bill (S. No. 79) fortheben-
efit of Peter Anderson; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, to whom was referred the petition of J.
B. Rittenhouse, fleet paymaster of the United
States Pacific squadron, prayingthat he may be
relieved from all responsibility for the loss of
the public funds occasioned by robbery while
on duty in Panama, submitted a report accom-
panied by a bill (S. No. 80) for the relief of J.
B. Rittenhouse, fleet paymaster of the Pacific
squadron. The bill was read and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
CONDITION OF TUB SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to print
one hundred thousand copies of the late mes-
sage of the President of the United States "on
the condition of the States lately in rebellion,
have instructed me to report it back with an
amendment. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That one hundred thousand cogies of the
late messagre of the President on the condition of the
States lately in rebellion, with the reports of Lieuten-
ant General Grant and Major General Carl Sehurz,
and the letters annexed thereto, be printed for distri-
bution.
The amendment reported by the Committee
on Printing was to strike out "one hundred"
and insert "ten."
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
MEXICAN FRONTIER.
Mr. CHANDLER submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
lipmlnM, That the President of the United States
be requested to communicate to the Senate, if in his
opinion not inconsistent with the public interest, any
letters from Major General Sheridan, commanding
the military division of the Gulf, or from any other
officer of the department of Texas,'in regard to the
condition of affairs on the southwestern frontier of
the United States, and especially in regard to any
violation of neutrality on the part of the army now
occupying the right bank of tho Rio Grande.
BILL INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
81) ceding to the State of West Virginia' the
lands and tenements, with the rights, privileges,
and appurtenances thereunto pertaining, be-
longing to the United States, and lying and
being in the county of Jefferson, at Harper's
Ferry, in the State of West Virginia; which
was read twice by its title.
fMr. WILLEY^ I move the reference of the
bill to the "Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator if the bill does not relate to the armory
. grounds at Harper's Ferry ? If it does, it seems
to me that the bill ought to be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. I understand
they are now attempting to reestablish the ar-
mory at that place, and the bill would seem to
be more immediately connected with military
affairs than with public lands.
Mr. WILLEY. I had some difficulty as to
what committee the bill ought to be referred
to. I have no objection to its taking the direc-
tion indicated by the Senator from iowa.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the bill should go'
to the Committee on Military Affairs, It is
clearly a question for them to determine.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from West Virginia so modify his mo-
tion?
Mr. WILLEY. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, if there be no objection.
SAN FRANCISCO LAND CLAIM.
Mr. STEWART. I offer the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Pesohed, That the Attorney General be, and he is
hereby, requested to inform the Senate what, if any,
interest the United States have in the prosecution of
the case of "The United States versus The city of San
Francisco," and also to give the Senate full and de-
tailed information as to who are interested in the suc-
cess of the United States in said case, including the
full names of the parties, and each of them, with the
nature of their claims, and how and from'whom de-
rived.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Let it lie over until to-
morrow. I want to reflect on it.
Mr. STEWART. I think the Senator will
have no objection to it. It is a simple inquiry
as to who are the parties prosecuting an appeal
in behalf of the United States. Strange circum-
stances a"re connected with it, and I should like
to have the matter inquired into. The appeal
is prosecuted in the name of the United States.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Very well.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
GENERAL GRANTS REPORT.
Mr. ANTHONY. I offer the following res-
olution:
Resolved, That five hundred copies of tho report
of Lieutenant General Grant, already ordered to be
printed for the use of the Senate, be furnished to the
Lieutenant General.
This does not increase the number of copies,
but merely diverts a portion of them from the
Senate to the Lieutenant General, which is at
the request of his department. 1 ask for the
present consideration of the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 40) directing the
Secretary of War to postpone the sale of pub-
lic property at Point Lookout, Maryland, and
a bill (H. R. No. 84) to regulate the times and
places of holding the district court of the Uni-
ted States within and for the district of Maine;
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
MILITARY PEACE ESTABLISHMENT.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up, with a
view of having it brought before the Senate,
bill No. 67, reported by the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator whether he intends to put that bill on its
passage to-day.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to have it read so
as to bring it before the Senate fairly, and then
I shall not press it to a vot$. I merely wish to
have some progress made with it.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill (S.
No. 07) to increase and fix the military peace
establishment of the United States was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs have reported a substitute for the bill,
and it will not be necessary to read the original
bill; I propose to have the substitute read
merely. The Committee on Military Affairs
unanimously agreed to report it as a substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reading
of the original bill will he dispensed with unless
called for by some member, and the reading of
the words proposed to be inserted by way of
amendment will be read.
The amendment was read. It is to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the bill and insert
the following as a substitute: • . - -
That the military peace establishment of the Uni-
ted, States shall hereafter consist of five regiments-of ~
artillery, twelve regiments of cavalry, fifty-five rogi- *7 *
ments of infantry, and such other forces as shall be
provided for by this act, to he known as"the Army of
the United States.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted;', That the five^regi-
ments of artillery provided for by this1 act shall' con-
sist of the five regiments now organized ; and thefirst,
second, third, and fourth regiments of artillery shall
have the same organization as isnow^rovided byla/w
for the fifth regiment of artilleiy.
Srac. 3. And be it further enacted, That to thosixr^jj-
ments of cavalry now in service there shall be added
six regiments, haying tho sameorgsnization agisno^r
provided by law for cavalry regiments, the first and
second lieutenants of which, and two tlmdsof the offi-
cers above the grade of first lieutenant, shaU be se-
lected from among the officers of volunteer cavalry
who have served two years during the war, and-have-
been distinguished for capacity and good conduct in
the field: Provided, Thatfour of these additional regi-
ments may be armed and drilled as infantry at the
discretion of the President.
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted, That there shall ha-
fifty-five regiments of infantry, to consist of the tea-
regiments of ten companies each now organized; the
nine remaining regiments so distributed that each
battalion, with the addition of two companies, shall
constitute a regiment of ten companies, a$d all the
vacancies in the grades of first and second lieutenant,
and two thirds of the vacancies in the grades above
that of first lieutenant shall be filled byselectionfrom
among tho officers of volunteer infantry or artillery
who have served two years during the war, and have
been distinguished for capacity and good conduct in
the field; ten regiments to be composed of colored
men, to be officered by officers of colored troops, who
have served two years during the war, and who have
been distinguished for capacity and good conduct in
the field; and eight regiments to be composed of men
who have been wounded, or discharged from service-
on account of disease contracted in the lino of duty,
tho officers of which shall be selected from tho Vet-
eran Reservecorps, or other officers of vol unteers who
have been disabled in service; Provided, That pro-
motions in the colored regiments, and in the regiments
of disabled men hereby authorized, shall he confined
to the rogiments of the corps.
Seo. 5. And be it further enacted,' That the volunteer
officers to be selected for appointment, under the pro-
visions of this act, shall be distributed as nearly as
may be among tho States, in proportion to the num-
ber of troops furnished during the war.
Sec. 6. Andbeit further enacted, That each regiment
of infantry provided for by this act shall have one
colonel, one lieutenant colonel, two majors, one ad-
jutant, (an extra lieutenant,) one quartermaster, (an
extralieutenant,)ten captains, ten first and ten second
lieutenants, one sergeant major, one quartermaster
sergeant, one commissary* sergeant, and ten eompa- *
nies, and each company shall have one captain, oncfirst
and one second lieutenant, one first sergeant, fourscr-
geants, eight corporals, two musicians, one wagoner,
and forty-eight privates, and the number of privates
may bo increased to eighty-two, at tho discretion of
tho President, whenever the exigencies of tho service
require such increase.
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That each regiment
in the service of the United States may havo a band,
as now provided b^ law.
Sec. S. And be it further enacted, That all enlist-
ments into the Army shall hereafter be for the term
of five years, and no officers shall be appointed to any
regiment or company until the minimum number of
men shall have been enlisted, and the command duly
organized.
Sj:c. 9. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be one lieutenant general, five major generals, and
ten brigadier generals, who shall have the same pay
and- emoluments, and be entitled to tho same staff
officers in number and grade as now provided by law.
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That the adjutant
general's department of the Army shall hereafter con-
sist of the officers now authorized bylaw, namely: one
adjutant general with the rank, pay, and emoluments
ofa brigadier general; two assistant adjutant gen-
erals with the rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels
of cavalry; four assistant adjutant generals with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of
cavalry^, and thirfceeaassistant adjutant generals with
the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors of cavalry.
Sec. 11. And be it farther enacted. That there shall be
four inspectors general of the Army, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of colonels of cavalry, and five,
assistant inspectors general, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of lieutenant colonels of cavalry.
Src. 12. A nd be it further enacted, That the Bureau
of Military Justice shall hereafter consist of one Judge
Advocate General, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general, and one assistant judge
advocate general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a colonel of cavalry; and the said Judge Ad-
vocate General and his assistant shall receive, revise,
and have recorded, the proceedings of the courts-
martial, courts of inquiry, and military commissions
of the armies of the United States, and shall perform
such other duties as have heretofore been performed
by the Judge Advocate General of the armies of the
United States.
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the quarter-
master general's department of the Army shall here-
after consist of one quartermaster general, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a, brigadier generate
six assistant quartermaster generals, with the rami,
pay, and emoluments of colonels of cavalry; twelve
deputy quartermaster genorals, with the vanlc. jjay,
and emoluments of lieutenant colonels of cavalry;
twenty quartermasters, with the rank, pay, ana emoi-
