1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1829
I do not, propose to make any reflection upon
anybody. I am speaking of the facts.
J have here a table of the total vote at the
elections in different years. In Ano-usf, 18r,l,
the vote was IO..18O; in December. lsi,l,
in October. fV224; in September, li<G4,
0.70:1: in September, 1866. o.S'Jo: so that you
will perceive that from 1801 to 1805 the vote
constantly diminished, being at the beginning
upward of 10.000, and at the end something
upward of o.HOO. And when the constitution
was submitted only 15,025 voted for it. while
li.^iO voted against"it. Now, the precise ques-
tion is. whether .j.SilO voters shall be invested
with the powers of a State; whether they shall
send into this Chamber two Senators, whose
votes shall be eqnulto the vote of New York, of ;
Pennsylvania-, of Ohio, or of Massachusetts ? Is :
that just? Is it fair? Yfhen a State is once ad- J
mittud into the Union, we all know our obliga- |
tions to it under the Constitution: that is, it is j
admitted on a footing of perfect equality ; and j
certainly we should well consider in advance .
before we receive a State into that high equal- i
itv, whether ii is m the numbers at least en-
titled to that equality.
It is not an answer to me to «ay that Penn-
svlvatiia. New York, Ohio, and Massachusetts
have a large political weight in the other House
which this new State, should it be received,
will not have. The question is, whether in this
Senat e it will not have a weight to which such a
number ofvot ers cannot be justly entitled. That
leads me to ask you to consider for one mo-
ment the functions of the Senate. The Senate
of the United States is a peculiar boilv, utterly
without precedent or without parallel in the his-
tory of any other constitutional Government, dif-
fering clearly from the upper House of the Eng-
lish Parliament, differing from the upper House
of the French Chambers, differing from the up-
per House in Prussia, from the upper House in
Italy, and in this respect the Senate oi the L'ni-
t«d States has three functions, ouc legislative,
one diplomatic, and one executive. By its legis-
lative "function it acts in cooperation with the !
other House on all laws of the country, liy its j
diplomatic function it acts, without any cooper- ;
atiou with the oilier House, on all li eatie^ of the j
country: and by its executive function it acts, i
without the otliei House, on all the nominations !
of the Pie-ident. ft hatever may betheprepon- j
deiance of power that the larger States misv have
in the House of P„epro<entatives. that will not
affect the-e two last, functions which are exer-
cised by the Senate of the L mted States, the
diplomatic and the executive; and the ques-
tion is. whether a few more than live thousand
voters in a distant Territory shall be organized
so as to come into this Chamber and oil ques-
tions of diplomacy and on executive questions
to neiuralize the vote of the large States to
which I have referred. Sir. even conceding
that on legislative questions through the pre-
ponderance of the largo States in the other
House there may be a certain remedy to this
disorder, there is no such remedy in the exer-
cise of these two other important functions of
the Senate. I submit, therefore, that it is not
advisable for vis at this moment to invest this
small number of voters with these large polit-
ical powers. They must wait a little longer,
wait until they are more numerous, so as at least
to be entitled to one full Representative in the
other House. 'When the time comes we shall
gladly welcome them. At present, I submit
that the time has not come.
Put then, sir, there is another objection, and
that is on the face of their constitution. I
submit that it is not republican in ionn and
in harmony with the Declaration of independ-
ence. The requirement of this very enabling
act under which they have pretended to pro-
ceed but which, as 1 have shown, was already
exhau.-ted before they entered upon these pro-
ceedings, is as follows:
"T'nf the constitution, when formed, shall bo rc~
v-Ja -n,n.l nSVolant to the Const, tut ion of
tilf I'l.it.'d .-hates aud the principled oi the Declaia-
tion of Independence."
Now."what is the constitution? Article three,
Syxn Coxa. IstSess.—No. 84.
entitled "Suffrage and Elections," begins as j
follows:
"See. 1. Every white male citizen of the age of
twenty-one yAars and upward,who U by birth, or has
become by nauirali/.ation or by treaty, or shall have
declared lii-■ intention to become a oitit.en of the Uni-
ted Stated according to tile laws thereof, audwhoshall
have resided in the State of Colorado for six mouths
preceding any election, and shall have been a inci-
dent lor ten days of the precinct or election district
where he offers to vote, shall bo deemed a qualified
elector and entitled to vote at the same."
There you have the requirement, "every
white male citizen in other words, nobody
who is not "white" under this constitution is
recognized as entitled to the elcctivc franchise.
Now, sir, 1 insist, and on that head I challenge
a reply from any Senator on this floor, that such
a constitution does not comply with the re-
quirement, that it is not republican, and that it
is repugnant to the principles of the Declara-
tion of 1 independence. 1 say that it is not repub-
lican, for the first principle of republican gov-
ernment is equality. Let that be denied, and
you fail in your republican government, t say
still further that the first principle of repub-
lican government is equality; equality in rights
is the lirst of rights.
Mr. McDOUG ALL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask liini a question? In what age of the
world was there a republic where there was
equality? Please answer me that.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, some days
ago I had the honor of discussing that question
at "Treat length before the Senate. X do not
think the Senate is disposed to go into it again,
and certainly 1 am not.
M r. McDOU GALL. 1 would like to have the
single iustance where it existed in ancient times,
m the middle ages, or in the modern ages.
Mr. SUMNER. When I spoke on that sub-
jectfl took occasion to show that there was no
such case. The Senator is right. There was j
no sueli case. It was for our fathers; it was
left to them, when tliov first undertook to con-
stitute a new Government., to establish that as
the essential and cardinal principle of a repub-
lican go's eminent. My answer therefore to the
Senator is precise: there was no such case.
Put tiie true idea of a republican government
began with our fa'hois. and its definition will
be found in their Declaration of independence.
Were they not siiilieiently pieeise? Is their
language vague ? t ou nuiy call it a 'l ghtteiing
goneruhiv." but there it is in an immortal text
whobc truth will be recognized more and more
as tune advances. You may not recognize it
now. but others who come after you will recog-
nize it and do it reverence.
I say. therefore, that this constitution now
before us is repugnant to the principles of the
Declaration of Independence. J say that the
government which it constitutes is not a repub-
lican government. Aud now the question is
bow that dilliculty shall be met. I know well
that Senators may say, but theie are States in
the Union that have the same discrimination.
Connecticut has it; New \ ork has it; but per-
mit lue to say that thj^does not touch the argu-
ment at all. "We have no occasion now to review
the constitution of Connecticut or ot New^ ork,
but we have occasion at this moment in the
discharge of a solemn duty to review the con-
stitution of this proposed State. If there were
occasion in this Chamber to review under the
responsibilities of our olfieial positions the con-
stitution of Connecticut or of New York, my
course would be clear: it would be to say that that
constitution was not republican in form; but
there is no such occasion, and therefore we have
no such responsibility. 1 here are otner States
in this Union with regard to which we have at
this moment that responsibility—and I simply
now allude to them for illustration and they
are the States lately in rebellion : their consti-
tutions have been overthrown or subverted;
new constitutions have been set up ; and it be-
comes the solemn duty of Congress to examine
those constitutions in order to see whether they
are republican in form aud not repnguant to
the principles of the Declaration of Independ-
ence. We have in regard to those States pre-
cisely the same responsibility at this moment
that we have with regard to this new comer,
distant Colorado. We must examine the con-
stitutions and see whether or not they, are in
conformity with those sublime principles which
enter into the true idea of a republican gov-
ernment.
Again, sir, I submit that at this moment, when-
the whole country is agitated by the great ques-
tion, what shall be done for the protection of
the colored race, to what extent we shall exer-
cise the high powers of Congress in order to
carry that protection into the rebel States,- it
will hardly be decent for us in reviewing the
constitution of a new State not to apply to it
the highest possible lest. It will not do for us
now to lecognize this constitution of Colorado
as republican in form. We owe it to ourselves
to set an example and to require that in a State
now organized under our influence ft good ex-
ample shall prevail. How many of us heard
with regret the result last autumn in Comiceti-
,cut, and again in Wisconsin, by which suffrage
to the colored race was denied. We folt that
by those two votes liberty had suffered, that an
enfranchised race was placed in jeopardy, that
its rights were dishonored by those who ought
to have upheld them; and now, sir, you'have
cast upon you in this Chamber that same iden-
tical responsibility. You are with reference to
this constitution of Colorado in the precise
position in which the people of Connecticut
were with regard to their own constitution and
the people of Wisconsin with regard to theira.
Some of us have regretted poignantly the policy
of those two States; I hope there will be no
occasion to regret any similar policy in this
Chamber. And now, sir, in order to bring the
Senate to a to to on that precise question, I send
to the Chair an amendment to the bill.
The PHKSI DENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Massachu-
setts will be read.
The Secrelaryrcad the amendment, namely :
Insert atthccndof tho second section thofollowing
proviso:
J'rovkbtL That this act shall not take effect except
upon the iumlaincrital condition that within the
State there shall be no denial of the ©lootivofranchiso
or of any other rights, on account of color or nice,
but ail persons shall be equal before the law; and
the people of the Territory riiallby a majority of me
at puLliemeetiusstobo convened by the Gov-
ernor of tins Territory, declare their astent to tins
fundament ill condition, und the Governor shall trans-
mit lo the Pr^ulent of the United States an authentie
statement of such absent, whenever the same shall b9
^ivon, upon receipt whereof lie shall by proclamation
announce the fact, whereupon without any other pro-
ceedings on the part of Congress this act shall
effect.
Mr. SUMNER. In offering that amend-
ment I have followed almost precisely what is
known as the Missouri precedent. Senators
will remember that the admission of the State
of Missouri into this Union gave rise to two dif-
ferent controversies, each of which resulted in
what at the time was known as a compromise.
Those two controversies are very often con-
founded. The first controversy was in regard to
what was, in the language of the time, called a
restriction of the State of Missouri itself, requir-
ing that State within a certain period of time
to abolish slavery. That at the time was called
familiarly "the Missouri restriction." It was
opposed, as the history of the time records,
vehemently in both Chambers. At last what
was called the restriction was defeated by a
compromise to this eflect, that the State <d
Missouri should be admitted into the L'nion,
provided that the outlying territory north oi a
certain parallel of latitude shouM be thereafter
! free torritoi'y and slavery therein should^ be
i prohibited. That compromise passed into
j law. 'The State of Missouri then came a seo
; ond time before Congress, but on examining
I ii s constitution it was found to contain a pro,
t vision to the effect that colored persons should
I not be allowed to come within the borders ot
' the State. Then came the Missouri question
m a new form, and in that form it raged in
these Chambers during one session, and when
introduced in this second form Mr. Clay again
interfered and by bis pe.rsuaai'ro influence
brought about a second compromise, which
was that Missouri should be admitted uader a
