1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2289
bor bill;" while he signed a bill for improve-
ments of western lakes and rivers. At the last
session of the same Congress, a joint bill coh-
ering the East and the West was parsed by
Congress. The ycaK upon the passage of that
bill were, as the record shows, 105; the nays
were 9(5. The Senate passed it by 27 yeas to
11 nays. Among the names of those who sup-
ported the bill. I find upon the Journal that of
our distinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr.
SoiiEKctc.] now at the head of the Military
Committee, and also that of the gentleman
from Chicago, [Mr. Wextworth.J Within
ten days afterward Mr. Tyler's term expired ;
and so did the Congress during which the bill
was passed; and the bill remained unsigned in
the portfolio of (he President.
I have referred, -Mr. Speaker, to the report
of Colonel Abert. His report, as chief of Engi-
neers, was communicated to Congress by Mr.
Polk in his first message; and the attention
of Congress was invited to the suggestions
■which it contained. Colonel Abert called
especial attention to the lake navigation, and
.desciibed with a good deal of force the wants,
the commerce, and the national value of the
harbors of the lakes.
Colonel Abert says:
" We spo tho immense wealth and prosperity which
these hnibors have developed and the immense na-
tional interests which require protection—interests
of commerce ami interests of national defense, pro-
tection to vast amounts of property, to numbeis of
lives, and to a powerful auxiliary in time of war.
Now, whotis theproteetion which these vast national
interests require? Harbors, only harbois, means of
entering places of security to load and unload and
for shelter in time of storms. Our Atlanlic coast,
more favorably bi'anted in some rcspccts, calls for
protee-ion in the form of costly fortilications anil of
numerous troops. Our lake coast, as extensive as
that of the Al iantie.is deficient in harbor* and places
of refuse. It calls comparatively but for small pi o-
teetion in the way of fortifications, but it calls for
protection Irom storms and lor lacilities to outer the
harbors."
Well, sir, Congress did attend to the recom-
mendations of the President, and to the sug-
gestions made in that repon; and during that
Congress a bill was passed to protect the
national interests referred to. There are now
some three or four gentlemen upon the floor
who supported that bill. Among them I find
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. SchjsxckJ and
his colleague, [Mr. Dblamo.J the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Goodyfaii,] the gentle-
wan from Chicago, [Mr. Wentwouth.J and
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Grider.]
Jefferson Davis voted in the negative.
There were forty-nine appropriations con-
tained in that hill. All of them except four-
teen were for improvements of the same char-
acter as those which had been approved by
General Jackson during his presidential term.
Mr. Polk vetoed the bill in July or August,
1846. and another smallerbill, which was passed
toward the close of the next session, found its
death in the drawer of the President.
At the next session, December. 1847, bring-
ing it down to the first session of the Thirtieth
Congress, an elaborate message was sent to
Congress, in which for ner arguments against
the protection of national interests of com-
merce were repeated at great length. In 1848
.the House passed another bill covering the
same general gronnd. It was reported to the
Senate on the last day of the session, after
having passed the House, and failed there for
want of time.
There was a valuable bill passed in 1852,
and in the report which I have referred to
from General Delafield will be found the ap-
propriations contained in that bill.
Since then there have been several special
bills, notwithstanding the vetoes of the Presi-
dent, which have become laws. I hold in my
hand three bills passed during the first session
of the Thirty-Fourth Congress, one to deepen
the channels over the flats in St. Mary's river,
Michigan, another to remove obstructions to
■navigation iu the mouth of the Mississippi river
at South Pass and Pass it 1'Outre, and the other
for deepening the channel over the St Clair
Jlats, Michigan. These failed to receive the
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 144.
[ sanction of President Pierce, but were passed
j by the Senate over the veto in July, 1850, and
two days afterward, I believe, were passed by
the House.
There was another bill, first session Thirty-
Fourth Congress, for the improvement of the
Des Moines rapids, Mississippi river. That
was not fortunate enough to receive the Presi-
dent's signature, was returned to tho House on
the 11th of August, 18-3G, and passed the House
the same day and the Senate oil the 10th of
August.
At the end of the first session of the Thirty-
Third Congress a bill was passed and returned
to the House of Representatives without his
signature. At the beginning of the second
session of the same Congress reasons were
communicated at length and the san'ic argu-
ment presented so often made before and so
often answered by the ablest expounders of the
Constitution.
In 1806, we proposed to ascertain, on the
principle of the resolution I referred to at the
commencement of my remarks, whether, after
four years of war, when loyal men of the East
and West have given their fortunes and their
lives to the support, rescue, and preservation
of tho Government, something may not be
done that will enrich the people and the Gov-
ernment at the same time.
Is this work national or sectional? I cannot,
of course, examine into the details of the items
contained in this bill, but there is no item that,
cannot he defended upon its own independent,
ground. There is no one which docs not rest,
upon estimates carefully made at the War De-
partment. If it shall be necessary, I hold
myself prepared, in behalf of the committee,
to justify eaeb .specific appropriation.
1 want now to speak of two items, one con-
cerning the Mississippi river, and the other
concerning the St. Clair flats.
There are four appropriations for the improve-
ment of the Mississippi river, one at its mouth,
one at the Des Moines rapids, one at Hock
Island rapids, and one for the procurement
and use of snag boats to remove obstructions
in western rivers.
I say that it is a national disgrace that the
Mississippi river has been left so long compar-
atively valueless ; not absolutely, for it would
not be possible that the " Father of Waters"
eould be made absolutely valueless, notwith-
standing tho fact that there are at the Des
Moines rapids, the llock Island rapids, and
possibly higher up and before jou reach St.
Paul, obstructions which, during a great, por-
tion of the year, greatly, and at times wholly,
impede the navigation of the river. It is not
only the largest of North American rivers, but,
if we consider it in reference to its tributaries
and to its wonderful commercial facilities, it is
the greatest river in the world. The remotest
source of the Mississippi river is no less than
three thousand one hundred and sixty miles
above the Gulf, at Lake Itasca. For how many
centuries that river has poured its waters into
the Gulf no man knows, but history tells us that,
in 1520, a century before the Pilgrims landed
at Plymouth, the Spanish mariner Pinfedo
sailed around the Gulf and saw what he called
a "little sea." and a mighty river entering in,
which he called the ''river of the Holy Gho't."
And from that time visited as is supposed
by early Spanish and French mariners in the
sixteenth and seventeenth centuries among
whom were Narvaez, De Soto, Marquette, and
La Salle, its stream has rolled for two thousand
miles, passing at several points over ledges of
rock where navigation is made impossible at
times, and is always unsafe and dangerous.
At these rapids the rocks must be removed if
no better way can be found to make safe the
navigation and protect the commerce of the
Mississippi. It was Father Marquette, a Jesuit
priest, who gave or rather who fixed the name
which the Indians had before that time given
to that mighty river. The men who thought
they had discovered the river attempted to
fasten upon it other names, but the old Ojib-
beway name of Mississippi was put into the
books by Father Marquette, and the river has
home that name and must bear it forever. This
bill introduces the name of that same Jesuit
priest in another connection. I suppose that
it is the same man after whom the harbor is
named tor which an appropriation will be found
in this bill, the harbor ot Marquette on Lake
Superior.
Mr. Speaker, I want to ask the attention
of the House to some practical and pretty
important facts going to show the national
importance of these proposed appropriations.
Twenty-five ycais ago all the New -England
States, with Pennsylvania anil Now Yoi k. had
a population of about, six million five hundred
thousand, A census taken this day, after four
years ol war, will show in the seven States of
Illinois, Tiidiana, Ohio, Missouri, Iowa, Mich-
igan, and Minnesota, a population of not less
than ten millions. At the Detroit convention
which was held in July, lSGo. Mr. James F.
Joy, of Detroit, referring to the agricultural
growth of those seven States, said:
"Contrast now the progress of sericulture between
tho two section1*. Ail thoAflmlio St.itos named in
18*>0 produced 20,000.000 bushels wheat, <ind in 1860
had increased tho production only 2,000,000 and risen
to 22,000,000. In the same yours tho lake States
(above named) had nroduc nl 40.000,000 in 1850 and
8S,0QO,000 in I860 of wnc.it. Ot corn, the former State3
produced, in 1850, -17,000,000, ami in i860 57,000,000
mud)els. The lake States produced m 1<v>0, of com/
18VOOO.OOO bushels, and iu I860 ^19,000,000, and at tho
sum cm ate ofnu-ioaso will in ten years moro produce
about 200,000,01)0 bushels of wheat and 000.000,000
busdifls ot corn," * * * * "Now, thero
am ten million peoplo interested in these products,
and to them t ho mailer of access to uiaikol is of tho
first audlast important:"." * * * *
is not the posMbihty of petting to market through
aveuurs now open but t heexpetwooTm> doing which
is involved. Eveiy addiiioiul avenue aids the iaeil-
itiesnnddtminwhestlieexpHiso," *■■***
"With tho miUious ot't ImUost the avenue* to market
is a vital question. When eloseupon tho Mississippi
cot n is burned tor fuel, because t lie expense of send-
ing it to mai kct i^> more than it i.-* worth; when from
Il'inoW, on an aver.ifre, it co>ts tho farmer three
bushels to fret the fourth to m>irket in New York,
nnd mu<h more than that to lay it down in Liver-
pool: velum fiom all the lake States it costs half of
all the flour and wheat to tiie farmer to get tho rest
into the nruk^ta of the world.it 1ms become hi^h
time lot the Government to look a little to the pro-
tection of his interests,"
But, Mr. Speaker, although these seven
States that X have named arc all more or less
interested in those Mississippi* river improve-
ments. there are five States whose interests
are directly and vitally concerned. I refer
to Missouri, Illinois, iowa, Wisconsin, and
Minnesota.
In presenting to the House the national im-
portance of these appropriations, 1 certainly
cannot do better than to refer to some facts
which were laid before the convention held in
February, 18U<>, at. Dubuque, Iowa. My friend
from iowa [Mr. AllisoxJ has furnished me
with a copy of the proceedings of that conven-
tion; and I will read some extracts from a
speech made by Mr. Ilobb, of the Dubuque
Produce Exchange:
"The nnportancoof this Question, and the magni-
tude of the interests involved in its solution, wii! more
cleaily appear on an examination ot'tho productive-
ness of the live States named. In 1860 the whole
number of aoicsof improved land in all tho Suites
and Territories was   163,261,389
Of til is—
Missouri contained  6,240,871
Illinois lo,251.473
Iowa  3,7S0,253
Wisconsin  3,7ib.0.K>
Minnesota  551,307
n..,, • ;  27,579,030
Or a fraction less than one sixth.
"The total value of crops for 1861 is estimated by
tho Agiicultural Bureau of the Department of the
Interior to have been §1,564,543,699
Of this sum-
Illinois produced $214,488,42(5
Wiecon*in  M.M8.852
Missouri  52.996 5*'2
Iowa  VI.100,481
Minnesota  13,168.l-"3
  403,092,474
Or more than one fourth of the value of the entire
crops of the country. But th<*se estimates of vnhio
are the estimated value of the various products in the
States wheie produced. In this way tho value of
articles in the above States appears to a  rreat disad-
vantage, because being so far from market, they are
rated much less than thosame articles in other States,
especially those near the sea-board. The same is true
