4210
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
do not wish to continue this talk about
referring this bill back for us to investigate
whether there is fraud in the election or not,
upon no suspicion of any sort except that a
gentleman says he has heard or read in some
paper that there was some fraud. I hope we
shall have a vote and I hope we shall admit
the State.
Mr. POMEROY. Nebraska has been a
Territory for twelve years. The organic act
passed with the act organizing the Territory
of Kansas, which is now a State. Nebraska
was delayed a good while from the fact that
the emigration to Nebraska was not equal to
what it was to Kansas; and not until they
commenced the construction of the Pacific
railroad and a large impetus was given to emi-
gration, and a large amount of property came
there for taxation, did the people feel that they
could consistently take upon themselves the
duties and burdens of a State government;
but early this year, although the enabling act
was passed some years ago, they commenced,
in the regular, ordinary way, to form a State
constitution. I confess that 1 never heard a
word about frauds in the election from any cit-
izen of Nebraska, and f learn that there are
no frauds charged in any of the papers except-
ing frauds charged upon those who tried to
defeat the constitution.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The honorable Senator
will allow me, before he goes into the question
of IVauds in the election, to ask him a question
of fact. He stated just now that the people
of Nebraska procccdcdundcr this act regularly
to lorm a State constitution. 1 desire to got
at the facts. I observe that the enabling act
required that they should have a convention
and that I,hilt, convention should bo held in
1 J-jsM, and that on the second Tuesday of Octo-
ber, 180-1, the constitution should be submitted
for the ratifica tion of the people. Did they do
that or did they not?
Mr. POME HOY. f understand lliey did
not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This act fixed that day
lor the election.
Mr. POMEliOY. Since the Pacific rail-
road was located there they have believed they
could iu.stitute a State government. Then they
Ihonghuhoy could sustain a State government,
and then, according to the spirit of the act,
but not in the exact time fixed by it, they went
on and formed this constitution.
-Mr. DOOLQ'TLE, Did they hold a con-
vention in 1804?
Mr. POMEKOY. I am not certain.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If they did, did tliey
vote on the constitution?
Mr. POMEliOY. lam not certain. I know
there was no general sentiment among the peo-
ple in favor of it until the last year or so; but
.since the adoption of the constitution the friends
m horn 1 have in Nebraska in great numbers have
wiitton and urged the acceptance of this con-
stitution by the Government. Indeed, I do not
know that there is a party there opposed to it.
All that 1 have learned is that there were some
men holding oilice, as there were in Colorado,
who expected that their occupation would be
fro lie if Nebraska could not be continued as a
Territory, and they have kept up a little party,
and there is a charge of fraud raised. Whether
theie is any truth in it or not I do not know,
but. il is traceable to those who were opposing
the constitution, and I have not seen an in-
sinuation of that sort against those who advo-
cated the adoption of the constitution. I have
been a citizen of a Territory long enough to
know that men who get offices under the Gen-
eral Government that expire when the Terri-
tory becomes a State oppose a State govern-
ment, and they will hold on to a territorial
government as long as they possibly can, and
they will get up a party and they will try to
control the elections. They are the very men
who control the elections, because they are in
public office; they have some patronage and
they kavs some money; and the very men who
appose the organization of a State government
are generally the appointees of the Adminis-
tration, those who would be likely to lose their
offices if the Territory became a State.
Now, I say that if any Territory has been
well prepared and is worthy of admission into
this Union as a State it is Nebraska. She did
not go through all the discipline that my State
went through; but she has had enough of it.
She is ready to throw it off; she is ready to pass
out from under this General Government of
the United States into a national American
government of her own. If there is anything
the American people like, it is their own gov-
ernment. The General Government may be
ever so good, the territorial government may
be ever so kind, yet if it is not a government
of the people it never satisfies them: This
American idea! runs through the hearts of our
citizens everywhere in all the States. Put a
dozen men down in a Territory and they will
go to work and form a State government so as
to have a government of their own. They will
always want to get a government of their own.
It is always a most offensive thing to have
Governors appointed, judges appointed, offi-
cers to rule over them appointed from some
distant State, generally from the East, who
know as little about the West as if they bad
never been there, and yet they have gone down
there and tried to administer government. The
most unpopular and most unfortunate class of
people that go into a new Territory are east-
ern men when they suddenly get an appoint-
ment and go West. The people want to throw
off that kind of government and have a gov-
ernment of their own.
The people of Nebraska have proceeded, I
say, in the spirit of the act; they have a reason-
able amount of population ; they are wealthy;
they are willing to support a State government.
I say it is time they did do it.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, one of the
leading objections to the bill now before the
Senate, insisted upon by the honorable Sena-
tor from Wisconsin is, that there was no law
for holding the election under which the mem-
bers o f the con vention that framed this Nebraska
constitution were elected. I am not so sure
about that. I understand the facts to be that
by the enabling act of 1804 the inhabitants of
Nebraska were authorized to form a State con-
stitution and submit it to a general election to
he held in October, 1804. Undoubtedly the
legal efficacy of the act of 1804 expired from
and after the second Tuesday in October of
that year, because it was on that Tuesday that
there was to be held an election to ratify the
constitution in case the people should have
formed one before that day. But, sir, the
convention which was actually called, if I un-
derstand it righly, was authorized to be called
by a territorial statute. Was not that the ease ?
Mr. WADE. 1 have now learned exactly
how the whole of it was.
Mr. HOWARD. I think if the Senator from
Ohio will look at his certificate, he will see that
the title of the territorial act is recited.
Mr. WADE. I can state now precisely how
it was because I have learned it from one of the
Senators; I could uot got it all from the papers.
The convention met under the enabling act, but
they failed to form a constitution; the Legisla-
ture then met, passed a law referring directly to
the enabling act and conforming to it, framed a
constitution, and by that act submitted it to the
people. That is the constitution that is before
us. The people voted upon the constitution,
and the result of their voting is certified by the
Governor to us. That is all there is of it.
Mr. HENDIIICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Ohio whether the constitution was
framed by a convention or by the Legislature.
Mr. HOWARD. I understand the Senator
from Ohio to say that the constitution now pre-
sented to us was framed by the Territorial Legis-
lature.
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOWARD. And afterward, in pursu-
ance of a territorial statute, submitted to the
voters of the Territory for ratification or rejec-
tion, and there was no formal popular conven-
tion. I believe such to be the state of the case.
I do not conceive that this is any objection.
The whole proceeding for the formation of the
State constitution took place under and by the
authority of the Territorial Legislature; they
prescribed the rules of proceeding ; they sub-
mitted the instrument which was the work of
their own hands, and a very wise and excellent
one I believe, to the consideration of the people,
and the people adopted it as their form of gov-
ernment by a respectable majority. I am snot
able exactly to deny the power of a territorial
Legislature to pass an enabling act for the pur-
pose of taking the sense of the people of the
Territory upon the question of forming a State
government. I have too high a precedent be-
fore me to dispute the validity of such legisla-'
tion. The people of my State, while a Ter-
ritory, through their Territorial Legislature,
passed a similar enabling act, and in 1835 called
a convention which framed a constitution of
government which was afterward adopted by
a vote of the people. I never heard it alleged
there that this territorial statute was invalid,
and that therefore if an elector at the polls had
committed perjury he could not be punished for
it under the subsequent State laws or under the
territorial laws. Sir, I deny such a proposi-
tion. I insist that such an act of legislation by
a territorial government calling an election and
imposing penalties for the crime of perjury in
voting upon such a question is a valid statute,
and that .the crime would be properly cogniza-
ble and punishable by the territorial court, or by
the State court after the Territory should have
changed its territorial condition and become a
State; so that I do not admit that there is any
validity whatever in the objection which is
urged against this bill by the Senator from Wis-
consin, that there was no legal sanction, no legal
protection in the holding of the election for the
ratification of the constitution. I think, sir, a
voter who should swear falsely in getting in his
vote under that territorial act would be justly,
•legally punishable. I have not any doubt of
it, and 1 think you will find that the courts, if
this question has ever been litigated there, will
have held precisely m that way.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the honorable Sen-
ator will allow me to interrupt him for a mo-
ment, there are two facts in connection with
this question which I have been authorized by
a gentleman to state on his responsibility—Mr.
J. L. Gibbs. One fact is this, and it is a fact
which 1 did not know myself; perhaps other
gentlemen of the Senate knew it by informa-
tion : that in 1804, under the enabling act, a
constitution was submitted to the people of
Nebraska and voted down.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe that to have been
the fact.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. And the further fact
that on the present vote upon the State consti-
tution there were two companies of soldiers in
the State belonging to Iowa that happened to
be upon service in Nebraska, who voted for
Governor Stone in Iowa last fall, and who upon
this vote in Nebraska voted on this constitu-
tional question, and immediately on their being
mustered out went to their homes in Iowa—men
whowerenotresidentsofNebraskaatall. These
are facts which he authorizes me to state and
for which he says the affidavits of the captains
of the companies can be given. And now,
sir, my point is this: that where an election is
held 
Mr. K1RKWOOD. I should be glad to know
what Iowa regiment it is.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Two companies.
Mr. K1RKWOOD. What Iowa regiment?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not know the num-
ber of the regiment.
Mr. HOWARD. I yielded to the Senator
from Wisconsin for an explanation, and not for
debate.
Mr, DOOLITTLE. I simply say that it
seems to me that whore the election has been
held, not under the enabling act but outside
of the enabling.act, and where such facts are
