3250
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 18,
had, I believe, a majority of the officers of
highest grades in flic field, and a far greater
share of other official places than under ordi-
nary circumstances is ever given by any Ad-
ministration to its opponents.
Mr. JOHNSON". t ask the gentleman to
yield to me for a moment.
" Mr. RAYMOND. Yes. sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman understands
very well the position which I occupy and which
I maintain.
Mr. RAYMOND. I beg the gentleman to
understand I do not speak of him individually.
I do not speak personally of any one. I speak
of the organization.
Mr. JOHNSON. From the position which
the gentleman has assumed, from the fact that
the Democratic party existed in the country,
does he toll me and this House that the organ-
ization of the Democratic party in a time of
war is deleterious to the purpose of carrying
011 that war?
Mr. RAYMOND. That depends on its
action. [Laughter.]
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman assumed
that the Democratic party existed here as an
organization. I say, speaking of the Repre-
sentatives on this, floor, that they were not
hern, as the gentleman alleges, opposing the
Administration in "crushing out" the rebel-
lion. I say, so far as "crushing out" the
rebellion is concerned, the members of the
Democratic party did not stand together as a
party. There was no Democratic party on
thai point. The Democracy of the country in
the organization took the position of " crush-
ing out" the rebellion.
But there is one thing which the gentleman
himself is now voting tor which places obsta-
cles, now that the war is over, in the way of
restoring the Union until the great abolition
maw of the eountiy may he tilled and satiated;
and that one tiling is tlie proposition to post-
pone the iestoration of the Union until 1K70.
1 lie gentleman will recollect the Crittenden
resolution of July 22, XKlil, declaring that when
the rebellion was crushed the war should end.
Mr. RAYMOND. The gentleman must
excuse nie.
M r. J O H NSON. My distinguished colleague
from Lancaster [Mr. Stevens] voted "no" on
that proposition.
Mr. RAYMOND. I desire to finish what
I have to say some time to-day, and 1 shall noL
be able to do it if I yield the iloor for a gen-
eral discussion of past parly relations to gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House.
Mr. JOHNSON. 1 want the gentleman to
answer me whether the Union is restored to-
day, and whether it can ever be restored until
all the people are represented in the law-mak-
ing power of the Government?
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I do not
know whether 
Mr. NI BLACK. Will the gentleman yield
one moment'?
Mr. RAYMOND. Just for a question.
Mr. N1 BLACK. T desire to inquire whether
or not the great majority of the party to which
the gentleman belongs does not oppose the
present Administration, and whether in doing
so they are disloyal to the Government or not.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, 1 do not
propose to enter into a discussion of all the
new issues which the gentlemen on the other
side seek to spring upon me just now. The
present Administration, so far as I am aware,
is not conducting a war, nor is it seeking to
quell a rebellion ; therefore opposition to that
Administration, however unwise and injurious
it may be, cannot be confounded with disloy-
alty to the (iovernment.
1 repeat what I said before, in spite of all
that has been urged against it, that the Demo-
cratic organization as such did not aid the Ad-
uiinistration in carrying the country through
the war. The Administration. I repeat, had
ifae conduct of the war. It did not exclude
members of the Democratic party from partici-
pation in its councils, but admitted them and
invited their cooperation. It strove in every
possible way to get them to act with it, or in
any way so as to give vigor to the war. It took
its members into its Cabinet and placed emi-
nent Democrats in the field. And yet I believe
that wherever a prominent Democrat anywhere
undertook to sustain the Administration in the
prosecution of the war that man was read out
of its organization just as soon as they could
reach him. I might cite individual instances to
prove this, but it is not worth while to prolong
this discussion.
Now, sir, as to restoring the Union, we are
on the way to it. We ought to have done it
sooner, I admit. The gentlemen on the oppo-
site side will admit, as gentlemen on my own
side will allege against me, that I have done
all in my power to complete that work. It is
not my fault that loyal men who have been
sent from the southern States lately in rebel-
lion are not in their seats here to-day. I have
been ready at any time to act upon the ques-
tion of their admission, from the day I entered
Congress till the present time. I deny the
assertion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania
that I have thrown obstacles in the way of their
admission or of the complete restoration of the
Union. 1 have striven for both—steadily, con-
sistently, and upon principles which I avowed
at the outset, and to which I have sought in
every possible way to give elfect. And I in-
tend to do so still.
The gentleman asks mo when the Union will
be restored. If it depended upon me, sir, it
would be restored this day, so far as the ad-
mission of loyal members from loyal States to
Congress could restore it. I liopo it will be
restored soon—the sooner the better—by the
action of the Union party which holds all the
departments of the Government, and is espe-
cially responsible for the action of Congress,
As 1 said, when this interruption occurred,
that party has established a strong hold on the
confidence of the country by carrying the coun-
try through the war and quelling the rebellion
which threatened its existence. It owes it to
the nation to complete tliG work so well begun ;
to build on the foundation so nobly and so suc-
cessfully laid; ami not to forfeit by unwise
political action the confidence it has earned
by its conduct of the war. It is just as much
the duly of the Union party to-day to complete
the restoration of the Union, to restore every
Stati! to its just rights and relations under the
Constitution, as it was five years ago, and every
day thereafter, to wage vigorous and successful
war upon the rebellion which threatened the
nation's life. And the first great duly it has
to perform in the accomplishment of this end
is so to extend its organization and so liberal-
ize its spirit, as to become a national instead
of a sectional party, as events have compelled
it to be hitherto.
In 1852 the last national convention of the
party opposed to the aggressions of slavery was
held. I ram that time to this we have been
compelled to wage a sectional warfare. But
new that necessity no longer exists. There is
no further need, no longer an excuse for a sec-
tional organization, and the duty of the Union
party to-day is to extend itself into every south-
ern State, and become a national party in or-
ganization as it is in interest and as it should be
in its principles, its purpose, and its sympathies.
The great obstacle to national political action,
slavery, has disappeared. We encounter no
longer in the southern States that great power
which bound them to each other and divided
them from all the world beside. Their inter-
ests are no longer hostile to ours. They are
no longer closed against friendly counsels,
friendly sympathies, and friendly efforts on the
part of the North. They have the same inter-
est in the Constitution that we have, and there
is nothing that can make the South again a
compact unit in its political action hereafter
but hostility on our part toward it.
Sir, I long to see the day when the Union
party shall take ground that will command the
sympathies of the Union-loving men all over
this broad Republic, and give it that basis of
liberality, generosity, and constitutional free-
dom to which by its organization, by its prin-
ciples, and by its history, it is entitled. When
it shall have done that, it will hold a position
from which nothing can drive it. I repeat, sir,
that the great political necessity of the day is
to nationalize the party that has saved the
nation. And all that is needed to accomplish
this result is for the Union party to stand upon
its own ground, to avoid all needless issues,
to await the developments of time and public
discussion before rushing into contests upon
new questions, and to resist resolutely every
endeavor to force upon it principles and meas-
ures which it has never espoused. Let it
plant itself upon national ground, discard all
sectional feeling, extend its organization into
every State, make the interests, rights, honor,
welfare of all sections its own, and it will stand
forever! In such a position and with such
principles it has every department of the Gov-
ernment at its command. All the patronage
and power of the Executive would give weight
and effect to its policy. Thousands of patri-
otic and disinterested Democrats will swell its
ranks and give weight to its councils, and we
shall see an end of the long weary strife of
sections, which once had a reason, a necessity,
and an object, but which, now that slavery is
dead, has them no longer. It is the hope of
such a result that has prompted my action on this
floor during the present session, it is that which
has led me to seek so strongly and so steadily
to maintain harmony of action between the
President and the majority of Congress, for I
knew then, as I know now, that in all the es-
sential principles of their political action both
were united upon new points, points never hith-
erto discussed or decided in the councils of the
Union party. They may differ, as members
differ among themselves on this floor, and as
men must always differ elsewhere. I believe
the nation demands the speedy restoration of
peace and harmony to the Union. It demands
that the political relations of the States to each
other and to the General Government shall be
promptly restored upon the principles of the
Constitution. In some way, by some means,
through one agency or another, the people will
require all this to be accomplished. We shall
have a national party, and that party will have
control of the Government. Why should we.
the Union men of the land, those who saved
the nation, from any mere resentments or mis-
takes, allow that great work to fall into other
hands? It requires no sacrifice which wise and
prudent men may not easily make. We need
relinquish no principle. We need only to for-
bear, to be patient, to court the aid and agency
of time, to be tolerant of differences and tena-
cious of principles and objects in which we
all agree. I rejoice to see in the action of
Congress evidence that time and reflection arc
giving weight to these considerations ; and I
indulge the hope that when we adjourn, stand-
ing upon ground which we hold in common
and referring to the judgment of the people
the decision of questions on which we differ,
we shall go to the country united in purpose,
and having the cooperation of the President
whom we placed in power.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Fokxet,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had indefinitely postponed joint resolution
of the House No. 152, relative to certain guns
captured in the late war.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 108) for the relief of
Samuel Norris, in which the concurrence of
the House was requested.
MEXICAN AFFAIRS.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House the following message from
the President of the United States:
To the House of Representatives:
In reply to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 11th instant, requesting
