1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1331
from the right of suffrage. The construction
of the Constitution from the earliest time down
has left that matter to the States. Whether
they allow negroes to vote or not, is a matter
tor themselves, and their action either way is
not._ in conflict with the Constitution of the
United States. We have no right to make a
constitution for a State. If their constitution
has in it anything in conflict with the Consti-
tution of the United States, we can say to them,
"You must agree not to enforce it," but we
are not here to make a constitution for the
State of Colorado. We are here with power
to restrain her from violating the Constitution
of the United Stales, and that is all. If you
can make this pait of the constitution of Col-
orado, you can make an entire constitution for
her. If you can say she shall come into the
Union on an equal footing with the other States,
provided she shall not have the power to regu-
late the question of suffrage as the other States
have, you can say she shall come in on an equal
footing, provided she would pass some other
favorite law of yours, and you could carry it
through and make her come in with a consti-
tution made for her by you. I think this would
be a very dangerous precedent for the Congress
of the United States to set. It would be mak-
ing constitutions for the States by the Congress
of the United States. If'this clause be inserted
and the State sent back to insert it, and it be
held to be binding, Colorado will not be in the
U nion on an equal footing with the other States,
because she will have no control over the ques-
tion of suffrage, and it has been repeatedly
held that that matter is in the control of the
Slates. It would take away from her one of
her rights as a sovereign State.
I must oppose this amendment on principle.
I do not believe the people of Colorado would
accept it. If they cannot now come in on an
equal footing with the other States, I think it
will lie better for them to struggle along as they
are for the present; and if they do not pros-
per as well as they otherwise would, let them
waii until they can come in with a constitution,
mud''by themselves. Coloiado has complied
with your conditions. Siie has embodied your
constitutional amendment abolishing slavery
ill an ordinance irrevocable. She has adopted
:n die same way the other requirements con-
tained by your enabling act. It seems to me
Jiat good faith, fair dealing requires that we
should act upon this question without making
a new constitution for Colorado. It seems to
me that the interests of the whole country will
be subserved by letting her come in now. She
will certainly prosper more this year by being
in than otherwise, and no great harm will be
done to anybody.
Mr. POMEllOY. lam somewhat acquainted
with Colorado 
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Kan-
sas yield to a motiou to adjourn or go into
' executive se==ion ?
Mr. POMEKOY. I have no objection.
Mr. CRIMES. 1 move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
There is a great deal of business on the Execu-
tive Calendar that ought to be attended to.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the question is put
on the motion of the Senator from low;1., I de-
sire to have an order made for printing my
amendment.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. That order
will he made, if there be no objection.
Mr. RAMSEY. When will the Colorado
bill come up again, if wc now go into executive
session'/
The PRESIDED i pro tempore. It will
come up to-morrow at one o'clock as the un-
finished business of to-day.
Mr. WILSON. t here is a special assign-
ment for one o'clock t0-;nf)i'i0w._ I must in-
sist on going oil with the Army bill then. _
Mr. POME ROY. The unfinished business
w'll take precedence oi that.
Mr. CRIMES, We can settle that point
to-morrow when it arises.
Mr. RAMSEY. I prefer to understand u
novv.
The motion of Mr. Grimes was agreed to;
and after some time spent in executive session
the doors were reopened, and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 12, 1860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyktox.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER announced that the first
business in order was the call of committees for
reports to go upon the Calendar and not to be
brought back on a motion to reconsider, com-
mencing with the Committee of Elections.
No reports were made.
The SPEAKER announced that the next
business in order was the call of States and
Territories for resolutions in the inverse order,
commencing with the State of Indiana, where
it was suspended on the 20th of February.
EOUTRAIT of JOSIIUA It. GIDDIXGS.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Jii-solv/J, That the JointCommitteeon theLibrary
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pur-
chasing the portrait of Hon. Joshua It. Giddings, now
on exhibition in the Congressional Library, and that
they have liberty to report by bill or otherwise.
The poi'trait referred to was painted and is
owned by Miss Ransom, of Cleveland, Ohio.
As a work of art it is as faultless as it is faith-
.fu) m its life-like representation of the great
and good man who for nearly a quarter of a
century in these Halls—
" Faithful stood with prophet finger
Pointing toward the blessed to ho,
When beneath the spread of heaven
Every creature shall be free."
It is fitting and proper that this House should
order such a portrait of such a mail to be placed
among the historic ornaments of the national
Capitol.
1 trust, sir, the resolution may pass unani-
mously, and that the commitec will give it their
early attention.
Mr. ROSS. Is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
Ohio debates the resolution it will go over
under the rule.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I call the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ROSS. We have had enough of pic-
tures. I call for tellers on the resolution.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Ross, and
Ashley of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—'ayes 00, noes 2-i.
Mr. ELDRIDGE demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken : and it was decided
in the aiiirmative—y<aa 'lS! nays 83, not voting
72; as follows:
YEA.S — Messrs". Allison, Ames, Anderson, James
M. Ashler, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Baxter. Beaman,
Bidwell, Bin'-diarn, Elaine, Blow, Boutwell, Broomail,
Buckland, Bundy, Cullom, Darling, Davis, Dixon,
Donnelly* Dumont, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnel!,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Asahcl W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, J ohn
]}. Hubbard, lfulburd, James Humphrey, Jerickes,
Julian. Kel--o,K(it.eham,Ivuykendall.Lanm, U lliiam
Lawrence, 3j< >ug,vear,McClur?.]UcPtuer,.Morcur, Mil-
ler, Morris, Moulton, isewcli, Urth, Paine, lYrhara,
Plants, Price, Alexander H. Rice. Sawyer, Seheuck,
^cofield,Shellnban?ei\Sloan, burr, btovens, btiiweil,
Up^on, Vnn Aernam, Burt \ an Horn, Lobert ]. V an
Horn, Elihu B. Wasliburne, W elker, \V eiuwoith,
James F. WiDon, Stephen F. "ft lison, mdom, and
Woodbrldsrc—7i>. _ . « ,,
KAYS — AIes?r?. Ancona, Bereren, Brooks, tofjh,
Conklin?, Dawson, Doiree,,Demvon, Eldnd^e, Wo<s-
brenner, Goodyear, Anron llaidin'-r, Iv.ltf-v-'v i i>_
bell. Kerr, Latham. Le Blond, Mnr-halL J, iblac-K,
Radford, fcjamael J. il;mdail, Boserri, Ito^.-ium^euu,
Sbanhlm, Sitgrcavos, 'Caber, Thayer, lniirnion.irisi-
ble, "Warner, William B. Wu-shburn, Whdiey, anu
Wmfirld—33. ^
SOX VOTING — Mesors. Alley, Dclos It. Ashley,
Barker. Benjamin, ISoyer. Brantlosteo, Bioinwcll,
Clumler, Header W. Clarke, Sidney Uarke, Coflrota,
Cook, Culver, Dawes, Delano, Deuiing, Vriggs, Eek-
ley, Kgpleston, i^arn.-'yorth. I'arquha.r, Firmk, Grriuer,
Griswold, Hale, Abner C. Harding, Harris, Hart,
Tlogan, Hooper,Hotehkiss, James R.Hubbell.James
M. Humphrey, Ingersoll, Johnson, Jones, Kasson,
Ivelley, Ueorse V. Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Mars-
ton, Marvin, McCuUough, Mclndoe, McKee, Moor-
head, Morrill, Myers, Nicholson, Need, O'Neill,
Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Ran-
dall, Raymond, John II. Rice, Hitter, Rollins, Smith,
Spalding, Strouse, Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Ward, Henry D. Washburn,
Williams, and Wright—72.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Oliioj, moved to roconsider
the vote by which the rdjsolution was adopted;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table. ,
The latter motion was agreed to.
eight hour labor system.
Mr. JULIAN introduced a bill to fix eight
hours as a day's work in all cases where laborers,
mechanics, or artizans shall be employed by or
under the authority of the Government of the
United States; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
taxation of united states notes, etc.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to introduce a
joint resolution in relation to the taxation of
United States notes and certificates of indebt-
edness by the several States.
As it is very important. I ask that it be com-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means
with leave to report at any time. It is impor-
tant thatlt should be done speedily if done at
all.
The joint resolution was read a first and
second time. It provides that the act of June
30, 1864, entitled "An act to provide ways and
means for the support of the Government, and
for other purposes," shall not be so construed
as to exempt from taxation by or under State
or municipal authority United States notes or
certificates of indebtedness not bearing interest.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that the joint res-
olution be referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means, with leave to report it back at any
time i and on that motion I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Is thatmotionin order
without unanimous consent?
The SPEAKER. The latter part of the
motion, giving the committee leave to report
at any time, requires unanimous consent.
Mr. WENTWORTH. 1 object to it. I
object to anything that looks like repudiation.
Mr. SPALDING. If debate is in order I
have something to say.
The SPEAKER. No debate is in order.
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the gentleman will
make his resolution a resolution of inquiry.
Mr. SPALDING. It is a joint resolution,
and the committee can report it back or not as
they see fit.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I have no objection
to referring anything since the Mexican bonds
were referred.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
The House is acting under the previous ques-
tion.
The question being upon the referenca'bf
the resolution to tlie Committee of Ways and
Means,
Mr. MORRILL demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CONK LING. Would it he in order
for me to ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spaj.dixo] to modify his joint resolution so as
to make it apply only to sueh securities of the
United States as may be issued hereafter?
Mr. SPALDING. I cannot consent to that.
I want to tax the greenbacks in the States; it
is as much as we can do to carry the interest-
bearing bouds without taxation.
Mr MORRILL. Will the gentleman not
make it a subject of inquiry on the part of the
Committee of Ways and Means?
Mr. SPALDING. No further than to refer
the joint resolution to the Committee of Ways
and Means; the committee can take such ac-
tion as they please.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Would it be in order
