1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3251
information in regard to the dispatch of mil-
itary forces from Austria for service in Mex-
ico, I transmit a report from the Secretary of
State on that subject.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 18, 1866.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs and ordered to be printed.
rebel debt.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House the following message
from the President of the United States:
To the Home of Representatives :
In answer to the resolution of the House
of Representatives of the 11th instant, request-
ing information concerning the provisions of
the laws and ordinances of the late insurgent
States on the subject of the rebel debt, so called,
I transmit a report from the Secretary of State,
and the documents by which it was accom-
panied. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 13, 1866.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the committee on re-
construction, and ordered to be printed.
the border survey.
The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
presented the following message from the Presi-
dent of the United States:
2'o the House of Representatives:
In answer to a resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 128th of May, requesting
information as to what progress has been made
in completing the maps connected with the
boundary survoy under the treaty of Washing-
ton, with copies of any correspondence on this
subject not heretofore printed, 1 transmit a
report from the Secretary of State, and the
documents which accompanied it.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 14, 1860.
The message, with the accompanying docu-
ments, was referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a joint resolution respecting the
maps, charts, and surveys of the boundary line
under the treaty of Washington, and the charts
and maps under the reciprocity treaty ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
paris exposition.
Mr. BANKS. I ask leave to have printed
the amendments of the Senate to the resolu-
tion of the House relative to the Paris Exposi-
tion.
No objection was made, and the.amendments
were ordered to be printed.
mexican loan.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution for the protection
of citizens of the United States in the matter
of public loans of the republic of Mexico;
which was read a first and second lime, and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The following is the joint resolution:
_ He it resolved bis the Senate and Houie of llepresenta-
tivesof the United State* of America m Congress assem-
bled, tin view of the present pecuniary condition of
Mexico, and to the end that citizens of the United
Slates who may see tit to advance monev to a fiiendly
republic maybe protected from loss,) That the Gov-
ernment of the United States hereby guaranties, to
all citizens of tile United States whom it may con-
cern the payment, according to tile terms thereof, of
any public loan or loans of the republic of Mexico
now offered or that may hereafter be ottered in the
United States by the Government of the said republic,
having not less than ten nor more than twenty years
to inn, and bearing an interest of not more than seven
per cent, per annum, duty authorized by the said Gov-
ernment of the republic of Mexico as certified by the
recognized minister plenipotentiary from that re-
public accredited to the United St.ites : Provided,
That the total amountoi'such loan or loans shall not
exceed the sum of S~>0,000,000: Andjiruvi<tcU fuither,
That the said bonds shall besold at the highest mar-
ket rate, and that said market rate shall not be
less than eighty-five cents for each bond of the par
value of one dollar. And each of the bonds consti-
tuting the loan or loans thus guarantied shall, by or
under the direction of the Secretary of the Treasury
ot the United States, bo certified us such, and shall be
specifically and exactly registered,and the record
of the authentication of such loan or loans and the
fuilreturn of said registry shall be deposited in the
Depaitment of State of the United States.
mileage account.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to make a per-
sonal statement. I lind, by reference to Exec-
utive Document No. 125, that it is stated I
received mileage for five hundred and thirteen
miles travel. As a matter of fact, it is shown
by the books iu the office of the Scrgeant-at-
Arms of this House, and the books in the Treas-
ury Department, that I received mileage for
only four hundred and fifty-four miles travel.
Dim'Il OF HON. JAMES HUMPHREY.
Mr. TAYLOR, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and unanimously agreed to :
Rewlyed, That seven members of tho New Yoik
dele^ation-'bo appointed by tho Speaker of this
llouse for tho purpose of attending the funeral of
their late colleague, Hon. .Tajiks Uumpiiukv; and
that tra Goodnow, the Doorkeeper of the House, he
permitted to accompany the dolegates appointed by
the Speaker.
The SPE\KER announced the following
members as those appointed by him under the
foregoing resolution:
Mr. Nelson Taylor of the fifth district,
Mr. Daniel Morris of the twpntv-fiftli dis-
trict, Mr. Chari.es II. Win-field of the elev-
enth district, Mr. William A. Darling of the
ninth district,, Mr. William E. Do due of the
eighth district, Mr. Thomas T. Davis of the
twenty-third district, and Mr. Stephen Taber
of the first district of New York.
samuel norms.
Ou motion of Mr. BID WELL, Senate joint
resolution No. 108, for tho relief of' Samuel
Norris, was taken from the Speaker's table and
read a first and second time.
Mr. BID WELL. I desire to have this joint
resolution acted on atthis time. 1 think there
can be no objection to its passage.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that the claim of Samuel Norris, of
California, for supplies furnished the Indians
of that State under contracts made with cer-
tain commissioners, or cither of them, author-
ized to negotiate treaties with said Indians, and
all the papers relating thereto, be referred
back to tho Court of Claims for examination
and allowance, and that in fixing the amount
to be paid the claimant the rule shall bo the
actual value of the supplies furnished at the
time and places of delivery, of which due proof
shall be made by the claimant.
The joint resolution was then read the third
time and passed.
Mr. SCUENCK. I ask leave to offer a reso-
lution.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
Mr. SCHENCK, Very well; then it only
remains for mo to return my acknowledgments
to my colleague for his remarkable courtesy.
And then, on motion of Mr. SI'ALDJNG, j
(at four o'clock and thirty-five minutes p. m.,)
the llouse adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and relerred to th e appropriate committees:
By Mr. HALE - The petition < ot Heter S. Palmer,
and others, and of Smith ,\1. Weed, and others, citi-
zens of Clinton county, New ¥ork, praymc; the repeal
of an act cstablishin'4 a posfc ionto trom West Atburg,
Vermont, to Chmiplnin, New York.
By Mr. HULBUItU' The petition of sundry citi-
zens of ttcnssclaer county, Now York, asking increase
of duty on imported tlax.
Also, tho petition of sundry citizens of St. Law-
rence county, New Vork, asking a repeal of so much
ot any act as imposes a ten per cent, tax on State bank
currenoj' paid out aflor July next.
By Mr. TROWBIUDGK: The petition of 0. W.
Games, S. It. Holers, ami ?>o others, citizens of Eist
Tennessee, asking for the l omR-ion of a poriion of the
taxes to citizens of that State until their just claims
against the United States are adjustod and paid.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, June 19, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Secretary commenced to read the Jour-
nal of yesterday.
Mr. CONN ESS. If no Senator desires to
hear the Journal read, I hope it will be dis-
pensed with, and I make that motion, as time
is now an object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to dispense with the read-
ing of the Journal. No objection being made,
its further reading is dispensed with.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from tho Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in answer to a reso-
lution of the Senate of the loth instant, copies
of the preliminary reports made by the mixed
board of Army and Navy officers on the subject
of coast defenses; which, on motion of Mr.
Wilson, was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 am directed by tlie
Committee ou Finance, to whom was referred
a bill (S. No. 350) for the relief of the Uni-
ted States Express Company, to ask fo be
discharged from its further consideration, and
that it be referred to the Committee on Claims,
which is the proper committee for it.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE, from the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (It. R. No. 150) to
provide for payment of the claim of Colonel
II. G. De Alma for military services, reported
it without amend,nent,.
Mr. HENDERSON, from tho Committee
on Claims, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 164) for tho relief of Alois Klaus, reported
it without amendment, and submitted a report
in writing, which was ordered to be printed.
INTERNAL TAXATION.
Mr. MORGAN. I move that five hundred
extra copies of the bill (H. It. No. 513) to
reduce internal taxation, and to amend an act
entitled " An act to provide internal revenue
to support the, Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory
thereof, bo printed with the amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Finance.
The PKESIDENT/vrtiempore. That motion
will go to the Committee on Printing under
the rules.
Mr. MORGAN. I should like to havo it
considered at the present time. It, is impor-
tant to act on the motion at once, so that it
may bo settled before the type is distributed.
J therefore ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to have my motion acted upon nr the
present time.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from New York asks the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to consider his motion to
print an extra number of the bill named by
him without referring it, according fo tho raies
of the Senate, to the Committee on Printing.
Tho Chair can only entertain the motion by
unanimous consent. No objection being made,
the motion is before the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Asthat subject is under
consideration, and I observe that the bill as
amended is printed and laid on our tables,
and as gentlemen are anxious that tho business
of the session should be disposed of as fast as
possible, I give notice that 1 shall ask tho Sen-
ate to-morrow at one o'clock to proceed with
the consideration of House bill No. 513, being
the tax bill.
SALT LAKIi AND COLUMBIA RIVER RAILROAD.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill No,
