1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Constitution, or are Territories, is a mere ab-
straction—an idea of no practical importance.
While I yield to none in the desire to secure
practical good and avoid practical evil, I can-
not forget that ideas rule the world. They are
the spiritual forces; which bring on wars, lead
in revolutions, and underlie every great move-
ment in. the scientific, religious, and political
world. I need go no further to find an instance
than to this great rebellion against the United
States.
Two radical ideas—radically false, however-
brought on this civil war, which has cost this
nation more than half a million lives, and un-
told millions of treasure.
First, that States had a right to secede; and,
Second, that slavery is a blessing.
The surrender of those two ideas by the South
is now the basis of permanent peace.
Sir, this question, whether those States are
still States in this Union under the Constitution,
or not, is no vain abstraction, no idea without
immediate, practical, and most grave conse-
quences.
Is it of no practical consequence whether, to
adopt an amendment to the Constitution, it re-
quires the ratification of twenty-seven or only
of twenty-one States?
Is it of no practical importance whether
eleven States, with their ten million people,
shall be taxed and governed without represent-
ation? With less than one third of that num-
ber of people, our forefathers, because the Par-
liament of Great Britain, in which they had no
representation, passed laws to tax them, de-
clared the independence of these Slates.
Is it of no practical importance whether these
eleven States and ten million people shall
govern themselves under a republican form of
State government, subject only to the Consti-
tution of the United States, or whether they
shall be held as subject vassals, to be governed
for an indefinite period by the unlimited will of
Congress, or by the sword?
Is it of 110 practical importance whether the
flag of our country, for which half a million have
laid down their lives, and which bears thirty-
six stars as an emblem of a Union of tliirty-
six States, speaks a nation's truth, or is a mon-
strous falsehood?
These, and many like questions, are involved
in this discussion, and depend upon the answer
to the first.
It is, therefore, in my judgment, a question
of the first magnitude; a question which must
be met; a question which neither men nor par-
ties can avoid or put aside. It demands and will
have an answer. It is a question, too, upon
which there is and there can be no compromise
and no neutrality. They are States in the
Union under the Constitution, or they are not.
We must affirm the one or the other. We must
stand upon one side, supporting the Lincoln
and Johnson policy, maintaining the Union of
the States under the Constitution to be unbroken,
or we must take our stand with the Senator
from Massachusetts upon the other, and main-
tain that the Union is broken; that secession is
a success and not a failure, so far at least, as to
withdraw eleven States from the Union or re-
duce eleven States to the territorial condition.
First, I call to mind the language of Presi-
dent Lincoln's proclamation of December 8,
1SG3. In that he said: ;
" I do further proclaim, declare, and make known, !
that whenever, in any of the States of Arkansas, Texas,
Louisian a, Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Georgia,
Florida, Snath Carolina, and North Carolina, a num-
ber of persons, not less than one ten thin number of the
votes cast m sach State at the presidential election of
the year of our Lord 1800, each having taken the oath
aforesaid and not having since violated it, and being i
a qualified voter by the election law of the State ex- I
isting immediately before the so-called act of seces-
sion, and excluding all others, shall reestablish a State
government which sha ll be republican, and in nowise
contravening said oath, such shall be lecogmzed as
the true government of the State, and the State shall
receive thereunder the benefits of the constitutional
provision which declares that 'theUnited Statcssliall
guaranty to every State in this Union a republican
form of government, and shall protcct each of them
against invasion/ "
The policy thus announced was entered upon
at oncc in the States of Louisiana, Tennessee,
and Arkansas. It received the unanimous sup-
port of every member of his Cabinet. While
that great man was always open to conviction,
and ready to hear the suggestions of others, he
became more and more settled and firm in'his
convictions as to the wisdom of that policy from
the date of that proclamation down to the very
day of his death.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, being the bill (S. No. 60) to en-
large the powers of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that that bill be
postponed until to-morrow, in order to allow
the Senator from Wisconsin to proceed with
his remarks.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Sir, on the 11th of April
last he spoke to the people of Washington. It
was on the occasion of the illumination, but three
days before his assassination. The great army
of tlio rebellion had surrendered. He had him-
self visited Richmond, where, from the very
house occupied by Jefferson Davis, he had, from
time to time, telegraphed the gladdening news
of victory upon victory to a rejoicing people.
He had returned from the chief seat of the re-
bellion to the capital of the Union, bringing with
him,.is the spoi Is ofvict.ory,notgold, nor crowns,
nor jewels, but the "broken chains of four mil-
lion slaves.'' In that hour of triumph, in that
moment of supreme exaltation, ho could not
refrain, when invited, from appearing before the
people to add to the general joy. Among other
things he said:
" Wemeet this evening, not in sorrow, but in glad-
ness of heart. The evacuation of Petersburg and
Richmond, and the surrender of the principal insur-'
gent army gave hope of a righteous and speedy peace,
whosejoyous expression cannot be restrained. In.the'
midst of tliis, however, lie from whom all blessings
flow must not be forgotten. A call for a national
thanksgiving is being prepared, and will be duly pro-
mulgated. Nor'must those whoso harder part gives
us tlio cause of rejoicing be overlooked. Their honors
must not be parceled out with others. I myself was
near the front, and had the high pleasure of trans-
mitting much of the good news to you; but no part
of the honor, for plan or execution, is mine. To C.en-
eral Giant, his skillful officers, and brave men, all be-
longs." -1- *
"In the annual message of December, 1863, and ac-
companying proclamation, I presented a plan of re-
construction, (as the phrase goes,) which I promised,
if adopted by any State, should be acceptable to and
sustained by the Kxecutive Government of the na-
tion." ~ ' -1 v * *
"This plan was, in advance, submitted to the then
Cabinet, and distinctly approved by every member
of it." * " Every part and parcel
of the plan which has since been employed or touched
by the action of Louisiana."
The Senate will remember that Mr. Lincoln's
Cabinet then consisted of Mr. Seward, Secie-
tary of State, Mr. Chase, then Secretary of the
Treasury and now Chief Justice, Mr. Stanton,
Secretary of War, Mr. Welles, Secretary of the
Navy, Mr. Usher, Secretary of the Interior, Mr.
Blair, then Postmaster General, and Mr. Bates,
then Attorney General. Let us remember each
and every one of those men approved every part
and parcel of that policy. I read still further
from this last great speech, in which he gave,
in most forcible language, the reasons which
made him adhere to and cherish that policy up
to the lime of his death:
"Some twelve thousand voters in the heretofore
slave State ol Louisiana have sworn allegiance to the
Union; assumed to bo the rightful political power of
the State; held elections; organized a free govern-
ment; adopted a, free State constitution, giving the
benefit of public schools equally to black and white,
and empowering t he Legislature i o confer the elective
franchise upon the colored man. Their Legislature
has already \ oted to ratitv the constitutional amend-
ment, recently passed by Congress, abolishing slavery
throughout the nation. These twelve thousand per-
sons are thus fully committed to the Union, and to
perpetual freedom in the States—committed to the
very tilings and nearly all the things, the nation
wauis—and they ask the nation's recognition and its
assistance to make good that committal.
" Now, if we reject and spurn them, we do our ut-
most to disorganize and disperse them. We, in effect,
say to the white man, ' JTou are worthless, or worse;
wc will neither help you nor be helped by you.' To
the blacks wo say, 'This cup of liberty which these,
your old masters, hold to your lips, we will dash from
you, and leave you to the chances of gatheiing tile
spilled and scattered contents, in some vague and un-
defined when, where, and how,' If this course, 'dis-
couraging and paralyzing both to white and black,
has any tendency to bring Louisiana into proper prac-
tical relations with the Union, I have, so far, been
unable to perceive it.
"If, on the contrary, we recognize and sustain the
new government of Louisiana, theoonverseof all this
is made true. We encourage the hearts and nerve
the arms of the twelve thousand to adhere to their
work, and argue for it, and proselyte for it, and fight
for it, and feed it, and grow it, and 1-ipen it to a com-
plete success. The colored'man, too, seeing all united
for him, is inspired with vigilance and energy and
darmg, to the same end. Grant that he desires the
eleotive franchise. Will he not attain it sooner By
saving the already advanced steps toward it than" by
running backward over them? Concedethat the new
government of Louisiana is only to what it should be
as the egg is to the fowl, we shall sooner have thefowl
by hatching the egg than by smashing it." * * *
"I repeat the question, 'Can Louisiana'bebrought
into proper practical relation with the Union sooner
by sustaining or by discarding her new State govern-
ment?' What has been said of Louisiana will apply
generally to other States."
Sir, I have given you his own words. I would
to God they could, be read again and again in
the hearing of every American citizen. They
come to us as his dying legacy upon the great
problem of the hour. They state the important
fact that this policy was entered upon by him
with the full approbation of every member of
his Cabinet as to every part and parcel of that
policy.
I repeat, and ask the Senate and the country
to hear, we have Mr. Lincoln's positive testi-
mony, that Mr. Seward approved it, in general
and in detail; Mr. Chase approved it and every
part and parcel of it; Mr. Stanton and Mr.
Welles also, who still remain in the Cabinet,
fully and cordially approved.
And now, sir, I propose to show you that a
higher tribunal than Congress, or the Chief
Juslice of the Supreme Court, or the President
and his Cabinet, approved and sustained that
policy. The loyal people of the United States,
represented at Baltimore, approved it by the
renomiuatiouof Mr. Lincoln for the Presidency.
And, as if to make the indorsement of this part
of Mr. Lincoln's policy more emphatic, Mr.
J ohnson was nominated for the Vice Presidency,
the very man of all others who had for a long
time been engaged in the great work of recon-
structing civil government in the State of Ten-
nessee, upon the basis of that policy. It was
objected by some in that convention, as it is here,
that Tennessee had no right to representation,
but, on moiion of the distinguished ex-Senator
from New, York, (Preston King,) now no more,
her delegates were admitted. One of her
sons, in spite of the objection of Mr. Tiiaddetts
Stevens, that he was from a foreign State at
war with the United States and therefore an
alien enemy, was nominated for Yico President.
By those nominations that policy was sustained
by tlie convention.
The election came on. That policy, and the
Administration which proclaimed it, and the
convention which indorsed it, were sustained
by the people of tlie United States.
Next to the great work of crushing the mil-
itary power of the rebellion, this policy of re-
construction was doarer to Mr. Lincoln, and
more cherished by him, than any other. No
sooner had the burden of his soul been lifted,
no sooner had he seen the surrender of the
great army of the rebellion, than in the fullness
and gladness of his soul he made haste to give to
the people his views upon the next great theme,
reconstruction. I have just read them in your
hearing.
The Senator from Massachusetts may de-
nounce them as puerile and wanting in states-
manship. But there they are, and there they
will remain forever, the farewell address of
Abraham Lincoln to the people of the United
States upon this subject of leconstruelion.
That Mr. Johnson, upon whom tlie office of
President fell, by the death of Mr. Lincoln,
should, substantially, pursue the policy begun
by his predecessor, was, therefore, not only nat-
ural, but, by the logic of events, almost a ne-
cessity. How could he do otherwise? Sud-
denly, in a momenf, as in the twinkling of an
eye, the load is thrown from Mr. Lincoln's
shoulders upon him ; his great responsibility,
