4212
THE: CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
July 27,
the people of that Territory than the State-of
Iowa had to do the, same thing for them, because
their power is derived—I speak of it in a legal
point of view—from the Congress of the Uni-
ted States under the enabling act.
But, Mr. President, I admit what the Sena-
tor from Ohio says, that if it was satisfactorily
shown that the mass of the people, or a large
portion of the people', or a decided majority of
the-people, were in favor of a constitution, and
that they were sufficient in numbers to main-
tain a State government, I would not stand' on
a technicality for a moment; but when the
question is to put a constitution upon them by
what is called a majority of one hundred votes,
when it is alleged, as I state upon the author-
ity which I gave, that in voting on the adoption
of this constitution these soldiers of Iowa were
called in to vote upon it, 1 insist that it ought
to be examined.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin allow me to inquire of him if ho is
informed what number of votes were cast by
those parties, and which way they voted ? Be-
cause if we go into an investigation it might be
important to know whether their vote had any
effect upon the result or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have had no time to
go into all this detail. After I make one state-
ment of facts in relation to it gentlemen ask
me a questiou—what was done in that particu-
lar? How do I know when I was not there? I
have had no time to go and hunt up witnesses.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Perhaps the Senator
did not understand me.
Mr. DOOHTTLE. I suppose they voted
for the constitution; but still I will not vouch
for that until I get further information.
Mr. TKUMBULL. I asked if the Senator
understood whether their vote would affect the
result one way or the other. lias ho any gen-
eral understanding on that?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose it would; and
yet 1 state to the Senator most frankly that I
have not examined the case snlliciently to say.
I will not vouch for that.
Mr. JOHNSON. Was there a regiment
there?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No; two companies ot'
the first Nebraska, regiment, raised in Iowa,
consisting of Iowa troops, stationed at Eort
Kearney, in Nebraska Ten itoi-y, and tliey were
not mustered out of 1 lie set vice until just the
beginning of the present month. Last, fall
those same men voted for Stone as Governor
of Iowa on a commission sent by the State of
Iowa for the purpose of taking their votes;
and when this constitution was submitted they
voted on it in Nebraska, and are now mustered
out and paid and have gone home to Iowa.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, it seems to
me that the matter of admitting a new State
is one of a good deal of importance, and the
question whether any new State should be
admitted or not ought certainly to be investi-
gated by a committee. There has been no such
investigation in relation to the admission of
Nebraska. The honorable Senator from Ohio,
the chairman of the Committee on Territories,
four days ago "asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to bring in" abill: "which
was read twice, referred to the Committee on
Territories, and ordered to beprinted.'' I never
heard that there was to be an 'application for
the_ ad mission of Nebraska, as a State into the
Union until four days ago, when the honorable
Senator from Ohio asked and obtained leave
to bring in the bill now under consideration.
It was referred to the Committee on Territo-
ries, of which committee I am a member.
Since this reference that committee has never
held a session that I have been informed of.
The committee have never taken the subject
under consideration. According to my under-
standing the committee has never been con-
vened for the purpose of considering whether
this State should be admitted into the Union
or not. The day before yesterday my honora-
ble friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Territories, came to my seat and remarked to
me that he wished to report a bill to admit
Nebraska as a State into the Union, and asked
my conscnt that he should do so. Well, I
told him that I would have no objection to his
reporting the bill, but that I should not pledge
myself to its support; on the contrary, for
reasons that I assigned when the enabling act
was passed, being then upon the Committee on
Territories, I was opposed to the bill; but I
had no objection to its being reported.
Bat, Mr, President, at that time I did not
know that there was any difficulty in relation to
the election. I Supposed that it was all regular,
that the election had been held in conformity
to the law of Congress, and that it was free
from fraud. I was not advised of any objec-
tion whatever to the admission of the State to
arise on the passage of the bill now under con-
sideration. If I had been of course I should
have required the honorable Senator who is
chairman of that committee to convene the
committee for the purpose of taking the mat-
ter into consideration, and he, no doubt, would
have done it very promptly. I have no ques-
tion about that. lie has acted very fairly, so
far as I am concerned, in this matter; as much
so as I could desire; but I think the facts re-
vealed at this time show not only the impor-
tance but the necessity of an investigation of
this whole subject by the Committee on Terri-
tories, or some other committee.
Mr. IIENDIIIGKS. The Senator from Ohio
himself said he had not lieard«of any of these
things, and of course he did not think it neces-
sary to investigate them.
Sir. WADE. I never heard a word about
them until I heard it here in the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I have no doubt if the hon-
orable Senator had heard it he would have
convened the committee.
Mr. WADE. If 1 heard it in an authentic
shape.
Mr. DAVIS. And he would not have asked
me, I have no doubt, to give my informal con-
sent to his reporting that bill against which
there was such objection, he having knowl-
edge of it. I have no idea ho would have done
that. Under tho circumstances, I think the
subject ought to bo referred back to that com-
mittee, or that it ought to go to some other
committee, to investigate the question whether
Nebraska should now be admitted as a State
into the Union or not.
Mr. KIUKW'OOD. I wish to make a single
reniaikin regard to this allegation about our
Iowa soldiers voting in Nebraska. I was per-
fectly confident when the Senator from Wiscon-
sin said before that two companies of an Iowa
regiment had voted there that he was in error,-
because wo had no Iowa regiment or part of a
regiment in Nebraska at that time. It now
turns out that the allegation is that certain
men from Iowa -forming companies in a Ne-
braska regiment voted there. In the com-
mencement of the war the Iowa troops eonld
not get into the field as fast as they wanted to,
and there were some men who went from Iowa
and entered the first Nebraska regiment, form-
iug wholly or partially two companies. I do
not know whether they wore all made up of
Iowa men or not. That was in 1801. The
term of enlistment was for three years. All
of those men who could have been in the first
Nebraska regiment in June, I860, must have
been such of them as reenlisted as veterans.
Now, counting that the whole of them origi-
nally were from Towa, then deductingtlienum-
ber who died from disease, the number mus-
tered out, the number killed in battle, and
those who suffered from other casualties, and
then the number of them that did not reenlist
as veterans, and you may have some idea of
the number of the original men enlisted in
Iowa in 1861, remaining in 1866. I am satis-
fied it amounts to nothing on the vote.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I have seen a number
of very strong statements in the newspapers
regarding the recent election in Nebraska, but
I have not examined them with care, anil am
not. therefore, able to state to ttie Senate the
particular points made. I think, however, that
one of the allegations made against the elec-
tion was that a number of unqualified Indians
had voted. At all events, I was sufficiently im-
pressed by seeing those statements in a number
of newspapers, and repeated, to be convinced
that the election held in that .Territory required
examination, required investigation ; and Itook
it for granted that whenever the subject came
up in the Senate, if it came up at all, we should
have some definite information to enable us to
form an opinion with regard to the fairness of
the election and the consequent validity.of
the constitution alleged'to have been adopted.
But; sir, that election is recent, and this bill is
brought in within four days of the, end of the
session without any previous notice or knowl-
edge of members of Congress, of the people of
the Territory, or of the people of the country,
and now we are hurried to a vote upon it this
morning without any information, without a
possibility of any information except such as
we can pick up of a fragmentary character
during the progress of the discussion. The
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wade] seems to be
unprovided with full information upon the sub-
jects that are involved in this debate. He has
a statement made by the secretary of the Ter-
ritory and dated within a day or two, a certifi-
cate about the number of votes given at the
election, a certificate given here in the city of
Washington. Then you have a general cer-
tificate of the Governor of the Territory that
a certain number of votes were cast on the
constitution; and that is all the information
we have. The Committee on Territories have
never met and considered the subject; they
have never made an investigation. In an in-
formal manner there was an agreement among
the members that the chairman might report this
bill, and he brings it in here. These are the
facts relating to the introduction of this meas-
ure, and there is a general inipression upon the
minds of members who have spoken in the de-
bate that this election requires investigation, re-
quires some examination. Yet, sir, strange to
say, a m otion to refer the subject to th e J udiciary
Committee, for the simple purpose of inquiring
into it, is resisted, and resisted, too, when there
is no practical objection to such a present dis-
position of the subject, because these members
are not required here to assist us in the enact-
ment of laws; their services will not be re-
quired during the vacation between the present
and the next session of Congress ; and unques-
tionably before that next session full and com-
plete information can be obtained by the intel-
ligent committee which we have organized for
such purposes, and they can inform us promptly
on our reassembling how the facts really stand,
and we can then vote upon the question of ad-
mission and do justice to both the people of the
Territory and to the'people of the United States
whom we represent.
It seems to me that theargument is decisive,
is conclusive, in favor of the pending motion
which has been submitted by the Senator from
Indiana. But, sir, as it seems that the imme-
diate admission of this Territory as a State is
to be insisted upon, and we are to be driven to
a determination upon the direct question, if
the Senator from Ohio can attain his object, I
will go on and submit some further remarks.
It seems by this recent certificate given at
Washington by the secretary of the Territory,
that at the election on the 2d of Juno of the
present year the number of votes given for
Representative in Congress from Nebraska, was
8,084. ^ The vote on the constitution at the
same time stood as follows: in favor of the
constitution 3,938, against the constitution
3,833, showing an apparent majority of 100,
and a total vote of 7,776.
How large a population in that Territory
does that vote indicate? We inayj-efer, upon
this point,-to the ease of Colorado which was
before us at the present session. In Colorado
the vote in 1801 amounted to about lt>,000,
and that same year a census of the inhabitants
of the Territory was taken showing the whole
number to be "25,000. In the case, tht'ii. of
Colorado, the population of the Territoiy was
two and a half times as great as the number
