2292.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April SO,
enable the naval and commercial vessels of
the United States to navigate safely the lakes
and the rivers of the West, and to enable the
great agricultural interests of the country to
add to the national wealth their heavy contri-
butions and to find a market. The harbors
named in this bill are all national, and their
improvement is a matter of national concern.
I therefore, in behalf of the committee, invoke
the common voice of this House in favor of
this legislation. There is no party question
involved in it ; but in giving to it our support
we both provide for the common defense and
promote the general welfare.
Mr. ROSS. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to yield to me that I may offer an
amendment-
Mr. ELIOT. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to move to amend by
inserting at the end of line eighty-eight, page
5, the following:
That $200,000 be appropriated for the improvement
of the Illinois river.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield to allow that
amendment to be offered. As gentlemen around
me are pressing me to permit amendments, I
ought to say that the bill contains no appro-
priation which does not rest upon careful esti-
mates made at the War Department and upon
recommendations which have emanated from
there. I want to say, further, that there is not
one point concerning which petitions have eoine
from the people, so that the Committee on
Commerce has had jurisdiction of the question,
which has not been carefully examinedand
I believe that in every instance where the peo-
ple have desired the action of Congress, and
where it has been possible to obtain from the
Department such estimates as would enable
the committee to determine with any accuracy
what was wanted, appropriations have been
reported. 15ut it would not do to open the bill
to amendments which are loose in their form
and founded on mere guess-work.
Mr. DONNELLY. 1 ask the gentleman
from Massachusetts to yield to me for an
amendment which 1 can explain in a few words,
and which I think will not be objectionable to
the gentleman.
Mr. ELIO f. I will hear the amendment.
Mr. DONNELLY. I propose to add after
the word " Maine" in the sixteenth line of the
fourth section the following:
"At the Zumbro river, Minnesota, at the Cannon
river, Minnesota."
Mr. Speaker, these rivers penetrate into one
of the richest agricultural regions of my district;
regions overflowing ann ually with great crops of
grain and whose importance is annually increas-
ing. Th&Zumbro river can be, I am assured,
made navigable for steamboats for forty miles
from where it enters the Mississippi river; and
thus develop immensely the country for a space
of twenty miles around it, while it will have a
beneficial effect upon the growth of the entire
region in which it is situated, and the towns
upon the Mississippi to which it is tributary.
The Cannon river can be greatly improved,
and it is the belief of many in my Stale that a
system of water communication can be created,
reaching, by canal, from the mouth of the
Cannon river through streams and water-courses
to the Minnesota river. I twill be for the offi-
cers who make the survey to determine how
far so great an enterprise would be practicable
at this time, or if not, how much of it shall now
be attempted. Of one thing wo can be assured,
that such a work would have the most enormous
and instantaneous effect in settling and devel-
oping all that rich region of country, second to
iiOne in the United States in fertility and
intrinsic value.
The Legislature of my State has memorial-
ized for both these improvements, and has
asked for land grants to aid them. I prefer
that an appropriation should be madein money;
and as it is evident by the appropriations
already made by this bill that it is the inten-
tion of Congress to make liberal advances for
the development and improvement of rivers
and harbors, I can see no reason why the
young and rapidly growing State of Minnesota
should not participate in the largesses o£ the
Government; and as I cannot ask for definite
appropriations without a previous survey and
examination to ascertain the amount requisite,
I therefore offer these amendments to the bill,
so that these rivers can be examined and we
may know distinctly, when the next session of
Congress convenes, just what amount of appro-
priation will be necessary.
The bill also contains a provision for a sim-
ilar survey of the Mississippi river between Wart
Snelling and the falls of St. Anthony. The
importance of the work contemplated in such
a survey cannot be overestimated. It would
carry the navigation of the Mississippi river up
to the foot of the great falls of St. Anthony and
make continuous navigation in an almost direct
line north and south from that point to the Gulf
of Mexico. The head of such a mighty valley
cannot be unimportant. Around it are alx-eady
clustering great cities—St. Paul, the capital
and commercial center of the State, and the
twin cities of Minneapolis and St. Anthony,
possessed of the greatest manufacturing facili-
ties to be found in the entire Mississippi valley;
and where already the hum of woolen and cot-
ton mills is heard, with the clatter of innumer-
able lumber mills. From these three great
cities, now growing rapidly, and yet to spread
over the intervening country until their expand-
ing populations mingle and merge in one great
metropolis, shall descend to the tropical valley
far below them, there teeming with a crowded,
happy, and free population, all the great pro-
ductions of the temperate regions, lumber and
wool, wheat and cattle, the productions of the
field and the manufactured goods of the mill.
It is right and just that the navigation of the
great river should reach to the very foot of the
falls and receive the cargoes of its floating pal-
aces from the very doors of its factories ; and
I trust the time is not far distant when even
above the falls the Government can be induced
to make an appropriation sufficient to deepen
and improve the river up to the falls above St.
Cloud. We owe it to the West that, where
nature has done so much toward the construc-
tion of a mighty highway, no niggardly policy
should govern us in relieving it of any partial
impediments to navigation.
Mr. ELIOT. As this amendment proposes
simply a survey, without any additional appro-
priation I do not object. The gentleman from
New York [Mr. Yak Horn] has an amend-
ment of a similar character, which I am will-
ing shall be adopted.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. My amend-
ment is to add, " of the harbor and the mouth
of the Eighteen Mile creek, at Oleott, New
York."
Mr. PIKE. I desire to offer an amendment
of the same character. It is to insert, "of
the St. Croix river above the Ledge."
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection to that.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to move an amend-
ment of the same nature, to add, "from the
mouth of the Illinois river to La Salle."
Mr. ELIOT. I have no objection to that.
The SPEAKER. These different proposi-
tions will be considered as one amendment.
The amendment was read, as follows :
Insert after the word "Maine,'' in the sixteenth
line of the fourth section, the following:
At Zurabro river, Minnesota; ut Cannon river,
Minnesota: of the harbor and the mouth of the
Eighteen Mile creek, at Oleott, New York; of the St.
Croix river above the Ledge; from the mouth of Illi-
nois river to La Salle.
Mr. ELI OT. I now call the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING.' I ask the gentleman to
give way that I may offer a proviso which will
not interfere with these appropriations. I
propose to insert at the end of the bill the
following:
Provided, That the Secretary of "War shall at all
times be authorized to place the public works of
the United States mentioned in this act in charge of
custom-house officers or other agents of the Gov-
ernment living near to said works respectively, who
shall protect the same from unwarrantable obstruc-
tions or injuries of any kind, without additional
charge for their services.
Mx. BLIOT. I cannot possibly yield for
that amendment. It proposes wholly new
legislation.
The previous question was-seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. ELIOT demanded the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and tinder the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed. _
Mr. BLIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
PROVOST MARSHAL GENERAL TRY AGAIN.
Mr. BLAINE. I ask to send to the Clerk's
table to have read the letter the reading of
which was objected to this morning.
Mr. CONKLING. I do not object, but only
ask, if the matter relates to me, to have oppor-
tunity to reply.
Mr. BLAINE. I wish to repeat what I said
before.
Mr. ROSS. I object to the gentleman from
New York making a speech.
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman does not
want a letter to be read relating to a member
and then not permit that member to reply.
Mr. AiOSS. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. BLAINE. I want this letter read for
the double purpose of vindicating myself from
the charge of having made an untruthful state-
ment on this floor, and to give, in the broad
American sense, fair play and opportunity to
a worthy officer to be heard in a forum where
he has been assailed.
I wish further to say that if, on investigation,
I had found I was in error in the statement 1
had made touching the member from the Utic-a
district of New York [Mr. ConklKg] and
Provost Marshal General Fry, I would, morti-
fying as it would have been, apologized to the
House. Whether I was in error or not I
leave to those who hear the letter of the Pro-
vost Marshal General.
The Clerk read as follows:
War Department,
Provost Marshal Gexkral's Bureau,
Washington, April 27, 1S66.
Sir ; I have to thank you for repelling as you did,
in the House of Representatives, on the 25th instant,
the very extraordinary assault upon me by lion.
Roscoe Conkling, of New York. It was a detenseof
me in a forum where I had no opportunity to be per-
sonally beard, and I am enabled to say that your as-
sertions touching Mr. Conkling's difficulties with this
bureau are amply andcompletely justified by the facts
which this letter will disclose.
My official intercoursewith Representatives in Con-
gress during the past three years has been constant
and in many eases intimate, and, with the solitary
exception of Mr. Conkling, it has been marked, so
far as 1 remember, bymutual honor and fan-dealing.
Mr. Conkling being thus an exception, it is my pur-
pose to give a brief summary of his connection and
intercourse with this bureau.
In the summer of 1863 Mr. Conkling made a case
for himself by telegraphing to the War Department
that the provost marshal of his district requiied legal
advice, which he was thereupon empowered to give.
In April, 1865, Mr. Charles A. Dana, then Assistant
Secretary of War, without notifying me. had Mr.
Conkling appointed to investigate all frauds in enlist-
ments in western New York, with the stipulation that
he should be commissioned judge advocate for the
prosecution of any cases brought to trial, and he was
so appointed to prosecute, before a general court-
martial, Major J. A. Haddock. Mr. Dana vested him,
byseveral orders issued in the name of the Secretary
of War, without the sanction of Mr. Stanton, with
the most extraordinary powers. Among these was
the right to examine the dispatches in all telegraph
offices in the western division of New York, which
enabled a violation of the sanctity of personal and
business correspondence. For his services in this con-
nection Mr. Conkling received, on the 9th of Novem-
ber last, from the United States the modest fee of
$3,000. Whether he received, as it has been reported,
from his district $5.000more for the same service, and
whetherhereeeived additional fees from guilty parties
for opposing proceedings at Utica, I am unable now
to say, but, as hereafter shown, he was as zealous m
preventing prosecutions at ITtiea as he was in making
them at Elmira; and the main ground of difficulty be-
tween Mr.Conkling and myseli'has been that I wanted
exposure at both places while he wanted concealment
atope. Isuppose there can bono doubt amongnigh-
mmded men as to the character of Mr. Oonklmg s
course in this matter. Whether his action m exer-
