18
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
and Mb duty, and. why not his cherished pol-
icy ? Be was surrounded by the same Cabinet.
Who would expect them to advise any other
policy ?
That policy had been fully entered upon, and
fax somo States the work really done. Mr. John-
soiS had himself long been engaged in that work,
ifl aiding Mr. Lincoln to realize it in Tennessee.
Besides, the convention at Baltimore had sus-
tained it. The great Union party, which re-
elected Mr. Lincoln as President, and made" Mr.
Johnson Vice President, had indorsed it and
sustained it triumphantly at the election.
Mr. Johnson could not abandon it without
reversing the policy of Mr. Lincoln's adminis-
tration. Thatpolicy was advised by every mem-
ber of his Cabinet, including, as I have stated,
amongothernames, the very distinguishednamcs
of Mr. Seward, Mr. Stanton, and Mr. Welles,
still members of the Cabinet, and of Mr. Chase,
the Chief Justice, who, just from the bedside of
the dying President, administered to Mr. John-
son. the oath of his high office. How could he
recall that last speech and look upon the dead
body of his predecessor; how could he look in
the faces of the Chief Justice, as he swore him
into office, and of those men in the Cabinet, all
of whom had approved every part and parcel of
that policy, and upon whom alone he could then
rely for counsel and support in the most trying
and difficult crisis through which any man was
ever called to pass; how, I repeat, could he
look upon all those surroundings, and then de-
liberately abandon the cherished policy of Mr.
Lincoln's administration, trample upon the ad-
vice of the old members of his Cabinet, as well
as of the Chief Justice himself; abandon his well-
known convictions of duty ; falsify his own rec-
ord and betray t,hp great Union party which nomi-
nated and elected him, in the contingency which
had happened, to be the President of the United
States? Had he done so, the whole country
would have cried out against him, and with rea-
son. In and out of Congress, men might then
have denounced him for betraying the public
confidence, aud especially forbetraymg the party
which elected him. His Cabinet would have
remonstrated against it. The last great speech
of Mr. Lincoln, like a voice from his grave, "an
angel trumpet-tongued," would plead against
it. And, more than all, the President would,
in my judgment, have been what Mr. Johnson
was never known to be, false to his.own con-
victions of duty.
I put aside, therefore, as not worthy of consid-
eration, the suggestions sometimes made that
Mr. Johnson, by adhering to this policy of recon-
struction, is ready to betray the Union causc or
the great measures of the Union party.
Having thus stated the question, and shown
the grounds occupied by Mr. Lincoln, and that
Mr. .1 ohnson is substantially pursuing his policy,
T return to the main question, and will state, as
briefly as f can, the grounds upon which 1 stand,
and give my support to what 1 call the Lincoln-
Johnson policy of reconstruction.
Where arc those eleven States, and what is
their situation?
And first, where are they?
In this Union, under the "Constitution, or not ?
That they once were in this Union all concede.
If they have gone out from this Union it must
have been by one or more of three ways :
First, by the way of peaceful secession, by
voting and resolving themselves out; or,
Second, by successful revolution, by fighting
their way out, to a separate independence; or,
Third, they have been put out by act of Con-
gress.
There is not, and never has been, any other
way or ways conceived or stated than one or
more of these three.
• Strongmen of the South have maintained that
the first way was always open to them. They
asserted the right of peaceful secession. It was
always met, however. It was overpowered by
the logic of Mr. Webster in this body, and re-
sisted by the iron will of Andrew Jackson dur-
ing his administration. I
It has often been reasserted in this body since !
I became a member, and as often met- and re-
futed. In their folly ar.d madness, from the
decision here, and before the people, the South
appealed to arms, to discuss the same ques-
tion' on the field of battle. They tried the second
way, namely, .byway of revolution,to cut their
way out with the sword. That for a time they
made fearful progress in that direction no one
denies. But did they succeed? No mail, North
or South, dare affirm it.
No, sir; no.
Thanks to that Almighty Being who rules the
universe, the great generals were found at' last
capable of organizing and wielding our immense
forces. Grant aud Sherman and Thomas and
Sheridan, and the great officers and brave men
under their command, crushed the rebellion,
wrenched the sword from the hand of revolu-
tion, and then, in the last tribunal known to
mankind,.in an appeal to the God of battles,
by the ultima ratio regum, decided, and in
such a way as to leave no doubt in any sane
mind. North or South, that no State can go out
of this Union by the way of peaceable seces-
sion, nor by the way of successful revolution.
They neither have the right nor the power to
do so.
It remains to consider the only other way, the
third way, which, for brevity, I will call, with no
disrespect to my honorable friend from Massa-
chusetts, the scmneb way for states to go
out of the Ukion, namely, by act of Con-
gress.
At the funeral ceremonies hero, upon the
death of Judge Collamer, he took occasion to
announce his theory of disunion, awarding, in
great measure, honor, if honor it be, to the de-
ceased, of separating the rebel States from the
Union.
I quote his words:
• "The great net of July 13,18G1, which gave to the
war for the suppression of the rebellion its first con-
gressional sanction, and invested the President with
new powers, was drawn by him. It was ho that set
in motion the great ban, not yet lifted, by which the
rebel States vvere.-hi.it outfroin the communion of the
Union. This is a landmark in our history, and it
might, properly be known by the name of its author,
as Collamer's statute.'"
Upon such funeral occasions it belongs to
each Senator to judge for himself what he shall
say. It is a matter of taste. But one thing
seems to mo certain ; whatever may be said at
a funeral, it is no proper time to make a reply,
and thus bring on debate. I, therefore, re-
mained silent. I yield to no man in a pro-
found regard for the memory and character of
that really great and good man, Judge Colla-
mer, and I intend now to do what my heart
prompted me to do then, but which a sense of
the proprieties of the occasion compelled me
to forego, namely, to defend the statute which
ho drew, and the Congress which enacted it,
thc PresidcBt who approved it, as well as him-
self, from this charge, that this law has opened
a way, or that lie, or Congress, or the Presi-
dent intended to open a way by which any
State could go out, or be thrust out, from this
Union of States under the Constitution.
Sir, Congress, under the Constitution, has
power to admit new States into this Union.
Congress has no power to expel old States, or
to open a way for them to go out; and no man
knew belter than Judge Collamer that Congress
had no such power. lie could not have in-
tended to draw such an act without violating his
oath to support the Constitution. However
lightly some may speak of the obligations of
that oath, ho was not one of those. He was a
radical in the high and noble sense of the term,
because he was radically right, radically firm,
and radically true to his convictions toward
God and toward man.
On one occasion he said:
" I do not know how other members of the Senate
look upon the obligation of their oath to support the
Constitution of the United States. To me it is an
oath registered in heaven as well as upon cart]), and
there is no necessity that, in my estimation, will jus-
tify me in the breach of it. I think those men who
are now risking their lives upon the high plaecs of
the field to support the Constitution are not to be
treated in this Hall by us with the conccssion that we
arc ready, if the necessity calls for it, to break it. All
that oxir rebel enemies are engaged in is the over-
throw of the Constitution, and all that we arc con-
tending-for is its maintenance and preservation."
Now, I will not say that the Senator from
Massachusetts in the form of seeming praise in-
tended to do any injustice to his name -, it was
rather to bring,, if possible, that great name to
the support of his favorite theory. But the effect
of what he said would, in my judgment, if ac-
cepted, be the greatest possible dishonor; that
; while Judge Collamer knew that the Constitution
gave no right to the States to secede, and gave
to Congress no power to expel them or to open
a way for them to withdraw from the Union, he,
in violation of his oath to support the Constitu-
tion, drew this act of July 13,1861, for the pur-
pose of shutting eleven great States and then-
ten million people out from this Union under
the Constitution. And now, sir, let us look
into that statute. It is the filth section, if any,
which clothes the President with this power to
expel States from the Union.
How any such power can be found in the lan-
guage of that section is to me beyond compre-
• hension. The idea which inspired the pen that
drew it, so far from being that those States were
outside the Union or ought to be placed outside
this Union, was directly the opposite, namely,
that the people of those States were in the U nion,
owing allegiance to the Constitution because
they were-in the Union ; that they were strug-
gling to cast off that allegiance by going out
from the Union, and that a new war power
should be placed by Congress in the hands of
the President for the very purpose of forcing
them to remain in the Union and resume their
allegiance to it, and for no otherpurpose. That
statute was not drawn to shut those States out,
but to shut them in the Union; to close every
avenue by which supplies could reach them,
until the President turning against them the
sword, by which they undertook to cut their
way out of the Union, should crush all armed
resistance and compel the inhabitants to come
.under the flag and acknowledge once more their
allegiance to the Union. What is its language?
After certain recitals, it declares:
" Then and in such case it may and shall be lawful
for the President by proclamation to declare that the
inhabitants of such State or States, or any section or
part thereof where such insurrection exists, are in a
state of insurrection against the United States, and
thereupon, itll commercial intercourse by and between
the same and the citizens thereof, and the citizens of
the rent of the United States shall cease and be un-
lawful, so long as such condition of hostility shall con-
tinue,'"
with a proviso allowing the President in his dis-
cretion to license such intercourse as he might
think most conducive to the public interest, un-
der rules and regulations of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
We notice, first of all, the authority here given
is not to declare certain Slates out of the Union,
but to declare their inhabitants in a state of in-
surrection. Pray, what is an insurrection but
an uprising in arms of people against their own
Government an effort to cast off allegiance
they owe to it ?_ It is clear, therefore, that if
they were not in this Union, they could not
make an insurrection against it. Could the peo-
ple of Nova Scotia or Mexico make an insur-
rection against the United States? Because
they were in this Union is the very ground and
the only ground upon which they could be in
insurrection at all.
Again, sir, that statute which gave to the
President a new war power, by its very terms
was to cease with the war necessity. It was a
power to stop commercial intercourse, in order
to prevent our own citizens from feeding, cloth-
ing, and arming the rebellion, which our armies
went to put down. When that work was done,
the necessity for non-intercourse was gone; and,
by the very terms of the act, all power under
it was to cease with the cessation of hostility.
Mr. SUMNER. My friend will allow me
just there 
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Hekd-
jitcks in the chair.) Does the Senator from
Wisconsin yield the floor to the Senator from
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With all my courtesy to
