1866.
of voters; when the vote was 10,000 the pop-
ulation was only 25,000.
Now, sir, we have in the case of Nebraska
a total number of votes amounting to 8,000;
yet it would be inaccurate to draw a strict
analogy between these' two cases, because in
Colorado the population was made up of min-
ers, and in Nebraska there is an agricultural
population. Therefore you cannot mal^e the
same calculation; but suppose that you assume
that there are five times as many inhabitants
in the Territory as there were voters at this
election, that would only give you a population
of forty thousand for this Territory, and I take
it for granted that that is the utmost extent to
which you can carry the number. Judged by
this vote, t'aken on the 2d of June, the number
of inhabitants in the Territory of Nebraska can-
not exceed forty thousand, and it is very possi-
ble that it may fall somewhat short of that, be-
cause we know the general rule to be that in
new 'Tejgitories and in new countries the rela-
tive population between males and females is
different from what it is in settled communi-
ties.
Mr. YATES. Will the Senator allow me ? I
am informed by the secretary of the Territory
that a census was taken in last March a year ago,
and the population then was forty-one thou-
sand, and that since that time the population
has rapidly increased, so that it is now some
sixty thousand. I am also informed by one
of the United States judges of the Territory
that that-is the fact.
Mr. BUC1CALEW. If there has been a re-
cent census of the population in that Territory,
it was proper, it was in fact required, that it
should be produced here before us that we
might judge of the fact of numbers. We can-
not take verbal statements on a subject of this
kind, but according to this statement the pop-
ulation was then only forty-one thousand; and
we have nothing to guide us in coming to a
conclusion that the population is now greater
except the opinions of gentlemen who are no
doubt somewhat influenced by their desire that
we shall admit, this State as a member of the
Union. I remember that when the enabling
act in the case of Colorado was passed we were
told here that that Territory contained sixty
thousand inhabitants and that it was rapidly
increasing. I think the minimum was put at
sixty thousand; it might be, it was said, con-
siderably greater, but it was at least that. That
was the representation under which we passed
the enabling act to permit the people of Colo-
rado to form for themselves a State constitu-
tion ; and the Delegate from that Territory was
quoted as the authority for that statement; and
yet it appeared afterward, when we came to
an ascertainment of the fact, that the popula-
tion at that very time could not have exceeded
thirty thousand and probably did not much ex-
ceed twenty thousand. Now, 1 have learned
by my experience in the Senate to place very
little dependence upon these vague, indefinite,
general, sweeping, and nevertheless most posi-
tive statements about the number of people in
a Territory. There is no safety in proceeding
upon questions of this kind without a census
or some other specific and legal ascertainment
of the fact, which we have not here. We have
nothing except the statement that there was a
census sixteen mouths ago which showed that
the population was about forty thousand; noth-
ing in the world beside that except mere opin-
ions of gentlemen that the popalJtion has in-
creased since. But the conclusion to be drawn
from the number of votes polled in June of the
present year is that the population remains
about what it was when the alleged census was
taken.
There is another consideration to be men-
tioned in this connection. Take the case of
New Mexico. I believe as far back as 1800
the population was seventy thousand or up-
ward ; it has increased since that time, and
we have recently accounts of mining interests
growing up in that Territory. 1 he last esti-
mate I heard was that the population of New
Mexico at this time amounts to between ninety
THE COK&RESSIOMAL (31,011.
4213
thousand and one hundred thousand,-probably
a population two or two and a -half times as
great as that of Nebraska; yet, sir, the Sena-
tor from Ohio does not introduce an enabling
act for New .Mexico; the Senator from Ohio
does not propose that that Territory shall be
admitted into this Union as a State. Is this
equal treatment? You are to admit a Terri-
tory into the Union as a State with forty thou-
sand or fifty thousand inhabitants, and you
make no legal provision whatever for the ad-
mission of a Territory into the Union which
contains probably ninety thousand. Is not this
an odious policy? Is it not unequal? Will it
not subjeet our legislation to just and severe
criticism; to the imputation that we do not
treat our Territories in the same manner, that
we admit them on principles of partiality in-
stead of principles of equal and even-handed
justice? If there were no other consideration
opposed to this measure, I should hesitate in
voting for the admission of Nebraska as a State
into the Union upon this distinct ground.
Mr. President, wo are at a new point in our
history uDon the question of admitting States
into the - Union and we have also very trouble-
some questions upon the restoration of former
and existing States of this Union. It is right
that we should proceed with caution and with
care, that we should examine carefully the
ground upon which wo stand, that we shall be
certain that we adopt and act upon a policy
which will exist in tlie future, which will con-
tinue, which will be permanent, and which will
be salutary. And will not one rule of future
action, and a proper rule of future action, be
this: that a State shall not be admitted into
the Union until it has an adequate number of
inhabitants to authorize it to have one member
in the House of Representatives under the ratio
which may exist at the time? That rule has
been frequently talked about. There seems to
be a general assent that it would be a reasona-
ble and a proper rule, that it would be salutary
in its consequences, that it would prevent much
of difficulty and debate in connection with the
organization of Territories into States and
their admission into the Union. According
to the best information which we have hero
the Territory of Nebraska has less than one
half the number of inhabitants necessary for
a member of Congress. Even if you estimate
that it has sixty thousand inhabitants, it has
only one half the number requisite to elect a
member in the House of Representatives, but
according to the statistics which we have be-
fore us the population must be much less than
that.
I conclude, then, by saying (I had 110 inten^
tion of addressing the Senate at such length)
that I believe that upon the particular facts
which pertain to this cafe, and also upon the
principles of general policy which should ob-
tain in the admission of States, Nebraska ought,
not now by our votes to be admitted as a State
into this Union ; but if we are to entertain this
subjeet at alt, if we are to procecd with it and
to determine it upon its merits, independent
of the considerations which I have suggested,
nothing can be clearer than that we should
have an investigation, that we should under-
stand how the truth is, that we should not incur
the peril of admitting a State into the Union
when a majority of the qualified electors ot
that State have actually voted against it, that
we should admit a State upon a rolurn_which
is assailed, and assailed strongly, both in this
Chamber and in the public press of the country.
And let me say to the Senator from Ohio that
upon questions of this kind in parliamentary
proceedings we are not to require judicial evi-
dence, we are not lo demand specific proof to
put us upon investigation. The old parliament-
ary rule is that common report is _a sufficient
ground for parliamentary action. Wo have that
constantly quoted to us in the proceedings of
the British Government, and it is a rule of good
sense upon which all legislative bodies ran<t
proceed. When we are morally assured irom
statements made to us, whether by the press or
by individuals, that an election which has been
held to organize .a new State i§ of doubtful
validity, or of doubtful feirnegs, according to
parliamentary practice and according to prin-
ciples of reason w® are bound to investigate,
and we are not to wait here until there is a reg-
ular indictment drawn up .and the names of wit-
nesses given and the specific particulars oi their
evidence reduced to form, and all this produced
here. That may be well enough in courts, but
it is impossible in legislative bodies.
message from the iioosb.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson,its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 793) t> provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
purposes, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions ;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pro tempore: _ -
A bill (S. No. 39) to amend the acts relating
to officers employed'in the examination of im-
ported merchandise in the district of New York,
and for other purposes;
A bill (S. No. 83-1) to prevent the wearing
of sheath knives by American seamen;
A bill (S. No. 40G) for the removal of causes
in certain eases from State courts ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) for the
temporary relief of the sufferers by the late fire
in Portland, in the State of Maine.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will take this occasion to lay before the Senate
a communication from the Secretary of the
Treasury, transmitting, in compliance with a
resolution of the Senate of the 23d instant, a
statement of fines, penalties, and forfeitures
returned to the Treasury Department by the
collector of the district of Vermont, and the
surveyor of the port at Louisville, Kentucky.
The document was ordered to lie on the
table and be printed.
senator from tennessee.
Mr. POLAND. I rise, Mr. President, to a
question of privilege. The Committee 011 the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the creden-
tials of Hon. David T. Patterson, Senator-
elect from the State of Tennessee, with in-
structions to report whether Mr. Patterson is
legally qualified to hold the office of United
States Senator from that State, have had the
same under consideration and submit a report,
with a resolution accompanying it. I may say
that, in reference to the facts embraced in the
report the committee are entirely unanimous.
As to the conclusion, the legal result, there is
some difference of opinion among the commit-
tee. I ask that the report be read and the res-
olution considered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The report
will be read if there be 110 objection.
Mr. WADE. I hope it will be printed. I
do not care about its being read.
Mr. SUMNER. Wc want to hear it. It is
very important.
The PRESIDENT "tempore. The report
will be read, 110 objection being made.
The Secretary read the report, as follows:
The Committee on ttio Judiciary, to whom wore
referred the credentials of lion. David T. Patterson,
Senator-elect from ttie State of Tennessee, with in-
structions to repoi t \ihcther said Patterson is legally
qualified to hold the oiiiee of United Stales Senator
from said State, have had tbesame under considera-
tion, and respectfully report asfollows:
The only question in relation to the qualifications
of Mr. Patterson, or Ms risht to hold his seat m the
Senate, ari?es from the fact of his having held the
office of circuit .iudge in tlie State of Tennessee at^-er
that State bad passed an ordinance of secession ana
become a member of the confederacy.
Circuit judgesin Tennessee are elected bythe peo-
ple of the several eiieuits, and hold then* offices for
the term of eiuht rears. ... . * ,i
Jndse Patterson was elected .nidge m ono of the
circuits in Eastern Tennessee in May, 1vl, and nis
term of office had not expired when the Slate passed
the ordinance of secession, llic constitution ot tnc
