1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1333
which were referred to the committee on re- I
construction, and ordered to be printed. I
missouri contested-emotion cash. j
The SPEAKER presented certain papers in j
the ease of Boyd vs. Kelso; which were referred 1
to the Committee of Elections.
evening sessions.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the following res-
olution :
Resolved, That until otherwise ordered the House
will take a ijpcess daily, except Saturdays, at iotir and ,
a half o'clock p. ill.. and meet at;ain at seven and a
half o'clock p. in., tor the transaction of business;
and the morning hour lor reports shall not be inter-
fered with by any otherdescription of business what-
ever.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I make the
suggestion to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations,
to suspend offering that resolution for the pres-
ent, as I think the House will consent to sit
until six o'clock this evening rather than have
an evening session.
Several Mkmbeiis. Oh no!
Mr. WASHBURXE, of Illinois. Well, I do
not object, as it seems to be the sentiment of
the House the resolution should pass.
Mr. BROOKS. I object.
Mr. STEYEXS. I move to suspend the
rules.
Mr. CHAXLER. I rise to a point of order:
that the proposition is a mere hoax. [Laughter. ]
The gentleman has taken that business in hand
now.
1 he SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order. The resolution is a serious one.
The rules were suspended; and the resolution
was then adopted.
Mi. STEYEXS moved to reeonsiderthe vote
by which ibe resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon ihe table.
J'he latter motion was agreed to.
rxvjoxtors, urn. |
Mr. RADFORD. by unanimous consent,
infiodueed a bill to amend an act in regard to
inventors, patentees, t c.: which was read a lirst
and second lime, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Patents. j
wuxTtxt; or papers. j
Mr. STEYEXS, from the Committee on '
Appiopru.tions. submitted papers in support
of tlte bill to reimburse Missouri for expenses ;
in mining militia, &c.: which were laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
lotioadrin't oexhual or ata nines.
Mr. DARLlXTr, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a lull to create the grade of brigadier
general commandant in United States Marine
corns : which was read a first and second time,
and' refer red to the Committee on X;c. ai Affairs. j
li.aTi: of Ar.sr.5CK. j
The SPEAKER asked for leave of absence
for Mr. Xnu.Ai'x for two week's; which was
(."■anted.
Mr. IItJUBARI), of Xew York. asked for
leave of absence for Mr. Hotohkiss; which
wa,-. ai.-o granted.
CLIANOE 01' ItEMUKXCE.
On motion of Mr. HOOPER, of Massachtt-
n, the Committee on Banking and Currency
discharged from the eonM'deratiou of the
•'•elitioi; of Robi rt H. Ober, and others : and the
lame was referred to the Committee of Claims.
tUoiSC'i ACROSS THE MISSISSIPPI JilVER
.Mr. PA1XE. by unanimous consent, intro-
a bill to authorize the Milwaukee and
i'raii-ie du Chieu Railway Company to eon-
•-r.-iiet a bridge across the Mississippi river and
establi-h a post route: which was read a first
. ; second time, and referred to the Commit-
'< e on Roads and Canals.
Mr, PAINE. 1 move to have the bill printed.
YA'-MTBURXK. of Illinois. I object,
i i lv |.  .ia •••■• ill" bill read.
Aic i was according!} read.
Mr. W ASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object to
the introduction of the bill.
The SPEAKER. It has already been in-
troduced and referred.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. To what
committee?
The SPEAKER. On Roads and Canals.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. It ought
not to go to that committee. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which it was so referred, for
the purpose of having it referred to the Com-
mittee on the Post Oilicc and Post Roads.
Mr. WEXTWORTH. As a member of the
Committee on Roads and Canals, had I known
that it was proposed to refer it to that commit-
tee, I should have objected. I thought my
colleague [Mr. Wasiibi'K.xe] did object to its
reference in time.
The SPEAKER. The objection was made
to the printing.
Mr. PAINE. I have not the slightest ob-
jection to the cliangc of reference to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
By unanimous consent ihe reference was so
changed.
RIGHT OF WAY OVER PUBLIC LANDS.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous eonscnt, in-
troduced a bill reserving the right of way for
certain purposes over the public lands of 1he
United States: which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
LA-XD (iRAXTS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. B[DWELL also, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to confirm the selection and
location of lands granted to the State of Cali-
fornia by fhe United States; which was read a
first, and second time.
Mr. BIDY I'iLL. I ask that it be printed,
and laid upon the table.
Mr. MORRILL. I think this is a bad prac-
tice. We ought not to print any bills until they
arc reported by a committee.
Mr. BIDWELL. Then let it be referred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The bill was referred accordingly.
temporary iaorevsli of duties.
Mr. 310 R RILL. lam directed by the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means to report back ad-
versely on joint resolution ITL R. NV>. Ml) to
increase temporarily the duties on imports,
and move that it be laid on the table.,
Vr. C KlXXEI.ii. i ask for the reading of
the bill.
The bill was accordingly read.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 will state that it is fhe
intention of the committee to take up tho sub-
ject of the tariff at an early day, and it was
therefore thought inexpedient, to take any action
upon it in advance in the wav proposed by this
bill.
Mr. BUXDY. Will it be in order to move
that the resolution be referred to the Committee
on Manufactures'!
The SPEAKER. It will, if the gentleman
from Yermont [Mr. Monniu.j withdraws the
motion to lay on the table.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 cannot do it, because it
would be an improper subject for the Commit-
tee on Manufactures to consider.
; The motion fo lay on the table was agreed to.
I Mr. MOi: ill LL." I move to reconsider the.
: vote hy which the bill was laid on the table, and
to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
executive cojiml.'nic mons.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of War, trans-
mitting, in compliance wtth the resolution oi
the House of January '2\K ISbii, a communica-
tion from the chief Engineer, inclosing maps
which should have been transmitted with that
officer's repott of the 1st instant respecting
harbors on the sea and lake coasts: which, oil
motion oi Mr. \y\Mti>n;xi., of Illinois, was
reuired to the ('ommht „'e on Commerce.
Tho tU'EAKE.R also laid beibie the House
a communication from the Department of the
Interior, transmitting a copy of tho accounts of
the superintendents and agents in charge 'of the
tribesof Chiekasaws, Seminoles, Wichitas, &c.,
forthe third quarter of 1865, in accordance with,
the fifth section of the act of Congress approved
March 3, 18(>5 ; which was laid on tho table,
and ordered to be printed.
trade with british america. *
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the rales
be suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of tho Whole on the state of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee .
of tho Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
IxuERSOLLin the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of tho special order, being House
bill No. 8:57, to regulate trade with the British
North American possessions.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to insert on page 2,
after line eleven, the following :
On lumber, pine, round, split, orsided, three fourths
of ono cent per cubic foot: when ho\yn square, one
and onefourthcentpercubicfoot: when sawed, three
dollars per thousand feet.
Mr. Chairman, that amendment is in accord-
ance with, and corresponds precisely in the
proper ratio with the amendment adopted by
the committee on Friday last. It imposes the
precise-duty reported by tho Committee of
Ways and Means on pine, round, split, and
sided, and the same on that hewn square. The
object of my amendment is simply this: the
Committee of Ways and Means, when they
came to sawed lumber, have introduced, I
think, in its worst features, the ad valorem
system, because they have admonished the
provincial shippers of lumber exactly at what
figure to invoice tlicir cargoes. They propose
to lay a tax of one dollar per thousand on all
invoiced at less than seven dollars per thou-
sand, on over seven and less than twelve dol-
lars, two dollars per thousand, and above
twelve dollars, three dollars per thousand.
Now, 1 believe that we should never get any
lumber invoiced at over seven dollars a thou-
sand under this law. It admonishes men who
ship lumber in the Provinces where to strike in
their invoices, so that, none of the duties con-
templated can be collected under this section.
The amendment 1 offer proposes to make the
duty specific and uniform. It places the men
in this country who are engaged in the lumber
business on an equality with the provincial
lumber dealers. Owing to the greater expense
of operating in the United States, growing
lanrely out of our own system of internal tax-
ation,'this duty will place us just about on an
equality with the provincial lumber dealers. I
do not'think that is an unreasonable thing to
ask in a House which seems disposed to favor
the protective system. Wo ask no advantage,
but simply that we be placed on an equality,
and that we shall be placed on that equality with
such figures as will prevent the cheating which
the ad valnrem system universally gives rise to,
and that is here, in my judgment, incorporated
in the very worst form, because it is suggestive
to those who ship their cargoes just how to
invoice them.
Mr. MORRILL. The ad valorem system was
incorporated in the bill in fhe form in which it
is for the purpose of allowing the lower qualities
of pine, which aroused almost altogether in the
West for fencing purposes, and which are used
for cheap bnildingmaterials all over the coun-
try, to come in at a lower rate than what is
imposed on the higher and finer qualities of pine
lumber. Now, it seems to me that it is mon-
,-trous to place a duty upon this knotty pine,
thai, is not worth more than six or seven, or
perhaps only live dollars, pei thousand teet, the
same duty that you place upon an article that
costs fifty and sixty dollars per thousand feet.
And then. at. to this system of taxation being
in the very wotst lorn), [ beg leave to dift'er
tvith the gentleman from Maine. I say that if
