1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8258
tion of money to aid the company in the con-
struction of their road, whether it furnishes
any subsidy in the form of security or guar-
antees on the part of the Government of the
United States, or whether it provides merely
an appropriation of lands to aid the company
in the prosecution of their work.
Mr. WILLIAMS. In answer to the Sena-
tor's question I will say that the bill does not
make any appropriation of money or contem-
plate any such thing, but simply appropriates
laud to aid the company in the construction
of this road. It is no more extensive in the
terms of its grant than any railroad bill that
has passed this body appropriating lands for
railroad purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. How much does it appro-
priate per mile?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Each odd section for ten
miles on each side of the road.
Mr. POMEROY. I will say to the Senator
from Michigan that it does give more land than
lias been granted to States ; it gives precisely
what the Pacific railroad grant of land was.
When we have given to Stales wo have never
given more than five sections on each side;
that is, ten sections per mile in the whole.
This gives ten on each side, which makes
twenty in the whole, just what the Pacific rail-
road got.
Mr. HOWARD. Twenty sections per mile?
Mr. POMEROY. Odd sections, alternate
sections. It is precisely what the Pacific rail-
road has through the same soetion of country.
Mr. HOWARD. Docs the title pass to the
company before the completion of the road
from section to section?
Mr. POMEROY. Only as every twenty
miles are completed and certified to.
Tha bill was reported to the Senate1 as
amended ; the amendments were concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read, "A bill
granting lands to aid in the construction of a
railroad from the Columbia river to Salt Lake
City."
PACIFIC ItAILROAn.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 317.
The motion was agreed to; and the consid-
eration of the bill (iS. No. 017) to amend an
act entitled "An act to amend an act entitled
'An act to aid in the construction of a railroad
and telegraph line from the Missouri river to
the Paciiie ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,' approved July 1, 1802,"
approved Jul.v 2, 1804, was resumed as in Com
mittee of the Whole, the pending question being
on the amendment proposed by Mr. Po.ukhoy
to add to the first section the following pioviso:
And provided fnrthrr, That should the Union Pa-
cific Railway Company, eastern division, under the
provisions of tins act, file their map locating their
road upon a different route from that indicated in
thcij map heictoforo filed in the Depaitment of the
Interior, then and in that event the llnnnibal and
St. Joseph Railroad Company, or their assigns, being
authorized to connect with ttic said railroad under
the several acts to which {his is an amendment, may
be, and arc hereby, authorized to continue their road
westwardly from the point provided for in the afore-
said acts to aconncction with tho Union Pacific i.-iil-
road atsomo point east of the one hundredth meridian
of longitude, and for that purpo.-e may have the same
provisions and be subject to all the restrictions and
limitations of the said Pacific railroad acts.
Mr. HOWARD. It was intimated yesterday
that the amendment offered by the honorable-
Senator from Kansas required a further appro-
priation of money or of subsidies in order to
carry it out. The amendment itself was never
before the Committee on the Pacific Railroad;
and that committee is in no sense responsible
for the measure. If that be its effect, I most
respectfully and earnestly suggest to the hon-
orable Senator to withdraw the amendment, so
far as this bill is concerned, because it must
surely give rise to considerable discussion and
loss of time, and present his amendment in
the form of a separate measure, and let it be
passed upon on its merits, if it has merits. It
is quite sure that in the present state of things
in this body there is danger of losing the whole
bill if the Senator insists upon that amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not suppose that
this amendment would endanger the bill. My
point was this: the road having been located
in one valley in my State, and the land with-
drawn from market, and parties having acquired
interests there, great injustice would be done
them unless some company were authorized to
build a road there. I "thought I would submit
the matter fairly to the Senate. If the Senate
conclude that no injustice will be done any-
body, then, of course, they will vote the amend-
ment down ; but I wish it distinctly understood
that parties have acquired rights under that
location that they cannot be divested of, either
by Congress or any other body, without repair-
ing the damage. 1 thought that was so, and I
believe it is so. If the Senator has read the
opinion of the Secretary of the Interior, which
was submitted to the Attorney General and
approved by him, he will see precisely the
point I am aiming at.
Mr. HOWARD. 1 think I apprehend the
point. The Senator cannot doubt that Con-
gress will be entirely willing to do complete
justice to all those individuals who may suffer
pecuniarily in consequence of the passage of
the bill now under consideration. 1 should be
quite willing at all times to grant any relief
which justice requires to those persons who
have thus located in that region.
Mr. POMEROY. If Congress is ready to
make up for all those losses, there will be no
difficulty.
Mr. HOWARD. Rut I do not see the pro-
priety, exactly, of incorporating such a pro-
vision as that- in the hill now under consider-
ation. It is in itself a separate and distinct
proposition, and it ought to be so treated, as
it strikes me.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator may not
understand that this amendment is germane to
the bill; but I do not agree with him on that
point. This bill now propeses to change the
location of the road—nothing else ; but that
is not the point 1 am objecting to. The point
I am objecting to is, that when that is done,
justice ought to be done to the parties who
have taken it for granted, under the previous
bill, that this road was to be located in the
valley of the Republican.
Mr. COX NESS. The provision of law now
is that the Pacific railroad, eastern division,
shall be located through the valley of the
Republican river, and the Senator from Kansas
says that because of that provision many per-
sons have bought the even sections of land of
the Government, and paid the enhanced price
of $2 50 an acre for them, and that if this bill
shall pass authorizing the company to vary the
route, lo change the location to the valley of
th(! Smoky Hill river, those settlers ought to
be compensated by the Government, and not
required to pay $2 -r)0 an acre for their land.
As suggested by the honorable chairman of
the Pacific Railroad Committee, of course the
Government will make such a provision if we
pass this bill.
But the best part of the proposition of the
Senator from Kansas now comes in. lie says
that in lieu of the benefit that would thus lie
conferred upon the settlers, it is but fair to
allow a company that the honorable Sena-
tor or his people Iiave up there to extend their
line so as to authorize them to join the Union
Pacific railroad, and also to have bonds of the
United States, at the rate of S1G,000 per mile,
in addition to lands. If there is any proposi-
tion settled, at least for this session, so far as
the Pacific Railroad Committee of this body
can settle it, it is that they will authorize no
addition of bonds to be paid to any company
building or engaged in building a branch of
the Pacific railroad. That question has been
deliberately examined upon a bill presented by
the honorable Senator and urged by him, and
the committee have reported upon it. Now I
submit to him that the Senate cannot—of course
he has a right to get a vote, and I hope he will
get a vote upon it—the Senate cannot, at this
session at least, authorize an addition of bonds
to branches of the Pacific railroad such as is
contemplated by his proposition.
Mr. POMEIiOY. The Senator from Cali-
fornia 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. POMEROY. I do not wish to discuss
this matter at any length.
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the unfinished
business lie over informally. !
Mr. GRIMES. Let us know what it is.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business is the bill (S. No. 257) to regu-
late the occupation of mineral lands and to
extend the right of preemption thereto.
_ Mr. WILSON. A few days ago I had a spe-
cial assignment made for to-day of the<bill(H.
11. No. U13) to continue in force and to amend
an act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Kreedmen and Refugees, and for other pur-
poses.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
made the special order for to-day at one o'clock,
but under the rule and practice of the Senate
the unfinished business of the preceding day
takes precedence of the special order.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope we shall be allowed
to dispose of this railroad bill. We can do it
in ten minutes, I presume.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are two special
orders for to-day at one o'clock. I had an
understanding with the Senator from Massa-
chusetts that I should to-day desire to pass the
Army appropriation bill in order to have it out
of the way. There is but one amendment pend-
ing to it, and 1 will move to postpone all prior
orders with a view to take up the Army appro-
priation bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope this railroad bill
will not go over on account of any opposition
of mine.
Mr. SHERMAN, [to Mr. Pomuroy.] Your
amendment will kill the bill if you put it on.
The PRESIDENT %>ro tempore. Will the
Senator from Ohio repeat his motion?
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to postpone all
prior orders and take up the bill (H. It. No.
127) making appropriations for the support of
the Aimy for the year ending Ju*® 80, 1807.
Mr. HENDERSON. I suppose it will take
but a few moments to dispose of the Army
appropriation bill when it comes up; but I will
state to the Senator from Ohio that I desire to
offer an amendment to that bill when it is be-
fore the Senate. I have not the amendment
with me this morning. I offered a resolution
on the subject and had it referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. The Army bill is
the appropriate place for my amendment to
come, and I desire the Senate to pass upon it.
I do not know whether the Military Committee
has yet acted upon it. There was a resolution
of inquiry passed at the early part of the ses-
sion directed to the Secretary of War, and that
resolution has been answered by the Secretary.
My colleague, who is upon the Military Com-
mittee, lias been absent until yesterday, and I
am not prepared to say what has been the action
of the Military Committee since Mr. Stanton's
report has come in. I desire to offer the joint
resolution that I introduced with regard lo the
bounty to the ten regiments of my State that
served through the war, as an amendment to
the Army bill when it comes up. I suppose
there will be no resistance whatever to that bill.
I believe it is about perfect now. I hope the
Senator from Ohio will let this railroad bill,
which I regard as important, be acted upon;
and then, if he insists upon taking up the Army
bill this afternoon, after wo get through with
the railroad bill, 1 will send over and get the
amendment that I propose.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly do not wish
to place any obstacle in the way of the railroad
bill, to which I assent and shall vote for, but
this was the day sot for the Army appropria-
tion bill. I gave noticc on Friday to the chair-
