4214
THE CONGRESSIONAL: GLOBE.
July 27'-,
State of Tcnnsssco remained the same after the se-
cession of the State as before, and there was no change
made in the form of the State government, or in their
judicial system. A large majority of the people 6f
East Tennessee were ardently devoted to the Union,
and deemed it very important for their interest and
that of the Union cause that the civil offices in that
section of tho State should be filled with Union men.
Judge Patterson was a firm, avowed, and influen-
tial Union man, and he was urgently pressed by the
Union men of that circuit to run as a candidate for
reelection as circuit judge, and he finally, though
reluctantly, consented to do so. The opposing candi-
date was an avowed secessionist, and the issue in the
election was between Union and secession. The elec-
tion was held in May, 18G2, and Judge Patterson was
elected over his rebel competitor by alarge majority.
At the same election most of the local offices in that
section were filled by the election oi'Union men. At
that/time it was believed by tho Union men of East
Tennessee that they would soon berelieved from rebel
military rule bythearrival of Union forces; and they
desirod also to retain tho civil power in their own
hands. In this expectation they were disappointed,
and soon rebel bandswerc scattered through that re-
gion, and the Union people were subjected to groat
hardships and cruel oppression. When Judge Pat-
terson was thus reelected judge, he did not suppose
ho would bo commissioned by tile Governor of the
State, who was a secessionist; but after some consid-
erable delay a commission was sent to him, with per-
emptory orders to take the oath. On the receipt of
his commission and order to take tho onth Judge
Patterson delayed and hesitated, and consulted other
leading Union men as to the proper course for him to
take. They advised amlifrgt^l him to take tho oath;
that he could thereby afford protection to some extent
to Union men against acts ot'lawless violence on the
part of tho lebels, and that if he did not accept tlio
office and take the oath the office would be filled by a
rebel, and they would then be oppressed by the civil
as well as the military power of tho rebels. Judge
Patterson yielded to thoir urgency and arguments,
and wentbofore a magistrate and took the oath which
tho Tennessee Legislature had proscribed, which, in
substance, was that ho would support tho constitu-
tion of Tennessee ami the constitution of tho confed-
erate States. Judgo Patterson declared at tho time
to tho magistrate that he owed 110 allcgianco to the
confederate government and that he did not consider
that part of tho oath as binding him at all. At this
timo thoro wero rebel troops in the lieighboi hood,
and Judgo Patterson hud good reason to believe that
his refusal to take tho oath would subject him to ar-
rest aaid imprisonment., if not worse treatment; but
wo do not find that he was actuated at all by personal
considerations, but acted solely upon (he motive that
ho could thereby allord some aid and protection to
the Union people, and also prevent the office from
falling into hands that would use it to oppress them.
iCasl. Tennessee at this time was in a very disturbed
and distracted condition. Tho country was full of
bands of armed robots, and lawless violence hold
sway. Business was nearly susponded, and no civil
business was dono in the courts. Judgo Patterson
held a few terms of court in counties where lie could
oigaime grand jurios of Union moil, and in this way
did something toward preserving peace ami order in
tho comnimiily. No other business was dono by him
as iudgo afler his election 111 lHijJ.
During nil Ihis time J udgo Patterson was an open,
;i\ owed, am! devoted adherent to the Union, lie was
in constant communication with tho officers of the
1;\ dei a I tioops neai est that vicinity, and obtained and
furnished lo them information as to tlio movements
of the rebels. llo aided in concealing Union men,
and in facilitating their escapo to tho Union lines,
when thev generally entered the Union set vice. He
aided tho Union people and the Union eausoin every
way open to him, and too numerous for detail. By
those means ho became ainonablo to tho hostility of
• the secessionists, and was subjected to groat difficulty
and danger. Ho was several times .arrested and hold
lor somo time in custody. At times ho was obliged
to conceal himself for safety, and .--pend nights m out-
buildings and in tho woods to avoid their vongoaneo.
In .September, lsni, the Federal troops reached
Knoxvtlle, and Judge Pat!orson suceecdod in escap-
ing with Ins family to thatplaeo, and did not return
to his home until afler the close of tho rebellion.
As bcloio stated, theeonsUtution and election laws
and j udioial system of Tennessee remained tile sumo
alter trie secession of the State as hetore, and Judge
J .iltcixm was elected judge tho last timo under the
same Mut  constitution ami laws as existed at his
hr.-t election, and no law was enforced by him as
-1 '.'dire except such as were in force before the seces-
sion oi tne iStato.
Tho committee are all satisfied that, daring the
entire rebellion, Judgo Patterson was an earnest
linn, and devoted Union man. and suffered severely
in s.uppoit of his piiueiples. In accepting the office
of judge, and taking tho official oath, ho did not in-
tend any hostility to the authority or Government
ol tho United .States, nor did he intend to acknowl-
edge any allegiance to or any friendship for tho con-
federate government, but acted throughout with a
sincere desire to benefit and preserve tho Union and
llits Government of tho United States. Ho always
denied the authority of tho confederate government
over him, and tecls an entire willingness and ability
to take tho oath required upon his admission to a
seat in tho Senate. The committee recommend the
following resolution;
RmoJved, That Hon. David T. Patterson is duly
qualified and entitled to hold a seat in the Senate
of tho United States as a Senator from the State of
Tennessee.
Mr. SUMNER,
to-day?
Can that bo considered
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore. As a ques-
tion of privilege the Chair thinks it can ; it is
before the Senate to be disposed of by a ma-
jority of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is proper, being upon
this committee, that I should state that I have
been unable to agree with the resolution which
has been reported by the committee. The read-
ingof the report was commenced before I came
in; but I presume the facts are correctly stated.
I am satisfied of the loyalty of Mr. Patterson,
and of his having been a Union man during the
troubles when he was within the rebel lines ;
but, sir, laws operate generally, and it will
sometimes happen that in the-operation of a
law an individual case cannot be provided for.
Wo have a statute which requires a certain
oath to be taken. I will read what that oath is:
" I, A B, do solemnly swear that I have never vol-
untarily borno arms against the United States since
I have been a citizen thereof; that I have volunta-
rily given no aid, countenance, counsel, or encourage-
ment to persons engaged in armed hostility thereto;
that I have neither sought., nor accepted, nor at-
tempted to excrciso tho functions of any office what-
ever under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States; thatl have not yielded
a voluntary support to any pietended government,
authority, power, or constitution within the United
States hostile or inimical thereto. And I do fur-
ther swear that, to the best of my knowledge and
ability_I will support and defend tho Constitution
of the United States against all enemies, foreign and
domestic; that I will bear true faith and allegiance
to the same; that I take this obligation freely, with-
out any mental reservation or purpose of evasion;
and that I will well and faithfully discharge the du-
ties of the office on which I am about to enter. So
help me Uod."
That is the oath prescribed by law that every
person appointed to any office of honor, trust,
or profit must take before entering upon the
discharge of the duties of the office. Accord-
ing to the testimony before the Committee on
tlio Judiciary, I .see nothing in that oath that
Mr. Patterson cannot subscribe to except those
two lines, ''that I have neither sought nor ac-
cepted, nor attempted lo exercise the func-
tions of any office whatever under any author-
ity or pretended authority in hostility to the
United States." Now, sir, what are the ad-
mitted fads? Mr. Patterson himself very
frankly and openly states the facts. They are
stated, 1 believe, in the report. The facts are
admitted unquestionably to be these: after Ten-
nessee had adopted an ordinance of secession,
her Legislature having adopted it and submitted
it to the people, and it having been ratified by
a largo popular vote, while that Shite was com-
pletely under the control of persons in hostility
lo the Government of the United States, when
troops were being raised throughout the State,
while the very portion of it in yliieh Mr. Pat-
terson resided was overrun by armed forces and
persons were being conscripted into the rebel
ranks, in 1862 an election for judge of the ju-
dicial circuit came on; Mr. Patterson became
a candidate forjudge, and he was elected. IIow
was that election held? Il was under the au-
thority of that State, which had adopted an
ordinance of secession in hostility to the Uni-
ted States. It matters not that the constitution
of Tennessee had not been changed; its gov-
ernment had been subverted ; tho enemies of
the country had taken possession of it. He was
elected to this office. After being elected, a
commission was sent to him by Governor Har-
ris, notoriously known to the country as the
head of the rebel government of Tennessee.
He received that commission. He took the
commission and wont before an officer of the
law, and there ho subscribed the oath that he
would support the constitution of the State of
Tennessee and the constitution of the confed-
erate States of America.
Now, sir, I cannot vote that he has not ac-
cepted an office under a government or a pre-
tended government in hostility to tho United
States. Thatis what this resolution declares when
it says that he is qualified to take this oath. Can
you say that, Senators, on your oaths? I bring
you, my fellow-Senators, to the witness stand
and put you upon oalh, and ask you under tho
solemnity of the oath you have taken, will you
swear that he has not accepted an office under
a government in hostility to the United States?
Can you swear that? As a juror, can you
render that verdict?
. But, sir, what further does the law say? " I
have neither sought nor accepted nor attempted
to exercise the functions of any office." It is
admitted that he did exercise the functions of
judge under that government of Tennessee,
which,,was in hostility to the Government of
the tfnited States. You all know that. He
held courts.. He himself "administered this
same oath to divers persons that they would
support the constitution of the confederate
States of America. Now, does his motive alter
the fact that Mr. Patterson did this? It alters
the grade of Mr. Patterson's act so far as the
morality of it is concerned; but does it alter
the fact that he exercised authority under a
government in hostility to the Government of
the United States? There is the fact. He did
do it. He did it for the purpose of protecting
the loyal men. He was a loyal man himself.
I concede all that, and I should be mdSft happy
to welcome Mr. Patterson as a Senator here,
according to the testimony before the commit-
tee. I should be most happy to receive him
as one of our associates in this body if there
were no law on the subject; but the law is
here. We are acting under that law. I think
this is a matter that can be submitted only as
to him as to his motives.
I agree to the statement of facts. I pre-
sume the facts are stated correctly, all that are
stated. Perhaps all are not given in this
report; but I cannot vote for the resolution.
What is the effect of voting for the resolution ?
That notwithstanding a man has done the
act, that is, has accepted an office, has ex-
ercised the duties of an office under a govern-
ment in hostility to the United States, yet if in
doing that his motive was good you may dis-
pense with the law. Have you any such dis-
pensing power? You may repeal the law. You
may strike out of this oath that single sentence;
and then there would be no difficulty in voting
that Mr. Patterson was entitled to his seat.
I should be willing to dispense with that re-
quirement in such a ease as this; but the law,
as I said, operates by general rules, and while
it is the law we must observe it.
It may be said that it is submitted to him to
take this oath, and not to us. Suppose it is
submitted to him to take this oath and not to
us to take this oath, what do we propose to
do ? The Committee on the Judiciary, through
my friend from Vermont, have reported a reso-
lution in which they propose to vote in advance
that, without his taking the oath, before he has
taken it, he is entitled to be qualified. Now,
suppose Mr. Patterson should refuse to take
this oath; suppose he should say, "I cannot
take this oath; you have voted that I am qual-
ified, but having accepted this office, having
exercised the duties of it, I cannot subscribe
the oath ;" what is your position ? You are in
the position of having voted that he could do
that which he himself decides that he cannot.
I do not say that he will so decide. He is of
opinion that he can take this oath. Let that
be left to him. I cannot say that he can take
it. 1 confess that I do not see, under my view
of tho law and of the reading of it, how, if I
had done what it is admitted was done in this
case—there is no doubt about the facts—I could
take the oath.
This is a very important question, let me say
to Senators^ this is the precedent you are set-
ting.^ If yon say to-day that a person who has
admittedly accepted an office and exercised the
duties of it under a government in hostility to
tho United States may, notwithstanding, swear
that he has not done that and be admitted be-
cause his motive and object in doing it was not
to injure the United States, but really to benefit
them, how would you keep Alexander H. Ste-
phens or anybody else from being admitted?
Stephens just before the rebellion broke out
made a speech in which he deprecated it? He
may come here and say "I wits vice president
in the rebel confederacy; I acted for four years
as vice president; I did all I could to uphold
