1334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mar oil 12,
yqu are to have an ad valorem duty at all, this
is in the very best form. It provides that lum-
ber thit is valued at less than seven dollars
shall be at one rate; lumber valued at over
seven and less than twelve dollars, another
rate; and that over twelve dollars it shall have
another rate.
Now, I say, the opinion of the gentleman
from Maine to the contrary notwithstanding,
• that if we are to have an ad valorem duty at all,
this is the very best form in which it can be
provided.
And now, Mr. Chairman, I will' move to
amend the original bill by striking out the word
"seven" and inserting "six" in line eleven
on page 2.
Mr. BLAINE. I will explain to the gentle-
man that my amendment is to come in after
line eleven.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair will state for
the information of the committee that from line
six to line eleven inclusive, on page 2 of the
bill, was stricken out on Friday last.
Mr. MORRILL. Then I move to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, as
follows:
On pino, when valued at six dollars or less por thou-
sand, ono dollar per thousand feot; whon valued at
ovor six dollars and not over ton dollars per thou-
sand, two dollars per thousand foot; and whon val-
ued at over ton dollars por thousand, three dollars
por thousand feet.
Mr. BLAINE. The bill is already amended
so that hemlock, the cheapest lumber, shall
come in uniform at one dollar per thousand,
and spruce at two dollars per thousand; and
the amendment now pending pi-oposes that pine
shall be uniform at three dollars per thou-
sand. t
Mr. SLOAN. I trust the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] increasing
the duty upon the article of lumber will not be
adopted by this committee. There is a dispo-
sition on the part of the committee to increase
the amount of tariff upon every article which
any gentleman may propose for that purpose.
Before thits system is carried any further, t ask
gentlemen to consider that there is one great
interest in this country that is incapable of
beiug protected to any very great extent; there
are but few articles produced by it which can
be protected by a tariff; and that is the agri-
cultural interest of this country.
Now, in ft large portion of the State in which
I reside, aud also in Illinois, Ipwa, and Min-
nesota, and in the whole of the vast region of
the Mississippi valley, we are almost entirely
destitute of the article oflumber. Those who
have settled thereupon their farms have its yet
but begun to make improvements in fences and
in buildings. You must remember that the
amount of lumber in this country is limited,
and under the demand which exists it is con-
stantly decreasing; so that it is almost alarm-
ing to consider how much longer our forests-
can supply the lumber required for the whole
country. ✓
I assert that it is now almost impossible for
this country to produce sufficient lumber for
the demands o.f the agricultural and other in-
terests of the country, even with the addition
of all that can be introduced from Canada and
every other country from which it can be
brought. And! assert, further, that, there has
been no interest in this country more prosper-
ous for the last five years, or is now more pros-
Serous than the lumber interest of our country.
o class of our citizens have been making more
money, and have, been growing more rapidly
rich than those who have been engaged in the
lumber business.
Now, every cent of your duty upon the arti-
cle oflumber is so much increase of tax upon
the farmers of tho West, and those persons in
the East who are not engaged in the lumber
business. You not only increase the duty upon
Canadian lumber, but you also increase the
piice of the lumber produced in this country,
although our lumber capitalists are unable to
supply the demand. There is no danger of
any interest suffering in this country, unit- ■-J& it
can supply the article produced by it more
largely than is the demand for it. As long as
the demand is in excess of the supply of any
article of production the business of producing
must be prosperous.
Now, that is the condition of the lumber in-
terest in this country; it is now unable and
'will continue to be unable to meet the de-
mand ; and hence it will always be a remuner-
ative and a profitable business. We have had
no duty upon this article for the last ten years;
the Canadian article has competed freely in
the markets of this country wherever it can
reach. The high price of lumber has not been
depressed; on the contrary the lumber-produ-
cing interest has been growing all the time more
prosperous, because the demand for and con-
sumption of lumber have been constantly in-
creasing and extending.
But the agricultural interest to-day is more
depressed and more prostrate than any other
interest in this country. Grain is lower in price
to-day than it has been for years; wheat is
selling in the West for a dollar and less per
bushel; corn is selling from twenty to twenty-
five cents per bushel; oats from eighteen to
twenty cents per bushel, and yet we have to
pay enormous prices for everything we use in
connection with agriculture. And it would be
very unjust to place this additional taxation
upon this article of absolute necessity.
Mr. WILSON,-of Pennsylvania. I wove to
strike out all after the word "sawed" in the
fifteenth line.
The CHAIRMAN. Tho committee have not
yet reached that portion of the sectiou.
Mr.WILSON,ofPcnnsylvania. Thenlmove
to strike out tho tenth line  
The CHAIRMAN. That has already been
stricken out by tho committee. The pending
question is upon tho amendment offered by the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mokkill] to
tho amendment offered by the gentleman fiom
Maine, [Mr. Blaine.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would like to sayaword
in reply to the gentleman from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Sloan.] He complains that the agricultural
interest of this country is not protected and can-
not be. He seems to forgot that that interest
has the whole advantage of the market, has the
monopoly of the market. It cannot be pro-
tected, be.eause it has no competition; if it had,
as a matter of course tho protection would be
given. If the agricultural interest is depressed,
it is simply because it is overdone. Every one
who buys an agricultural product buys a domes-
tic product; and there is a large foreign demand
besides for our agricultural products.
But this subject oflumber is an entirely differ-
ent thing. There is a heavy tax upon it at hom c.
(understood tho gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] to say the other day that if we im-
posed a tax upon it as it comes across the lines,
he would have to recommend a tax on it at
home. We have now a heavy tax upon it at
home.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. In what
shape ?
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will state in what shape.
In the first place, tho manufacturer at home
must got his license, for which he pays a pretty
largo sum. Tho Canadian manufacturer takes
no license. In the second,place, the home man-
ufacturer must buy his lumber standing, tho
cost being, perhaps, .five dollars a thousand.
The Commissioner of Internal Revenue has
decided that the home manufacturer must pay
five per cent, upon all that he gets for his lum-
ber when sold in market, not deducting the
cost of tho timber, but only deducting the cost
of the labor employed to put it iu the shape of
boards. In other words, the Commissioner has
decided that if you sell your lumber in market
for twenty, dollars a thousand, your timber hav-
ing cost you five dollars a thousand standing,
and the cost of manufacture being ten dollars
a thousand, you must pay a tax of five per cent,
on ten dollars. You may deduct the ten dol-
lars per thousand which it cost you to manu-
factuie the lumber, but you must not deduct
any portion of the large sum which you invested
in the standing timber.
Mr. MORRILL. I have frequently been
surprised to find the taxation which is imposed
under the internal revenue act by cjnstruc-
tions of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue.
I desire to say that it never was the purpose of
any Committee of Ways and Means with which
I have been associated to tax lumber at all.
Whenever the subject has been brought up,
that committee 'has expressly decided that
lumber should be exempted from |J1 internal
taxation.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I cannot say what the
committee that framed the law designed; but
the officer charged with the construction of the
law gives it that construction. He may be
wrong.
Mr. BLAINE. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to state
another fact in reference to the internal rev-
enue taxation as imposed under the construc-
tion of the Commissioner of Internal Revenue;
and I beg the attention of the chairman of the
Committee.of Ways and Means to this state-
ment': if a man owns a timber tract, and cuts
all the timber off, he has to render the entire
receipts as income, although the tract is left
bare and valueless. No deduction whatever is
made for loss of property and using up of cap-
ital.
Mr. SLOAN. I hope that the amendment
of the gentleman from Vermont will not be
adopted. It will not accomplish the object.
Mr. MORRILL. If the-gentleman votes
against the amendment proposed by me he will
vote to tax all lumber three dollars por thou-
sand.
Mr. SLOAN. The gentleman is mistaken
in supposing that fencing lumber is cheaper
than the common sort of lumber. It sells for
two dollars per thousand higher.
Mr. BLAINE. What is the average price
of fencing lumber ?
Mr. SLOAN. Twenty dollars per thousand.
The amendment of Mr. Moiinnx to the
amendment of Mr. Blaine was rejected.
Mr. BANKS. I move to anlend the amend-
ment by striking out '' three'' and inserting
'' two.'' I offer this amendment for the pur-
pose of making a single suggestion upon this
subject, not touching the rpiestion of revenue^
or the question of protection.
I think that the objection of the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Blaixe] to the ad valorem
feature of the bill is well taken. It is certainly
desirable that that system should, if possible,
be avoided; and I hope the gentleman from
Vermont [Mr. Moruill] who has charge of
this bill will devise some means by which it
can be avoided. But I desire to say that lum-
ber, besides being a subject of revenue, is an
element of power, and we ought not to tax it
any more than is absolutely necessary.
There are four million people in the lately
insurgent States who are more ambitious for
houses now than they have ever been for any-
thing. The first thing tho freedmen of the
South will do will be to get for themselves
houses, and after that to get for themselves
clothes.
In addition to that it is well known all
through the former fifteen slave States build-
ings of almost every kind, the dwellings of all
classes of people, have been destroyed and
must be rebuilt. It is a part of reconstruction*
which should bo carried out as rapidly as pos-
sible; for every man who has a house con-
structed or in process of construction becomes
so far a friend to the Government. We ought
to assist them as far as possible; and we ought
not to put any more tax than is absolutely
necessary. I hope gentlemen interested will
agree on the lowest amount.
Mr. FERRY. Mr. Chairman, I rise to op-
pose the amendment of the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] 1
reply to him by merely saying that thare are
pine forests in the southern States now waiting
for northern industiy and ingenuity, aud that
