THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
April 30,
first district, State of New York, and have the honor
to report as follows: .
The prominent men of that district, the supervisors
of its various towns and people, generally united in
a determination to fill its quota under last call with-
out sending citizens of the district. To this end a
bounty of $725 was provided for every recruit, and
each supervisor was authorized to procure men. If
recruits could be had for less than the above-men-
tioned sum, the difference accrued to the supervisor.
The board of supervisors thus became a board of
bounty brokers. Contracts were made with a noto-
rious bounty broker, Aaron Richardson, for a supply
of man.
This machinery for filling the quota being properly
constructed with great consideration for the district,
and regardless of the rights of the Government, there
was found only one difficulty in its practical opera-
tion.
An order from the acting assistant provost marshal
general of the western division of Now York required
a deposit with officers of the United States of fivo
eighths of the bounty paid recruits. This was objec-
tionable to the class of men furnished by the super-
visors and Contractor Richardson, who very greatly
preferred taking care of their own funds; and there-
fore recruiting did not progress rapidly. Somo in-
genious men of the district devised a. cunning scheme
to obviate this difficul ty. Each recruit wag instructed
to say to the provost marshal that he desired no local
bounty; that he went from better motives, and that
Government provided as? large bounty us he cared to
accept.
The provost marshal admired the disinterestedness
of the rccruit and mustered him in. Men were now
obtained rapidly. Bounty jumpers came to Utica by
ear-loads, and, to use their own blang, the enrolling
board of the twenty-first district became "a- peifect
•walk." These facts are notorious throughout tho
•western division of New York, and are amply proven
by papers referred to me from Provost Marshal Gen-
eral's Ofiice and herewith returned.
During the administration of Captain Crandall,
provost marshal twenty-first district, from 2-Uh Jan-
uary to 14th March, 1805, the records of his office
show that there were enlisted forty-one men "who
refused all hountv, two hundred and sixty-nine who
accented fifty dollars, thirty-five who accepted from
one hundred to two hundred dollars, and one hun-
dred and twenty-three who received more than three
hundred dollars,
In all, four hundred and sixty-eight were mustered
in by Captain Crandall, of whom Major Haddock,
acting assistant provost marshal general, western
division New York, reports that fifty-five percent,
deserted before starting to tho field. Had Captain
Crandall retained in his hands fivo eighths of the
bounty received by tho two hundred and fifty desert-
ers, there would have accrued to the Government
$109,000. The amount paid over by him was very
small, but I was unable to ascertain it exactly.
Upon the loth March the enrolling board of this
district was suspended and Major Beadle, third regi-
ment Veteran iteservo corps, relieved Captain Cran-
dall. Major Beadle states that he found the affairs
of tho office in confusion, llisstatcmontis appended,
marked "Exhibit A."
Captain Crandall admitted that ho had in posses-
sion :$2o,75L> belonging to recruits and bounty brokers,
but refused to turn it over lor reasons given in his
communication to Provost Marshal General, dated
11th March, 1865, herewith returned.
It is proper to state, in relation to the violation of
Major Haddock's order to retain fivo eighths of
recruits' bounty, that in tho first seventeen cases,
Captain Crandall explained why he did it, and Major
Iiaddock was satisfied with the explanation. Upon
this Captain Ciandall based his subsequent action.
Thecorrespondeneeis annexed, marked" Exhibit 13."
Aside from this transparent schcmcto defraud the
Government by filling thequota of their district with
credits instead ofmen, there is nothmgobjectionable
in the official conduct of the board. Some commu-
nications upon file in the Provost Marshal General's
Office allege that the surgeon parsed unlit men. But
I am disposed to regard these cases as incident to
haste and overwork, and not as showing criminality
upon the surgeons part.
The character of the surgeon (Babcock) has been
above reproach, as also that of Captain Crandall.
Commissioner Munroe has not enjoyed so fully the
confidence of his lellow-citizens.
I do not regard the conduct of the board as legally
guilty, but morally they have perpetrated a most
glaring and inexcusable fraud upon the Government
they weio bworn to serve. Tlioy quieted their con-
sciences by casuistry, and regulated their actions by
the counsel of unscrupulous legal advisers. Misled
by sophistry, by an undue desire to serve well their
friends, and by constant pressure from eowaidly
neighbors dreading a draft, thevdid this great wrong
to their country, disgraced themselves, and brought
upon their district a wide-spread reputation for ras-
cality.
I respectfully recommend that every member of
the board ot enrollment tor the twenty-first district
of New \ ork be dismissed the service, and that the
money in posso^ion of Captain Crandall be seized.
And because of the disgraceful prejudice existing
among the demoralized peopleof that district against
filling their quota with decent men, thus preventing
utie of their own citizens from doing his duty to hi3
country as well as his county, that an officer of the
Army be detailed as provost marshal of that district.
I have the honor to report further, that incident to
the inspection of the twenty-first district facts in
relation to the administration of Majoi John A.Had-
dock, acting as-aLst.int provost maishal general for
we&tern division of New York, were educed which
led mo to the conviction that he is unfit tor the posi-
tion he holds.
Men of undoubted character charge him with being
insolent and abusive in discharging his duties, and
grossly immoral; that he is in collusion with bounty
brokers, and prostitutes his official position to per-
sonal ends. For proof of these charges I refer, at
Utica, to the postmaster and Hon. R. Conkling ; at
Elmira, to the mayor, J. I. Nix, Postmaster D. F.
Pickering,Provost Marshal J. S. Wright, Colonel B.
F. Tracy, commanding post; Captain EugeneDivin,
and Peter A. La France; also to Colonel L. C. Baker.
Very respectfully submitted,LIJWN6T0Ni
Major, Assistant Inspector General.
Brevet Brigadier General J. A. Hardie,
Inspector General United States Army.
Respectfully referred to the Provost Marshal
General. JAMES A. HARDIE,
Inspector General.
War Department, April 1,1865.
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Bureau,
Washington, I). C., April 1,1805.
Respectfully submitted to the honorable Secretary
of War:
1. I recommend that Major J. A. Haddock be re-
lieved from duty as acting assistant provost marshal
general of western division of New York, and that
his conduct be further investigated, and that Major
S. B. Hayman, United States Army, be detailed for
that po3t. Major Hayman is on duty in Indiana and
can be spared for the purpose.
2. That the appointments of the members of the
board of enrollment in the twenty-first district of
New York be revoked. JAMES B. FRY,
Provost Marshal General.
Presented to Secretary of War April 1,1865, and
approved by him. JAMES 33. FRY,
Provost Marshal General,
Headquarters Draft Rendezvous,
Elmira, New York, February 20,1865.
Major: The twenty-first district. New York, is
evading General Order 305. Men irom that district
bring with them to general rendezvous from twenty
to twenty-two dollars each. Tho supervisors have
taken some action with a view to evade the order.
The district is filling its quota with bounty jumpers.
Fifteen deserters from Auburn in onesquad.
This is giving to this district an undue advantage
over the other districts. There is now a rush of
bounty jumpers for Utica. Major Haddock, acting
assistant provost marshal general, declares himself
'powerless to correct this evil. I inclose telegrams
from him to provost marshal at Utica, which show
his views of tho subject. General Order No. 305 is
worthless and should bo revoked unless the recruits
are required to bring their money to general rendez-
vous. Unless this is stopped at once other districts
will be compelled, in self-defense, to resort to the
same dodge, and one of the best orders ever issued
become a nullity.
I suggest that commanding officers of rendezvous
bo instructed to. refuse to receipt for any recruit and
substitute from this district unless he brings with him
his local bounty or the amount paid him tor becom-
ing a substitute.
I am, Major, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant. B. F. TRACY,
Colonel 127th XI. S. C. T., Commanding Rendezvous.
Major H. Clay Wood,
Assistant Adjutant General, Washington, D. 0•
Headquarters, Camp Seward,
Auburn, New York, March 4,1865.
Sir: I have the honorto laybeforeyouthe follow-
ing items in regard to the provost marshal's office at
Utica. I learned from two apparently reputable
men from Uticathatthe business atthatoffice is con-
ducted in the following manner: the supervisors of
the county met and resolved to pay a county bounty
ofS600; they met again and resolved to add $125to
tho $600, making $725 local bounty to be paid by tho
county; they then resolved themselves into areeruit-
ing committee to furnish the quota of the county;
they get the men at as low a figure as they can and
charge the county the full amount of $725. The pro-
vost marshal and the examining surgeon seem to be
but the creatures of these supervisors. Men lotten
with venereal disease, totally unfit for any duty, are
passed by the surgeon and sent here for duty. One
old man, just discharged for disability, having the
pilot? badly, befoie he got to his home was grabbed
by these Utica harpies, put through by the officials,
with, as he alleges, but $1V>0, somebody pocketing the
balance, and sent here. I/e is utterly worthless as a
soldier. Nine tenths of the recruits sent here from
that office are the most worthless set of scoundrels
you ever put your eyes upon.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
JAMES L.LOTT,
First Lieutenant l§th V. R. C., Commanding Camp.
Major John A. Haddock, Acting Assistant Provost
Marshal General, Western Ifivision New York.
Headquarters
192d Regiment New York Volunteers,
Albany, February 4, I860.
Colonel: I have the honor most respectfully to
protest against the reception of recruits for the one
hundred and ninety-second regiment New York vol-
unteers who are mustered by the provost marshal at
Utica. The men who havo been received at the Vet- '
cran Reserve corps barracks from that city are, with- |
out doubt, "bounty jumpers," and should not have
been mustered by any intelligent mustering officer.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
N. G. AXTELL,
Colonel 192$ Regiment New York Volunteers.
Lieutenant Colonel F. Townsend,
Superintendent Recruiting Service.
War Department,
Provost Marshal General's Bureau,
Washington, D. C., November6,1865.
Sir: The instructions of this bureau required pro-
vost marshals to turn over to the nearest disbursing
officer all funds which came into their hands. The
bureau having been informed that P. B. Crandall,
then provost marshal of the Utica district, New York,
had in his possession a large amount of money and
bonds, and that ho had not turned over the same or
reported the fact to this office, he was ordered on the
4th of March, 1865, to turn over the money, which he
refused to do.
On the 10th of the same month the order was re-
peated, and again disobeyed, he stating as a reason
that he had been advised by counsel of high standing
that he would be held personally responsible for tho
money.
On the following day the order was repeated, and
again disobeyed with the statement that Ward Hunt,
Esq.,his counsel,advised him that hecould notsafely
comply with the order.
On the30th of March he was again ordered by tele-
graphfrom this office to turn over the money at once,
and on the 1st day of April following, he answered
by telegraph that he would immediately comply.
It subsequently appeared that instead of turning
over the whole amount, $33,995 10, which ho had pre-
viously stated was in his possession, he had only
turned over $8,095.
On the 6th day of April his attention was called to
that fact.
To this a reply, dated April 13, was received on the
21st day of April, in which I was informed that the
bonds in question (§20,000) had been seized by a writ
of replevin at the suit of Richardson, and in which
letter Captain Crandall stated as follows :
"I respectfully request the Government t<) tako
charge of the suit and relieve me from responsibility
in regard to it. In the event, however, that nocharge
is taken of it by the Government, I have placed it
under the direction of Messis. Hunt, Waterman &
Hunt, who will appear as my attorneys in the case."
On the 9th day of March, 1865, Captain Crandall
was suspended from office, and on the 51st of May,
1865, his services as provost marshal were discon-
tinued.
No further information on the subject of the
$20,000 in county bonds was received from Captain
Crandall until the letter dated September 15, a copy
of which is transmitted by Hon. Iioscoe Conkling.
I have never approved of Captain Crandall's course
in relation to turning in these moneys, nor of the in-
tercourse between him and Aaron Richardson, the
bounty broker, by which he, Crandall, came in pos-
session of §20,000 county bonds, now under discus-
sion. Having, however, taken these bonds, Captain
Crandall was ordered to turn them over to a desig-
nated disbursing officer of the Government, which
he refused to do. This refusal resulted in his sus-
pension from duty, a correspondence, and a renewal
of the orders to turn in the money, in answer to
which renewed orders the fact appeared that during
the correspondence and delay occasioned by Captain
Crandall's disobedience, the money was taken out of
his hands by a writ of replevin at the suit of Aaron
Richardson, the bounty broker. It will be observed
that in his first report of April 13 on the subject,
Captain Crandall asks the Government to take charge
of the suit and relieve him from the responsibility in
regard to it, but says "in the event, howover, that
no charge is taken of it by thft Government. I have
placed it under the direction of Messrs. Hunt, Water-
man & Hunt, who will appear as my counsel."
When I received this letter, I did not think, and
do not now, that the Government was called upon to
relieve him from the responsibility in this matter,
and as he contemplated and had provided for the
contingency of the Government not assuming the
suit, and had employed counsel, and placed it under
their direction, no action from this office was neces-
sary, and I therefore took none.
In his letter of September 15, renewing the subject,
he says, "Unless the Department, therefore, gives
instructions to the attorney for the defense, Hunt,
Waterman & Hunt, Utica, Now York? and assume
the responsibility of the suit, the defense will be
abandoned by me,andMr. Richardson willbc allowed
to takeajudgment for the recovery of his bonds and
to obtain the possession of the same.''
I did not then, and do not now, consider that the
threat to abandon the suit, contained in this quota-
tion, called for any action from this office. Mr. Cran-
dall saw fit as a Government officer to receive these
bonds from a bounty broker; he refused to obey the
orders of this bureau as to the disposition of them,
and permitted them to pass out of his han^n, ana
become the subject of a civil suit: he assumed the
suit and employed counsel to conduct it, the same
counsel, it may be remarked, under whose advice he
had refused to obey the orders of this bureau to turn
in thefunds. He now (assuming that the within let-
ter speaks for hirtf) again asks the Government to
assume the suit, that is, pay the lawyer's bills, Mr.
Crandall having employed the lawyers and placed
the case under their direction. I do not advise this
coursc; onthccontrary,Irecommend thatthcrespon-
sibility which Mr. Crandall assumed in this matter
re&t with him. If he adopts the course proposed in his
letter of September 15, to abandon the suit and let
Richardson have the bonds, it will not, I presume,
invalidate the right to proceed against him for the
