:&70
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
4. After the issue of such proclamation, the
Secretary of the Treasury is required to pay
over certain moneys to the Governor of
the State, to be disposed of as the State may
direct.
That law isinforeo now; isstill the supreme
law of the land. Its language demonstrates
with complete certainty—a certainty which
excludes all doubt—that, in the judgment of
Congress, those eleven States are-still States in
this Union under the Constitution.
Having shown those States to be in the
Union under the Constitution, I now inquire,
what is their true situation? What rights
have they, and what duties devolve on them ?
To answer those important questions let us
inquire, what constitutes a State ?
"A State, in the meaning of public law, is a com-
plete or self-sufficient body of persons united together
ill one community for the defense of their rights. It
has affairs and interests; it deliberates, and becomcs
a moral person, having understanding and will, and
is susceptible of obligations and laws."
All the great writers 011 public law agree in
this.
"In a more limited sense the word State sometimes
expresses merely the positive or actual organization
of the legislative, executive, or judicial powers; thus
the actual Government is designated sometimes by the
name of State."
This distinction between what constitutes a
State in the meaning of public law, and the
word State as sometimes used to designate the
form of its government, is just as clear as the
distinction between a man and the garment he
wears, in the Declaration of Independence
this great distinction between the State, the body
political, which constitutes the State, and the
form of its government, between "the people"
whose right it is "to alter or to abolish'' their
"form of government," and '''institute anew
government,'' "organizing its powers in such
form as to them shall seem most, likely to effect
their safety and happiness,1' is most clearly
recognized. The State, the people, the body-
politic, 1' institute, alter, or abolish their form
of government." Despotism sometimes treats
the body-politic, the State, the people, as if the
people were made for the government, and con-
founds the State with its ruling organization.
Not so under the Declaration of Independence,
underourrepublicansystem. Here the form of
government is but an agency to serve the State.
Legislatures, judges, and executive officers are
servants and not masters. 1 repeat, under the
old despotism the form of government was or-
ganized to put all power in the monarch, who
sometimes claimed to be the Slate itself. It
was Louis XIV who said, " I'j'jlaf, cast moiV
1 am the State. Bui the people of France,Tim
Statu, decapitated this despotic assumption in
the person of one of his successors, .lames 1 as-
serted the same absolutism, and the people of
England, tuk Statk, did the same thing when it
brought, Charles J to the block, l.t proved to be
a very sad mistake in those crowned heads thus
to ignore this distinction between the Slate and
its accidents, between I be body-pol i Lie itself and
a mere form ofgoverniueiit, which they, in their
absolutism, assumed (beitKelve^ to be.
This distinction, as it. seems to me, is some-
times lost sight of among us, and is the occa-
sion of differences of views 011 the subject of
reconstruction. I may be pardoned, therefore,
if I dwell still longer on this important point.
I have shown that in- view of public law
nothing can be more clear than that a State
does not consist of the form of its government.
That is one of its accidents. That may be
democratic, aristocratic, or theocratic ; it may
l>e military ; it may be republican, despotic, or
monarchical. It may have any one of these
forms, or a mixed one, and yet it is a State.
It may change its government every year, as a
tree easts oft its foliage. The State 110 more
consists of its form of government than a man
consists ofthe-garment with which he is clothed.
He may change that every day, he mav be
stripped of any garment whatever; but" still
the man remains : and for a State to change its
-form, or, for the time being, to be stripped of all
form of government, no more destroys its exist-
ence than is a man destroyed when ho takes
off one coat to put 011 another, or is stripped
entirely of his garments.
Nor is a State destroyed by the declaration
of martial law in it, nor by war, unless con-
quered by a foreign Power, or dismembered by
revolution, and made into two or more States.
To be invaded does not destroy it, if it expel
the invader. To bo torn by civil war, "and
even drenched in fraternal blood,'' does not
destroy it either, unless the final issue of arms
shall be against it.
Take the case 01 Mexico: once a part of the
Spanish empire; then a republic; then an em-
pire ; again a republic; and then a military dic-
tatorship ; once more a republic; in danger now
of being usurped by an Austrian monarch, under
the protectorate of Napoleon.
But, under all these different forms of govern-
ment, despotic, republican, military, or impe-
rial, it is the same Slate. Times without number
it has been in civil war, in revolution, almost in
anarehy. Its existence as a State, however,
still remains ; and its rights as a State, among
tliq nations, and especially to choose its own
rnlers and form of government, remain unim-
paired.
Let us now inquire what constitutes a State
in this Union, under the Constitution? I an-
swer, the same things which constitute a State
not in this Union, except so far as its rights,
powers, and sovereignty are limited by the Con-
stitution of the United States. Under that, the
United States has entire and absolute sover-
eignty overall external affairs; over all relations
with foreign Powers. The United States has also
paramount and absolute sovereignty over all in-
ternal affairs committed to it by the Constitution.
The Stale has a limited sovereignty over its do-
mestic affairs and interests. I say limited sover-
eignty, because an amendment, to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, which three fourths of
all the States can adopt at any time, will still
further abridge the rights and powers reserved
to the States, and thus give additional powers to
the United States. Subject to these limitations,
however, States in this Union have all the es-
sential attributes, rights, and powers of States
not ill this Union.
(hie of the limiinlinnsupon those rights is that
it shall have 110 power to organize any State
government not republican in form, while it
mav adopt any 1'ormof republican government.
And the same di-linetion between a State and
its government, is clearly recognized in the
clause of the Constitution -which provides that
"the United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of govern-
ment." AYe sco by this language a "State in
this Union" is oue thing; the form of its gov-
ernment another and different tiling. Recog-
nizing the right of a State, under ihe law of
nations, lo put, on or put ot'l' its form of gov-
ernment, it was thought essential to ihe more
perfect union of these States under the Con-
stitution to restrict this power of the State over
its form of go1, eminent so far as to deny its
right to put 011 any other than a republican one.
Ami, therefore, when conspiracy and rebellion
attempts it, or when usurpation succeeds in
doing so, in any State ill this Union, the United
States not only has the right, but is bound to
intervene against such usurpation, and restore
to tlic State a republican form of State govern-
ment.
And now, what are the facts? Two radical
ideas in the cotton States—radically false, how-
ever— namely, that the States had a right to
secede, and that slavery was a blessing, had
been so long advocated by the statesmen, press,
schools, and clergy of those States, that a large
portion of their people, both men and women,
came to believe in them. These ideas became
a part of their political and religious faith.
That alone explains the desperate valor and
obstinacy displayed by them in this ttruggle.
Ihosc ideas, like a contagion, pervaded the
cotton States, and took deep root in the States
of North Carolina, Virginia. Tennessee, Arkan-
sas, Missouri, and Kentucky—not to the same
extent, however. From conviction, by persua-
sion, through sympathy, or fear, oe force, many
of the people—not a majority, however—of
the Gulf States followed the lead of their chief
conspirators, and were plunged by them head-
long into rebellion. Most of the persons exer-
cising the functions of State government, the
functionaries from choice, force, or interest,
joined it also, and thereby the State govern-
ments, as organized, were dominated by the
rebellion and made to do its work. It was a
usurpation.
In that work they went further, and endeav-
ored to establish a confederation of States, as
an independent Power among the nations of the
earth. As all these proceedings were in viola-
tion of the Constitution, and legally null and
void, the United States was bound to treat them
as such, and maintain the supremacy of the Con-
stitution.
The rebellion appealed lo the sword. Had
the rebellion been successful it would have be-
come a revolution, and whether right or wrong,
theseparation of those States and the overthrow
of the Constitution in Ihosc Stales would have
become an accomplished fact. But the rebel-
lion was not successful. To attempt and to
succeed is one thing; to attempt and fail is
another. In the one case, it, is suppressed in-
surrection; in the other a successful revolution,
in* which a new Power is born into the family
of nations. Like the bonds for the confederate
debt, payable only after the United States shall
recognize its independence, the confederacy
itself can have no existence until its independ-
ence is secured. The whole question turns on
success or failure, victory or defeat. •
But hero arises another and entirely different
question : what effect did the rebellion and our
overcoming.it have upon the functions of the
so-called confederacy and of the State govern-
ments ? The functions of the confederacy, with
th e confederation itself, were utterly overthrown.
It was a complete collapse. Under the Consti-
tution it never had any validity. It was always
null and void—an illegality ; more, sir, a crime.
It rested not upon its right, but upon its sword.
When that was taken it vanished. And all that
remains to the great conspirators are the disap-
pointed hopes and hideouc dreams, unrealized,
of madness, folly, and ambition.
.But what effect did the rebellion have during
its existence upon the forms of government,
upon the persons exercising the functions of
government, and upon the laws themselves ex-
isting before the rebellion in these States? I
answer, generally, the rebellion from the be-
ginning was an attempt at revolution, to dis-
solve the allegiance of those States and their
people to the Constitution of the United States,
and lo transfer that allegiance to the new con-
federation of States ; and for the time being just
such changes were made in their form of gov-
ernment and functionaries and laws as would
aid that object, and no more.
Bear in mind, the rebellion did not contem-
plate destroying these State* oi reducing them
into Territories at all. The prominent idea was
or pretended to be to save to the States greater
rights and powers and sovereignty than were
conceded to tliem in the Union under the Fed-
eral Constitution, one of which was this right
of State secession.
The whole purpose of the rebellion was to
transfer the allegiance of those States from the
Federal Union to the confederation of the
South. Our whole purpose was to prevent that,
and save those States in the LTnion, and com-
pel them and their people to acknowledge their
allegiance to it.
"VYe struggled to save the States in a more
perfect Union under our Constitution.
They struggled to save the States with greater
rights and powers in the confederation.
Upon this the war was made by them, and
upon that issue it went 011 until the end.
Neither paity belligerent sought to destroy,
but to save the States.
Neither party sought to destroy, but to save
