1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
it; I made speeches in favor of it," as we know
that ho did, in wliieh he urged upon thesouthern
people to unite together and fight the Union
and establish their independence, that that was
their only safety. Suppose he comes here and
says, "1 was really opposed to this thing, and I
really did this for the purpose of protecting the
Union," A queer way of doingit.it is true! In
his case itwould bevery queer; but in the case
under consideration testimony was submitted
to the committee; we had the testimony of a
witness before us, a colonel from Tennessee;
and from the testimony which was submitted
to us—and it was undisputed—I was satisfied
that Mr. Patterson was a Union man at that
time ; that he wanted to preserve the Union;
and that it was urged upon him to take the of- -
fice for the purpose of protecting the Union
men of that country, it being known that the
majority of the people in that part of the State
of Tennessee were Union people.
It is an embarrassing question; it is embar-
rassing to me, exceedingly so, I confess; and
I have not seen very clearly how to dispose of
the question. I confess ihat when a gentle-
man comes here who in fact in his heart has
been a Union man all the time and has done
what he could to protect Uirion men when he was
in the midst of the secession country, when he
exercised the duties of his office as far as he
could for their protection, although he did ex-
ercise the duties of an office under the confed-
eracy, although he himself administered the
oath to support the confederacy to other per-
sons, T feel strongly for him. But it seems to
me if we receive such a person here in this way
we do away with the oath and we bring into
disrepute the very law which we have placed
upon the statute-book; and I ask, have we
authority to do that?
I submit the question, Mr. President, so far
as I am concerned. I do not know that I shall
say anything further in the case; and perhaps
I should not have said this much if I had been
able to agree to the majority report; and had it
not been that we are in the very last of the ses-
sion, when we are so overburdened with labors
that I found it impracticable to do so, I should
have written out my views and here presented
them as llie views of the minority of the com-
mittee in reference to this matter. As it is,
not having been able to do that, I have en-
deavored briefly to present the view of it which
occurs to me If other Senators can see the
case differently, if Mr. Patterson can be ad-
mitted to his seat, and they are satisfied and
can see their way clear to vote that he is qual-
ified under the circumstances, the fact of his
being here will gratify me as much as any
person, though I cannot myself see it in that
light.
Mr. CLARK. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from Illinois if it did not appear to his
mind that the committee was quite satisfied
that Mr. Patterson took the office and so far
as he did hold it held it for the protection of
the Union men and in hostility to the confed-
erate government.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was satisfied by the
testimouy before the committee that he did not
use this office for the benefit of the confederate
government, but rather that he accepted it at
the instance of the Union men with a view of
trying to protect them. I think the testimony
shows that.
Mr. CLARK. There is no question, I think,
about the facts. The great point to bo ascer-
tained is, whether this man is now and has been
all along a Union man. I think there was not
a doubt or a shadow of doubt in the mind of
any person who heard him or who heard the
testimony before the committee, that he had
been throughout a Union man, not only a
Union man, but such a Union man as would
put some of us to shame that we should be
admitted into the Senate because we were
Union men and he should be put out. When
I have laid on the ground by night, night after
night, for my Unionism, I may claim something
for it. When I have been arrested time and
again for my Unionism, I may claim something
for it. When my house has been guarded night
after night by rebels to prevent my escape or
to prevent me going to the aid of the Union
people, I may claim something for my Union-
ism. When I have established or aided to es-
tablish an underground railroad miles through
the enemy's country and have piloted men
through that country and aided them to go into
the Union Army to fight rebellion, then I may
claim something for my Unionism. And all
this has this man done upon whose case we are
now passing.
What is the objection to him ? Simply this:
that in 1854 he was elected a judge of the cir-
cuit court in Tennessee, when that State was
loyal; he held that office all tho time as a
Union man until that State seceded, resisting
rebellion, resisting secession in every way that
he could, still remaining a Union man; and
that afterward, when the term of his office ex-
pired, when the eight years were out, ho was
again elected, by whom? By the Union peo-
ple of East Tennessee against the rebels, for
the protection of the Union people. To pro-
tect them he consented to hold the office. And
is such a man to be refused admission to the
Senate because he risked himself, he risked
his life, he risked his family, he risked his prop-
erty for the protection of Union men, when
after he was elected and took the office he did
no one act that ever can be proved, or as any-
body pretends, to aid the rebellion, but held
the office in opposition to rebellion, in oppo-
sition to secession, in hostility to the confed-
eracy, claiming that he held it under the old
State government, true to the Union, and in
no other way?
Mr. President, the object of the oath is to
prevent rebels and secessionists from coming
into the Senate, not to cxclude Union men
like the Senator-elect from Tennessee; and if
he can take the oath, as 1 understand him to
say he can, because lie did not hold that oflice
under the rebel government, never claimed so
to hold it, always said he rejected their author-
ity and held it under the old State government
for the protection of the Union men, 1, for one,
say that he is entitled to his seat. 1 will let
him settle that question. I will pass upon his
acts, upon the testimony of his being a Union
man; and if 1 find him to be a Union man,
and he says, "I have been so far a Union man
that I can cheerfully take the oath," 1 am
willing to give my vote that he shall take his
seat.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask for the reading of
the resolution.
The Secretary read the resolution, as fol-
lows:
Ilesolvncl, That Hon. David T. Patterson is duly
qualified and entitled to hold a seat, in the Senate of
tho United States from the State of Tennessee.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to say one word on
this subject. The immediate question before
us is, if I understand it, the adoption of the
resolution which has just been read, which de-
clares that this gentleman is duly qualified to
act as a Senator of tho United States from the
State of Tennessee. Whether ho is duly qual-
ified must depend among other things upon
this: whether he has ever "attempted to ex-
ercise the functions of any office, whatever,
under any authority or pretended authority in
hostility to the United States." It seems to
me that there can be but one answer given to
this question. It is in proof, if 1 understand
the report properly, from the admissions of
the applicant himself before the Judiciary
Committee of this body, that after the State
of Tennessee as a political community had
passed a solemn ordinance of secession from
the United States, after, as such community,
she was engaged in a bloody rebellion against
the United States, this gentleman was elected
by a popular vote one of the ciicuit judges of
the State of Tennessee; that a commission
was made out for him by the Executive of the
State and transmitted to him, and he was
called upon to take an oath as one of the
qualifications to the exercising of the func-
tions of that judgeship, that he •would -sup-
port the constitution of the State of Tennessee
and also the constitution of the confederate
States of America. It is very true the report
alleges that when the commission was trans-
mitted to him, it was accompanied by a per-
emptory order of the Executive of Tennes-
see upon him to take this oath at once. I
have ^et to learn what authority the Execu-
tive of any State in this Union has or ever had
to transmit a " peremptory order" to a person
elected to an office, requiring or constraining
him in any way to take the oath of office. I
ask the honorable gentleman from Vermont,
who made this report, what was to be the pen-
alty of an omission on the part of Judge Pat-
terson to take the oath required. '
Mr. POLAND. He would probably have
been hung.
Mr. HOWARD. He would probably have
been hung, says the honorable Senator. . I will
not accept '' probably'' in such a case as this.
I desire to know whether there was any law on
the statute-book of Tennessee or anything in
its constitution requiring Judge Patterson or
any other judge thus elected to take the oath
of office. No, sir; I apprehend, indeed, I can
assert with confidence, that there was no such
law. The Governor of the State had no au-
thority whatever to make such a "peremptory
order;" and so far as the evidence is con-
cerned here, so far as it goes, it does not show
that he was in the slightest peril at that mo-
ment ; it does not show that he was under any
species of duress, either by threats or actual
imprisonment or constraint of any kind what-
ever. For aught that appears before us he
took that oath as willingly, as intelligently, and
as understaudingly as ho ever took any oath in
his life, as much so as when we take the oath
to support the Constitution of the United States
as members of Ibis body.
Mr. CLARK. Permit me to say it did not
so appear to the committee.
Mr. HOWARD. I ask the committee to
stale what was the danger under which he was
laboring and what had ho to stand in fear of.
Mr. CLA11K. The rebel bayonets that were
about him all the time.
Mr. HOWARD. Was there a military force
of rebels there ready to enforce this pretended
"peremptory order?"
Mr. CLARK. There was a rebel military
force about him.
Mr. HOWARD. The committee sayno such
thing in their report. That is a most important
item, let mc say, if it be a fact that he was
under the coercion of bayonets in case of a
refusal. It is a most important fact to be stated
in this report, and still the committee have
omitted entirely to say anything about it.
But, sir, what I have said respecting the oath
and the coercicya has really nothing to do with
the question now before the Senate. The res-
olution upon which we are called upon to vote
declares that this gentleman is duly qualified to
take his seat hero. He was confessedly an
officer of the State of Tennessee; Tennessee
was a member of the rebel confederacy; it had
its fifteen, its twenty, perhaps its thirty thou-
sand men in the rebel ranks making war against
the Government of the United States; it had
its entire quota of representatives in the rebel
congress; it had its two senators in the rebel
congress ; and to all intents and purposes the
Stale of Tennessee was in hostility to the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Now, under
i what authority was it that this commission
< issued? Under the authority of Tennessee.
Was it any other authority ? No, sir; but the au-
thority of Tennessee, and that authority alone,
was the one under which he was required to
act by that commission.
Mr. CLARK, if the Senator from Michi-
gan will allow me at this time, as I find there
maj- be a little objection to the form of the
j resolution, I will move to amend the commit-
.! tee's resolution.
il Mr. HOWARD. I shall get through my
