1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8255
umerits: of certain officers of the Army," approved
July IT, 1862, and a resolution entitled "A resolution
to authorize the President to assign the command of
troops in the same field or department to officers of
tbesamegrade without regard toseniority," approved
April 4,1862, be, and the same are hereby, repealed;
and no officer in the military or naval service shall
be dismissed from service except upon and in pursu-
ance of the sentence of a court-martial to that effect
or in commutation thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Oregon [Mr. Nesmith] offered an
amendment which has not been acted upon.
It will now be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Nesmith, as follows:
And be it further enacted, That hereafter the Super-
intendent of the Military Academy may be selected
from any oorps of the Army.
Mr. WADE called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I believe the Senate
voted down this proposition twice or three
times—I do not remember exactly how many
times. I do not remember what bill the Sen-
ator from Oregon moved it to before.
Mr. SHERMAN. It was offered as an
amendment to the West Point bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope it will not be put
on this Army appropriation bill, at any rate.
I do not know whether tlie new Board of Vis-
itors has recommended it, but I suppose it is
verylikely.it has done so. The matter was
very fully discussed before, and the Senate by
a decided vote rejected the proposition.
Mr. NESMITH. There was but one vote
on the question, I think, and that was when I
offered this proposition as an amendment to a
joint resolution passed .by the Senate some-
time since in regard to appointments to the
West Point Academy. It was then voted down
by a majority of one, the vote standing eigh-
teen to nineteen. It was objected to then by
some that that was not the proper place for
such an amendment, and for that reason, no
doubt, some Senators voted against i . This
bill making appropriations for the support of
the Army seems to be an appropriate place for
it, and I have offered it again. I hope it will
be adopted.
Mr. SPIIA GUE. It seems to me that this is a
very wise provision, and I should be very glad
to see it placed on this bill or any other bill to
which it may be appropriate. It seems to me
very unwise to confine the selection of the
officer who shall have the superintendency of
the Military Academy to any particular branch
of the Army, either the engineers, the artillery,
the infantry, the cavalry, or any other special
department of the service. It seems to me the
field of selection should be as wide as the whole
service.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 12; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Iirown, Conness, Henderson, How-
ard, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Xosmith, iYye,
Pomeroy, ltamsev. Sherman, Spra^ue, Stewart,
Trumbull, Wade, Williams, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Ciagin, Edmunds, Fes-
senden, Foster, Guthrie, Ifairis, Morgan, Moriill,
Poland, Van Winkle, and Wilson—12.
ABSENT — Messrs. Duckalew, Chandler, Clink,
Cowan. Ureswell, Davis, Dixon, Doolittlo, Grimes,
Hendricks. Howe, Johnson, Lane of Kansas, Me-
Dougall, Norton, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, Wil-
ley, and Wright—20.
So the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer this amendment as
-a new section:
And be it further enacted, That section thirty-five
of an act entitled "An act for enrolling and calling
out the national forces, and for other purposes," ap-
proved March 3, 1863, prohibiting the payment of
extra-duty pay to enlisted men of the Army, be, and
the same is hereby, repealed; and the provisions of
the original act and the authority to grant. extra^pay
arc hereby extended to the enlisted men of the Navy
and Maiine corps of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to have some
explanation of that. I do not understand it.
Mr. WILSON. This matter has been dis-
cussed during the present session, and I sup-
posed it was well understood. The provision
is recommended very strongly by the Depart-
ments. Formerly soldiers were allowed a cer-
tain amount, I think twenty-five cents per day,
when they were detailed to do work not prop-
erly connected with their duties as soldiers, on
account of its wearing out their clothes and
other reasons of that character. During the
war, being' engaged in war and having vast
masses of men in the service, we repealed the
act granting this allowance, and it is now pro-
posed to restore it. In many cases soldiers are
employed for many days where otherwise we
should have to hire men. We employ some
of them as mechanics, in continuous labor for
days and weeks, very important to the Gov-
ernment, and it is believed that to allow this
extra pay will save money to the Government
and is a mere matter of justice to the soldiers.
We inserted this provision under the Army
organization bill when it was before the Sen-
ate, and the Senator from Iowa then moved to
include the men of the Navy and Marine corps
in the provision, and I have offered this amend-
ment in the shape in which the proposition
received the sanction of the Senate before
without any opposition.
Mr. GRIMES. I can best illustrate this
matter by an example falling within my own
knowledge in the State where I live. Many
years ago, when Iowa was a Territory, I re-
member that the Government, on several occa-
sions had to build forts away out on the front-
ier, beyond the white settlements. In those
cases the forts were built by the soldiers, and
they received twenty or twenty-five cents a day
additional pay as compensation for the labor
they performed outside of their duties as sol-
diers, whereas, if the same work had been per-
formed by mechanics it would have cost the
Government probably very much more. The
application of the same principle to sailors and
marines is simply for the benefit of a few who
are stationed at the Naval Academy, some of
whom are painters and carpenters, and who are
employed in that way, and it will not involve
any considerable expense.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I offer another amendment
to come in as an additional section :
And be it further cnacted, That the allowance now
made by law to otlioers traveling under orders, where
transportation is not furnished m kind, shall be in-
creased to ten cents per mile.
We agreed to this provision during the ses-
sion on the Array organization bill by the gen-
eral consent of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to. ,
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, its title was
amended by the addition of the words ''and
for other purposes."
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiieiison, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had concurred
in the report-of the committee of conferrenee on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill (II. R. No. 4921 making
appropriations for the repair, preservation, and
completion of certain public works heretofore
commenced under the authority of law, and for
other purposes.
The message also announced that, the House
of Representatives had passed, without amend-
ment, the joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) for
the relief of Samuel Norris.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 166) to pay to the State
of Vermont the sum expended for the protec-
tion of the frontier against the invasion from
Canada in 1864; and a bill (H. II. No. 270) to
establish a Department of Education : in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolutions;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi- j
dent pro tempore of the Senate: i
A bill (S. No. 127) for the relief of Jonathan i
W. Gordon, late major in the eleventh regiment
of infantry;
A bill (S. No. 230) to reimburse the State
of West Virginia for moneys expended for the
United States in enrolling, equipping, and pay-
ing military forces to aid in suppressing the
rebellion;
A bill (S. No. 278) for the relief of Captain
John H. Crowell, assistant quartermaster in
the United States Army;
A bill (S. No. 174) to establish a hydro-
graphic office in the Navy Department;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 85) explana-
tory of and in addition to the act of May 5,
1804, entitled "An act granting lands to aid in
the construction of certain railroads in Wis-
consin;" and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 711 referring
the petition and papers in the case of Joseph
Nock to the Court of Claims.
ordeil of business.
Mr. WILSON. I now move to take up the
bill which was specially assigned for one o'clock
to-day—House bill No. 013, to continue in force
and to amend an act to establish a Bureau for
the Relief of Freedmen and Refugees, and for
other purposes.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope that will not be
taken up, but that the Senate will continue the
consideration of bill No. 317—the Pacific rail-
road bill—and let us get through with it. That
is the unfinished business now properly before
the Senate, and I think we can dispatch it in
the course of half an hour, or an hour at the
most.
Mr. WILSON. I will say to the Senator from
Michigan that his bill was up in the morning
hour yesterday and to-day, and as 1 secured a
special assignment of this bill I think it ought
not to be laid aside for the purpose of taking
up any other bill. 1 am very anxious to have
it passed, and I hope the Senate will proceed
with it.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe it is the rule of
the Senate that the unfinished business of
yesterday takes precedence of the special
order.
The PFtESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
rule of the Senate, but that question is not now
before the Senate.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Pacific railroad
bill will be continued.
Mr. WILSON. I insist on my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, to postpone the presentaud all prior
orders and proceed to the consideration of
House bill No. 613.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 16.
Mr. HOWARD. Now I move to take up
Senate bill No. 317.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to have the
yeas and nays on my motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. "We can get rid of the
railroad bill in a short time.
Mr. WILSON. I gave way to-day to the
Senator from Ohio after I had got a special
assignment, and now he asks me to give way
further. I think it is a strange request. I ask
for the yeas and nays on the motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will entertain the call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SHERMAN. [ wish to see the passage
of both these bills, and I dislike to see them
antagonized. This railroad bill 1 know is a
matter of great importance to the railroad. If
the Kansas branch is to be allowed to so up
the Smoky Hill route the bill ought to be passed
at this session, and at this period ; if it is not
passed here soon, it will not probably be con-
sidered by the other House. I think it ought
to tie disposed of. It has been before (he Sen-
ate now three days. The Freedmen's Bureau
bill, I think, should be passed to-dry alnO. Th(!
railroad bill has been discussed. I suppose,
nearly as much as it will be, and 1 hope, tli"re-
fore, it will be taken up now. The Pacific
Railroad Committee very fully considered it.
