325Q
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
I desire to' take up that bill, and hope both may
be passed to-day.
Mr. TKUMB ULL. I desire to inquire what
the special order now is. What is before the
Senate? My impression is, that the bureau
bill is the bill in order. It being set as a spe-
cial order for to-day, and the Army appropria-
tion bill haying superseded it, it would come
up in its order at any rate on the Army bill
being disposed of. I suppose the unfinished
business of yesterday has been displaced. This
was the special order for to-day, and where there
are several special orders, the oldest one, I be-
lieve, has precedence. I make the iuquiry to
know if this bill is not before the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
thinks it would be before the Senate in the
absence of a motion.
Mr. TBUMB ULL. Then it is properly be-
fore the Senate, and wo may as well go on
with it.
Mr. BROWN. The motion is to lay it aside
and take up the other bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. No; there is 110 other
motion. 1 call for the order of the day.
Mr. BROWN. That is the motion of the
Senator behind yon.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That motion has not
been made. The Senator from Massachusetts
made a motion to take this bill up, and on that
question there was a vote, and it is now being
ascertained how the vote was. Before we do
that, it is competent to ascertain whether this
bill is not before the Senate. If it is, wo had
belter go on with it.
Mr. CONNliSS. The unfinished business
to-day was the mining bill. We were very
anxious to finish that, but wo gave way for the
more pressing necessity of the appropriation
bill at the solicitations of the Senator who had
it in charge. Certainly the special order hav-
ing lost its time has no privilege now, and
therefore the question is, by a vote of the Sen-
ate, shall we proceed to the consideration of
the Freodmen's Bureau bill?
The Secretary proceeded to call the roll.
Mr. HENDRICKS. There are Senators on
this side, and I am among them, who do not
understand what the question is. Is it to take
tip the Freedmen's Bureau bill or to take up
the railroad bill?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Freed-
men's Bureau bill. 'The motion was to post-
pone the present and all prior orders and pro-
ceed to the consideration of' that bill, and the
question is on that motion.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 14, nays 17 ; as follows:
YIO AS— Messrs. Anthony, I'V.-M-nden, Foster,
Grimes, Harris, Mow, Kirkwood, _Mor:rnn, Morrill,
Trumbull, Wade, WiNou, and Yates—]!.
N A Y.S—jUessrs. ISrown, Conness, O'rasrin, Edmunds,
Outline, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Ncsmith,
Nye, Poland, Ramsey, Sherman, Stewart, Van Win-
kle. Willey, and Williams—17.
AI1SEN1?— Mcstk, Bnckalew, Chandler, Clark,
Cowan, CroswoU, Davis, Dixon, i>oolittle, Johnson,
-ba.no of Indiana, Lane o{ Kansas, McDougall,
Norton, Pouioroy, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, and
Wright—18.
So the motion was not agreed to.
PACmO RAILROAD.
Mr. HOWARD. I now move to take up
Senate bill No. 317.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 317) to amend
an act entitled "An act to amend an act enti-
tled 'An act to aid in the construction of a
railroad and telegraph lino from the Missouri
river to the Pacific ocean, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for postal,
military, and other purposes,: approved July 1,
1862," approved July 2, 180!-.
Mr. POMEROY. I believe the pending
question is on the amendment that I submit-
ted. I have conversed with very many of the
members of the Pacific Railroad Committee,
and as they desire to report upon this proposi-
tion separately, not connected with this bill, I
do not desire to press it against the wishes of
the friends of this measure and of our rail-
roads. I will therefore withdraw the amend-
ment. The Senator from California, in his
remarks just now, did not precisely state the
case. What he said in referen to the settlers
on the line of the Republican is entirely true;
but he failed to say that the company that I
have named in the amendment having the right
to connect on the Republican it was the vested
rights of that company that I had reference to
as well as of the settlers, which were argued at
considerable length in the report of the Secre-
tary of the Interior and approved by the At-
torney General, so that no act of Congress can
divest them of them; but if Congress desires
by subsequent legislation to amend the law, I
have no objection to considering it in a subse-
quent measure.
Mr. CONNESS. I think that would be the
best way.
Mr. POMEROY. For that reason, if that
meets the concurrence and views of the friends
of this measure and of the Pacific Railroad
Committee, as I understand it does, I with-
draw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment before the Senate is withdrawn.
Mr. GRIMES. Am I correct in understand-
ing the Senator from Kansas to say that the
members of the Pacific Railroad Committee
have informed him they will report back his
proposition in an independent bill?
Air. POMEIIOY. No, sir. Isaid theypre-
ferred to consider it as an independent meas-
ure. I did not say what they would report,
for I do not know ; they have not made their
report yet. They may make it, and when they
make it we shall be able to tell what it is.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I move to strike out the
first section of the bill. I wish to correct the
remarks of the Senator from Kansas. Do I
understand him to say that if the bill as re-
ported shall pass his understanding is that the
road of which he spoke, running west from
llannibal, will have the right, under the exist-
ing law, to connect with the main trunk at the
one hundredth meridian?
Mr. POMEROY. No, sir; not under the
existing law. They have the right to connect
on the Republican where this company filed
their map, not at the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Do I understand the
Senator to say that they will have the right to
connect at some place with the main stem of
the road ?
j\Ir. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Where?
Mr. POMEROY. At a point on the Repub-
lican river about one hundred miles west from
the Missouri river. They have located their
line to thatpoint and tiled their map andissued
their bonds.
Mr. HENDERSON. Who has done that?
Mr. POMEROY. The assignees of the Han-
nibal and St. Jo. road.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. It seems to me we are
acting somewhat blindly in this matter and un-
doing what has been very carefully done here-
tofore. The idea of the Pacific railroad, as I
understand it. was to make one trunk line from
the one hundredth meridian west, and three
branches uniting at or about that point with
the main trunk. Each of these three branches
was to have a subsidy of money and a land grant.
Of course each was to get as rapidly as possible
to the point of junction, and then the combined
interests of all were to push the main road west-
ward as rapidly as possible. The effort seems
now to be to divide these interests, and instead
of uniting them at the one hundredth meridian
and having them, with their united strength,
push the main trunk westwardly from thatpoint,
it seems to be to divide them up and weaken
their united strength and that their interests
shall separate until wo get two or three hun-
dred miles further west. This does not ap-
pear to me to be a policy that will result in the
speedy completion of the road, which the whole
country desires. Unless there should be some
very good reason given for it, I think we had
better strike out the first section of the bill,
letting the second section stand as it is; letting
the people on the Pacific side come to us east-
wardly as rapidly as they can-, and keeping us
united and pushing westwardly as rapidly as we
can. I think that in that way we shall get the
road built more speedily than we possibly can
in any other way, and get the desire of the
whole country accomplished. I am decidedly
in favor of the second section of the bill, which
will authorize the Pacific Railroad Company to
approach us from the West as rapidly as they
can, to remove all obstructions from them; and
then, I think, if we keep all the strength of
these three branches in the eastern portion of
the country united, we shall push from the East
to the West more rapidly than if they are dis-
united.
The PRESIDENT^?-*} tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Iowa
to strike out the first section of the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the Senator from Michigan who has this meas-
ure in charge whether this is a proposition to
run two Pacific railroads as far as Denver Cityr
and then what information the committee has
that a suitable connection can be made after
you pass that point; or whether it is the inten-
tion to continue this road in a southwestern1
direction, and thus have two roads to the
Pacific coast. What is the purpose and the
information before the committee on the sub-
ject of a connection of the roads after youi
have passed Denver City ?
Mr. HOWARD. If the Senator will have
the goodness to repeat his inquiry, and to raise
his voice, I shall apprehend it more distinctly.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will do so. I desire
to vote for any proposition that will seeure at
more favorable route for this great work ; but
the committee, I believe, has not accompanied
this hill with a report of the facts. A meas-
ure of such grave importance, it seems to m#,
should have been accompanied by a report of
the facts calling for this important change. I
understand the law as it now stands to estab-
lish the road, making Fort Riley a point, and
then the intersection of the one hundredth
meridian with the northern line as another
point. It is proposed to abandon that point
on the one hundredth meridian, and to extend
the southern branch in a western direction
from Fort Riley to Denver. Now, I want to
know of the Senator whether the Kansas-
branch or road is to connect with the Omaha
road at any point west of Denver City, and
what information the committee has on the
practicability of snch a junction ; or whether
it is the purpose to extend this Kansas branch
westward, and to make it an independent
Pacific railroad.
Mr. HOWARD. In answer to the Senator's
inquiry, I beg to say that so far as I am in-
formed by the company known as the eastern
division, which is the Kansas branch, properly
speaking, it is their intention to form a junc-
tion with the main stem. It is their purpose
to do so. I am not aware that they ever con-
templated any departure from that principle,
and do not think they ever have entertained
such an intention. By the act of 1862 all
these eastern branches of the main stem were
required to unite with the main stem on the
one hundredth degree of longitude. Such was
the effect of the act of 1862 incorporating the
Union Pacific Railroad Company. But by the
act of 1864, amending the original charter of
the company, it is provided that any of these
branches may unite with the main stem at a
point west of the one hundredth meridian, if
they shall see fit to do so. In this connection
I will call the Senator's attention to the ninth
section of the act of 1864. He will find it in
the second proviso contained in that section:
"A ml provided further, That any company author-
ized by this act to construct its road and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the initial point afore-
said"—
That is the one hundredth degree of longi-
tude—
"may construct its road and telegraph Tin© so as to
connect with tho Union Pacific railroad"—
That is the main stem—
"at any point westwardly of such initial point, in
