1336
HI CONGRESSIONAL GLOKE
MarcB'12:.
Start from the stomp in Canada and the States
alike, and upon that we will standi- - We ask
for no protection except for the difference of
value of timber, caused greatly by the heavy
taxation growing out of the matchless struggle
for national life through which we have victo-
riously passed. Against Canadian cheap labor,
cheap water-mills, we will compete with our
unequaled steam-milk and ingenuity.
Now, I -wish, to say to the gentleman from
Wisconsin, [Mr-. Sloan,] that in the face of the
advance of the markets the past year, growing
out of the fact of the increased expenses of
labor, materials, and taxation, the price of
lumber has steadily gone forward, notwithstand-
ing the influx of Canada lumber; proving what
was stated by the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, that Canadian lumber has
no control in regulating prices in the States.
In regard to the value of lumber, the hon-
orable gentleman is mistaken. I read from the
Chicago Tribune of March 1, instant, that the
value of fencing now in Chicago is eighteen
dollars per thousand. When the treaty went
into operation it was but twelve dollars per
thousand; it is now fifty per cent, higher. How
stands the farmer and his prices compared with
this? The price then of wheat was seventy-
five ccnts, and on the 1st of March instant it was
$1 25. Corn then was so low that much of it
remained unsold, and was used for fuel, be-
cause it would not pay transportation to market,
and to-day it is worth forty-three cents a bushel.
Beef, which was then worth eight dollars a bar-
rel, is now worth eighteen dollars. Pork, which
was then worth twelve dollars, is now worth
twenty-six dollars per barrel. This shows that
the farmer, instead of growing poorer, has be-
come richer; and it is because and on account
of that prosperity that there has been a greater
demand for lumber, And I state here, that
instead of supply, demand regulates the price
of lumber in the market. I take exception to
the remark of the chairman of the committee,
when he states that the quantity of lumber can-
not be increased. 1 meet the statement by the
fact that last year the amount of lumber sold
in the market of Chicago was over a million
more than the amount sold in any preceding
year.
Let nao stato to the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin [Mr. Swan] that most of the fencing, which
he seeuiB to bo more anxious for, is furnished
by the States, and but very little comes from
Canada. Tho Canadians are too shrewd to
send fencing to market. Does he know that
fencing has to be cut into one and one eighth
inch in thickness, and sold for inch, at a loss
of that one eighth in material and tho same loss
in transportation? Canadian manufacturers
understand and act upon this. When they cut
six-inch wide strips they cut them into one and
one quarter inch thick, so as to be used for
flooring, and gain tho measurement, and freight
of tho quartor inch. They understand the
advantages of sawing so well that most of
their lumber is cut into boards the full width
of the logs, known as Canada boards, and very
easily invoiced as common lumber, because
boards are generally known as such, and then
sold iu the market according to quality. In
this way is tho farmer's want of fencing cheated
by Canada not only, but your revenue is de-
frauded by sharp practice of its just rights,
under a graded duty, of five millions of money,
and to-day it is proposed to follow this same
plan of legislating away the just revenue of the
Government-
It. is shown by facts that the quantity of lum-
ber brought from Canada does not affect mate-
rially the price of lumber in the market of tho
States; hence the question resolves itself sim-
ply into one of loss or gain to the resources
of the country. We absolutely need every
resource of revenue. Aro we under any obli-
gations to pursue so generous a policy as is
prqposed by the committee toward Canada?
What has she done to merit this liberal treat-
ment? What has beet), the experience of the
past- years of our sanguinary war? Did she
lend the aid of her synjpathy.and good-will,
.most cheaply given, and would have been grate-
fully received? No, sir, she preferred to offer
her soil as an asylum for plotters, conspirators;
•and traitors against tho life of this Govern-
ment. The treatment we had given Canada
.deserved her encouragement _ in the hour of
our peril. Her press and voice should have
been raised to conciliate England, to remind
her that in the veins of this great people, bat-
tling for life and liberty, there ran the blood
of her own sons, and that her hands should be
stayed against a contest so righteous as putting
down a rebellion founded upon human slavery.
We fought alone, under the sneers and jeers of
both' England and Canada, and crowned our
victory with universal liberty, and vindicated
the rights of humanity.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
last three words of the amendment for the pur-
pose of saying a few words.
It has been clearly shown' that lumber in
this country is one of the prime articles of ne-
cessity, not only for building the houses of
niiiety-nine hundredths of all the people of this
country, but for fencing a large part of the west-
ern country. If any article should be favored
because it belongs to the necessities of life, lum-
ber certainly ought thus to be favored. Now,
it has been favored in the internal revenue act,
as will be seen by the fifty-fourth page, and the
ninety-sixth scction, by being entirely exempted
from internal revenue. If there has been any
construction made by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue which puts lumber under a rev-
enue tax, it is a false construction, and one
that I have no doubt this House will remedy.
Mr. SCO FIELD. Allow me a word.
Mr. GARFIELD. I have but a moment.
I say it is a false construction.
Mr. SCOFIELD. But still they give it that
construction.
Mr. GARFIELD; That is what the gentle-
man has himself already said.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I will not interrupt thegen-
tleman, but will seek an opportunity to reply
to him. <
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, I ask the attention
of the House for a moment to the tax proposed
by this bill on forSgn lumber. It is, when
computed ad valorem on Canada lumber, from
seventy-five to one hundred per cent, on* tho
value of the timber; and if there is any gentle-
man here who thinks that, a small tax I disagree
with him.
Now, what is the value of this lumber inter
est,? The report of the Census Commissioner
on manufactures shows that in tho year 1800
tho capital invested in the lumber business of
this country was §70,000,000; the annual cost
of raw material was $51,000,000; the annual
cost of labor was $30,000,000; and the annual
cost of theproductof lumber was $104,900,000.
Now, I call that a very fair money-making
business, and if you find any business better
than that in this country, you will have to go
to the fisheries to find it^or to some place not
known to me. Gentlemen say, add it up. The
true way to add it would bo to take the interest
on $70,000,000, the fixed capital, add to that
the annual cost of the raw material, $51,000,000,
and the annual cost of labor, $30,000,000; and
tho profit oil all that will bo found by compar-
ing that amount with $104,900,000. I have no
hesitation in saying that the profit of the business
as recorded in 1800, was more than a hundred
per cent, on the actual value of the money ex-
pended during the year.
Well, now, sir, if the lumber business has
thrived since 1854 on free trade between this
country and Canada, I ask if it will suffer very
badly when we put a i>rotective duty of one,
two, and three dollars per thousand feet on
lumber valued respectively at six, ten, and
more than ten dollars per thousand feet; for
that is the present proposition of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means. I repeat, that if the
lumber business has been so profitable during
a period of free trade between us and Canada,
it cannot suffer very badly now we give it this
much protection.
I-hope, therefore, that the proposition of the
gentleman from Ma'ine [Mr. Blatne] will not
be adopted: I hope we will not impose adi
dition'al taxes upon the consumers of this couff
try everywhere; the formers and manufacturers
alike, by increasing the protection of men who
are making- very -good profits at the business
they are engaged -in.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to say a word in
regard to a point which I think has_ not been
sufficiently impressed upon>the attention of th^
committee.
I do not think the lumber interest would
object to the scale of duties reported by the
Committee of Ways and Means atall-if they
had the slightest faith or the slightest assur-
ance that these duties could be enforced. The
Committee of Ways and Means propose to put
a duty of three dollars per thousand on lum-
ber over twelve dollars per thousand feet. I
would like to ask the honorable chairman of
that committee how much lumber is imported
at that price.
If you can have an honest and fair valuation
of the lumber imported, the duties Si this bill
are satisfactory ; but it is just because they pro-
pose this vicious, cheating inducement to fraud,
the system of ad valorem, that I object to it,
and object on the part of the lumber interest.
Under this bill you will not have any lumber
come in valued at a higher rate than your min-
imum. Tho moment you put-this ad valorem
system into your custom-houses you invite these
men to fraud, and invite them very much more
to fraud than if you imposed .the old duty of
twenty per cent., because you not only ingraft
the ad valorem principle on your system, but
you tell these, cunning provincials just where
to strike to evade the duties.
If you put the minimum at seven dollars per
thousand the invoice price will be placed at
$6 75 per thousand ; if you put it at eight dol-
lars the invoice price will be $7 75 ; if at nine
dollars, then the invoice price will be $8 75;
and at whatever price you fix the minimum, the
invoice will be sure to be placed just below it.
And therefore I denounce this proposition of
the committee (although I do not think they
so intended it) as a fraud upon the revenue as
well as a fraud upon the lumber interest. It
will result in a fraud upon the Government
and in defrauding one of the interests proposed
to be protected by the Government.
Now, a word in reply to the gentleman from
Michigan, [Mr. Furry,] who has been advo-
cating the admission of lumber, in order to ena-
ble the people of the South to rebuild the houses
that, have been destroyed by the war. I would
ask the gentleman if he expects many houses
to be built in the eleven southern States of lum-
ber from Canada. Almost all of those States
have lumber of their own, as good lumber as
can be obtained anywhere; and if their Repre-
sentatives were here to-day, I have no doubt
they would say to us, give us a specific duty
on lumber, and thus enable us to develop that
interest among us.
I desire also to say a word in reply to the
honorable gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gar-
tieiid.] His figures represent the case differ-
ently to my mind from what they seem to his
mind. Instead of the vast amount of profit
which he represents, if he will deduct from tho
returns the amount of depreciation of the in-
vestment, there will be no such margin of profit
left as is the case with other interests. The
very figures the gentleman gives are unreliable;
I do not attach much importance to them.
Mr. GARFIELD. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. I desire to say a word or
two in reply to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.'
Garfield,] which I had not an opportunity of
saying in the five minutes allowed to him. He
says some fifty million dollars of capital is
invested in the raw material. Very well; you
tax that five per cent., and no man who knows
