Isie
€LOBE.
July '2t,
remarks in a moment, and then I shall Be very
happy to oblige the gentleman.
Mr. CLARK. Very well.
Mr. HOWARD. It was that authority, and
that alone, under which he accepted this judi-
cial commission and under which he acted as
_a judicial officer; and the oath required by the
act of 1862 declares that hp shall not be a
civil officer of the United States or a Senator
or a Kepresentative in Congress unless it fee
true, and he shall swear to that truth, that he
had not exercised the functions of any office
whatever under any authority in hostility to the
United States. With such a state of facts be-
fore me, facts completely undisputed and indis-
putable, how can I vote upon this resolution
that this gentleman is duly qualified, according
to the oath of 1862 and the Constitution of the
United States, to take his seat as a member
pf this body? However groat may be my re-
gard for this gentleman—and I certainly admire
his course and his conduct as a Union man, so
far as I am acquainted with it—I cannot, I will
not, vote a lie upon my oath in this Senate.
Now, sir, as to the applicant himself, I cer-
tainly entertain in regard to him none but the
most kindly feelings., I wish the facts were
otherwise than they are. I should be very happy
indeed to give my vote for his admission hero;
but 1 never can do that until the statute which
I have read from and which I regard as obliga-
tory upon my eonseionce here, shall be so mod-
ified as to enable me to vote truthfully upon this
proposition. We, made the law. Let us not
be the first to break it. Letus atleastat every
hazard to ourselves personally, and at whatever
inconvenience to this excellent gentleman who
is now before us, set an example to the coun-
try for whom and over whom we are legislat-
ing, that we will be the first to obey the in-
junctions of the law.
Mr. CLARK. I move to amend the resolu-
tion of the committee by striking oat all after
the word "resolved" and inserting—
That lion. David X. Patterson, upon taking tlio
oaths required by the Constitution Mil laws, bo ad-
mitted to a seat in tho Senate of tho United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Antiioxy
in the chair.) The question is on the resolution
as amended.
Mr. SUMNER. I call for the yeas and navs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There is one wayj I
think, in which we probably might vote unani-
mously upon this matter, and probably settle
it in an hour; and that would bo this : we have
passed a constitutional amendment and sub-
mitted it to the people, in which is reserved to
Congress the right, by a two-thirds vote, to
dispense with the requirements made in that
constitutional amendment. Now, I should bo
willing, acting in the spirit of that  
Mr. JOHNSON and oth ers. That is not
adopted. *
Mr. TRUMBULL. Wo adopted it so far as
Con gross is concerned. 1 know it is .not bind-
ing, and I did not mean to state it in that view;
but 1 say, acting in the spiiit of that, 1 wo^l
bo willing—and I should think it would be much
more agreeable to Mr. Patterson, though I do
not know; 1 cannot speak for him—to adopt
a joint resolution (I think we might adopt it
unanimously, 1 trust we could,) declaring that
these words, I have neither sought, nor ac-
cepted. _ nor attempted, to exercise the func-
tions of any office whatever under any author-
ity or pretended authority hostile to the United
States," be suspended in the case of Mr. Pat-
terson, elected a Senator from the State of
Tennessee to the Senate of the United States,
so that he might take the rest of the oath and
be sworn in. That would preserve the law,
and would do violence to no one. I presume
the Senate would pass it unanimously. I do
not know how others feel.
Mr. JOHNSON. The only objection to that
is that, you cannotget it through.' There is not
the slightest chance of it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think wo can.
Mr. JOHNSON. A single objection in the
other House would prevent its being consid-
ered.
Mr. POMEROY. Say that those words shall
be omitted in taking the oath.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was preparing a reso-
lution that these words be omitted from the
oath required in the case of Hon. David T.
Patterson,
Mr. JOHNSON. Then it goes to the Pres-
ident.
Mr. NYE. I do not suppose he would
veto it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If both Houses pass it,
I do not suppose there would be any hesitation
in the President signing it. I make the sug-
gestion whether that would iiot leave this case
where we all desire. I desire as earnestly as the
Senator from Maryland to see the gentleman
from Tennessee, under the state of the case
that was presented to the Committee on the
Judicially, admitted to his seat, but I cannot
do it in violation of the law.
Mr. HENDERSON. I rise merely, not to
take up the time of the Senate, but to concur
in the suggestion made by the Senator from
Illinois. I think it is the proper plan ; and let
us pass a resolution, now while the subject is
up, and send it to the House of Representa-
tives. Let us see if they will pass it anyhow;
and if they do not then we can consider this
matter again. We shall have lost nothing any-
how by taking an hour to consider it. I think
we had better do that in order to relieve the
Senator himself when he comes to take the
oath. That is my opinion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have not the joint res-
olution quite prepared. If my suggestion meets
the genera! view of the Senate the matter can
be laid aside for a moment, and I will have the
resolution prepared in live minutes.
TIIK 3IHWITC SYSTEM.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senate, by
unanimous consent, to take up three different
bills which have come from the House of Rep-
resentatives, which it is important should be
acted upon, and with regard to which I think
there will be no discussion. I move, first, to
take up House bill No. 500.
Mr. N\E. Wo have got a subject now un-
der consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Massachusetts asks the unanimous
consent of the Senate to lay aside the matter
under discussion informally, and proceed to
the consideration of the bill indicated by him.
Mr. CLARK, What is the object?
Mr. SUMNER. The metric system. These
bills have been reported from the select com-
mittee on that subject. ^
Mr. C LARK. Let us proceed with the mat-
ter before us.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It requires
unanimous consent to entertain the motion,
another subject being before the Senate. Is
there any objection?
Mr. WADE. I believe we can now take a
vote on the bill which was pending when this
privileged question came up.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Being ob-
jected to, the bill of the Senator from Massa-
chusetts cannot be considered.
Mr. CONNESS. It will not take a moment.
Mr. WADE. Well; go ahead with it.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire, first, to take up
House bill No. 506, then House joint resolu-
tion No. 140, and then House bill No. 597.
These are three measures, all belonging to the
same system, and have been carefully consid-
ered by the special committee of the Senate
on the metric system of weights and measures.
Mr. WADE. If they give rise to debate I
shall object.
Mr. SUMNER. There will be no debate.
Mr. CLARK. What has become of the res-
olution with regard to Mr. Patterson?
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that the Sen-
ator from Illinois is preparing the joint resolu-
tion and will offer it in a moment.
Mr. CLARK. I have no objection to its
being laid' aside informally for, the purpose
indicated bv the Senator from Massachusetts'.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There being
no objection, it will be laid aside informally.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in
Committee of. the. Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill (H. B. No. 690) to authorize the
use of the metric system of weights and meas-
ures. . It provides that from and after its pas-
sage "if shall be, lawful throughout the United
States .of America to employ the weights and
measures of the metric, system; and no con-
tract or dealing or pleading in any court is to
be deemed inyalid or liable to objection because
the weights or measures expressed or referred
to therein are weights or measures of the metric
system. The tables in the annexed schedule are
to be recognized in the const uction of contracts,
and in all legal proceedings,, as establishing, iii
terms of the weights and measures now iu use
in the United States, the equivalents of the
weights and measures expressed'therein in terms
of the metric system; and the tables may be
lawfully used for computing, determining, and
expressing in customary weights and measures
the weights and measures of the metric system.
Measures Of length.
Metric denominations and Equivalents in denomi-
vahtes. nations in use,
Myriameter, 10,000 meters. 6.2137 miles.
Kilometer, 1,000 meters.
Hectometer, 100 meters.
Decameter, 10 meters.
Motor, 1 meter.
Decimeter, 1-10 of a meter.
Centimeter, 1-100 of a meter.
0.62137 miles, or 3,280
feet and 10 inches.
328 feet and 1 inch.
393.7 inchcs.
39.37 inches.
3.937 inches.
0.3937 Inches.
Millimeter, 1-1000 of a meter. 0.0394 inches.
MEASUKES OF SURFACE.
Metric denominations and Equivalents in denomi-
values. nations in use.
Hectare, 10,000 square meters. 2.-171 acres.
Are 100 square meters. 119.6 square yards.
Ccntare 1 square meter. 1,550 square inches.
£
s
z4
fch
B
&
O
£
£ g
8 i=u
pJ ®
® 4
B'
Cu
a>
S3
d
Oi
