1868;
CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4m
BP & & &&£■§
tZ H. 2. S o   o >? S* '£!
if i r f s i € E -g"
f r r I f p s i! I
h :: o
: • | ,| i : g : i CS
f : - : ' * • • ^ : • o
: : : : : &
3
P
' . >-*0,0000
>-  o o o ® o o
o I-1 I-1 o
ft p, ^ p
ty 6
O 0
o o*
B B
O O 1—' m
0 W M {O O jt'
CO 0> M O ^ Ol
01   O ^ ©
^ oo to
3 S C3 S
© © •=> « « *d
fl E3 © O © O
ss e ss
ts a 3 s
d a &
tel
11
1?
©£
^ £
p
c* o
B ^
S9 ^
*3-
§£
*
&.
a
o.
<)
a
B P
Cg-
o 3
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, at another
time I might bo induced to go into this question
at some length ; but now, in these latter days
of a weary session, and under these heats, I
feel that I must be brief. And yet I could not
pardon myself if I did not undertake, even at
this time, to present a plain and simple account
of the great change which is now proposed.
There is something captivating in the idea
of one system of weights and measures, which
shall be common to all the civilized world; so
that, at least in this particular, the confusion
of Babel may be overcome. Kindred to this
is the idea of one system of money. And both
of these ideas are, perhaps, the forerunners of
that grander idea of one language for all the
civilized world. Philosophy does no't despair
of the fulfillment of this aspiration ait some
distant day; but a common system of weights
and measures and a common system of money
are already within the sphere of actual legisla-
tion. The work has already begun, and it can-
not cease until this great object is accomplished.
If the United States seem to come tardily
into the circle of nations, recognizing a com-
mon system of weights and measures, I con-
fess that I have pleasure in calling attention to
the historic fact that, at a very early day, this
important subject was commended to Congress.
Washington in his message to the First Con-
gress touched the key-note when he used the
word ''uniformity" in connection with this
subject. "Uniformity," he said, "in the cur-
rency, weights, and measures of the United
States is an object of great importance, and
will, I am persuaded, be attended to." Then
again in his message to the next Congress he
went further in 6xpressing a desire for a " stand-
ard at once invariable and universal.'" In
these words he foreshadowed a system that
should be common to the civilized world. It
is for us now to recognize the standard which
he thus sententiously described. All hail to a
standard "invariable and universal."
I shall not occupy your time in developing
the history of these efforts on the part of our
Government. But I cannot forbear mention-
ing that Mr. Jefferson, while Secretary of State,
made an elaborate report, in which he proposed
to reduce "every branch to the same decimal
ratio already established in coins, and thus
bring the calculation of the principal affairs of
life within the arithmetic of every man who
can multiply and divide plain numbers.'' Hero
is an essential element in that conimon sy&teni
which we seek to establish. This was in 1790,
while France was just beginning those efforts
which ended at last in the establishment of the
metric system. The subject was revived at
different times in Congress without definite re.-
suit. President Madison, in his annual tries-
age of 1816, called attention to it in t-he follow-
ing words:
" The great utility of a standard fixed in its nature
and founded on the easy rule of decimal proportions is
sufficiently obvious. It led the Government at an
early stage to preparatory steps for introducing it;
and a completion of the work Will be a just title to
the public gratitude."
Out of this recommendation originated that
call of the Senate which drew forth the mas-
terly report of John Quincy Adams on the
whole subject of weights and measures, where
learning, philosophy, and prophetic aspiration
vie with each other. After reviewing all that
had appeared in the past, and subjecting it all
to a careful examination, 'he says of the metric
system of France, which was then only an ex-
periment :
"This system approaches to the'ideal perfection of
uniformity applied to weights and measures, artd
"whether destined to succeed or doomed to fail will
shed unfading glory upon the age in_ which it was
conceived and upon the nation by which .its execu-
tion was attempted and has been in part achieved."
This was in 1821, when the metric system,
already invented, was still struggling for adop-
tion in France.
This brief sketch will show how from the be-
ginning our Government has been looking to a
system which shall be common to the civilized
world. And now this aspiration seems about
to be fulfilled. Thebillsbeforeyou, which have
already passed the other House, if they become
a law, will bo the practical commencement of
the "new order."
Before proceeding to explain the proposed
system, consider for one moment the necessity
of a change, as illustrated by an historic glimpse
at weights and measures.
Language is, of course, coeval with man as a
social being. Weights and measures are hardly
less early in their origin. They are essential
to the operations of society, and are naturally
common to all who belong to the same social
circle. At the beginning each people had a
system of its own; but as nations gradually
intermingle and distant places are brought to-
gether by the attractions of commerce, the sys-
tem of one nation becomes inadequate to the
necessities of the composite body. A common
system becomes important, just in proportion
to the community of interests among different
nations. Next to the diversity of languages,
the discordant systems of weights and meas-
ures attest the insulation of nations.
The earliest measures were naturally de-
rived from tho several parts of the human body.
Such was the cubit, which was the distance
between the elbow and the end of the middle
finger, being about twenty-two inches. Such
also, were the foot, the hand, the span, tho
nail, and the thumb. These measures were de-
rived from nature, and they were to be found
wherever a human being existed. But they
partook of tho uncertainty in the proportions
of thehumanform. When Selden, in his Table-
Talk, wittily likened equity, so far as it de-
pended on the conscience of the chancellor, to
a measure which was determined by the length
of the chancellor's foot, he exposed not only
the uncertainty of equity, but also the uncer-
tainty of such a measure.
Even in Greece, where art prevailed in the
most beautiful forms, the famous stadium was
none the less uncertain. It was the distance
that Hercules could run without taking breath,
which, divided by 600, gave the Grecian foot.
Our own standards, derived from England,
are of an equally fanciful character. The unit
of length is the barleycorn, taken from the mid-
dle of the ear and well dried. Three of these
in a straight line make an inch. The unit of
weight is a grain of wheat taken, like the bar-
leycorn, from the middle of tho ear and well
dried. Of these, thirty-two are equal to a
pennyweight. Twenty pennyweights make an
<5iince, tod twelve- ounces mate a pound. The
unit Of dapadty is derived froift the wfeight of
grains of wheat. Eight pounds of these make
one gallon of wine measure.
Nor is the extreme vagueness and instability
'Of these standards the only matter of surprise.
There is no principle of science or convenience
in the progression of the different series. Thus
.we have two pints to a quart, three scruples td
a dram, four quarts to a gallon, five quarters to
an ell, five aind ahalfy-avdstoaperch, six feet
to a Fathom, eight furlongs to a m.ile, twelve
inches to ft fdot, siiteOh ounces to a pound',
twenty units to a score.
Then, as if the only Ruling principle which
governed the selection Was variety, we havfe
different measures "bearing the" same name;
such as the wine pint a*id the dry pint, the
ounce Troy and the ounce avoirdupois. Take
these two last measures as illustrating the pre-
vailing confusion. They both seem to come
from France. The Troy weightis supposed t6
derive its name from the French town of Troyes,
where a celebrated fair was once held. The
term avoirdupois is French, and seems to have
been part of a statute Which declared how
weights should be determined. But Troy and
avoirdupois are different measures.
These measures, having constant differences,
had accidental differenceaalso, in different parts
of England, and also in different parts of our
own country. Even where the names are alike
the measures are often unlike. In England
the diversity was almost infinite, so that these
same measures differed in different counties,
and sometimes in different towns of the same
county. Latterly in the United States the stand-
ard has been regulated by law, but tho confu-
sion from the measures still continues. The
question naturally arises why such confusion
has been allowed to continue so long without
correction. The answer is easy. The triumphs
of science are slow and gradual. Traditional
prejudices must be overcome. Each nation is
attached to its own imperfect system, as to its
own language. Even though inferior to another
system, it has the great advantage of being
already known to the people that use it. To
this constant impediment it is only proper to
add the intrinsic difficulty of establishing a
uniform system of weights and measures which
shall satisfy the demands of civilization in sci-
entific precision, in immediate practical appli-
cability, and in nomenclature.
Take, for instance, the application of the
decimal system, which seems at first sight sim-
ple and complete. It is unquestionably an
immense improvement on the old confasion;
but even here we encounter a difficulty in the
circumstance, long since recognized by mathe-
maticians, that our scale of decimal arithmetic
is more the child of chance 'than of philoso-
phy. It has been arbitrarily adopted simply
because man has everywhere reckoned by his
ton fingers. On this account it has been often
called "natural." But on considering whether
the number ten possesses any intrinsic excel-
lence, convenience, or fitness as a ratio of pro-
gression, we shall be obliged to answer in the
negative. It is the duplication of an odd num-
ber which can furnish, neither a square or a
cube, and which cannot be halved without de-
parting from the decimal scale. In this scale
we seem to see always those early days when
"wild in woods the noble savage ran," and
for his arithmetic used his fingers or his toes.
An oetaval system, founded on the number
eight, would have been better adapted to
the divisions of material things. Among us
the decimal system is adopted for money ; but
you all know that we are not able to carry it
into rigid practice. Thus convenience, if nOt
necessity, requires the half dollar, tho quarter
dollar, the half dime, and the three-centpiece.
In fact, eight divisions to the dollar, as pre-
vailed in Spain, are available in the business
of life, more than the decimal division. Lhe
number eight is capable of an indefinite bisec-
tion. The progression beginning with 2 would
proceed to 4, 8, 16, 32, 04, and so on.
The decimal scale is made easy of use by
