1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1SS7
anything about the practice under flip revenue j
law can deny it. The gentleman looks in the j
bill and says there is nothing on lumber. Sir. i
this is in the income tax; there is a five per :
cent, tax on every man's income; and the ,
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, or the Sec- [
retary of the Treasury, has decided that the j
amount invested in lumber shall not be de- J
ducted from the income. If you sell your lam- ]'
ber for $20,000, and the raw material costs 70U |
510,000, you are bound to pay a tax of five 1
per cent, upon, say Si 0,000, and SI0,000 may
be deducted for labor. I have had the decis-
ion put in writing and published in my district.
I have called at the bureau and exposed il. I
know from expei ience that that is just what is
paid, fur we have a great deal of lumber in my
district: we have to get a license for the raw
material; then we must get a license to float
it down the river; and then the man who puts
it in the. market must get another license.
l!ut the gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr.
Sloax] says that lumber is an article of first
necessity, and so says the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Baxks.] I would like to ask
thosc gentlemen if clothes are not articles of
the first necessity? "Will not the poor freedmeu
want something with which to cover their per-
sons? Is the gentleman from Massachusetts
willing to remove the tariff on cloth, manufac-
tured in Canada or elsewhere, so as to allow
the poor frcedman t' ■*•■1 his clothing without
paying a tax? And will the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Grixxell.] who has taken so much
interest in the growing of wool, consent to have
the tax on wool removed, so the poorfreedman
may get his clothing a little cheaper? All the
things that are now protected by high tariffs, of
New England and New York manufacture, are
articles of the first necessity. We must have
clothes before we can prepare our houses to
live in. And yet there is a tax 011 all those things.
But we do not complain of that. I am per-
fectly uilling that there shall be no lax on lum-
bei. that Canadian lumber shall come in entirely
free. if you will only give 11s fail competition.
But a tax of five per cent, upon the laud upon
which the lumber Lirows. and then heavy licenses
for its manufacture, is not giving us a fair chance
in tin- market.
1 hope the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Baxks] will be hereby and by. when the
Committee of Ways and Mean-; brings in its
twenty per cent tax on petrohuim. I shall pro-
pose In reduce Ihp tax upon the poor man's
light: upon the light, which the poor tVeedman
wan! s I o use in his shanty at night as he studies
hi 4 spelling-book; and 1 hope the gentleman
will give me his assistance in that reject.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Scofield] ha* very skillfully
evaded the point I made. His remarks seem
to imply that the committee favored the total
removal of the tariff'on lumber. He says that
the lumbermen pay a license and a tax on their
capita!. Very true: but so does every other
msnutaeturo pay a license.
BuMhe gentleman does not answer thi- fact,
ih,'it the law makes an exception in favor of
lumbermen, and their product is not taxed as
the product of other manufacturers is 
Mr. SCOI'TEljl). Lumbermen pay an in-
come tax on the capital invested in lumber
liacts. whi'-h 110 other manufacturers are re-
ipiii ed to do.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken : farmers pay an income tax.
Mr. SCOFfliLl). Not. on the capital in-
v, ;in the land, but only on the product of it.
Mr. GARFIELD. [ wish to say that the
income tax readies everywhere. When ihe
ccntleman savslumbermen aretaxedan income
tax it is onlyVaying they are a part, of the peo-
ple of this eonniryrall of whom pay an income
ir-x. 1 wish to say that when the general tax
Inw mi manufactures was passed at thelustses-
sion. lumbermen were excepted solar as their
luoeuot was concerned; ami tjierei'ore iumbei-
men have been favored by the Government.
We do no say we will take off the tarilf from
luixi be a ml sit ve i i 110 proleciioa. lor e not only
take off the internal tax on lumber, but we will
protect it to the extent of three dollars a thou-
sand. Wc object to the amendment moved by
the gentleman from Maine to make it higher.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE!. I wish to say one word.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. PIKE. I renew it.
Mr. Chairman, in the production of lum-
ber more than one half is labor. The gentle-
man knows as well as 1 do, when you come to
the details of anything, the census has no credit
at all. 1 l'now something about this business.
The man who drives the log repicsents labor,
while the log itself represents capital. The
labor and capital go together to the mill. It
is difficult to separate one from the other. But,
sir, when we do separate them if is found that
considerable more than one half is labor.
The gentleman from Ohio says the product
of lumber is not taxed. IIow fallacious, when
everything the laborer consumes and every-
thing his family consume and ever}thing they
raise is taxed. Now, you can procure labor
in the Provinces for one half what you can
procure it here. It is because of the taxes im-
posed upon labor here. That is one reason
why our labor should be protected. Another
reason is this : in the Provinces there are large
tracts of laud owned hv the Government, which
are lot out by the square mile. In the lower
Provinces you can gel six hundred and forty
acres for one year for a pound note, and the
occupant can go upon the land and cut, as much
timber as he pleases. Here lands are owned
by individuals. So far as that competition goes
our laborers are at a disadvantage.
The average of duties is over forty percent.,
thai is in tile list of duties upon imported aiti-
cles. It runs over fort) pei cent. When the
lumber inLciest conies here to be proteeti d we
ask only live eighths of the protection which is
gianted to other interests.
Mr. BANKS. * Mr. Chairman, unreasonable
duty makes an unreasonable price, and I beg
the gentleman from Maine not. to press for an
unreasonable duty 1111011 lumber. Lumber is
an article of prime necessity. People must,
have shelter first of all. Therefore that fact
should be consideredin apportioning the duty.
A Mpt.iihi!. Is not clothing the first neces-
sity ?
'Mr. HANKS. Before evetything else shel-
ter is ihe first tiling asked for. In all consider-
ations of political economy shelter is the fu>t
necessity of man.
Lumber is at such a high price that very few
are. inclined to build. Tito difficulty is princi-
pally in the high price of lumber, and I do not
know how that can be remedied by increasing
the duty.
Mr. BLAINE. Tt is no higher than is im-
posed upon the products of the gentleman's
own Slate.
Mr. BANKS. I do not know that. I fay
lumber is at a high juice. 1 belieie in no
part of the country building is going on as we
should like, in the Northwest. Southwest, or in
the East, or anvwheie else, because lumber is
so high. I would like to sec this article of
lumber put into the general tarifl'bill. I would
give the lumber interest as full protection as
any other interest.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, I propose
to occupy the attention of the Hou.,e for a
minute or two before asking the committee to
rise to close this debate. The proposition em-
bodied in the amendment of the committee was
a fair one. I agree with the gentleman from
Maine that an (id vnlorcm duty is in most in-
stances a fraud and deception, but it will not do
to apply the same ml valorem duty where the
article varies so much in value as lumber^ There
are some sorts of pine lumber brought in from
Canada and the Provinces that are ol no greater
value than the hemlock and spruce.
I sav, therefore, that it is monstrous that, we
should impo.se the same duty upon that class
of lumber which we impose upon the higher or
filiei ; lest- of pine lumlar.
Then, again, there are some qualities of pine
lumber that vary in value from twenty to sixty
and even to seventy-five dollars per thousand
feet. Now, on that class of lumber it is no
hardship at all to pay three dollars a thousand,
and that, I suppose, is a class that is produced
in the main in the district of my friend from
Pennsylvania. It is certainly a class of lumber
produced largely in Michigan.
And then, in reply to the suggestion of the
gentleman from Maine, that this will all be
computed at one rate, it is enough to say that
people run the risk of forfeiting their whole
cargoes when they undervalue them. I do not
think there is any greater dishonesty among the
lumbermen than others; but we shall have as
fair an administration of the revenue laws when
applied to lumber as to anything else.
In relation to the value of the lumber that
is imported from the Canadas, it varies. The
average value of all we received in 1859 was
eight dollars per thousand; in 1851 it was seven
dollars; in 18,">7 it was eleven dollars; and in
1804 and 1805 it was ten dollars. Now, the
rate which I propose here-amounts to at least
twenty per cent, on the lowest average, and
very little less than that on that which is higher.
If gentlemen will direct their attention to the
subject, they will find that the amendment sub-
mitted by me at first, to the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine is one that ought to be
adopted. * -
I now move that the committee rise for the
purpose of closing debate on this section";
amendments to bo in order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. ixoerhoi.i, re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Uniou had had the Union gener-
ally under consideration, and particularly the
hill of the House (No. oHV) regulating trade
with the British North American possessions,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
Mr. MORRILL. I move that all debate in
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union 011 the pending section, and the amend-
ment thereto of the bill now before the com-
mittee, terminate in five minutes after the com-
mittee shall resume the consideration of the
same.
The motion was agreed to.
I.10AVE OF AUSKXCE.
Mr. F. TIIOMAR asked and obtained leave
of absence for Mr. J. L. Thomas.
TUAPR WITH BlUX'lrill AMERICA AGArST.
Mr. MOUIIILL. I now move that, the rules
be suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
ixGi:i:-.oi,L in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of House bill No. 837, regulating
trade with the British North American posses-
sions.
Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania. When a
duty is asked for the protection of the lumber
interests in the United Stales, T am surprised
at the spirited opposition exhibited against it
011 this floor. This opposition, m m3'
ment, arises mainly from the fact that the com-
mittee and many of the members of the House
are not sufficiently posted upon the cost of lum-
ber manufactured in the United Stales. In
my district about three hundred million feet
are manufactured annually, at an average cost
of seventeen dollars per thousand feet.
The committee seem to have had evidence
before them that, pine lumber can be manufac-
tured and sold in Canada at a cost ot six to
twelve dollars per thousand feet. And this
estimate corresponds with the information that
I have received 011 the subject. This bill
proposes to open our markets, namely. New
iToik, Albany, Rochester, Syracuse, Buffalo,
Philadelphia, and all the great lumber mar-
kets east and noith of the Susquehanna liver,
