5 860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
•225
one jot or tittle. Though men and parties may
change, tbe Constitution as the basis of that
relationship in this Union will remain perpetual.
What terms had the President a right to de-
mand of these States, or of their people, as con-
ditions precedent to peace and the withdrawal
of the Army?
First, and before all, and as the basis of all,
unqualified submission to the Constitution of the
United States, and all laws of Congress passed
in pursuance thereof.
Second, the annulling of all acts, laws, and
proceedings by which the States made or pros-
ecuted war against the United States, including
the rebel debt.
Third, acquiescence in tlie situation which the
war has brought upon them, including the ab-
olition of slavery, for and on account of which
they made the war; for the sincerity of such
acquiescence, and as the supreme test of its good
faith, the adoption of the constitutional amend-
ment by which slavery, the cause of the war,
is surrendered and made impossible, and liberty
made sure, by being placed under the guardian-
ship of Congress in every State and Territory
forever.
Fourth, the practical resumption of their
political duties, upon those terms, as States in
the Union.
These are the conditions, in substance, upon
which President Lincoln almost three years ago
announced to the people of these States the
terms of pacification to which he pledged the
support of the Executive Government.
Those are the substance of the terms offered
by President J ohnson.
Several of the States, or the people of sev-
eral States, have accepted them, and offer now
to resume all their political duties as States in
this Union, and practically enjoy their rights as
such. Shall we allow them to do so3
If these terms have been accepted by these
States, or the people of these States, in good
faith, is not the faith of this nation pledged ?
Just as much pledged as by the terms contained
in the surrender of their armies?
It is not a sufficient answer to say, this Con-
gress is not bound by the acts of preceding Con-
gresses, and therefore we can pass laws requiring
the President to impose other and new terms of
pacification not required by preceding Con-
gresses. Technically that maybe urged; but
it will not do for a great nation, dealing with a
fallen enemy after he has surrendered, to im-
pose new and other terms. Had we been fight-
ing with any foreign Power, the treaty made by
the President would have been most scrupu-
lously kept. As between and among the States,
the Constitution—which is the treaty of peace,
and more than a treaty, which forms a perfect
Union, and makes the States one family—is cer-
tainly to be regarded with equal saeredness and
validity on our part,when after a civil war peace
is made, and the offending citizen orState makes
submission in good faith, and seeks to renew
allegiance. Nothing is more clear than that we
have made no conquest of these States. We
hold them only by virtue of our original right as
States under the Constitution.
But the question is sometimes put, by what
.powerthen, if these States are still in the Union,
-does the President appoint these provisional or
military governors? That question is impor-
tant ; but to that question the answer, in my
judgment, is perfectly clear. The President
does not make the appointment of these agents,
call them by what name you will, provisional
governors, military governors, commissioners,
agents, heralds of peace, generals, anything
you please, nor does he employ these agencies,
by virtue of his authority as a civil magistrate.
They are not civil appointments. They are
in no sense civil officers, for there is no law
under which they are appointed at nil. They
are mere military agents of the President, as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army, who is bound
to ascertain the fact, which he must know before
ho can discharge this duty of mustering the
forces out and of withdrawing the Army. He
sends these agents into the several States for
the purpose of ascertaining whether tlie rebel-
39tii Coxa. 1p;t SecW.—No. 18,
lion is suppressed; not only whether the people
have ceased armed resistance, but intend to sub-
mit in good faith and make no more resistance
to the authority of the Government. These
agents are by him authorized to ascertain that
fact; in substance, to put certain questions to
the people in these States, no matter in what
form they are to be answered, whether-by an
election, the casting of ballots, or by an oath.
The question is, "Are you willing now, in good
faith, to submit to and accept the true situation
which the war has brought upon you? Are you
ready, as free States, to put on a republican
form of government? And are you determined
hereafter to be lawful and law-abiding citizens
of the United States?" Ifthey answer that they
are, what then? "Assure me of that," says the
President, "and I will withdraw the military
power; I will nolonger hold you asCommand-
er-in-Chief; I will no longer govern you by
martial law; I will withdraw the troops and let
the civil laws, which are silent in the midst of
arms, once more come into full play. You may
substitute the ballot of the loyal citizen for the
bayonet of the soldier which I command. I
can then safely sheathe the sword and leave you
to yourselves. And when I can do that there
is peace."
This is the substance of it all. You may say
there is an air of the civilian, a scent of the civil
law and civil authority in the legal forms em-
ployed in which to put and answer these ques-
tions. What of that? These agents are military
agents, although wearing the garb of the civilian.
They are called provisional governors, but in
reality they are commissioners to propose terms
of peace or to see if peace lias come in reality,
or whether it is a hollow and deceitful appear-
ance of peace only. They are not civil gov-
ernors, but provisional governors. No matter
what you call them; names are of no conse-
quence. If they had been sent out simply as
spies, by a commanding general to ascertain
the temper of the people; to learn whether they
mean to keep the peace, or, soon as the Army
is withdrawn, to fight again, for the purpose of
satisfying the President whether he could safely
withdraw his military force or not, it is all the
same thing. It is, of necessity, a military ques-
tion, and clearly within the scope and duty of a
military commander. It is, therefore, no inva-
sion, no trampling upon the rights of any of
those States, to use such agencies.
Now, to illustrate this a little more fully.
Suppose the President had not employed any-
body, hut had gone himself to do all these
things that his agent, his commissioner, pro-
visional governor, or whatever you call him, is
authorized by him to do ; and suppose he should
go around himself among the people, and that
all his Cabinet should go along with him, ad-
ministering oaths of allegiance, and organizing
elections by which the people could show their
disposition toward the Government, in order
that, upon his own knowledge, he could deter-
mine whether it was his duty still to keep the
Army in force or to withdraw it, and say to the
people of the State, "Now you can go on: I
leave you to yourself; reorganize your civil
government, republican in form;" what then
would become of this objection.that the Presi-
dent was assuming power? It would vanish in
an instant.
But suppose he had done this, which in my
judgment would have been the simplest of all:
suppose he had authorized the general in com-
mand to act for him, to do all this through offi-
cers in the Army, to test the loyalty and alle-
giance of the people of that State toward the
Government of the United States; to advise
them to accept the situation in which the war
has placed them; to abolish the institution of
slavery; to ratify the amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States which abolishes
slavery in every State, and thus demonstrate
that they have accepted their situation as free
States forever as the result of this war? Or,
go a step further, and suppose that he had
authorized General Sherman to make just these
propositions to them ; suppose they had been
made as a part of the term of the surren-
der of the armies under the express .direction
of the President, who* could ever dortbt the *
President's power as Commander-in-Chief to
make them ? Who; then, I ask, can doubt that
the President has power to-send an agent down
into any one of those States, and by the co-
operation of tho military commander, do. pre-
cisely the same thing now? WllOcandoubtit?
_ The reason, probably, why the Administra-
tion, instead of employing a general in com-
mand, appointed special agents to do this duty,
was twofold: first, because it was suppose® that
some person who had personal influence amorfg
the people, who had not been connected with
the Army, might have more influence in pfe-
vailing upon that people to accept the situa-
tion war had brought upon them than one who
had passed through their country in the ter-
rible storm of war, and whose red right hand
had been to them like the scoui'ge of God. It
was doubtless supposed that a man selected
from among their own people, of great influ-
ence among them, might be listened to, that his
counsels would be more likely to lead them in
their very souls to submit, in good faith, to the
authority of the Government. We know that,
in ancient times, there were certain persons
performing substantially the same duties, who
were denominated heralds, who were sent oat
to announce terms of peace upon the termina-
tion of the conflict. It does not matter by what
names these persons are called. The power
exists as one of the necessary incidents of mili-
tary authority and military operations, a part
of which is to make peace as well as to make
war.
Another reason, probably, why Mr. Johnson
appointed these provisional governors grows
out of the fact that his predecessor made sim-
ilar appointments, and substantially adopted
tho same policy. As Mr. Johnson's Cabinet is
composed of the same men who constituted the
Cabinet of Mr. Lincoln, no doubt their advice
has been to him the same which they gave to
Mr. Lincoln, and which he has accepted as the
true policy in restoring civil government in
those States.
You remember, as I have before stated, that
Mr. Johnson himself was appointed military
governor of Tennessee. Ho had experience
in that capacity in endeavoring to restore civil
government in that State. Probably no man
in the United States was better prepared to
judge than Andrew Johnson, growing out of
the fact of his ability, his perfect knowledge of
the South and of the people of the South, and
his actual experience while he was military
governor, as he was called, of Tennessee.
Therefore he was likely to follow Mr. Lincoln
in the line of policy adopted by him, and which
he had himself actually tried and put into oper-
ation.
But I now'come to the question of represent-
ation in Congress.
Having shown them to be States in this Union,
and therefore entitled to representation under
the Constitution ; having shown that Congress,
by the same law under which the present House
was elected and organized, apportioned the two
hundred and forty-one members just as much
among these eleven southern States as among
the remaining twenty-live, and that under that
law their right, to representation is just, as cer-
tain as the rieht of any northern State, I now
come to consider another and wholly different
question.
First, whether they have properly chosen
Senators and representatives; and
Second, whether they have chosen right Rep-
resentatives.
Although a State may have a right to choose
Representatives, it may not, be in a condition
to choose them. A raging pestilence might
suspend elections ; a foreign invasion might
make them impossible; insurrection and civil
war might, do the same thing ; the temper of a
people might become so diseased or estranged,
that for a time they would refuse to choose
them. While this would not take away the
right to have Representatives it would deprive
them of Representatives in fact,
