1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2297
the recruiting frauds in New York, which General
Fry used Ilia best energies to repress wil'i iron hand,
a sense of indignation carries mo beyond my per-
sonal strength and compels todenouncesueli a oourso
. of proceeding:."
Mr. BLAINE. The word "personal" does
not oceur there.
' Mr. C0NKL1NG. The House will observe
I did not say the word "personal" did occur.
But that is not here nor there. All gentlemen,
all who have t'.ie appreciation or instincts of
gentlemen, see the point ot' this passage. It
Vas the assertion that 1 had had "quarrels"
with Provost Marshal Pry, repeating that word
more than once, and using other forms of ex-
pression; aid that 1 lmd had "quarrels" with
General Pry in which "quarrels" t had been
worsted, in which "quarrels" 1 had been put
down by the Secretary of War; in which the
Secretary of War had taken sides against me.
These were the points, first: that there had oc-
curred between General Fry and myself "quar-
rels." and second, that in "those "quarrels ' I
h.ad been worsted, and worsted by the Secre-
tary of War.
■ Now, Mr. Speaker, is there any shadow or
foundation for that? I mean, taking the com-
munication ot'the Provost Marshal General as
the only evidence upon the subject. What
'does he say? 1 had stated, as the House will
•Remember, before the member from Maine
frtjected his statement—I will rend that—1
had previously stated all about having been
"employed to prosecute General Fry's friend
and assistant. J said:
"I was employed by the Government to prosecutc
eoinft of the frauds to whieh I havo referred; and I
tried this .issistant tnovo^t marshal general, who had
been justified in ail the oui i.iges lie committed, and
hi all theaets b" whieli millions were stolen fiom the
people of New York : who was justified by his supe-
rior officer down to the tune when the sentoneo wa<
published, and afterward, X understand.''
The member from Maine, then, did not mean
this prosecution by his statement. Now. what
does the Provost Marshal say to give color to
the statement that, independent of this, any-
thing lir.d taken place which will help out the
assei .ion of" quarrels," and that J was worsted?
What does he State? That Captain lli'-hard-
son, a provost marshal m my district, was re-
moved. So he was. lie was removed without
notice and without charges. He was removed,
as it turned oat, on the report of Haddock and
the accusation of a man who is himself to be
tried in a few weeks for such frauds as he
charged upon Captain Itichardson. The facts
were in part made known to me, and, in com-
mon with some of the first citizens of my dis-
trict, I represented to the War Department and
to the l'ro«ident, if that was the form of the
petition, that this man had been removed with-
out nonce and on secret information. We
thought he should be heard; that theie should
be an investigation in regard to it. That is
the beginning and end of all I had to say or to
do with the removal of Captain Joseph P: Uich-
ardson. I think it will be hardly said that was
a quarrel with General Fry.
The next statement is that Captain Peter
B. Crandall was appointed provost marshal
of my district and was afterward removed.
So he was, and I take occasion to say, in the
face of the imputations put upon Captain Cran-
dall by General Fry, if ever I looked into the
face of an honest man, P. II. Crandall is hon-
est. I take it apon mj-self to state that a more
honest man never broke bread than this man
who was trodden underfoot by bounty jump-
ers and thieves because he would not submit
to tliem in violation of his duty and of the
law of the land. There is a place where Peter
B. Crandall is known, where he has been long
known ; and fortunately for me, also, in that
same place, the twenty-first district of New
York,.inhabited as it is by as brave, as gener-
ous, as patriotic people as were ever represented
„.i this floor, I am known and have been known
for twenty years.
The people with whom I live, among whom
J. expect to die, know better than General Pry
can tell them, whether the man who dared to
pen the libels we have heard read deserves to
be sustained and commended, or whether he
deserves to be gibbeted at the cross-roads of
common contempt.
But., Mr. Speaker, I was saying that Peter
B. Crandall was appointed provost marshal.
He was appointed upon the recommendation
of the most honored and trusted of our citizens
without my having any part in his selection.
I had no part or lot in it. It was made entirely
by others. The person whom they selected was
chosen because his integrity was and is beyond
all question. He was removed after bounty
brokers had threatened him that if he did not
submit to their behests ho would be removed,
and after he had defied thorn to bring the ma-
chinery of this great Government to bear upon
him for doing his duty. He was removed at
the very time when they predicted his downfall,
and 1 say here that he was removed because he
did his duty and for no other reason under
heaven, whether General Fry knows it or not.
Had he been rascal enough to comply with
illicit requests, he would never have been
touched by the hands which struck him down.
I joined with various of the citizens of my
district in representing to the Secretary of War
that a mistake had been made or a wrong had
been done in the case of this man; that if any-
body was honest ho was, and that it was doing
great violence to the public service and to the
people of that district to strike down a man
who had been selected by some of its best citi-
zens because ho was in point of character above
reproach.
That is all I had to do with it. I united with
others in signing these representations. Was
that having a personal quarrel with General
Fry ?
One thing more is referred to in conncetion
wiih Captain Crandall. lie had taken and
held, and persevered in holding $20,000 of
bonds which were claimed of hi in by a bounty
broker. He said they belonged to the Gov-
ernment of tliu United Slates, because the man
had debetted lor whom these bonds were hy-
pothecated, and he would never surrender them
to the claimant until he was compelled to do
it by law. He was sued, and I wrote several
times to the War Department recommending
the Sccretn:y of War to look into the facts him-
self and see whether the oonds might not be
held, as 1 thought they should be held, by the
Government. This is all I had to do with that.
The cause was subsequently tried. I had
nothing to do with it. The counsel was a gen-
tleman whose name appears in the papers read,
a citizen honored in every walk of life, and
Captain Crandall was sustained in holding the
bonds, the court deciding that be did what,
should have been done, and that ho ought not
to have delivered them up. That is the entire
of that transaction.
Having disposed of these things which Gen-
eral Fry recounts, 1 ask the House to observe
that in no aspect, by no stretch, do they show
that 1 quarreled with General Fry; at most
they only show that recommendations made
by me to the War Department roused his
hostib'ty.
Having referred to all transactions connect-
ing me with him to which he refers, I eorae
now to the one single interview which he says
took place between us. It was upon the occa-
sion which I referred to when I came here in
response to a telegram from the Secretary of
War.
The Provost Marshal General was sent for
to come into the room of the Assistant Secre-
tary of War during that day to give information,
and he did come, and informed me of various
things, among others, that Major Haddock was
an estimable and honorable man ; he denied
utterly that there was anything to be said
against him, although he had then made the
recommendation which he parades, and for
which he takes credit now, that he should be
suspended ; that he was satisfied Haddock was
honest, and would back him anywhere. He
said further that the people of my district, all
of them, as he understood it, were cowards,
drunkards, and sneaks; that that was his in-
formation ; that there was not, he believed, an
honest man in that district, and if one could
be found and set to discharging the duties of
provost marshal, as soon as it was known by
others, they would immediately dcbauch him.
I was somewhat astounded at language like
this, but 1 had no quarrel with General Fry.
1 was taught somewhat early in life that while
a man should be careful in his associations, he
should be choice in his fighting: and having
received my impression of this man then and
previously, I chose to have no controversy with
him. Nordoes he pretend that 1 had any. Idid
not call upon liim. I neither sought nor uvoided
him. Irequestednointerviewwiihhim. There
was nothing of the interview cxcept that he
was sent lor to give certain information. He
gave bis information, he made the remarks I
stated, and some other remarks, and retired
upon his laurels.
The fact, then, is precisely this: neither in
conversation with General Fry did 1 ever have
any quarrel with him, nor by letter or coire-
spondcnce did I ever have any quarrels with
him; and no way whatever have 1 ever had a
quarrel, in any definition of that term, with this
Provost Marshal General.
As 1 said the other day, I prosecuted his
assistant and friend. I knew then that 1 in-
curred his ire in doing it. 1 recommended to
the War Department from time to time such
things as 1 deemed it my duty to recommend.
This I well know angered him, but I believe I
never had occasion to make to the Secretary
of War a recommendation relative to matters
coming before him, which was not promptly
responded to, and promptly approved. Unless
1 have forgotten something, I believe that
throughout this prosecution 1 never addressed
to the Secretary of War a single recommenda-
tion in regard to it which lie did not approve,
and which did not meet with his sanction.
The HousewiU see, therefore, with how much
truth it was that a statement was made here,
fust that 1 had had quarrels with a man whom
I never saw but oi ee, and with whom I never
quarreled at all; and in the second place, that
in those quarrels I had been worsted, and
worsted by the Secretary of War, worsted by
that distinguished officer, whose friendship and
confidence it has always been my privilege to
enjoy, ami who never on any occasion did
toward me anything caleulatcd to awaken any
feelings but those of friendship and respect,
and who has my thanks for many acts of court-
esy and kindness.
J Jut, Mr. Speaker, I havo already gone far
beyond my intern ion in rising, and 1 trust that
those who have listened to me so attentively
will pardon something to the extraordinary
incident which has been witnessed, of the head
of a bureau, a clerk in the War Department,
sending here to be read such a pile of rubbish
as that, a personal assault upon a member of
this House, under the pretense of vindicating
himself in some way or other.
This officer longs for vindication, not with re-
gard to theseinsignificant matters which pertain
to me personally, but he longs tor vindication
with regard to those public matters which con-
cern him in his responsibility to the people of the
country. And I beg now to say, that if a com-
mittee shall be raised by this House to investi-
gate the doings of the Provost Marshal Gen-
eral's Bureau, I will undertake to make good
my assertion, that in the western division of
New York, composing a large portion of that
great State, this bureau, as it was administered,
was one carnival of corrupt disorder. I will
endeavor to make good that statement; and
then the public shall know whether the head
of the bureau was a man incapable of adminis-
tration -a man incapable of seeing the differ-
ence between honest men and thieves—or
whether it was administered by a man who
had (lie capacity to do it, and who, but for the
want of another quality, would have performed
its duties well. , ,
And now, Mr. Speaker, I will ask my col-
league from the St. Lawrence district, LMi'
HuIbord,] whose position in tins House ana
