274
THE CON(jrEESSIOlSTAL GLOBE.
January 17,
Again, in exercising the right to choose, they
may select men, incapable, ineligible, or unfit
to be received in either House of Congress.
A friend asked me the other day, shall this
Congress admit as Senators and Representa-
tives rebels fresh from the battle-field, whose
swords are yet dripping with the blood of our
sons and brothers? No, sir, no; who has ever
thought or dreamed of any such thing? The
oath required of them makes that impossible.
And does any one suppose that this Senate,
which expelled Bright for writing a letter to
Jefferson Davis, hag not the power or the cour-
age to defend itself against the guilty instigators
of this great crime ? Have we no confidence in
ourselves?
Another asked, what security have we th it
the South will not rebel again if we admit their
representatives ? I answer this question by an-
other : would there not bo tenfold more-danger
of their rebelling if wo do not give them repre-
sentation than if we do? Who does not know
that the most justifiable of all causes for rebel-
lion or revolution is lo tax and govern a people
without representation ? The old Thirteen re-
belled against England for that, and four of those
thirteen are among the States my colleague
would now reduce to the territorial condition.
Up to this time the South never had any justi-
fiable cause for rebellion.
Follow out the policy of the Senator from
Massachusetts and my colleague, and you will
give them what all the world will say is a just
cause for war. By so doing, we shall change
positions with them. Wo shall place ourselves
m the wrong, .and give them just cause of com-
plaint, now that they have surrendered. We
were right in the beginning; right in every step
of our progress in the war; right in authorizing
the President to end the war when the suprem-
acy of the Constitution was vindicated, and the
union of the States, with their rights and equal-
ity unimpaired, restored ; right in tendering to
the rebels upon their surrender magnanimous
terms of peace, more magnanimous than we
. would offer to a foreign foe, because they are a
part of our people, with whom by interest, by
necessity, and by the logic of geographical and
commercial position, we are forever bound to
- live and holt! the closest relations. If we now
direct the President to withdraw the terms of
pacification he has offered and they ba-se ac-
cepted, and above all, if we should in the spirit
of this resolution of my colleague, declare tliem
no longer States in this Union, but Territories,
subject to the control of Congress as the other
Territories of the United States, we should place
ourselves in the wrong, falsify all our profes-
sions of devotion to the integrity of the Union,
and reduce them to bo our dependents and
vassals.
For one moment consider the condition of
the Territories. They are not under the Con-
stitution at all. Mr. Websterin one of his mas-
terly effort1!, Mr. lienton in his re\icw of Dred
Scott, demonstrated that the Constitution is lor
States and not for Territories at all. Territo-
ries are outside dependencies, and governed by
Congress, not under its power limited by the
Constitution, but by its absolute power. The
Supreme Court decided in Canter's case, and
have often affirmed the doctrine, that Congress
possessed all legislative power over the Territo-
ries as absolute as in the District, of Columbia.
^ hui, in effect, Joes the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts an d my colleague propose? To place
outside of (he Constitution and to govern with
unlimited power eleven States and ten million
people, nearly one third of all the States and
people of the Onited States, without any rep-
resentation. And is this the way to pacify a
great country and satisfy the wish of a great
people?
1 he people of the South have boon so com-
pleted prostrated by this war that they would
almost any humiliation before rising in
ai ins again. But if there is any mode of pro-
ceeding more likely than any other to provoke
them to do so it is this proposition thus to re-
duce them to be our vassals.
W hat effect would it have upon ourselves ?
It would turn the North into a nation of slave-
holders, the people of the South being our slaves.
All slavery in the end destroys both master and
slave. This would very soon make the South
not fit to be free, and we ourselves become too
much corrupted and demoralized by the exer-
cise of such power to permit them to be free.
To hold them thus would require the presence
of a large standing army, which, if kept on foot
for a long time, is sure in the end to undermine
the virtue of republican institutions and pre-
pare the way for a concentrated despotism, per-
haps an empire.
It would subject us to incalculable expense,
which the financial situation of the country is
in no condition to bear-
It would, in my opinion, and in this I feel
that I am sustained by the opinion of the pres-
ent able head of the Treasury, affect our na-
tional credit most disastiously at home and
abroad. It is well known that upon the recep-
tion of the President's message at Frankfort-on-
the-Main our bonds advanced two per cent.
Reverse his policy and treat those States as sub-
ject, conquered provinces, and our national
credit would sink at once. Such a course would
incite, if not produce, another civil war.
It would keep the question open, to be tlie
source of ever-increasing irritation, until all
hope of union would be gone.
It would demoralize and dishearten the friends
of the Union atthe South, and turn their loyalty
into hatred. "If," said Mr. Lincoln, "we re-
ject and spurn them, we do our utmost to dis-
organize and disperse them. If, on the contrary,
wo recognize and sustain them, the converse of
all this is made true; wo encourage their hearts
and nerve their arms to adhere to their work,
and argue for it, and proselyte for it, and fight
for it, and feed it, and grow it, and ripen it into
a complete success." It would make those who
hated the Union during the war, and who, upon
the surrender of Lee, gave up all hope or thought
of further resistance, and were ready to renew
their allegiance to the Constitution, hate the
Union more bitterly than ever.
Again, sir, other grave considerations plead
to sustain tlic President's policy. How can we
hope that the great mass of the people South
will engage earnestly and hopefully in the pro-
duction of cotton, the great staple of export,
unless the pacification of the States is made
complete, and in time for the coming crop?
Our financial situation, therefore, demands
peace, and pcace_ as a reality. Such a peacc
would be impossible if we attempt to reduce
those States to the condition of Territories.
Some speak of the wealth of our mines. I do
not doubt it. But for present resources to meet
our engagements they cannot compare with the
cotton fields of the South. Every dollar of gold
produced in Colorado has thus far cost two.
Uhen the railroad reaches the mountains, to
carry laborers and supplies, that will be re-
versed ; but not till then.
But were^peaeo now fully restored the cot-
ton fields uf the South, worked by free labor
and free capital, this season would produce all
that our necessities require, and all that indus-
try should hope for to those who engage in it.
I have just seen a letter from William A.
Parker, from Evergreen, Alabama, under the
date of January 3, 18GG, to the Commissioner
of Agriculture, in which he says:
"As it may notbe uninteresting to you to know what
arc the agricultural prospects of the present year in
tins section, I will briefly state the results of my ob-
servation.s 111 (]n-anj tJK. adjoining county ot Monroe.
-tlierc is a vigorous and enterprising spirit preva-
lent. lhe preparations for the coming crop in the
two respects of land and labor arc more extensive
than ever before.
"The freejmen hare shown themselves willing and !
ready to outer into fair and reasonable contracts to
perform labor. jNeaily all of tliem are already cm- !
ployed. |
"Pianfersandfarmersaresanguiiic. A better state I
of things generally exists than has been known for a S
lone,' tune m this part oJ: the country. There is ]e.«s !
idleness and more work on the part, of all clashes,
inere is also being exhibited an increased interest ill
education.
"I have the honor to bo, <£e."
Sir, everything in our power shall be clone
to secure the crop of the coming season.
Again, sir, how do we stand in relation to
foreign Powers ? Who does not know that dur-
ing the rebellion the Emperor of France desired
tod believed in its success? Because he believed
in it he undertook the .Mexican intervention.
Lord Palmerston sympathized with him, and
would, if he could, have committed England to
join with him to establish the independence of
the southern confederacy.
But England saw a few piratical cruisers, built
in her ports and manned by her sailors, under
the rebel flag sweeping our commerce from the
ocean. She saw at once, that in case of war
with us, our cruisers would swarm in every sea
and destroy her commerce in return. There-
fore, from interest, she refused to accept Na-
poleon' s offer.
And now, can any man so far blind himself
to the situation as not to know that we must
close up this civil war and restore the union of
these States in such a manner as to have the right
to claim the allegiance of the southern people
before we can speak with the voice of a united
people, either to England about damages or to
France about intervention in Mexico?
There is no great consideration worthy of a
statesman in this crisis which does not plead
forand insist upon pacification, and, in my judg-
ment,_ there is no better way than to carry out
the Lincoln-Johnson policy of reconstruction.
The war of blood is over. It is now a moral
warfare; a warfare with the reasons, hearts,
feelings, passions, prejudices, and sentiments
of that people. And of all the propositions
which can be conceived there is none, in my
judgment, which will so shock the reason, so
deeply wound the sensibilities, and so rouse the
passions and prejudices of that people, as this
proposition to tax and govern them without
representation. I now speak of the great mass
of the people in those States.
Let no man misunderstand my position. With
those guilty leaders who, in this Senate and else-
where, incited the people of those States to re-
volt, I have and can have no sympathy. They
deserve none. Since the angels rebelled in
heaven there has been, in my judgment, no
such crime against God or man.
Why should I have sympathy for them? Do
I not remember that if all the blood they have
caused to be shed had been poured out in one
vast reservoir, Jefferson Davis, his cabinet, and
the whole rebel congress could have swam in
it? Do I not remember that oui*prisoners at
Andersonville and at other places have been
starved to death by thousands, and that upon
the authors of such barbarities 110 punishment
is too great? Ah! can I ever forget, until this
heart shall cease to beat, that my eldest son,
the pride of my life, has been sacrificed in this
war, caused by these guilty conspirators? How-
ever strong my indignation toward the guilty
leaders, I will not allow myself to forget that
the great mass of the people of the South were
honestly misled by the-teachings of Calhoun
and his disciples, the" press, the schools, and
the clergy, upon the right of secession and the
blessings of slavery. Nor will I blind my eyes
to the fact, equally true, that now the mass of
the thinking men of the South, and especially
those who were in the rebel army, have not only
surrendered their arms, but have surrendered
those two ideas upon which alone they made the
war. Upon this subject the concurrent testi-
mony ot Generals Grant and Sherman, and all
the great officers of the Army, is conclusive.
They have morally surrendered their cause.
Toward the mass of the people, then, I do
have sympathy. _ In my judgment it is our duty
nnd our best, policy to carry out in good faith
the terms of pacification tendered by President
Lincoln and President Johnson, and accepted
by them. Let us at once recognize tliem as
States in the Union, entitled to representation,
and take up for consideration each State by
itself, and inquire into the election returns and
qualifications of those who claim the right to
represent them. Let us begin with the State
of Tennessee.
My colleague assumes to say that he speaks
the voice of loyal Wisconsin. Sir, I do not
