3258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
the right to go up the Smoky Hill fork because
it had been demonstrated even then to be the
better route. Senators will find it in the ninth
secaion of the act of that year, on page 371 of
the Laws of 1863-64:
"And provided farther. That any company author-
ized by thisact to construct its road and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the initial point afore-
said"—
That was between the Platte and the Repub-
lican fork—
"may construct its road and telegraph line so as to
connect with the Union Pacific railroad at any point
westwardly of such initial point, in case such com-
pany shall deem such westward connection more prac-
ticable or desirable; and in aid of the construction
of so much of its road and telegraph line as shall be
a departure from the route hereinbefore provided for
its road, such company shall be entitled to all the
benefits and be subject to all the conditions and
restrictions of this act."
But in 18(34 the Railroad Committee did what
I thought was very unjust, but yet our company
from Missouri had to submit to it. What
was it?
" Provided furthr,r% however, That the bonds of the
United States shall not be issued to such company for
a greater amount than is hereinbefore provided, if the
same hud united with the Union Pacific railroad on
the one hundredth degree of longitude; norshallsuch
company be entitled to receive any greater amount
of alternate sections of public lands than are also
herein provided.''
Now, Mr. President, does this bill injure
anybody at all? What injury will anybody sus-
tain in consequence of it? \Ve find that by the
Smoky Hill fork we can build a road on a line
one hundred and thirty-four miles shorter 5 and
yet gentlemen insist that we must build over
the route. Why? It does not cost the Govern-
ment anything to allow the Smoky Hill route.
Here aro gentlemen building a road from the
State of Missouri west, and they say they can
build it by an expenditure of money from their
own pockets over a particular route and make it
belter than to receive $10,000 a mile more and
build it over the other line; and yet this Sen-
ale deliberately fixed that line.
Sir. President, there are a great many things
about railroad building out West. 1 know that
we squander the public lands here. The Sen-
ator from Indiana, [Mr. Hendricks,] who has
given much attention to these subjects, very
properly said Ihe other day that it is very hard
to have a couple of roads built almost parallel
to each other. Here is a company now to which,
by the legislation of this body, you are offering
$10,000 a mile to build a road over a certain
route, but they say they would rather build it
over atiothei route, if you will let them do it,
without one cent of your money; and yet the
Senate is he.silat.ing about, it. That is the sort
of legislation here. We are now absolutely fry-
ing to say that a company shall not build "a
railroad from the borders of my Slate to Cal-
ifornia without receiving a dollar of Govern-
ment aid. They ask to build the road over a
route on which they will make more money,
■which will pay better, a shorter line, and over
a good and fertile country; and gentlemen are
saying they prefer not letting them build at all.
You required by your legislation here that tffp
main Pacific railroad should build both the
Iowa branches, the Sioux City branch, and the
Omaha brunch, in 1804 the "Iowa branch had
become strong enough, and they came here
and begged of the (Senate to let t'hem off from
building one of these roads. The Senate let
them off; theHouseofRepresentativcsletthem
off; and they now require that the Sioux City
branch shall be built by an independent com-
pany, going across Missouri, provided it is ever
built; but they make it even more obligatory
than ever in 1864 over this main Pacific rail-
road to build the branch from Omaha out. I
know it is a very wealth}- company now ; but
I dare say that Mr. Perry will build a road that
"will accommodate this Government, and he
will build it sooner than this wealthy company
will build it.^ He only asks you to give him
liberty to build it; and yet some Senators are
hesitating, absolutely, to give him the permis-
sion out of his own pocket to build a road for
the accommodation of the uublic.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator ex-
plain what the dispute is about?
Mr. HENDERSON. If the Senator from
Maine will look for a moment at the map which
I have here he will see what the dispute is
about. The proposition of Mr. Perry is to
build a road from Kansas City to Denver.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is one of the
branches of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, sir. The Sen-
ator will see marked on this map the one hun-
dredth meridian and the Republican fork. The
legislation of 1862 required that the initial
point should be fixed between the south valley
of the Republican fork and the north galley
of the Platte. That was to be the main line.
The Omaha branch is marked ; the Sioux City
branch still further up ; the Kansas branch,
and also the St. .To. branch, which my friend
from Kansas has charge of. But the St. Jo.
branch is to unite within one hundred miles.
Mr. Perry is building his road up by the way
of Fort Riley, and he is now near Fort Riley.
If you do not pass this bill he will be com-
pelled to turn off in a northwestern direction
and come tip to meet the initial point. If you
let him build the road direct, it is one hundred
and thirty-four miles nearer, in a direct line,
through a fertile country filled with coal and
timber ; whereas the other is a perfectly bar-
ren plain.
But >Senators are mistaken when they say
that he is required now still to build upon
that route, because the legislation of 1864
permitted him to build by this route; but it
gave him no more money than if he built on
the other route. _ He failed to file his plat
within the time fixed, in order to get good sur-
veys of this route since 1864. We have lost
the right simply to file the plat. We might
file it now between this time and the 1st of
July; we have got time enough to do it; but
we want to make further explorations and
surveys.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will allow
me, I should like to ask if no plats have been
filed upon that route.
Mr. HOWARD. So far as this company is
concerned, it is merely a question of further
time to locate their road. That is all there is
about it.
Mr. POMEROY. Two plats have been
already filed.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Maine asks me what is the main question, and
he asks me further whether Mr. Perry now has
the right to go to Denver instead of going to
the one hundredth meridian by the Republican
valley. I will read the proviso to the ninth
■section of the act of 1804. He was formerly
required to go up the Republican, but the law
was amended in 1864, and the proviso to the
ninth section is in these words:
"And provided further, That any company author-
ised by this act to construct its road and telegraph
line from the Missouri river to the initial point afore-
said —
That is on the one hundredth meridian—
" it may construct its rondancl telegraph lino so as to
conncet with the Union Pacific railroad at any point
westwardly of such initial point, in ease such com-
panyshatl deem such westward connoction more
practicable or desirable."
Instead of forcing tts up the Republican,
Congress gave us permission to go by the
Smoky Hill route in 1864. What I objected to
in the legislation of 1864 was this other proviso
that was put on:
"Provided further, however, That the bonds of the
United fetates shall not be issued to such company for
a greater amount than is hereinbefore provided if
the same had united with the Union Pacific railroad
on the one hundredth degree of longitude; nor shall
such company be entitled to receive any greater
amount ot alternate sections of public lands than
are also herein provided."
They permitted Mr. Perry to build by this
route, but gave him no more money than he
would have received provided he had united
with the Union Pacific road on the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude.
Mr. BROWN. And no more land.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is a question of
construction. I do not know about that. I
suppose the Senate would not wish to deny him
lands over this route. We have considered and
passed this morning a bill to build a road from
Oregon to Salt Lake to unite with the Onion
Pacific road. Why not grant lands to this road ?
It is in the direction of New Mexico, and we
are now paying millions of money to carry the
mails from the Missouri river to New Mexico
and all that section of'eountry.
Mr. CONNESS. And military supplies.
Mr. HENDERSON. Military supplies and
everything of that character. If Mr. Perry con-
tinues this road out to a point near Denver, he
is within four hundred miles of the city of Santa
Fc; and on that route there may be a road con-
structed in the course of a few years, because
Mr. Perry is going to put this road through,
whether you give him a dollar or not. But I
am complaining of the injustice that will be
perpetrated in this railroad legislation against
my State. We only ask now that the Senate
shall give us land; we do not ask for a dollar
of money. We ask to be permitted to build
this road out to Denver, on a direct line, and
then to unite with the Pacific road, because the
Pacific road must follow the Platte and then
come nearly together. Why compel him to go
up the Republican fork and then south again
in order to come to this point?
I do not know what the construction of the
act of 1864 is as to the grant of lands. It will
certainly give him land just as many miles up
the Smoky Hill as it would if he had come to
the point provided for in the act of 1862. It
is fifty or sixty miles further. I do not know
whether it gives him land all the way out; but
it would be only just to give hint the land, for
he is building on a route that will soon enable
the Government to transport its mails and mu-
nitions of war to a most important part of its
territory, New Mexico.
But, sir, this bill is only intended to give him
a little further time within which to file his plat.
There is nothing else effected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will state to the Sen-
ator one idea I have about it. Perhaps it may
seem to him to be very incorrect. Lands are
taken for all these routes. The idea of the ori-
ginal bill was to unite on the one hundredth
meridian, and then there was to be a single road
from that point. Then, so far as the lands of
the Government are concerned, all they take
is up to that point, and from that point on-
ward. But now, if you start at another point,
it will require^ still more lands. My idea, is
that, however interesting it may be to individu-
als, it does not follow that it is the same thing
to the Government to give lands to three or
four or half a dozen roads, when the object
was to have one main line to California. But
individuals still say "We can do better," and
the consequence is more land is taken. Gen-
tlemen from the West say it is no sort of con-
sequence how much land is tq,ken.
Mr. HENDERSON. We charge the settlers
$2 50 instead of $1 25 for all the remaining
sections.
Mr. IvIRKWOOD. I do not know whether
the Senator from Missouri is right or not. I
confess I was not aware of the legislation
of 1864 in this respect. I supposed, when
I made the motion which I did make, that
the law still required the junction of these
branches, as they are called, at the one hun-
dredth meridian, but I find the act of 1804
provides that this branch shall be allowed to
come into the main road wherever it pleases
west of the one hundredth meridian.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Iowa will allow me, I wish to ask the Senator
from Missouri one question in regard to the
junction of the road. I understand that the
original law required the junction to be at the
one hundredth meridian, but between the Re-*
publican fork and the Platte river.
Mr. HENDERSON. That was the act of
1862.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir. Now, the
act of 1864 allows the junction at a point west
