1338
THI CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marckl2,
to free competition with the Canada lumber,
saving a duty of one dollar per thousand feet
on lumber worth less than seven dollars, and
two -dollars per thousand feet upon lumber
worth more than seven dollars and less than
twelve dollars.
A statement of the ease shows, perhaps,
clearer than argument,, that the duty proposed
is entirely inadequate for protection. Timber
standing in my district is worth not less than
three dollars per thousand feet. In Canada,
pine timber standing is worth, according to the
best information that I can get on the subject,
only from fifteen cents to fifty cents per thou-
sand feet. This demonstrates that the^ duty
proposed does not protect against the price of
raw material.
In my district it costs nine dollars per thou-
sand feet to convey the logs from the tree to the
mill; this is labor. It requires but the state-
ment to satisfy every member on this floor that
you can procure as much labor in Canada for
six dollars as you can command in Pcnnsylva-
niaforninedollars. Here, again, is a difference
of three dollars.
Again, I am informed that you can get lum-
ber sawed and piled in Canada for $2 50 per
thousand feet. In my district it costs four dol-
lars per thousand feet without regard to quality,
and added to this is one dollar per thousand feet
boomage.
Compare your proposed protection in this bill
with the cost in Canada and here, and the fal-
lacy of this as protection must be apparent.
When our lumber is manufactured it is as far
from market as is the Canada lumber.
This bill is disastrous alike to the capitalist
who owns the mills and timber and the man
who performs the labor for food and clothing
for his family. The argument that lumber is a
necessity ami therefore ought to be let in with
a nominal duty is equally fallacious.
Protect your own manufactures, and you are
certain of lumber, by competition, at the very
lowest prices that it can be manufactured for
in the united States, and any man who wants
it for loss is unworthy of being an American
citizen. This whole bill is a sad commentary
upon protection for American manufactures and
American labor.
Mr. SLOAN. I offer an amendment to the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine, by
striking out all after the word "sawed" in the
amendment, and inserting in lieu thereof the
following:
_ When sawed ami valuod at S7 or loss per thousand,
'per thousand toot; when valued at ovor $7 per
thousand, and not over $12 50 per thousand, $2 per
thousnml feoti when valued at ovor $12 50 por thou-
sand, per thousand foot.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 raise the point of order,
that the amendment of the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Sloan] is in the nature of a
substitute, it is tot-idem, verbis that which was
ponding as part of the bill.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman is mis-
taken.
Mr. BLAINE. Tt is in the identical words.
The OH AIRMAN. The Chair docs not bus-.
tain the point of order.
The amendment of Mr. Sloan was adopted
—ayes -r>5, noes 37, the Chairman [Mr. Inceu-
soa] voting in the negative to make a quorum.
The question recurred on the amendment of
Mr. Blaine as amended, as follows :
On lumber, pine, round, split, or sided, three fourths
of one cent per cubic foot; when hewn square, one
and one fourth cent, por cubic foot; when sawed and
valued at $7 or loss per thousand, $1 per thousand
feet; when valued at over $7 per thousand and not
over $12 50 per thousand, $2 pel-thousand feet; when
valued at over S12 50 per thousand, $3 per thousand
feet.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out all this
section in relation to lumber, and add "lum-
ber' to section three on the free list.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not in order.
Mr. BLAINE. I move to strike out of the
clause all after the words "cubic foot," and
insert in lieu thereof the following;
When sawed and notvaiued over $10 per thousand,
$3 per thousand feet- 
Mr. MORRILL. I submit that the commit-
tee have adopted the language proposed to be
stricken out by the gentleman from Maine,
[Mr. Blaine,] and it is not in order now to
move to strike it out.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Blaine, as amended, and it was
• adopted.
Mr. SLOAN. I move to amend the first line
of this paragraph by striking out the word
"pine," so that it will read, "on lumber, ash,
butternut, bass-wood, birch, elm, maple, and
white-wood, round, split, or sided," &c. That
is made necessary by the amendment just
adopted on my motion.
The motion to strike out was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend this para-
graph by adding the following:
On freestone, sandstone, and granite when in the
rough and uncut to dimensions, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem; when wrought and cut to dimensions
forty per cent, ad valorem.
I offer this amendment in this connection
because I consider it as germane to this para-
graph as to any other in the bill.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order
on this section,
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the gentleman from
Connecticut [Mr. Warner] will withhold his
amendment until we bring in the regular tariff
bill.
Mr. WARNER. I will withdraw it for the
present.
Mr. ROSS. Is it in order to move to strike
out all of this section, so as to placc lumber in
the free list in section three?
The CHAIRMAN. It is not in order to move
to strike out any portion of this section from
the consideration of which the committee has
passed. It would bo in order to move to strike
out the pending paragraph.
Mr. ItOSS. I will move to strike out all I
can. I move to strike out the following para-
graph :
On lumber, ash, butternut, bas$-wood, birch, elm,
maple, and white-wood, round, split, or sided, throe
fourths of one cent por cubic foot; when hewn square,
ono and ono fourth of one cent por cubic foot; when
sawed, and valued at $7 or less per thousand, S>1 per
thousand feet; when valued at over S7, and not over
$12 per thousand. $2 per thousand feet; when valued
at ovor $12 por thousand, $3 per thousand feet.: Pro-
vided, When lumber of any sort is planed orfinished,
in addition to the rates herein provided, there shall
bo lovied and paid for each side so planed or finished,
soventy-fivo cents; and if planed on one side and
tonguod and grooved, $1 50; and if planed on two
sides and tongued and groovod, $2.
The motion to strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. BLA1NE. I move to add to this para-
graph the following:
The valuation of lumber in all eases to bo mado at
the port of entry.
That will prevent fraud and give this bill a
legitimate effect.
Mr. MORRILL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and. Messrs. Morrill
and Dawson were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 48, noes 64.
So the amendment of Mr. Blaine was not
agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to strike out the fol-
lowing :
On ship timber, fifty cents per ton.
I do that for the purpose of having it put in
another place.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to ask the
gentleman if that other place is the free list.
Mr. PIKE. It is; ana the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means agrees with
mc that it should be put there.
The question was taken; and the motion to
strike out was not agreed to.
Mr. HARDIN Q-, of Illinois. I move to strike
out "fifty cents," and insert "two dollars" as
the duty per ton on ship timber.
The motion was not agreed to. *
Mr. HARDIN G, of Illinois. I move to strike
out "three cents" and insert "one cent" in
the following clause:
On railroad ties, rough, hewn, or sawed, three cents
each.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to strike out
1' seventy-five cents'' and insert'1 one dollar':
in this clause:
On rift pine and cedar shingles, seventy-five cents
per thousand.
An.d I will ask to have a letter read wl}ich I
will send to the Clerk.
The CHAIRMAN. That would be in the
nature of debate, and would not be in order.
IJie amendment of Mr. Spalding was not
agreed to.
Mr. ROSS. I move to strike out "seventy-
five," and insert "fifty."
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. PIKE. I move to insert the word
'' staves'' after the word '' palings'' in the fol-
lowing clause:
On pickets, palings, and lath, twenty per cent, ad
valorem.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I would ask the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morkill] if
there is any provision made here for duty on
clapboards that may be less than four feet in
length.
Mr. MORRILL. There is not. The gentle-
man's criticism is just, and I hope he will sug-
gest an amendment to supply the omission.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, I will then move to
amend the clauses in relation to clapboards so
that they will read as follows:
On pine clapboards, four feet or less in length, $4
per thousand.
On spruce clapboards, four feet or less in length,
$2 50 per thousand: Provided, That clapboards of
greater length, whether of pine or spruce, shall pay a
proportionate increase of duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WARNER. I move to amend the sec-
ond scction by inserting the following after
line eight:
On freestone, sandstone, and granite, when in the
rough and uncut to dimensions, thirty-five per cent.
ad valorem; wh en wrought or cut to dimensions, torty
per cent, ati valurem.
I desire to say that my reason for offering
this amendment is that under the present law
the duty imposed upon the articles specified in
the amendment is twenty per cent., malting a
discrimination, as I understand it, against the
mechanic of this country and in favor of the
mechanic in Nova Scotia. The present law
makes no difference between stone cut to di-
mensions and ready to be used in building, and
stone in the rough as cut from the quarry. This
interest involves an expenditure of millions of
dollars annually. Since the war a large amount
of capital has been invested in Nova Scotia,
where quite a number of quarries have recently
been developed and are now being worked with
great success. The committee will see that if
this interest be left without any other protec-
tion than such as is afforded by the present
tariff, the superior advantages of those engaged
in this business in Nova Scotia will entirely
destroy the domestic interest in freestone, in
the quarrying and preparation of which so large
an amount of American capital is invested.. I
have knowledge of three quarries located in my
district, which prior to the reciprocity treaty
employed fifteen hundred men and more than
sixty vessels. Since the introduction of this
material from Nova Scotia under that treaty,
the number of employes in those quarries has
been reduced from fifteen hundred to seven
hundred, and there has been a corresponding
decrease in the number of vessels engaged.
I fully agree with the opinion of the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
building material should be made cheap, but
the rate of duty which I propose will still leave
these materials cheap as compared with some
of the other articles specified m the bill. * For
instance, under this bill a certain description
of lumber will be protected by a specific duty
much higher than that which is named in my
amendment, and marble which this bill leaves
to be protected by a specific duty of fifty per
cent, per cubic foot and twenty-five per cent.
ad valorem, is an article with which freestone
comes in competition; and I think we are as
much entitled to protection upon freestone as
