1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2299
everyone knows that those preliminary author-
izations are the things on which half the busi-
ness arising out of the war has been done.
Men have fought at the head of battalions and
divisions and Army corps without having re-
ceived their formal commissions. The gentle-
man was just as much bound to respect the
law under that appointment as though it had
been a formal commission with the signature
of the Secretary of War.
As to the gentleman's cruel sarcasm, I hope
he will not be too severe. The contempt of
that large-minded gentleman is so wilting ; his
haughty disdain, his grandiloquent swell, his
majestic, supercminent, overpowering, turkey-
gobbler strut has been so crushing to myself
and all the members of this House that I know
it was an act of the greatest temerity for me to
■venture upon a controversy with him. But,
sir, I know who is responsible for all this. 1
know that within the last five weeks, as mem-
bers of the House will recollect, an extra strut
lias characterized the gentleman's bearing. It
is not his fault. It is the fault of another. -That
gifted and satirical writer, Theodore Tilton, of
the New York Independent, spent some weeks
recently in this city. His letters published in
that paper embraced, with many serious state-
ments, a little jocose satire, a part of which
■was the statement that the mantle of the late
Winter Davis had fallen upon the member from
New York, The gentleman took it seriously,
audit has given liis> strut additional pomposity.
The resemblance is great. It is striking. Hy-
perion to a satyr, Thersitcs to Hercules, mud
to marble, dunghill to diamond, a singed cat
to a Bengal tiger, a whining puppy to a roar-
ing lion.' Shade of the mighty Davis, forgive
the almost profanation of that jocose satire!
The SPEAKER. The Chair ill state at
the conclusion of these personal remarks that,
as the House had granted unanimous consent
for a pAsonal explanation, and it was pre-
sumed, of course, personalities would be in-
dulged in, he has refrained from calling gen-
tlemen to order. If any member had called
to order, the Chair would at once have strictly
enforced the rule.
Mr. CONKLING. I ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Tiiayek] to withdraw
the motion to refer to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
Mr. SCHENCK. That committee has now
as much as it can attend to, and beside that,
the gentleman from Maine is on that com-
mittee.
Mr. BLAINE. I hope the gentleman will
withdraw his motion. L am a member of the
Committee on Military Affairs and the refer-
ence would be wholly improper.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to lay the
resolution on the table.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question then recurred on Mr. Thayer,' s
motion to refer to the Committee on Military
Affairs ; and it was also disagreed to.
Mr. COXKLING- demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message 1'kom tiie senate.
A message from the Senate, by Sir. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act(S. No. 236) to authorize
the construction of certain bridges and to estab-
lish post roads, in which he was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
regulation op immigration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, demanded
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER staled the regular order of
business to be the consideration of House bill
No.'481, entitled "An act to amend an act
entitled 'An act to encourage immigration,'
approved July 4,1864, and an act entitled ' An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels,' approved March
3, 1805, and for other purposes. "
And then, on motion ot Mr. ROSS, (at five
o'clock and fifteen minutes p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
petitions, etc.
Tho following potitions, &o„ were presented under
tho rule and referred to the appropriate commit-
toes:
By Mr. CONICLING: Tho petition of Mrs. Butts,
and 65 other women of Ilopodnle, Massachusetts,
asking an nmondmont of the Constitution prohibit-
ing tho States from disfranchising citizens on the
ground of sex. _ « . ,
By Mr. DARLING: The petition of Brevet Colonel
J. R. O'Boirno, for a portion of the reward for tho
capture of Booth and Ins confederates.
Also, resolutions of the Legislature of tho Stato of
New York, in favor of equalizing bounties.
By Mr. DAWSON: Joint resolution of the Legisla-
ture of Pennsylvania, instructing the Senators and
Representatives of Pennsylvania relative to tho
equalization of bounties.
Also, the petition of 38 citizens of Wostmorcland
county, Pennsylvania, praying for an mcreaso of tho
duty on impoi ted wool.
Also, tho petition of 07 citizens of Indiana county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an incrcaso of tho duty on
imported wool.
Also, tho petition of 32 citizens of Fayette county,
Pennsylvania praying for an incroaso of tho duty on
imported wool. ^
Also, tho petition of 110 citizens of Fayette county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of tho duty on
imported wool.
Also, tho petition of 51 citizens ol Fayetto county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of tho duty on
imported wool.
Also, the petition of 31 citizens of Fayette county,
Pennsylvania, praying ior ail incrcaso of tho duty on
imported wool.
Also, tho petition of 31 citizens of Fayette county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of the duty on
imported wool.
Also, the petition of 01 citizens of Fayette county,
Pennsylvania, praying for an incrcaso of tho duty on
impoi ted wool.
Also, the petition of 42eitizens of layette county,
Peniryh am a, praying for an increase of tho duty on
imported wool.
Bv Mr. GRISWOLT): Tho petition of llax-grow-
ers of Washington county,New York, for protection.
Also, tho petition of wool-groweis of Whitehall,
Washington county, Now York, for protection.
Also, tho petition of physicians, of Salem, Fort
Edward, and other places, in Washington county,
New York, asking that their mcdioines may bo put
on free list.
Also, a remonstrance, of lawyers of the city of
Troy, New York, against tho act icorganizing the
Federal judiciary.
By Mr. JiENDFRSON: A potition of tho wool-
growers of Knox county, Illinois, praying for pro-
tection of domestic wool.
Also, a petition from hospital Army stewards, for
increase of pay. . . , .
By Mr. IfOTOIlKTSS: Tho petition of citizens of
the State of New York, for tho amendment of tho
; Constitution changing the basis of representation.
1 Also, the petition of soldiersandcitizensot lomp-
kins county, New York, for tho equalization of
bounties.
By Mr, INGERROLL: The petition of citizens of
Galesburg and Oneida, Knox county, Illinois, Pray-
ing for a law regulating inter-State insurances of all
kinds. . . „ ,,
By Mr. LAFLIN: Concurrent resolutions of the
Legislature of the State of Now York, in favor of
equalization of bounties. . , ,r
By Mr. PAINK: The petition of Richard Van
Alstine, and others, citizens of Dclavan, Walworth
county, Wisconsin, for increase of duties on foreign
WAlso, the potition of P. M. Latimer, and others,
citizens of Daricn, Walworth county, Wisconsin, tor
SaAlso, the petition of II. Wcatherwnx, and others,
citizens of Darieu, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
Also, the petition of John Utter, and others, citi-
zens of W alworth county, Wisconsin, for same.
Also, the petition ot Charles P. Soper. and others,
citizens of Darien, Walworth county, Wisconsin, for
By Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky: Tho petition of
Colonel A. IT. Clark, late of the forty-seventh Ken-
tucky volunteers that tho members of that regiment
be allowed $100 bounty. , t
By Mr. SAWYER: Tho petition of L. B. Chitten-
den and 30 others, citizens of Waupacca county, Wis-
consin, praying for the enactment of equal laws lor
the regulation ot inter-SUto insurances.
Also, tiie petition of W. P. McAllister, and 4o oth-
ers citizens of Winnebago county, W isconsin, pray-
ing for the enactmentof equal laws for the regulation
ofiutcr-State insurances.
By Mr SCHENCK: Sundry petitions of citizens
of Ohio, for an equalization of bounties,
Bv Mr TIIAYER: Two petitions from citizens ot
JohnsviUe, Bucks county, Pennsylvania, and vicin-
ity, asking lor a mail route from Warminster to
Southampton, Bucks county, Pennsylvania,
By Mr. VAN IIOR&.of New York: A petition,
signed by 63 citizens of Elba, Genesee county, New
York, asking an increase of duty on wool, 4
Also, a remonstrance against a reorganization ox
th<* Federal judiciary. - .  
By Mr. WARD: The resolutions of the Legislature
of tho State of Now York, in favor of tho equaliza-
tion of bounties. . ■
By Mr. WOODBRIDGE: The remonstrance of M.
Da Costa, and 50 others, members'of the bar in tho
city of New York, practicing in the Federal courts,
against tho passage of Senate bill to reorganize tho
Federal judiciary.
Also, the petition of Hon. John Gregory, and 10
others, assistant assessors of the first congressional
district of Vermont, praying that the pay of assistant
assessors may be increased to five dollars per day.
Also, tho potition of Dr. Sydney Houghton,
others, citizens of Rutland county, Vermont,piaying
that medicines may bo exempted from taxation.
Also, tho petition of K. S. Ncwoll, of Shorcham.
Vermont, for a reduction of the tax on agricultural
implements.
Also, tho potition of Joel Colvin, and 11 others, of
Danby, Vermont, asking an equalization of taxation
on agricultural productions,
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, May 1,1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION'S.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
tho Senate a communication from the Secre-
tary of War, transmitting, in answer to a reso-
lution of tho Senate of the 24th ultimo, a report
from the Adjutant General covering all the
evidence upon which the award of the com-
mission appointed to examine the different
claims to the reward offered for the apprehen-
sion of Jefferson Davis was based, including
copies of the report of Lieutenant Colonel D.
B. Pritchard, ot the fourth Michigan cavalry,
and of Lieutenant Colonel Henry Harnden, of
the first Wisconsin cavalry, and stating that no
orders were on record in the War Department
under which those officers acted.
Mr. WILSON. I move the reference of that
communication to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
Tho PRESIDENT pro tempore also laid
before the Senate a report of the Secretary of
the Navy, in answer to a resolution of the Sen-
ate of the 24th ultimo, calling for copies of
orders of that Department which deprive offi-
cers of tho Navy, who are not on duty, of cer-
tain privileges of citizens; which was referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs, and ordered
to be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. MORRILL presented tho memorial^ of
Nathan Webster, praying for compensation
for property belonging to him taken during
the war and used by the Government ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
C. M. Roy, W. S. Wortman, and others, citi-
zens of Macomb county, in the State of Illinois,
praying for the enactment of equal and just
laws for the regulation of inter-State insur-
ances ; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce. _ ...
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Macomb county, in the State of Illinois, pray-
ing for the establishment of a national insur-
ance Bureau; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have also a petition
from one hundred and six citizens of Staunton,
Augusta county, in the State of Virginia, stat-
ing that United States troops have recently
been withdrawn, not only from that county, but
from most of the surrounding counties in that
seetion of the Shenandoah valley; and in view
of the fact that threats are being made from
various quarters against the lives and property
of loyal men, and that, in their judgment, no
protection or justice can be had through ttie
civil courts or at the hands of the civil officers
of tho law, the petitioners pray that troops may
be immediately forwarded to that locality, and
' that such measures be adopted as will ra®ur®
to them justice in all matters of claims, and all
