1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8259
of the one hundredth meridian, but it does not
repeal that portion of the law of 1862, as I
understand, which requires the junction to be
between those two rivers. So I am not sure
that the Senator is exactly correct, in his con-
struction of the legislation up to this time.
Mr. HOWARD. That is necessarily re-
pealed.
Mr. HENDERSON. _ It must be so, be-
cause this whole legislation is in perfect con-
flict with that act. It permits them to unite
with the Pacific road at any point west.
Mr. HENDllICKS. _ That is so; but the
legislation of 1862 required a junction at the
one hundredth meridian between these two
rivers. The legislation of 1864 simply allowed
the junction west of the one hundredth merid-
ian, but does not cease to require the junc-
tion between the two rivers.
Mr. STEWART. Suppose the rivers do not
extend so far V
Mr. HENDRICKS. Suppose they do not
extend to the one hundredth meridian ? I do
hot know whether they do or not.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Republican river
oxtends to the frontier, west of the one hun-
dredth meridian. The head of it is a little
west of the one hundredth degree of longitude.
I will state that there can bo no question about
the justice of this bill, that is, so far as the
Government is concerned. It is very unjust
to my State, very unjust to the parties who
are building the road, in my judgment, to say
that they shall be entitled to no subsidy from
the Government, while there arc two roads
above that you subsidize with land and money.
I can see no reason for it. This is just as im-
portant, and much more important than any
other road. It is one hundred and thirty-four
miles nearer, by actual survey, and through a
better country. I apprehend there can be 110
objection to it. It is asking nothing beyond
what was given by the act of 1864, except to
give these parties a little more time to desig-
nate the route ; because the lands are reserved,
and you must recollect it is not built to within
one hundred miles of the mouth of the Repub-
lican river yet; and this applies to the coun-
try east of the river as well as west. There-
fore I hope you will give them the privilege
to iile their map by the 1st of December. The
Omaha branch lias not yet filed its map, and
the main Pacific road lias not filed its map.
Let me state one thing further to the Senate.
This initial point was to be fixed by the Presi-
dent of the United Stares, and he has never
yet fixed it. Then how is it possible that we
can make out a map with anything like a per-
fect and correct idea of where wo are going to?
Mr. Lincoln never fixed the initial point, and
Mr. Johnson has never fixed it. It is within
the discretion of the President to fix it where
he chooses ; and until it is fixed, why require
Mr. Perry to file his map? Let him assuredly
have until the 1st of December to lile it. There
can be no objection to this legislation.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, this road
is the road the stock of which General Fre-
mont at one time became possessed of in some
way ; but it is now in the hands of a company
of practical railroad builders who have con-
tributed their own money and undertaken to
build the road, with the aid and assistance, of
course, of the Government grant. The presi-
dent of this company brought a letter to me
from St. Louis—out West they sometimes mis-
take me for a railroad man. He explained
the whole subject and their organization. I find
that I have a friend in the organization, a Mr.
Shoemaker, who is the engineer of the road,
and is engaged as one of the contributors to it,
and is a very excellent engineer and practical
railroad builder. He explained to me the
route up the Smoky Hill fork and the advan-
tages of it to them as a company. I came to
the conclusion that that was the only route the
Government of the United States ought to let
them build a road upon. The other route is
a line where there is no timber or material to -
construct a road, no timber or material to oper-
ate a road ; it is through a desolate country.
Up the Smoky Hill fork they get through a
fine wooded country; they reach through fine
coal-beds where they will be able to get the
material to operate the road in all time to come,
and operate it cheaply.
Then Mr. Shoemaker represented to me that
it is shorter to Denver City by more than one
hundred miles. Of course the Government
would save the lands donated for that addi-
tional hundred miles, and the bonds it con-
tributes to it to that extent; and then the road
would be worth something and it could be
operated after it was built; whereas if it was
built upon the other route there would be no
materials to operate it; and no through busi-
ness that will ever come from California will
pay for operating these roads unless they can
get aid and assistance from the country through
which they run. I thought it was very desira-
ble, too. in this connection, that they should
get to Denver City one bundled miles nearer
than by the other route, because when they
reach Denver City they reach the mining re-
gion, and we should begin at once to draw
advantages from the expenditure that the Gov-
ernment is making in relation to these roads.
I came, then, to the conclusion, and I firmly
believe it now, that the Government ought not
to let this road be built on any othei; route tliau
up the Smoky Hill fork ; and I am, therefore,
against striking out the first section of the bill,
which gives them further time to lile their plat;
it is only a continuation of the privilege Con-
gress have given them to make the junction
west of the one hundredth meridian. 1 am not
as familiar as some other gentlemen here with
the legislation of Congress upon the subject.
1 cannot tell what the local interests may be,
but the great public interest is that this road
should be built where it can be operated and
made of some use to the country ; and if it is
not made at that point, it is useless to make it
at all. I do not wish to detain the Senate.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The object of my in-
quiry of the chairman of the committee was to
ascertain the facts about this matter. It is a
very important measure, which, I think, should
have been accompanied by a report, giving us
all the facts; but upon the confident statements
which gentlemen make I do not feel free t,o vote
against it, although 1 do not feel entirely satis-
fied that the information we have is such as we
ought to have upon a question of this magni-
tude. ft will eventually involve the expendi-
ture by the Government of the ordinary amount
for the construction of this road out to the
junction beyond Denver; but as it is stated
here that the road on the route now required
will pass through a barren country, which would
furnish no business for it, and that the proposed
route will pass through a well-watered, rich,
fertile country, supplied with coal and timber,
I cannot vote against the measure on such con-
fident statements of the facts by Senators. I
wish, however, to suggest that there will arise
the question of the rights of the Hannibal and
St. .1 o. railroad extension. That road is now
provided for with a connection at some point
out in the wilderness. What connection can
it make if wc make these two roads parallel
instead of giving this road a northwestern
direction, so as to form a junction?
There is that difficulty which we shall have
to meet. The Senator from California has said
we shall meet it in a liberal spirit toward that
company. What that will eventually require
I do not know. In my judgment, it will re-
quire something. We shall have to give that
road a junction. Men have put their money
into it; they have built a portion of it, as I
understand. They certainly have some claims
on the Government now to see to it that they
shall have a junction that is valuable to them;
and if at the end of the hundred miles that we
have now provided for, because of the present
legislation, they find no possible junction, but
have to turn in a northwestern or southwestern
direction to form such, I apprehend the Gov-
ernment will have to enable them by material
aid to make such a junction. I give my vote
understanding the full responsibilities of the
questions, as 1 believe.
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, in regard
to the forming of a junction with the main
stem, I beg to say to the Senator from Indiana
that there is an express provision contained in
this bill requiring such a junction. In the first
section in the last proviso you will find these
words:
That said company shall connect their line of rail-
road and telegraph with the Union Pacific railroad,
but not at a point more than futy miles westwardly
from the meridian of Denver, in Colorado.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I observed that this
provides for the main trunk from some point
west of Denver to the California State line,
with double branches from Omaha to that ■
point and from the Missouri river on the
south also to that point; but how is the Han-
nibal and St. Jo. extension to form a junction,
and where?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator from
Michigan will permit me to answer the Sena-
tor from Indiana. The Senator from Indiana
will see by section thirteen of the original act
of 1802 that he is mistaken. It provides—
" That the Hannibal and St. Joseph Railroad Com-
pany of Missouri may extend its roads Iroin St. Jo-
soph, via Atchison, to connect and unite with the road
through Kansas, upon tiling assent to-the provisions
ol this act, upon tho same terms and conditions, m
all respects, for one hundred mites in length next to
the Missouri river, as are provided in this act for the
construction ot the railroad and telegraph lino first
mentioned, and may lor this purpose use any rail-
read charter which lias been or may be granted by
the Legislature of Kansas.''
Therein I said in 180'2 that I complained.
It only permitted tile Hannibal and St. Jo.
Railroad Company one hundred miles to get
to the Kansas City branch, the one we are now
talking of. It was to reach it within one hun-
dred miles of the Missouri river. The Han-
nibal and St. Jo. branch will be left out in
the wilderness, for it cannot unite with this
branch except within one hundred miles of the
Missouri river, and it is four hundred miles to
the irf'itial point, or three hundred and eighty
miles anyhow. But they have the very same
advantage as to a connection that they always
had, they can go down one hundred miles.
But in 1802 1 got a proviso put on that, because
1 thought that was very unjust to that road, and
the proviso is to permit them to unite with any
of the other roads coming from Iowa or else-
where. I struggled with the Senate to let it
go directly west, but I was overpowered, and
1 finally got this proviso put on:
"Provided, That if actual survey shall render it de-
sirable, tiie said company may construct their road,
with the consent of tho Kansas Legislature, on the
most dircet and practicable route west from St. Jo-
seph, Missouri, so as to eonnoct and unite with tho
road leading from tho western boundary of Iowa, at
any point east of the one hundredth meridian of weft
longitude, or with tho main trunk road at said point;
but in no event shall land or bonds bo given to said
company, as herein directed, to aid in the construc-
tion ot their said road lor a greater distance than one
hundred miles."
That, instead of leaving them in the wilder-
ness, permits them to unite with the Omaha
branch at any point they choose, or with the
main Pacific road on the one hundredth degree
of longitude, or they may unite with the' Kan-
sas branch as originally contemplated within
one hundred miles. Therefore they have the
same privilege they always had.
Sir. POMBROY. I think I can explain this
matter in a moment. I do not want to occupy
the time of the Senate. Though the Hannibal
and St. Joseph Railroad Company had the
right to build a branch under the provisions of
the act, they had to use a charter to be ob-
tained from the Legislature of Kansas, from
the fact that a company in one State could not
be authorized, even by act of Congress, to build
in another State except with the consent of the
State and by using a charter of that State. The
law says that they shall have land and bonds
for only one hundred miles. It does not say
that they shall not build any further, as the
Senator seems to claim. This company located
its road and filed its plat on the Republican.
