1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
275
doubt his sincerity. But I venture to say that,
in my opinion, he will find himself greatly mis-
taken. I know tnat the late convention of the
Union party in that State unanimously resolved
thai the States of the South were still States of
this Union, and that neither by peaceful seces-
sion nor by force of arms could they be taken
out of this Union under the Constitution.
Another resolution adopted by that conven-
tion reads as follows:
"That the animus which caused the J ate rebellion
against the United States, was born of the pride and
ambition of an aristocracy founded upon slavery,
which the warand the emancipation proclamation of
President Lincoln has rightfully destroyed; but we
deem it essential to the regeneration of the late slave,
but now free States, that they should, in good faith,
accept their new situation as free States, not only by
abolishing slavery in their State constitutions, but by
the ratification by their Legislatures of the amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States, sub-
mitted by Congress and now pending, which forever
abolishes slavery in every State, and empowers Con-
gress to pass all laws necessary to secure liberty to all
the people, black and white. By its adoption the
causo of the rebellion will be removed, slavery de-
stroyed, and liberty established upon a foundation
which neither State, nor President, nor Congress, nor
court, nor change of parties, can shake—as enduring
as the globe itself. By its adoption by the people of
those States all the world will know that they accept
freedom as their situation, and give up slavery and
all hope of restoring slavery forever.
That through the influence of certain news-
papers and speeches, there may be some division
of sentiment among the members of the Union
party now is possible. But when my colleague
goes before the people of Wisconsin with the
proposition to reduce eleven States to the, ter-
ritorial condition; to tax and govern eleven
States and ten million people without represen-
tation ; when he proposes in effect to do what the
rebellion could not do, tear the national flag in
twain ; to take eleven stars from that flag and
reduce the number to twenty-five, he will find,
in my humble opinion, that he has utterly mis-
taken the people of Wisconsin.
If he had said that they look upon treason as
a crime, and that some of the guilty leaders
should be tried and convicted ; if he had said
that they insist that under the' constitutional
amendment Congress should see that the freed-
man is protected in his civil rights of life, lib-
erty, and property ; if he had said that since the
abolition of slavery m the southern States has dis-
turbed the basis of apportionment in the House
of Representatives, a more just apportionment
might be made having reference to the voting or
taxable population of the several States, I would
agree with him. But upon this proposition of
his he would find himself in a minority of less
than one third of the voters of Wisconsin. The
loyal people of Wisconsin, and of all the States,
have been fighting for the integrity of the Union
and the entirety of the' flag; for pacification
upon the basis of the union of the Mates under
the Constitution. If this Congress will not act
upon that basis, the next-Congress will. That
is the corner-stone. Whosoever shall fell upon
that stone will be broken in pieces ; but upon
whomsoever it shall fall it will grind him to
powder. Men and cliques a'nd parties may op-
pose and for a time postpone. But as sui-e as
to-morrow's sun shall rise, it will come. What-
soever stands in its way will be trampled in
pieces.
In conclusion, from the beginning, and from
before the beginning, any separation or destruc-
tion of the States, was made impossible. Under
the old Confederation, the Union of the States
was made '' perpetual. " And the Constitution
was formed to make a more "perfect Union."
To admit, therefore, either the right of States
to secede, or the power of Congress to ex-
pel them, would be to admit into our system
a principle of self-destruction wholly at war
with a perpetual or perfect Union. The Con-
stitution, every part of it, and the spirit which
gives it life, arc against peaceable secession ;
and that Constitution clothes the Government
which it creates with every human power to
prevent a separation by force of arms. Those
gigantic powers, which had slumbered so long
that the}' were wholly unknown to the world,
and hardly dreamed of by ourselves, have been
lately brought into full play.
Whatever may be said of the crime of the
rebellion, history will record it as one of the
most persistent, self-sacrificing, and tremendous
struggles the world ever saw ; both on the part
of the rebels, and on the part of the loyal people
of the United States. No other people upon
earth could have so resisted, and no other peo-
ple and no other Government could have over-
come such resistance.
But we did overcome it. We did prevent the
separation of these States from the Union by
force. Every law of Congress, every act of the
President, every blow we struck, every shot we
fired, every drop of blood we shed, was not to
thrust these States out, nor to open a way for
them to go out, nor to reduce them to Territo-
ries, but to keep them as States in the Union,
and compel them to remain intlie Union under
the Constitution. The flag of our country bears
thirty-six stars, as the emblem of a Union of
thirty-six States. Wherever it floats, over
this Capitol, at the head of our armies, in the
storm of battle, .and in the hour of victory,
over the sea as well as over the land, that sa-
cred ensign, which, next to the God of heaven,
we love and reverence as representing the
good, the great, and the true, everywhere bears
thirty-six stars, and thereby proclaims to the
world the great, fundamental, national truth,
there are thirty-six States in the Union, under
the Constitution. Thirty-six States constitute
that great Republic which the world calls the
United States of America. Upon " that line"
and under that flag wc began the great cam-
paign; upon that line and under that flag half a
million of our sons and fathers and brothers
have laid down their lives; upon that line and
under that flag we fought it out to victory, and
now, God helping me, I will continue to fight it
out on that line and under that flag to the end,
whoever else may abandon it.
[Applause in the galleries, which was checked
by the Presiding Officer.]
Mr. NESJIITH. I desire to address the Sen-
ate on the pending question, but it is now rather
late.
Mr. STEWART. With the permission of the
Senator from Oregon, I move that the Senate
do now adjourn.
Mr. NESMITII. I give way for that purpose.
personal explanation.
Mr. ORBS WELL. Before that motion is put,
I desire to say a word with the permission of the
Senate. I regret exceedingly that I was not in
my seat yesterday when the vote was taken on
the motion of my colleague to lay on the table
the resolution of the honorable gentleman from
Michigan,"[Mr. CirAxni.ER. ] ] regret it, sir, be-
cause if I had been present on that occasion I
should have voted in favor of the motion of my
colleague, and I should have done so in order
to express my decided and unqualified appro-
bation of the manner in which the President has
seen proper to conduct the questions with rela-
tion to our foreign policy with the Government
of Great Britain; and further to declare it to be
my opinion that it is better for the interests of
the nation that, for the present, all questions
touching those matters should remain in pre-
cisely the same attitude in which the President
has left them by his correspondence.
TIOUSU MILS UEFEIiliEP.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Before put-
ting the question on the motion to adjourn, the
Chair asks the indulgence of the Senate to pre-
sent two bills from the House for reference.
The joint resolution (H. It. Xo. 40) directing
the Secretary of War to postpone the sale of
public property at Point Lookout, Maryland,
was read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The bill (PI. R. No. 81) to regulate the times
and places of holding the district court of the
United States within and for the district of
Maine, was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. STEWART. I renew my motion.
The motion wa.s agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP ItEPRESENTATIVES.
wednesday, January 17,1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Eev. 0. B. Boyis'tow.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of committees for re-
ports, the pending business being the bill re-
ported yesterday from the Committee "oir the
Judiciary (H. R. No. 26) to incorporate tlie
United States Mutual Protection Homestead
Company, on which Mr. Botjtwell was entitled
to the floor.
deposits of public money.
Mr. LONGYEjAR, by unanimous consenj,
offered the following resolution :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Treasury be di-
rected to inform this House with qrhat States, if any,
deposits of the public money were made, under sec-
tions thirteen and fourteen of an act entitled " An a«t
to regulate the deposits of the public money," ap-
proved Juno 23, 18311, together with the dates' and
amountsofsuchdcposits respectively, and whether the
same, or any, and what amounts thereof still remain
so deposited, and with what States respectively.
The SPEAKER. This being a call for exec-
utive information, unanimous consent is neces-
sary for its consideration on this day.
There being no objection, the resolution was
considered, and agreed to.
delegate from axuzona.
Mr. BLAINE. I rise to a question of privi-
lege, and present the credentials of Hon. john
N. Goodwin, Delegate-elect from the Territory
of Arizona, who is present and ready to take
the oath.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am requested by
a gentleman contesting the seat of that gentle-
man to ask to have the credentials read.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make a statement
connected with this matter.
The SPEAKER. If there is no objection, it
may be made.
Mr. BLAINE. The election in Arizona took
place on the first Wednesday in September last."
The law of the Territory requires returns to be
made, certified by the acting secretary of the
Territory, to the Governor within a specified
number of days. They were so certified, and
the Governor of the Territory having himself
the highest number of votes in the election, cer-
tified the returns and forwarded the credentials
to the Clerk of this House, and his name was
called on the roll on the first day of the session,
just in the same manner that Representatives-
elect were called. But unwilling to let it rest
there, Mr. Goodwin presents credentials in du-
plicate, certified by Mr. McCormick, then sec-
retary, and now acting Governor of the Terri-
tory, which credentials I now send to the Clerk's
desk and ask to have read.
The Clerk read the credentials, as follows r
THE GOVERNOR OF THE TERRITORY OP ARIZONA,
2b all whom these presents come, greeting:
Whereas the assistant secretary of the Territory of
Arizona, on the 2d day of October, A. D. 1865, haa
certified to me that returns have been received of the
election held 011 the first Wednesday of September, A.
D. 1865, for Delegate in Congress from this Territory for
the term commencing March 4,1865, from all tho coun-
ties in said Territory, and that John IsT. Goodwin,
in said Territory, has the largest number of votes;
Therefore,
i hereby declare John N. Goodwin to be duly and
legally elected Delegate in Congress from the Terri-
toiy of Arizona for the term aforesaid.
In testimony whereof I havehcrounto set my hand
and caused to be affixed the great seal of the
[l« s.] Territory of Arizona. Done at Prcscott, this
30th day of November, in the year of our
Lord 1865.
RICHARD C. McCORMICK,
Aetinq Governor.
Mr. coopwint then appeared and was qual-
ified by taking the oath to support the Consti-
tution of the United States under the act of July
2, 1802.
BAYOU SARA MAIL COMPANY.
Mr, SMITH, by "unanimous consent, intro-
duced a jointrcsolutionforthe relief of theNew
Orleans Bayou Sara Mail Company; which was
read a first and second time, and referx-ed to tha
Committee on the Judiciary,
