4220
$ OOTOEESSI0NAL GLOBE.
July '27,
here against the admission Of these new States.
1 cannot understand, wliy States that-come here
■with virgin robes, States upon whose skirts hang
none of the fumes or fragrance of rebellion,
should be thus criticised, thus analyzed, thus
animadverted upon, before they can be admitted
into this Union.
Mr, COWAN. How old is she? She is not
eighteen yet;
Mr. NYE. My friend from Pennsylvania
inquires how old is she. She has not seen
many years as yet, but she will improve in that
respect. To-day while this nation is in travail
-with the birth of a State, my friends from Penn-
sylvania and Wisconsin and Indiana are trying
to prevent it. Sir, this question of the admis-
sion of new States into this Union is not a new
one by any means. It is as old as the original
thirteen States; and no event in our histoi'y
has been hailed with more joy and gladness
than the birth of a new Slate and the setting
of a new star in the galaxy of our Union.
Now, sir, the real objection—and I desire to
state it in ft few words—to the admission of this
State is that she has been guilty of sending here
loyal men, men who have borne the burden in
the heat of the day of this rebellion, men who
have been scarred in the conflict. The Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania [Mr. Buckai.ew] says
they can be of no use here because wo are
within so few hours of an adjournment. Sir,
who knows what hour there may be_a call for
an extra session of this Congress ? Who knows
but what upon the votes of these men may hang
the destinies of this Republic ? And yet we are
gravely told bythe complaisantandalwaysquict
Senator from Pennsylvania that wo are within
so many hours of the close of the session with
as much meekness, for which quality he is al
ways famous, as though the close of this ses-
sion was the end of this Kepublic. I expect
that the groat business of this Jiepublic will
roll on after this Senate has adjourned and after
wc are all dead.
But wo are told bythe Senator from Indiana
that there are evidences of fraud. After he
made his assertion 1 stepped back to the sola
behind me and talked with .ludge Kellogg,
who was the canvasser of those votes, and he
says it was never claimed, and that by but one
man, that more than nineteen soldiers voted;
that only nineteen soldiers overclaimed to vote,
and upon I hat there was contradictory testi-
mony; and that the nineteen who did vote said
they had taken up their residence in the Terri-
tory of Nebraska and were going to continue
to reside t here and do reside there. Where is
the evidence of fraud? The Senator from In-
diaua says the majority is not large enough.
Sir, a majority of one, under our institutions,
is just as potent as a majority of one hundred
thousand.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 do not-lileo to inter-
rupt a very elegant passage, but as the Senator
is going ott'on to something that is very line, 1
waul to say to him that I did not say what he
understands rue to have said.
Mr. NYE. I understood the Senator to say
distinctly (without any reference to fine pas-
sages) that this majority was very small, not
large enough to be emphatic, in substance.
Does the Senator deny that lie said that?
Sir. HENDRICKS. If the Senator under-
takes to answer an argument he should answer
it exactly as it was stated. I said that the re-
ported majority of one hundred ought not to
control our action here when there is an aver-
ment of fraud ; that if the charge of fraud ex-
tended to a small vote and the majority reported
was large, then it would bo a different case.
Mr, NYE. I submit that I have done the
Senator no wrong.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I did not say that a
majority of one vote would not be sufficient if
it was established.
Mr. NYE. I have done the Senator no
wrong, but I accept his amendment. I say to
him in reply that a majority of one hundred is
no more evidence of fraud than a majority of
1 ten thousand. The presumption is the other
way. Now, sir, I noticed on the admission of
the State of Colorado, or the attempt to admit
her, that these same arguments were used.
We were told that the population was small
and that they were not entitled even to a Rep-
resentative. Sif, one thing should be borpe
in mind of Nebraska. To-day one of the most
important works of this nation, which is pro-
gressing with wonderful rapidity, is peopling
that State as Pennsylvariia was never jieopled;
I mean in point of numbers and rapidity; and
the great interest surrounding that great work,
the Pacific railroad, requites at the hands of
every one of us that protection which can only
be given by State laws. I havehad some ex-
perience both in a Territory and in a State, and
as I said upon the question of admitting Col-
orado the laws of a Territory are insufficient
to give protection in detail to the vast interests
surrounding such a work.
Mr. President, the Democrats have learned
to speak of Lincoln now with kindly words and
express sentiments of deep sympathy at his
taking off. The State which I have the honor
in part to represent came into this U-nion under
the very same law that Nebraska seeks to come
in under now ; she had in her constitution the
same provision in regard to white voting that
there is in this; and yet, sir, that great and
good man hastened to admit her, and hailed
her admission as an accession of some account
in the then condition of the country. He not
only admitrcd hor but hastened to admit her
by telegraph, and that State was in that way,
and under the same law that this State seeks
admission under, born into this Union and in-
augurated. I should be recreant to the inter-
ests of others that had the same permission if I
did not advocate the admission of Nebraska.
Now, sir, it is a well-known fact that, the
State of Nebraska, agricultural as' she is stated
to be by the Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Buckaj.eW; J is filling up with wonderful rapid-
ity ; agrcatnational workgoesthroughherentire
borders from one end of the Slate to the other;
and while wo are legislating and before the
next session of Congress convenes, that work
will have reached the borders of Nebraska and
penetrated into Colorado.
Mr. President, I must confess my astonish-
ment that gentlemen on the other side who are
struggling by eveiy means to bring into this
Chamber States of questionable loyalty—no,
sir, not States of questionable loyalty, but .States
whose disloyalty is as undoubted now as it was
tile day they were in arms—that men moved
by the great democratic principles that they
profess to be moved by, should attempt to keep
out the new States that are knocking at our
doors for admission. I said on the admission
of Colorado that the necessities of this day de-
manded that there should be a row of States
across this continent in order to protect- the
great works that are now being constructed. I
repeat it now. It is the necessity ofthe hour ;
it is the necessity of the time; and he who
studies closely the logic of the times will see
that 1 am correct.
My friend from Massachusetts said that, he
regretted his friend from Ohio could not rise
to the magnitude of this question. My friend
from Massachusetts will excuse me for saying
that I regret that he cannot rise to the magni-
tude and importance of this event. I regret
that in his argument and in his action he can-
not let go of that old anchorage of his, upon
which he has rode out so many storms, and
ride upon safer anchorage in a State-regularly
admitted into the Union, instead of an irregu-
lar, inefficient territorial organization. He says
the word "white" is in this constitution. So
it is. So it was in the constitution of the State
of Nov.trla, and yet the lamented Lincoln hesi-
tated not a moment to admit her. The Sena-
tor says that it is not republican. Upon that
question I take issue with him. It may not be,
in the fullest sense, republican ; but it is re-
publican in the sense in which every State since
the original thirteen has been admitted into
this Union.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Except Vermont.
Mr. NYE. I am willing to except Vermont.
She votes against -the admission of all these
States; and" I am not certain but that if the
original question was up on the admission of
Vermont, more perplexing questions might
arise. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If thp honorable Sen-
ator will give way, I should like- to move an
■executive session. It is necessary to have one.
There are important nominations which should
be referred fo,tlie appropriate committees.
Mr. NY®. I am not going to occupy more
than a -moment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE: If we can have a vote.,
I do not wish to interrupt the Senator.
Mr. NYE. The Senator-from Wisconsin had
all last night to himself to fix up executive
matters. [Laughter.]
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Too much to myself,
I admit; but it.is necessary that.this business
should be attended to if we expect to adjourn
to-day.
Mr. NYE. Sir, the necessities of the ques-
tion under consideration are not overshadowed
bythe necessities of the appointment of any man
to office. It is a question of whether a new_ State
shall bo born into this Union;,andI submit that
that question is far higher and greater-than the
question of who shall be postmaster at Chico-
pee or anywhere else. [Laughter.]
Now, Mr. President, any evil that could re-
sult from the word "white" has been cured
to a great extent by the civil rights bill.
That bill has clothe*! _ every man with citi-
zenship ; and I agree with what was said when
that civil rights jjill was under consideration by
the Senator from Delaware, now absent, [Mr.
Saulsbury,] that the judge-was yetliving_ who
would declare under it that every iborn citizen
of this country bad a right to vote. I repeat
it, sir, that when -that civil rights bill was
passed it did away with all quibbles upon this
word "white," and the man who is clothed in
the habiliments of citizenship will yet be de-
clared by the highest judicial tribunal of this
country entitled to cast his vote if we never
legislate another bill about'it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Does -the Senator mean
in spite of this constitution, if it is adopted ?
Mr. NYE. Y'es, sir; I mean in spite of all
constitutions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. You are in favor, then, of
admitting a State, with a constitution which is
unconstitutional in itself, if I may use such an
expression.
Mr. NYE. Does that follow?
Mr. EDMUJSfDS. I say it does.
Mr. -NYE. I think it does not. I do not
■so understand it, with all respect for .the legal
hair-splitting of -my distinguished friend. Let
mc sayih answer to thegentleman, who seems
to sit down so satisfied with his inquiry to me,
that the -constitution of the State of Nevada
provides that United States Senators shall be
elected on a certain day and in a certain rum-
ner in the State of Nevada. Yesterday a bill
was passed through both'Houscs of Congiess
prescribing the manner in which United Staf<3ti
Senators Shall-bo elected in all the States. Will
the Senator from Vermont tell me whether that
law will prevail in Nevada or the provision of
the State constitution ?
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will fell the Senator
with great -satisfaction. The Constitution of
the United States confers express power upon
this Congress to override all State constitutions
and laws by an express grant of power on that
very pomt. Therefore anything contained in
the constitution of Nevada or any other State
does not touch,the question when we come to
act upon it. I think that is perfectly plain to
anybody.
Air. NYE. I thank the Senator for his very
truthful admission—I knew it before he told
me—that the laws of Congress override State
constitutions and laws.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Constitution.
Mr. NYE. Certainly. 1 concede to that: and
so I concede and assert the other thing, that
when the Supreme Court of the; United States
declares under the-Constitution that every cit-
izen is clothed witb the>righto'f the ballot, that
