THE eONaRESSKMAL GLOBE.
Marcfe 12,
toiwfc of competition with those entering' the
fnited States from the Provinces,"which is
Buffalo. The freights that we-have to pay on
the lines of railroad will' cost us more than
twenty per cent, to get our animals from- the
Mississippi to Buffalo where they come in com-
petition with the animals of the Provinces.
When- we- get them there _we wish to have a
small protection, and' on that we will insist.
Mr. COOK. I- suppose that, according to
the views that have been advanced heretofore
fry the gentle-man from New York, [Mr.
get beef in New York both cheaper and fatter
than he has ever got it before. That I under-
stand to be the logical deduction from the
argument which ho used to present; I do not
know whether he presents it now.
A day or two ago the gentleman fromrMary-
land [Mr. p. Thomas] appealed successfully to
this House to have the tariff raised upon coal.
The reasons urged by the gentleman were these:
first, that the coal of Maryland, having a large
land transportation, could not compete suc-
cessfully with the coal of New Brunswick on
the sea-board, which is the pointof competition.
He also insisted that free trade in coal had been
disastrous to the miners of Maryland and the
coal- interests of Maryland. And the House
adopted his reasoning by raising the tariff on
coal. Now, upon the same principle, as the
coal of Maryland could not compete with the
coal of New Brunswick until it got to the sea-
board, the point of competition, no more can
western agricultural products competc witli the
products of Canada until we come to Buffalo;
and inasmuch as Now Brunswick coal at the
point of competition costs less than Maryland
coal, so the agricultural products of Canada at
the point of competition cost less than the prod-
ucts of Illinois and Iowa. These tilings are so.
Strike off this protection, and the agricultural
interests of Illinois are precisely where the
coal interests of Maryland would be without
protection.
Now, there should bo some little protection
of the agricultural interests of the West, to en-
able onr agriculturists to compete successfully
with the agriculturists of Canada at the point
of competition, and that is Buffalo. 1 call the
attention of the committee to this fact, that in
raising the tariff upon the different articles
mentioned in this bill, we have raised the tariff
upon fish, upon dried cod-fish and mackerel,
the only things from New England used to any
extent m Illinois and Iowa. Yon have raisctl
the tariff on coal, which enters into the value
of every article of machinery which we use, of
evcryfarmingimplemcnt we use, for their price
is graduated to some extent by the price of coal.
Yon have raised the price of these things upon
us in the West by the alterations made in this
tariff since it has been reported to this House.
1 believe, and I am willing to say it here, that
the, system of internal revenue and of the tariff
have been so arranged in this House as to op-
erate most injuriously upon the agricultural in-
terests of the West, and if western men think as
I do about this matter, we will contrive some
means to have a fair show in this matter in time
to come. If wo are called upon t.o protect
eastern interests, and to adjust, our tariff for
protection, we must have them adjusted in such
a manner that we of the West and our interests
shall receive equal protection.
Mr. KI5LLEY. Mr. Chairman, I think that
my constituents are as fond of good beef and
consume as much of it as the constituents of
the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks.]
Yet I am in favor of imposing the duty pro-
posed, and that on very broad general princi-
ples. We need in this countrymen and capital
to develop our resources. Our legislation has
been such as to repel emigration and to induce
our own citizens of energy and capital to go to
Canada. The reciprocity treaty had that effect.
During the last ten years a million and a half
of emigrants who should have settled in this
country have gone to Canada. In addition to
that, many of our own citizens, in consequence
of our system of taxation, have gone to that
country'and built up there factories and other
establishments, .
I would make beef as cheap as the gentle-'
man from New York desires to make it; but
I would do it by striking off the absurd tax
in the internal revenue act upon slaughtered
animals, thus equalizing the matter so that our
legislation this session should have no special
effect upon the price of beef; for if we remove
the internal revenue tax it will about counter-
balance this.
Sir, the object which I would seek in legis-
lating on this subject is-to put Canada in the
same position in which all other foreign nations
are. I propose that she shall have no benefac-
tions from us; that we shall leave her to the
tender mercies of Great Britain, who soon will
so impoverish her that our own citizens who
have gone there will return to us to give us the
benefit of their capital and their enterprise, and
the emigrants from the other side of the Atlantic
will come to the United States instead of going
to Canada.
I am therefore in favor of putting this tax
upon living animals, and inducing our own peo-
ple to raise a larger supply. T desire that our
people shall be so prosperous that the Cana-
dians, feeling«khe injurious influence of the Brit-
ish Government, shall compare their condition
with that of ourselves, living on kindred soil
and so near to them, and shall find that' to be*
the colonists of Great Britain, unless patron-
ized as they have been for the last ten years
by the Republic of America, is to occupy a
degraded position.
Mr. COOK. I withdraw my amendment to
the amendment.
Mr. HULBURD. I move to amend the
amendment by adding the following:
Provided, That milch cows be admitted on a duty
ad valorem of twenty per cent.
The interest which this amendment proposes
to care for will not compete or conflict with any
of the interests of the Northwest, which has
such strenuous advocates here. The amend-
ment proposes to protect the dairy interests not
only of the northeastern but other large States,
my own State in particular, and, to a certain
extent, Pennsylvania. There can be no pre-
tense that the Northwest or the West will fur-
nish milch cows for us of the East that we may
make butter and cheese. I hope, therefore,
that gentlemen from the West and Northwest
will not object to this amendment, so that if
the duty on other living animals is to be raised
milch cows will be allowed to comc in at the
old rate of twenty per cent., as proposed by
the committee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I hope
that this proposition for an increased duty on
living animals will not prevail. I look upon
this as a question of cheap or dear beef. Now,
sir, if there is any particular in which the pub-
lic at large have been imposed upon, it is by
the combinations of drovers and others by
which the price of beef has been raised to an
exorbitant figure. The high price of beef has,
during the last few years, been a subject of
universal complaint; and I for one do not want
to impose an increased duty so as to afford
those who have engaged in these combinations
the opportunity to raise the price of beef still
higher; for the mass of the people are even
now almost debarred from the use of that arti-
cle.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to say one word
in response to a single point suggested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.]
He has said that if wo repeal the internal rev-
enue duty on slaughtered animals it will just
about counterbalance what is proposed here,
and therefore will not affect the price of beef.
I desire to suggest to him that if he had looked
a little more carefully at the features of the
two cases, he probably might not have made
that statement. On slaughtered animals now
we pay forty cents ahead on part and five cents
a head on part; we pay ten cents a head on
swine and five cents a head on sheep. The °-on-
tleman argues that if this internal tax upon
slaughtered animals is remitted it will be*fequiv-
alentto thirty per cent, ad valorem, on livestock.
I simply suggest to the gentleman that if he
had considered the subject more thoroughly he
would- not have made that statement.
Mr. HULBURD. I will withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment, and will move it at
the end of'the section.
Mr. CHANLER. I renew the amendment
to the amendment. The whole character of
this bill is illustrated in this section. It is a
practical violation, as I understand it, .of the
Constitution of the United States, especially of
that provision which asserts that no tax shall
be laid on articles exported from any State; and
that provision which declares that no prefer-
ence shall be given by any regulation of com-
merce or of revenue to the products of one State
over those of another.
Now, gentlemen propose here to adjust the
provisions of this bill to suit one section or an-
other, to anticipate the tariff, to protect one
interestwhile they sacrifice every other interest
which has not had a full hearing in the arrange-
ment and making of this bill. The beef, the
mutton, the wool, every interest, every manu-
facture, every production, except it be, as gen-
tlemen claim, some of the far West, are fully
looked after in this bill. The first interest of
Iowa, the mutton interest, finds an admirable
representative on this floor.
The section which I have the honor in part
to represent does not ask you to give us any
protection in this matter. We ask the oppor-
tunity of finding the best and cheapest market
for what we want. Wo want you to restore to
us that harmony and that balance of interest
which can only come by a restoration of the
whole Union. We wish' such an honest and
fair adjustment of the interests of this whole
country as can only be had by having this House
organized by a full and thorough representa-
tion of the whole country. It is not a question
of interest to the Stale of New York whether
Our beef is cheap and our cotton dear. We
want by the results of our enterprise in the past
to be able to enter into fair competition with
the capitalists of the whole world. And follow-
ing the principles and policy which have been
a source of prosperity to this country in the
past, we wish to open up trade not only with
Canada but with the whole world.
Mr. SMITH. I had not intended to say any-
thing upon this subject, but as I come from a
grain-growing country, a cotton-growing coun-
try, a hog and corn country, I desire to answer
briefly some remarks that have been made here.
1 am satisfied that the only way in which this
country can pay its debts, the only way in which
the people can bo prosperous, is by giving to
all our citizens of every avocation of life the
fullest and completest protection. Therefore
I am for increasing the tariff upon animals im-
ported from other countries.
And I know that it would be impossible for
the people of Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana, Illi-
nois, or any other State of the West, in trans-
porting our products to New York, or the New
England States at the present rates to compete
with animals brought from Canada. I know
that the eastern portions of our country have
demanded and obtained national legislative pro-
tection upon their manufacturing interests, and
I am willing to give our manufacturing inter-
ests full protection by a proper prof ectivc tariff,
I am willing to accord to them all they can gain
by that. I stand here as the friend of their in-
terests. But while I do that, I ask that as a re-
ciprocal favor, ay, as a reciprocal duty to the
great producing sections of the country, they
shall also give us equal protection.
Now, I believe the protection of the one gives
protection and advancement to the other. The
protection of manufactures in a proper degree
gives protection to the grain-growing and pro-
ducing elements of the country. Why do you
ask us to give protection to the woolen manu-
facture, to the cottgn manufacture, or to any-
thing else that you make in the East, in the
New England States, when you propose to bring
us into competition with the people on the other
