1866.
TfSE, CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
overrides your . State l&yrs aad constitutions;
and I should liketo see the Senator split upon
that. [Laughter.]
Mr. EDMUNDS,. That is not the rock on
which I have split.
Mr. NYE. Now, Mr. President, if Sena-
tors around me had left me alone, I should
have been through long ago ; but my consci-
entious friend from Massachusetts, I am terri-
bly afraid, mistakes twinges of dyspepsia for
constitutional scruples. [Laughter.]
Mr. SUMNER. I never had the dyspepsia
in my life.
Mr. NYE. I am glad to hear it; it is some
other disease then. [Laughter.] This word
"white" is the nightmare of his mind; but
even his own State—a State that 1 honor and
respect—'does not let all the black people vote,
rror all the white people either. It requires
them to. be able to read and write. My friend,
being so learned, thinks that the standard of
manhood. Sir, to all this squeamishness I
Object in toto. 1 can well account for the op-
position coming from the other side. They
do not want two Republican Senators here.
If Nebraska had sent two of a different color,
they would have viewed this case altogether
differently. My friend from Wisconsin [Mr.
Doolittle] would not. have made a labored
argument against the admission of Nebraska
if she had sent here two Senators to support
"my policy." Sir, these doubts and these
objections that are raised rest upon two things
that I do not acknowledge. The one on the
other side rests in a political idea, not a prin-
ciple ; the one on this side from a conscien-
tious scrupulousness that ought not to exist.
It would take the magnifying power of the
strongest microscope on earth to scrape up a
conscience so fine as should scruple on this
question.
Mr. President, I insist upon it that this vote
shall not be postponed, but that it shall be
taken now. Every man who desires to broaden
the base of this Republic, to set new stars in
the national galaxy, youthful, vigorous, that
have come through this war purged in the very
fires of purification, should vote to admit these
States ; and I will say to my Democratic friends
on the other side that just as last as they will
bring men here with loyal principles, backed
by a loyal constituency, I will vote to take
back the rebellious States though their sins be
as red as scarlet.
Mr. SUMNER. It seems to me that the
proposition of the Senator from Indiana is en-
tirely reasonable. He has given us a glimpse
of at least a possible fraud in the votes by
which this Territory undertook to change itself
into a State, and the excellent chairman of our
committee, when interrogated on the subject,
had no positive information which he could
give in reply. Under the circumstances, there-
fore, I think we ought to send this again to the
committee that the committee may give us the
information which the chairman was not able
to give.
But there is one pointinthis matter to which
I have not .heard attention called, and on which
I should like light from- the chairman of the
committee. I do not understand how the
constitution of Nebraska comes before us now.
Has it been communicated to us by any mes-
sage of the President? Has the President
invited our consideration of this question ? It
will be remembered that the question of Col-
orado came before us on a special message
from the President transmitting the constitu-
tion and inviting for it the consideration of
Congress.
Mr. B UCK ALEW. If the Senator will per-
mit me to interrupt him ■
Mr. SUMNER. Certainly ; I should like to
have information on that point.
Mr. BUCKALEW. ThePresidentalso com-
municated officially information in connection
with his message. He gave us the particulars
of the proceeding and explained how the con-
stitution came to be adopted.
Mr. SUMNER. In the case of Colorado?
Mr. BUCKALEW. Yea, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. But we have no informa-
tion from the Executive in the case of Ne-
braska. It is- on that that I xnake my appeal
to the chairman of the committee. We all
know that the case of Colorado yyas initiated
in this body on a special message of the Presi-
dent communicating to us the constitution and
and also setting, forth the circumstances at-
tending the adoption of the constitution. Prom
that we expressly learned how the constitution
was adopted. We saw the flaw in the pro-
ceedings. We had them all before us ; and it
was then that the Senate entered into a con-
sideration of them. Now, we had no such in-
formation with regard to Nebraska. I should
like to know how these papers come before
us. What evidence have we on this subject?
Certainly there is none that has been laid be-
fore us officially. The chairman of the com-
mittee may have papers in his drawer. He
may have received by the mail communica-
tions possibly from the Governor or from other
persons; but there has been no official com-
munication made to the Senate on the subject.
There is nothing official ou which to base these
proceedings; and yet, in the absence of any-
thing of that nature, we are asked to drive
post-haste this bill through the Senate in this
last day of the session, when the honorable
chairman himself is not possessed of all the
information with reference to the character of
this election.
There is another circumstance which, it
seems to me, is an unanswerable argument for
the reference of this question to acornmittee. I
wish a committee—it may l)e that of the Sen-
ator from Ohio—but I wish a committee to
take this whole subject into most careful con-
sideration, to look into this question of fraud,
to report to us'positively the number of votes
cast, the majority, and the circumstances at-
tending the election, and otherwise to give us
official information on the whole subject. At
present we have no official information. All
this, it seems to me. is an unanswerable argu-
ment for the reference.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to prolong this
discussion, because I know very well where all
the opposition comes from, and I know very
well why it conies from the quarter that it does.
The Senator from Massachusetts has a certain
one idea that covers the whole ground. He
says the papers are not official, £ will not say
that the Senator is not honest in the opposition
that he makes to this measure. All the oppo-
sition that, he really has to it is becausc they
put the word "white" in their constitution.
If they had not done that, the papers might
have been official or unofficial and he would
have been as strong an advocate for it as I am;
but that lining his real objection, he rims around
into (he circuit of imagination to see if he can-
not drum up something as a make-weight against
the admission of this State. He says we have
not sufficient information ; there is some terrible
mystery brooding over it. Sir, I never expect
to have the information that will enable me_to
answer all that the imagination of the enemies
of this measure can conjure up. You have
nothing impeaching these proceedings—not
the first tiling.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. Gibbs.
Mr. WADE. Mr. Gibbs has been to see me
since he was spoken of, and he tells me he has
ever been the strongest advocate for the admis-
sion of this State, and he says he told the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, who averred so affirma-
tively, and pledged his honor for the affirmation,
that lie only stated what he did say upon hear-
say ; that he was not a party to it at all; that
lie only picked it up as other gentlemen pick
up their rumors; and the Senator from Wis-
consin pledged his honor upon that! That
man was not sought by me, but ho sought me
and gave information that I could go on and
detail to the Senate; and yet I am challenged
upon it and upon all the stuff that gentlemen
can conjure up here in opposition to this meas;
ure.
We are not informed, says the Senator from
Massachusetts. What are we not informed of?
l'h&ve no information, abput-what gentlemen's
imaginations may conjure up witk jtregard .to
fraud. I aver there is n.o-j>roo£,<?f any fraud,
not even a reasonable suspicion of fraud j and
the man who would disparage the character of
a dog upon the information or the rumors that
^.re invoked here would not be. worthy to sit in
a judgment seat anywhere, - iWhat do you base
it on? You say there is no iuforwatiijri'ftbout
this. What .information to the contrary do ypii
suppose you have? Tell m,e where you wijl
get it. Why do you want to,send Iq a 'corii:
mittee* the mere breath of ma,n,. that: may be
blown away? and the men seek me td blow it
away. I do not know who they .are. Yp 
pledge your honor that the faefs. that you
state are facts, and then your witness sends for
me to tell me that he picked them up himself
from rumor, and that he is the advocate of the
admission of .the State, and believes it to he all
right. Sir, that is the sort of stuff that I have
had to combat here, that Jias been invoked to
overcome the testimony which has been re-
garded in the whole history of this Govern1
ment as all-sufficient for the admission of a
State: the certified facts of the officers of the
Government in charge of these records; and
that is to be blown away, not'by the people of
Nebraska, for I challenge, in my turn, the gen?
tlenien to comc forward and say that any man
who has any interest in tliis question eve?
alleged a single word in opposition to what I
seek, the admission of this State. No, sip;
your rumors come from the outside, and they
are poured into the cars of gentlemen from other
States, who volunteer here to be the guardians
of the people of Nebraska. They have not
asked you to be their guardians. No maa
stands here from Nebraska to oppose this
measure ; but the opposition comes from dis-
tant Indiana and from Wisconsin and some
other places that the Nebraska peojile never
heard of, and these rumors are dug up to pre-
vent our doing what a majority there want to
have done. That is all the substance there
is in all that you have said. Why, then,
should it be sent again before a committee?
Sir, it is a mere figment of the imagination,
the stuff that dreams are made of, and nothing
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The SenatoT from OliiOj
in his present remarks and in his remarks on
a former occasion, seemed .to speak of the
gentleman upon whose authority I made my
statement as if he w'ere a gentleman from Utah.
The Senator is entirely mistaken.
Mr. WADE. His name was Gibbs, was it
not?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. His name was Gibbs.
He has lived in Nebraska since 1854. He was
Speaker of the House in Nebraska in 1857. It
is true he was appointed marshal of the Terri-
tory of Utah by Mr. Lincoln, but his term has
expired, and he has returned and now resides
in Nebraska, at Nebraska City, and knows £11
about the facts; and I say to the honorable
Senator that he is a reliable gentleman.
Mr. WADE. Iam not impeaching Mr. Gibbs
at all. I believe he told me the truth when he
said that the people of Nebraska were in favor
of this measure, and that he had also been an
advocate for it himself, and was now. He told
me so to-day. He hunted me out to tell me
so. I did not know him before. You invoke
him as a witness against this admission, that it
is all tainted with fraud, and you pledge your
honor that the facts you state are facts, when
he says to me that he picked them up from
other sources!
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The gentleman for whom
I pledged my honor was a captain of one of the
companies of the first Nebraska regiment, who
stated to me that two of the companies of that
regiment were raised in Iowa, and the soldiers
of those companies voted in favor of this con-
stitution while they were in the Territory of
Nebraska; that those same soldiers voted, on
a commission from Iowa, for Governor Stone
at Fort Kearney, in Nebraska; that subsequent
to this voting they have been mustered out and
have gone home to Iowa where they reside. I
