3.866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3261
and telegraph, in accordance with the provisions of
this act, issue to said company bonds of the United
States of $1,000 each, payable in thirty years after
<late, bearing six per cent, interest per annum—said
interest payable semi-annually—which interest may
be paid in United States Treasury notes or any other
money or currency which the United States havo or
shall declare lawful money and alegal tender, to the
amount of sixteen of said bonds for each section of
forty miles."
They were required by tliat act to complete
a section of forty miles before they were to re-
ceive any subsidy from the United States, and
on the completion of each section of forty miles
they were to receive $16,000 per mile in Gov-
ernment bonds as a subsidy. By the act of 1864,
section ten, the law upon the subject lias been
modified, and reads in this way:
"That section five of said act be so modified and
amended that the Union Pacific Bailroad Company,
the Central Pacific Railroad Company, and any other
company authorized to participate in the construction
of said roads may"—
Here is the language to which I desire to call
the particular attention of the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts—
" may, on the completion of each section of said road
as provided in this act and the act to which this act is
an amendment, issue their first mortgage bonds on
their respective railroad and telegraph lines to an
amount not exceeding the amount ot the bonds of the
United States and of even tenor and date, time of
maturity, rate and character of interest with the
bonds authorized to ho issued to said railroad com-
panies respectively."
It will be seen by this that in the act of 18G4
the right to mortgage their railroad was granted
to the company; but they are actually re-
strained by tile very terms of that act from
executing any mortgage upon their road except
by sections as they shall be fully completed.
By this act the company are bound before they
can execute any mortage upon their road to
complete the sections which are covered by the
mortgage. How much of the main stem have
they completed? Not, a rod; not an inch.
They have, as I have been credibly informed,
completed themostof the Omahabranch, which
is a mere branch road but subject to the same
provisions. They have, beyond all doubt, a
right to mortgage that branch ; but they have
not a right according to my humble judgment
to mortgage a single foot of any other liuo of
road which belongs to them ; and if they have
made a mortgage covering, as the Senator from
Massachusetts tells us, the whole of their line
of road and taken it to Europe and endeavored
to borrow money upon it, they have, according
to my judgment, acted by no means in accord-
ance with the plain provisions of their charter.
Mr. CONNESS. it would be a fiaud if they
had done it, but they have not done it.
Mr. IIO VvAUD. I say nothing about fraud :
I am simply talking about their power under
their charter, and 1 say that under the charter
of 18U4 they havo no right to mortgage a single
foot of their line upon which the road has not
been completed and put in running order. It
would, however, to be unfair for me to stop at,
thai, point,; and I beg leave to refer the Senate
to a subsequent aet passed March 3, 18Uo,
which provides that " the said companies are
hereby authorized to issue respectively their
bonds to the extent of one hundred miles in
advance of a continuous completed line of con-
struction," so that under (he law as it exists
at present (.hey have a right undoubtedly to
mortgage their road to the extent of one hun-
dred miles in advance of their continuous com-
pleted section and no further.
How, then, I ask the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts, is it that that company has ex-
ecuted a mortgage upon its whole line, and
taken it to Europe and offered it as a security
for a loan of money? I have heard of this lie-
fore; it may be so possibly ; I will not deny
the existence of the fact; but I call the serious
attention of the Senate to that fact, if it shall
turn out to bo such, as one which, according
to my idea, is in violation of the charter of the
company. I should dislike exceedingly to see
it turn out to be true that they had placed such
a security in any of the markets of Europe as
a basis for a loan of money.
Another word. sir. By tho terms of the
charter of the Union Pacific Company they
should by this time have raised by regular
assessments upon their stockholders a sum
of not less than $20,000,000 for the purpose
of carrying on their work. We have a right,
therefore, to presume that the stockholders
have already contributed out of their private
pockets at least the sum of $20,000,000 for the
purpose of carrying on this work. I am not
able, therefore, to see, I confess, the necessity
of their going into the markets of Europe or
of this country with such a mortgage, espe-
cially as has been described to us, for the pur-
pose of borrowing money. It is said that they
have paid out some sixteen million dollars in
the prosecution of their work. If that be so
they ought to have $4,000,000 on hand, hon-
estly paid in by the stockholders, now.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 was a little astonished to
hear the honorable Senator from Massachusetts
make the statements that ho did. I am well
persuaded that if the Senator understood the
ease closely by his own investigations, ho would
nothave made those statements. I know whence
the statements come, because they have come
before us in tho same words but in another
form. It is enough for me to say that while I
believe the Senator was, of course, under the
impression that they were correct, they are
entirely incorrect.
First, as to the execution of mortgages as
alleged by the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany over its entire line. I cannot say, of
course, that they have not executed such mort-
gages, but it has been shown by the chairman
of the Pacific Railroad Committee that if they
have, thev havo simply violated the law, and
the securities they havo given to any such cred-
itor or creditors, or securities obtained by that
means, are very bad securities indeed.
Mr. President, I only rose to correct one or
two of the errors that the Senator has fallen
into or been led into by others. He alluded to
the Central Pacific Railroad Company. I think
the Senator might have consulted some of us
who, perhaps, know all about what that com-
pany have done and are doing before he under-
took to state what they had or had not done.
That company, let me say to the Senator and
the Senate, havo been engaged, as gentlemen
can ascertain from the Interior Department,,
to which now all the information connected
with the carrying on of the Pacific railroad and
all its branches comes, with the most remark-
able energy, with an energy and means supe-
rior to any other company engaged in con-
structing any part of the Pacific railroad since
they began, and the results that they have pro-
duced have won not only the admiration of
the people of tho Slate in which they are con-
structing their work, but the admiration of the
Interior Department, who superintend that
work.
The Sierra Nevada mountains, than which
there is no impediment like them on the whole
route of the Pacific railroad and all its branches,
and which were regarded as ail insuperable
objection for a long time to tho construction
of the Pacific railroad, have been not only suc-
cessfully overcome, but, as I said before, the
manner in which that obstacle has been over-
come lias secured the admiration of all who
have been witnesses of the great feat that has
been accomplished. I hold in my hand now
a letter received this morning dated Sacra-
mento, California, May 23, written by the sec-
retary of state of that State, containing a para-
graph relating to what that company are doing.
It is a very short one, and I shall be excused
for reading it: " The railroad,'' meaning the
Central Pacific railroad, "is being pushed
ahead with great vigor. They have now over
nine thousand men employed. The cars will
be running to Dutch I<'lat, seventy-five miles
from Sacramento, in twenty days," which is
before this time. Besides that, tho work is
being done upon their line over and across
the summit of the Sierra Nevada mountains.
Enough for that.
Now, I ask the Senator from Massachusetts,
and I know he is a candid man, whether, if tho
second section of this bill shall pass, in case
the Central Pacific Railroad Company should
not be able to build as fast as I say they will,
it will hinder the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany, in any respect whatever, from going with
their road to the State line of California? I
am sure I know the answer of the Senator,
because it must be that it will not. The section
provides that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany shall build until they meet a completed
continuous line of the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, and then it provides that the Central
Pacific Railroad Company of California shall
build until they shall meet a continuous com-
pleted line of tho Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany. Does the Senator not want that? Does
the Senate not want that ? Does the country not
want that? Have we passed a Pacific railroad
hill and made those mighty appropriations of
the public treasure that a line across the con-
tinent shall be secured to a company, none
other being allowed to build tho road over it?
Certainly not. And in the act that gave these
great bonuses to the Pacific railroad companies
for constructing that great work, it was pro-
vided that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany should not only construct to the eastern
State line of California provided the Central
Pacific Railroad Company of California had
not reached that point, but that they should
construct through tho State of California until
they should meet the Central Pacific Railroad
Company; and that was the law until in 1864
a change was produced in the law of this kind,
namely, that the Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany should build continuously westward, but
the Central Pacific Railroad Company should
build no further eastward than one hundred
and fifty miles east of the east line of the Stale
of California.
Mr. President, I ask the attention of every
Senator in the Senate to the statement I am
now about to make, and I challenge contra-
diction of it. IIow did that provision of law
obtain? How did it come to be the law? I will
tell you, Senators. In 1804 the Senate passed a
Pacific railroad bill; I had a copy of it before
mc this morning. The House of Representa-
tives passed another. 'The Senate refused to
pass the House bill, and the House refused to
pass the Senate bill; and tho matter was re-
ferred to a committee of conference upon the
questions of disagreement. In neither of those
bills did this arbitrary condition that I have
named, confining one of these great companies
to one hundred and fifty miles east of the Cali-
fornia line, occur. It was not in either bill;
theie was not a word or a tittle of it in either.
I was a member of the conference committee.
We met in the room of tho Committee on Pub-
lic Lands of the Senate. The honorable Sen-
ator who is now Secretary of tho Interior was
chairman of that conference. I sat there pend-
ing that entire conference. Point, by point the
differences between the two Houses were ar-
ranged and agreed upon, and I undertake to
say here that that arbitrary condition now in
the law, and in the law when it was printed,
never was considered in that conference. It
was stolen in through the corruption of some
parties and the clerk who eventually made up
the report. The report of that conference com-
mittee was presented here on the last day of
the session and compelled to be adopted with-
out examination. What I state cannot be con-
tradicted, and the Senate and Congress ought
to justify itself by a close inquiry as to who
dared to make laws for the Congress of the
United States.
Now, we propose to correct (hat, and how?
By anv infliction or denial of any right to the
great Union Pacific Railroad Company? No,
sir. There is not a man, woman, or child ill
the State of California to-day thai would not
be glad that tho Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany should construct the line into the State
of California, because their great want, need,
and desideratum is the construction of the road:
we want the road, and we want to confer as
much of the line on either side to each of these
companies as they can possibly construct, a road
over. This is the purpose of the second sec-
