1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2301
"Wade Hampton or any of his set. On the 10th
of February of last year General Howard in his
official report said:
" Themounted infantry crossed the Sal ndafirst, sup-
ported by some infantry of Geneml liazen'sdmsjon,
and pushed on rapidly,driving the enemy aerots the
Broad river. Tneattempt was to tave the bridge, but
it failed, since the bridge had been covered with rosin
and light-wood in such manner as to burst instanta-
neously into aflame: and this occurred even before
all the rebel cavalry had crossed over. The remnant
escaped northward." ******
"About 10 a. m„ February 1<, the mayor of Co-
lumbia, with a flag of truce, met Colonel &tone, and
formally surrendered tho city to him. The general-
in-chief had instructed mo to destroy certain public
buildings, but to spar© institutions of learning:, asy-
lums, and private dwellings.
• "I transmitted thes-o instructions to Major General
John A. Logan, whose troops were to have charge of
the city.
" lie directed Major General Woods to place suit-
ableguurds. As soon as the bridgo was completed, I
crossed with General Sherman, and lode to tho town
with him, adistanceof aboutthree miles. fhoground
was dry, tho wind blowing hard, so that the du-t
almost blinded us. As wo entered thocity the negroes
and many white people collocted at the corners of
tho streets, and greeted the general with loud cheer-
ing.
*4In the main street was a large quantity of cotton
partially consumed by fire. Somo men were at work
trying to extinguish the fire with a very poor engine.
We remarked that the loose cotton was blown about
in ove y direction, and tho shade trees wei e so com-
pletely covered with biis of cotton as to remind me
of a grove in MaincaLer a snow storm.
"The guards were carefully established in different
Street?', and seemed to be attending to their duty
very faithfully.
"I noticed afow men under theinfiucneoof liquor,
and immediately diiectcd that they should be placed
uudor guard. I have been thus particular in nar-
rating these preliminary incidents, because there
followed one of tho most terrific scenes that I have
ever witnessed, and wo aro charged by the 'rebels'
with its inception. Thinking everything was very
orderly and tho city police in tlie be*4 of hamK f
selected a house and hoped to get a lutle rest. But
it was hardly dark before afire broke out in the
vicinity of Main street and spread rapidly. J learned,
moreover, that quantities ot liquor had been given
to the soldicis by certain people, who hoped in thi>>
manner to conciliate thein and get their protection.
And it is eerl.iinly tiun that ln.myofour men and
gome of our officers were too mu< h under the influ-
ence of drink to pllow th'in to pioperly dix:h.ugo
their duty. Strenuous efforts however, were made
to arrest the tlauies. General Woods sent m a Irch
brigade, and ailoi ward General lfr/.cn still another.
"During the nigut, 1 met Generals Log.in. Woods,
and other general officers,and they werct.ikmgevery
possible inoafoue to stop the lire, and prevent disorder.
"Nevertheless, somo escaped prisoners, coin ids
from the penitcntiaiy, just bioken open, 'army-iol-
lowers,' and drunken soldieis, ran through house
after house, and were doubtless guilty of all manner
of villainies; and it is these men that I presume set
now fires further and further to the windward in the
northern part of the city.
"Old men, women, and children, with everything
they could get out, were herded together in the
streets. At somo places wo found officers and kind-
hearted ^oldieiN protecting families iiom the insults
and roughness of the carMe-s. Meanwhile the flames
made loaihil ravages- and magnificentreMdenees and
churches were consumed in a very lew mtnuu><.
"After about two third* of the city, all the busi-
ness part of the town, including the old Slate llmhc.
had been destroyed, the wind shifted to the ea-d, and
tbe fire was stayed.
" The noxtmorning showed very little of Columbia,
except a blackened surface peopled with numerous
chimneys, and an occasional house that had been
spared, as if by miracle.
"I believe that the rebels who blew up the depot,
scattered tho cotton over the city and set lire to it,
and took no reasonable precaution to prevent th«
destruction of Columbia, aro responsible for tho suf-
fering ot tho people.
" Neither the goncral-in-cliief, nor any of his lieu-
tenants, have ever sanctioned any conduct so evi-
dently against the dictates of humanity.
"Tne seventeenth corps followed the fifteenth across
tho Saluda and Broad, and encamped outside of the
oity to the northeast. The fifteenth corps encamped
to the east and south, except the garrison of the
city."
Such is the testimony of General Howard,
■who marched in with the advance of the army,
■with the general-in-chief. And it .shows clearly
that when our army entered Columbia the reb-
els under Hampton had prepared the city for
conflagration, and that its own inhabitants, in-
cluding negroes and escaped convicts, were
maddening themselves with liquor, and that
General Sherman and all under him did all
they could to save the city from the destruction
prepared for it by escaping rebels.
I have here also a private letter, written re-
cently, since Wade Hampton denied this charge,
by General Howard to General Sherman, front
■which I will read a short paragraph:
"On examining my report for tho South Carolina
and North Carolina march, I find that I was quite
explicit in my account of tho burning of Columbia.
My impression then was that tho fire was sot ori-
ginally by the enemy. At Midway X protected the
houses, including ISimms's library, as long as wo
halted at that placc. General Blair furnished tho
guards.
"I did notsecWado Hampton's orders for burning
cotton, but know that hisiorees did burn cotton in
our front constantly. Wheeler's letter to me, which
you received and nn'swered, shows that the burning
had official sanction,"
I now add to the testimony of General How-
ard the statement of General Charles H.Woods,
of a recent date, and after he had seen in the
papers the recent statement of Hampton. It
is clear and explicit. It is from tho general in
immediate command, and who must have known
the facts much better than Wade Hampton, then
at a safe distance.
IIkadquartkrs, Department of Alabama,
Moiulk, Al v ham a, April 7, IStiG.
Pear Sir: Your favor of tho lid instant has just
reached me, and I hasten to reply as you request.
My ofiioial roport of tho campaign in South Caro-
lina docs state in general terms tho lac is as to tho
burning of Columbia in nearly the same language,
and to tho Kinie purport as you claim. I will, how-
ever, further state in detail, that at tho time of tho
capturo of Columbia, South Carolina, I commanded
the fii>t diviMon, fifteenth Army corps, and that tho
third brigade of that division was the first body of
Federal troops that entered and took possession of
the city.
The place was formally surrendered to my com-
mand through tho mayor, but wnen tho troops
marched in considerable skiimishiug was necessary
to di ive out the rear guard of General Wade Uamp-
ton'seommand, and the numerous stragglers left iiom
the rebel forces.
I was among the first to enter tho city after its occu-
pation. and found the guards and pahols e>tahlished
by the commanding ofiiccr ot tho advance hngade
well posted,and in the earnest and vigilant perform-
unco ot iheii duty. But the streeis were lull of half-
di an ken eitt/.cns and negroes, and eseaped or released
convicts, who seemed to me to have beeu intent an-
ally turned loose for the puipose of sacking the cily,
and theieby throwing odium upon the Federal occu-
pation. 1 was also informed, and wa* satisfied,
that many of tho worst disposed of our own men wore
met hy mu h citr/.ens and noKroi-s, furnished with in-
toxicating iuuiois. and every effort made to induee
1 hem to join in the woik of desti uetion. I am hound
to assert that every effort was made by my officers
ami myself to proven! stieh outrages, and I beuevc
tuo^e efforts were ceneraily successful. Toe streets
in many poitions of the eity were filled with Ions
rows or piles of cotton which had been set on fire, and
prompt oidors were given and earnest endeavors
made by the troops to extinguish the flumes, to save
as far as possible all private pioperty. and protect it
from pillage. My belief is that the retiring rebel
finees under command, as 1 am informed, of General
Wade Hampton, intended to destiny  U cotton left
in the city, to save it from Federal possesion, but
that they did not intend to burn the city. No propei
precautions, however, were takon, and we found tho
eity actually in the hands of the reeklcss and irre-
sponsible ^tragtfleis, bothwhite and black, that JLhave
before spoken of.
What outrage**, rohbeiics, or incendiary act** they
may havo committed I cannot stale, hut 1 do know
that every effort wn< made to check them.
The burning cot ton,'exposed to a fearful wind
blowing across the citv, w,is not to be extinguished
bv human effort. As the bales burst laigc masses
of flaming material wereUftcd by the wind and sent
on and over roof'*, in windows and doors and against
fences; and us water w.e* very seaive no e.fl'oits of
tho troops proved of any avail until the fire nearly
reached the Nate Uou^e.
I am satisfied that everything saved wa<i owing to
the energy of our men, and that nothing more could
have been done. 1 was per*onuilv present in the
city and am personally cognizant of the tact that my
officers juid men did their duty faithfully and well
in saving and not in destroying property, either
public or private.
The third brigade of my, division was composed
entirely of Iowa troops, and were among tho best
disciplined and best disposed soldiers ottho Army,
and were commanded by Colonel George A. Stone,
of the twenty-fifth Iowa volunteers, an officer and a
gentleman well known to me as a strict disciplina-
rian and an excellent soldier.
About nine o'clock at night, when the fire was at
its height, I sent in another brigade of nearly two
thousand men, under command of Brevet Bi igndicr
General William B. Woods, with orders to do every-
thing ni thi-ir power to extinguish the flames. These
men worked hard all night, and until the lire was
extinguished.
I repeat that the destruction of tho best business
portion of Columbia was the perhaps unexpected
result of the attempt of the rebel forces to prevent
cotton falling into the hands of tho Government
of tho United States, and must have so far received
the sanction or order of the commanding ofheer of
those forces, who lam infoimed and believe was
General Wade Hampton.
I am, sir, very respectfully. your obedient servant,
CHAULER 11. WOODS,
Ritvt Major (Jtnc.rdf, ('ontminviiig.
Major General W. T. Shkrman, U. S. A.. Command-
ing Military Division of the Mississippi, tii. Louis,
Missouri.
I now present to the Senate a letter written
to me by General Slpctun, probably in conse-
quence of what was said here on a previous
occasion. .It may not bear upon the specific
charge of the burning of Columbia, for Gen-
eral jSlocum's army did not enter that city,
but it shows very clearly the conduct of the
rebel army, commanded in part by this man
who now arraigns our army for barbarity :
Syracuse, New York, April 10,1806.
My Diur Sir; I seo thot it is charged that our
troops weie guilty ol jneat baibarity and cruelty on
our campaign through South Carolina. While I am
willing to admit that.there were somo bad men in
every corps, and that isolated eases of a violation of
tho rule# of war occurred, yet, in view of alt tho cir-
cumstances, I think the behavior of tho army was as
good as could have been anticipated.
My command (the left wing) ciossed tho Savannah
river at Sister's ferry, and tho men, upon entering
tho State of South Carolina, found their road fillod
with torpedoes so arranged that it was impossible to
avoid them; and men paw their comrades maugled,
and in many instances, killed, in this barbarous man-
ner, while they were quietly marching m column. Is
it burpiisin^ that, under such circumstances, officers
found it difficult to prevent their men from commit-
ting somo wots in re'aiiation? 1 think not; yet I
never found any difficulty in preserving order on
entering a cityor a large village,where guirds could
be placed.
On our approach to Winnsboro, South Carolina, we
found the place on fire. I was iufbruicd by ciuzens
that the fire was tho work of a negro woman. The
citizonsappeared panic-stricken, and were doing lit-
tle to save the place. My soldieis eheeriuliy and
zealously woiUed to extinguish thofiro, and tho most
poi feet order was preserved while we remained in the
town. When we left the leading citizens were very
profuse in expressions oi giatitudofor the kind treat-
ment they had received.
In passing judgment upon the officers and men of
.Sherman's army on this campaign it should not bo
foi got ton th.it uhe events which led to tho war were
familiar to ever^ soldier of that army. Tho boast
made by some of tho leading citizens of South Car-
olina at tho commencement of thowar, thatthey had
labored thirty years to destroy the Union, their in-
dignant denials that tho people of South Carolina
were of the same race as the hated Yankees, and
their advocacy of *' raisin or the black flag/'were mat-
ters as well understood m Sherman's army as they
weie in tho city of Chaileston. This know/edare, on
the part of tho soldieis, together wtih tho violation
of the mles of wrr by the people of the State in
planting torpedoes in places remote from any fortifi-
cation or city rendered the duty devolving upon the
officers a very difficult one.
I claim that the conduct of my command was not
sueh as to justify tho charges brought agaiust the
"fin truly, II. W. SLOCUM.
Hon. John Sherman,
United Matci Senate, Washington, J). O.
I have also here a roport from General
Logan, whose report in almost every particular
confirms that of "General Howard. I have also
the report of General Stone, the gentleman
who was met three miles from the city by the
mayor and the authorities of the city, ty
seems that General Stone got into a carriage
to ride in with those authorities, and on the
way they saw a portion of Wade Hampton's
cavalry driving our advanced guards back j
and Colonel, now General, Stone, left, the car-
nage and went at the head of a small force of
a certain regiment of Iowa troops and drove
Wade Hampton's cavalry into the city, and
followed them inlo the city ; and he states that
while he whs 011. the road to the mayor's office
to receive the formal surrender of the city, and
there to raise the national flag, whisky and
liquors of various kinds were freely distributed
to and by the negroes and citizens of Columbia
before a single American soldier arrived there,
and that then the cotton was scattered all over
the city; and 1 have no doubt that probably
these escaped convicts, or the negroes mad-
dened by liquor, rejoicing at their liberation,
might by accident, or perhaps for reason, for
enmity, have set fire to the city and caused
the subsequent destruction ; but when Wade
Hampton, who had taken care to retreat be-
fore this occurred, charges our soldiers with
this infamy of burning private houses he makes
a charge that cannot be sustained.
He says that —
"About eight o'cloekthe city was fired in a number
of places ljy some of our escaped prisoners ana citt-
■ix-ivr, (I am ?at^fied lean prove this,) and as some
ot the tiro originated in basemepts stored lull ot cot-
ton it was impossible to extinguish it.
" The fire-engines were ordered out, but the flames
could not be stopped, the buildings were olj nearly
all wooden ones, and tfcowuad fclowmg almost a gale.
