2802
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 13
. "At half past eight p. m. I received orders that I
was relieved by Brevet Brigadier General \y oods,
and I sent the brigade to camp abotft one mile out
of town, but remained in the city myseli working all
night to assist in extinguishing the lire.
Such, Mr? President, is the evidence I pre-
sent to the Senate to show that the statements
made by General Sherman were justified by the
facts. And, sir, I could add the express order
of General Wheeler, under which Wade Hamp-
ton acted, requiring all cotton in the line of
General Sherman's march to be burnt, and that
. it in fact was burnt. In the light of these facts
■what shall be said of this letter? He is an
unpardoned rebel, living only by the mercy of
this Government which he struggled to over-
throw, cursed with treason, and responsible
for the lives of thousands of the people of his
own State, a fit sample of an army which con-
verted bones of human beings into wearing-
ornaments, and which starved thousands and
tens of thousands of brave men whose mis-
fortune it was to fall prisoners into their hands.
Examine his letter. He says he did not order
this cotton to be set on fire, but he ordered or
allowed cotton bales to be cut in the public
square, and thus scattered the cotton all over
the city, and made it so combustible that a
negro, or a citizen, or an escaped convict, or
any accident might set fire to the city of Co-
lumbia, and thus destroy the city. I then repeat
that Wade Hampton and his associates did, in
their insane desire to destroy cotton to pre-
vent it from falling into our hands, cause the
burning of the city of Columbia. But he says
he did not order it to be burnt in Columbia.
In this letter, which is written rather like a pol-
itician than a candid man, as I supposed Wade
Hampton was, he says he did not order the
burning of the cotton in Columbia. He does
not deny that he ordered it to be burnt every-
where else. In Columbia probably it was not
set fire to by his order, but he scattered it in
such way that the accident which followed de-
stroyed the capital of the State of South Caro-
lina. I must, confess that I do not shed many
tears pver the result, but in fixing the guilt of
this charge I wish to fix it on the men who
were themselves the cause of it.
It seems to me the impudence of this whole
Eroeeedings passes all imagination. He writes
ere to the Senate of the United States that
the State of South Carolina is excluded from
representation. Why? Because the authori-
ties of the State of South Carolina violated
their oaths; their people violated their duty of
allegiance to support this Government. They
had, for years, been trying to get out of this
Government, and now they whine like whipped
curs because they cannot come back here the
moment they are whipped. It is degrading
for a man occupying the position of Wade
Hampton and all those leading rebels to beg
and whine because they for a time are excluded
for their crimes from representation here.
They struggled for years to destroy their hate-
ful association with Yankees. Why are they
so anxious to resume these relations ? The
whole letter, not only the facts, but the omis-
sions of fact and the impudence which dictated
it, surpass all belief. Is it not strange that
men like Wade Hampton, who were the origi-
nal cause of this war, whose foolish bravado
excited their people to resist the" national
Government, when they have felt the power of
the national Government, come whining here
with such a letter as this. When it is held up
and read in the American Senate, it exhibits
an amount of impudence that I did not con-
ceive even a South Carolina rebel possessed.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
from Maine would not have supposed that I
presented a letter which was intended to be
private,.to the Senate, for nobody finds more
fault with the practice of reading letters, par-
ticularly without giving the names of the
writers, than I do and have done from the
first. The letter which I have presented was
sent to me for the purpose of being presented,
and I considered it as in the nature of a me-
morial.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will under-
stand me. I did not apply that portion of my
remarks to him particularly; but that has been
practiced here, and I think the practice is very
objectionable. It has grown up recently. I
think it is equally objectionable to read a letter
not addressed to the Senate, and to call for the
Senate's attention, and take up the Senate's
time in relation to it. Congress is to be ad-
dressed in a certain form; private matters are
entirely out of place; and before I sit down I
ask the Chair, what question is now before the
Senate ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the reference of the letter offered by
the Senator from Maryland to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. JOHNSON. I thought I had the floor.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Undoubtedly; but I
had a right to ask that question.
Mr. JOHNSON. The letter which I have
presented to the Senate was not presented on
my own judgment alone. I showed it to the
honorable member from Ohio, and he advised
me to present it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Bad advice, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I thought that the letter
might as well be presented and the statement
which I have made made in connection with it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I presented it because the
writer requested me to present it. It is not in
the form of a memorial, but it is designed to
effect the object of a memorial, to get the
facts in which he supposes his reputation to
be involved inquired into. Now, I am as far
from justifying the conduct of General Hamp-
ton as the honorable member from Ohio. I
think that in connection with all those who
participated in the rebellion he sinned very
materially against his duty ; but it is possible
that he may have been under the impression
that he was right in what he did because of
the peculiar construction which upon a certain
subject they gave to the Constitution of the
United States.
As I have presented the letter, it is proper,
perhaps, that I should say that I think my
friend from Ohio does the writer injustice in
saying that he is whining over the fact that
the representatives of South Carolina are not
upon this floor. There is nothingin the letter
which can be considered as whining at all, if
I understand what whining is. He refers to
that fact as a reason for sending to me what
he wishes to be presented to the Senate. He
states distinctly that he sends the letter to me
because his State is not represented here; but
that is immaterial.
Nobody can think higher of the gallant gen-
eral to whom we are indebted so much for the
termination of the rebellion than I do; nobody
has more absolute confidence in his veracity
thanl have j nobodythinlcs higher or has greater
confidence in the veracity of General Howard
thanlhave; butitispossiblethat. notwithstand-
ing General Wade Hampton, against his duty to
the United States, engaged in the rebellion, he
has not lost that claim to veracity which lie had
before the rebellion commenced ; aud lie stood
before the rebellion commenced as high in that
particular as any man that I ever knew. He
desires—and it is a natural desire—as the city
of Columbia was burned, to clear himself of
the charge of having effected that catastrophe.
General Sherman's letter states that he saw
in a paper printed in Columbia what professed
to be an order from General Hampton direct-
ing the burning of the cotton. That he denies
positively ; he says he gave no such order.
But, sir, it is unnecessary, and as the hon-
orable member from Maine intimates, it is
unnecessarily trespassing on the time of the
Senate, to pursue the matter further. All that
I desire is that the paper shall be referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs, or allowed
to lie on the table, just as may be the determin-
ation of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope neither.*
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator from Maryland vary his motion so as to
move that the letter lie on the table ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before any specific
motion is made, I desire to say that I think
the proper disposition of this matter would be
to refuse to consider this letter even by laying it
on the table. It has no business here. Neither
has it any business before the committee. It
is, a mere private letter, and Senators ought
not to ask action upon it. I hope we shall
simply refuse to consi'der it in any way.
Mr. CONNESS. I only rise to say that I
cannot vote to send this letter to any commit-
tee of this body for the purpose of vindicating
the reputation of Wade Hampton or any of his
kind of men ; and I am somewhat astonished
that the honorable Senator from Ohio should
feel bound to controvert his statements here or •
to vindicate the character of the eminent gen-
eral bearing his name, or that of the United
States Army against the charges of Wade
Hampton. A man who undertook to burn and
destroy this Government might well be taken
to be able to perform the act of burning and
destroying a city. There is nothing, and never
has been anything, in the fair proportions of the
city of Columbia, in South Carolina, that com-
pared with the majestic proportions and great
value of this Government to the human race;
and yet the man who put himself forward and
foremost in the work of destroying the one
sends a letter here, and we are asked to vindi-
cate him against the charge of burning and
destroying the other. I have nothing .to say
other than to put it in that light.
As to the complaint denominated "whining,"
for it comes very near that, that South Carolina
is among the States notyetgiven representation
in this body, that complaint comes now from
many quarters—quarters from which, had it-
emanated one year since, it would have caused
surprise to every honest person in the land.
It is time that the parties who make those
complaints had become ashamed to make them
and to repeat them. It is of no consequence
whether those States were ever out of the
Union or whether they are out of the Union
now; wo know that their people in the mass,
under daring and impudent leaders, like the
man who sends this letter here, undertook to
destroy the Government; and it is our duty to
say when they shall he entitled to participation
in the Government that they thus undertook to
destroy. There is no power ill them nor in
any representative friends that they can have
here or elsewhere which can commend them
to representation in the Congress of the Uni-
ted States until the sober judgment of the
people shall determine that they are fit for such
representation.
I, too, join the honorable Senator from Maine
in saying that this letter should not be referred
to a committee or laid upon the -table. Let
those men retire from public gaze and let them
perform works meet for repentance for their
great crimes before they impudently thrust
themselves forward for purposes of represen-
tation or for the purpose of engaging us in vin-
dicating what is already a reputation so dam-
aged that it never can be vindicated or justi-
fied.
Mr. WILSON. I do not see any need of
referring this matter; and I hope this paper
will be withdrawn by the Senator from Mary-
land, that thus the question will be ended. I
desire to get up a resolution offered by me some
days since, and which it is very important should
be decided one way or the other. I refer to
the resolution to allow this Hall for the use of
Mr. Murdoch to give a reading for the benefit
of the National Home for the Orphans of Sol-
diers and Sailors. I will simply say that Mr.
Murdoch, since the war commenced, has twice
given_ readings in this Chamber; and on both
occasions Mr. Lincoln attended the reading.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the morning
hour be extended until half past one o'clock,
in order that we may conclude the morning
business. I hope that that will be done by
general consent.
Mr. WADE. Say two o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well; but I want to
get through with the Post Office appropriation
bill to-day.
