1342
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 12,
" Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Price]
by making it twenty-five cents instead of fifteen
cents, and I will state my reason for making
that motion. It will cost forty cents per bushel
to transport barley from the Mississippi river
to Buffalo, the point where it will come in di-
rect competition with Canadian barley. Now,
sir, I propose a duty of fifteen cents less per
bushel than it will cost my colleague's constit-
uents to transport a bushel of barley raised by
them to the competing point, Buffalo. His
county, I believe, is one of the greatest barley-
growing counties in the entire Northwest.
I hope my colleague will accept my amend-
ment and let us have a vote on it instead of on
the one he has offered.
Mr. PRICE. I accept the amendment of my
colleague, [Mr. Wilson.] I wish to say in
reply to the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] in regard to the temperance view
of this question which he has taken, that if I
had any idea it would make the people of the
country, and particularly of the city of New
York, more temperate than they are now, I
might be induced to waive this amendment so
far as I am concerned; but I have^et to learn
that the desired result would bo produced in
this way.
But, sir, I deny that morality or temperance
has ever been promoted by the increased manu-
facture of lager beer. More than that, sir, I
deny that the wine-drinking countries of the
world are the most temperate countries of the
world. I know that this has been stated; but
I challenge any gentleman to produce the proof.
I have been informed by those who have trav-
eled in Europe and have had full opportunity
of observation, that in the wine-drinking coun-
tries of Europe even the women are in the habit
of becoming intoxicated. When, therefore, the
assertion is made, here or elsewhere, that the
wine-drinking countries of the world are the
most, temperate countries of the world, I desire
that the seal of condemnation shall bo putupon
that assertion.
No, sir; neither lager beer, wine, nor any-
thing of the kind, has ever conduced to virtue
or to temperance, nor ever will. The argument
of the gentleman from New York, so far from
inducing mo to vote against the ponding amend-
ment, would be an additional inducement, were
that necessary, for voting the Other way.
But, sir, this is a tariff for revenue, and for
protection to American manufacturers and
American productions; and we shall not be
doing our duty to'tlio country if wo fail to pro-
tect our agricultural products against undue
importations from other countries.
Mr. STEVENS. Allow me to suggest that
if the provisions of this bill are important to
regulate trade with Nova Scotia or some other
corner of Canada, why should not these pro-
visions bo embraced in a general tariff bill and
be made uniform for all the world ? Why patch
up the thing by corners in this way?
Mr. PRICE, I am perfectly willing, Mr.
Chairman, that we shall have one general
tariff, which shall include not merely one
"pent-up Utica," but a "whole boundless
continent,."
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say, in reply
to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, that for
many of the articles included in this section
there is no provision in the general tariff.
I now move to amend the amendment by
striking out "twenty-five" aiid inserting "fif-
teen."
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of Mr. Price was agreed to.
Mr. PRICE. I move to amend as follows:
In lino sixteen strike out " 0110" and insert "two,'
so that the clauso will read: "Beef, two cents per
pound."
Mr. BERGEN. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out "two" and inserting
"one half."
I think, Mr. Chairman, that the laboring
men of the country already have sufficient
difficulty in obtaining the necessaries of life. I
object to increasing the burdens under which
they labor. I am in favorof relieving the labor-
ing man of the country, the working man; and
' I think a reduction in the price of the article
of beef will have this effect. I hope my amend-
ment will be adopted, so that instead of in-
creasing we will diminish the price of beef.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I move that the com-
mittee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Ingersoll re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union had had under consid-
eration the Union generally, and particularly
House bill No. 837, regulating trade with the
British North American possessions, and had
come to no resolution thereon.
The SPEAKER. The hour of half past four
having arrived, the House, in obedience to the
order adopted this morning, will take a recess
until half past seven o'clock this evening.
EVENING SESSION.
The House at half past seven o'clock p. m.
resumed its session.
civil service.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask unanimous consent
to offer the following resolution :
Resolved, That a select committee of seven mem-
bers be appointed by the Speaker, whose duty it shall
be to consider the subject of the civil service of the
United States, and measures to promote its efficiency,
and report by bill or otherwise.
There was no objection, and the resolution
Wcis received.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I will
state the facts in the matter. That bill is now
before the Judiciary Committee. It was intro-
duced by my friend from Rhode Island and
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
I am ready whenever that committee is called
to report; and I may inform my friend from
Rhode Island that the report of the committee
will bo adverse to the bill. I will say, in justice
to him, that the bill is drawn with remarkable
clearness and ability, copying to a great extent
the English and French systems. It was im-
possible for the Judiciary Committee, with the
vast amount of business before them, to give
it that consideration and pruning which seemed
to them necessary if the bill should pass.
1 have no idea the Judiciary Committee would
object if the bill were taken from them and re-
ferred to a sclect committee. It is an knpor-
tant subject, and one in which my friend from
Rhode Island takes a deep interest; and though
I am free to say 1 do not agree with him in the
policy of the bill, yet having it in charge as a
member of the judiciary Committee, I would
be willing the House should take it from that
committee and give it to a select committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will say, in addi-
tion to what has been said by the gentleman
from Vermont, if the House conclude to raise
this select committee I am satisfied the mem-
bers of the Committee on the Judiciary would
agi'oe that the bill might be reported back now
and referred to that committee.
Mr. JENCKES. It was in view of the busi-
ness before the Judiciary Committee I sub-
mitted the pending resolution. I demand the
, previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. What is the
position of the resolution ?
The SPEAKER. It is before the House.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope it
will not be sent to a sclect committee. We
have now too many select committees.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
illinois central railroad.
Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed
to inform the House what amount of money has been
paid to the Illinois Central Railroad Company for the
transportation of troops and property of the United
States, and what a.mount is yet claimed by the said
company to he due for such service.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion wyis agreed to.
city ob' toronto.
Mr. SCOFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a joint resolution granting an Ameri-
can register to the British-built brigantine City
of Toronto; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
.merce.
iowa land grants.
Mr. ALLISON, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
Iowa, in relation to the lands granted to that
State in aid of the construction of railroads;
which was referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
kansas and neosho valley railroad.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to aid in the construc-
tion of the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad,
connecting the great lakes, Iowa, Missouri, and
Kansas with Texas and the Gulf of Mexico,
and to secure to tho Government the use of the
same for postal, military, and other purposes ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
bureau of agriculture.
Mr. MOULTON. Mr. Speaker, a resolution
was introduced into this Houso to procure cer-
tain information iu detail from the Commis-
sioner of Agriculture. His report has come to
the House, and it shows the expenditure of
vast sums of money. And permit me to say,
in my opinion, the report, on its very face dis-
closes great irregularities and looseness in that
bureau. I offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the report of the Commissioner of
the Agricultural Bureau, made to this House in an-
swer to a resolution of inquiry, be referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, with power to send for
persons and papers in relation to said report, should
said committee deem it necessary.
The resolution was adopted.
Mr. MOULTON moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; '
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
bridge over tiie hudson.
Mr. BEAMAN, by unanimous consent, from
tho Committee on Roads and Canals, reported
adversely on House bill No. 38, to declare the
bridge over the Hudson river a highway; and
moved that the bill be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
bonded goods.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to lake up House
bill No. 135, to extend tho time for withdrawal
of goods for consumption from public stores and
bonded warehouses, and for other purposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE, oflllinois. I object to
its consideration at this time.
The bill and amendment were referred to Sie
Committee of Ways and Means.
clerk to committee.
Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to otfer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road be allowed a clerk for the next ninety days at
the same compensation as is allowed to the clerks of
similar committees.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
agricultural reports.
Mr. MILLER. I ask leave to offer the*
following resolution:
.Whereas, owing to the inereasing demand for Ag-
ricultural Reports, the number of copies heretofore
issued are inadequate to supply those engaged in
agricultural pursuits: Therefore,
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be, and
