THE COFGRES'SIOmL GLOBE.
July 27,
lay that for his statement, stated to me upon
his own knowledge, I do vouch for his honor
as a man and a- soldier 1
Mr. WADE. I am not going to impeach
the honor of any gentleman's testimony as
introduced here, because I know nothing of
him. I only know that I am treading in an
illegitimate path when I even attempt to repel
before this enlightened Senate, such insinua-
tions. I know this Senate is composed of legal
gentlemen who know how much weight to
attach to these rumors, coming generally from
sources interested or without any authority at
all. I know you will attach no importance to
them, and I feel that I am trespassing upon the
indulgence of the Senate while I stand here
to repel such charges. I know there is not a
Senator here who will act .upon the mere
insinuation that there is fraudl
But the Senator from Massachusetts, says
that the documents to which I appealed are all
illegitimate because they do not come through
that most loved source .of his, the President
of the United States. If they had only come
through that pure fountain, he would have
been satisfied in a moment; he never would
have got up from his seat nor raised his voicc ;
but he says, why on earth, if this thing is pure
and legitimate, did it not come from the Presi-
dent of the United States? Then I would have
been satisfied. Sir, pure as he is, he had no
business with this matter at all. They sent to
the chairman of the Committee on Territories
a certified transcript of their proceedings and
I presented it to the Senate, and the Senate
referred it to our committee. Is not that
authentic? Do you want the President to
back it?
Mr. SUMNER. I would rather have your
backing than his.
Mi'. WADE. Well, sir, you have my back-
ing, but you dispute that. Now, sir, I have
said enough. The people of Nebraska do not
ask nor need the counsel of gentlemen from
other States. WithaUthopowerin their hands
to detect fraud, with all the power to protest
before this body that they are not satisiiodwith
the votes cast, not a single man from Nebraska
has made his protest upon this record.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. Upon this point, which
the Senator has so often repeated, that I am
volunteering to be the counsel of the people
of Nebraska, 1 have only to say that I stand
here as a Senator representing one of the States
of the United States, and I suppose that the
United States and all the States have an inter-
est in the question as to whom wc admit into
the Union, and whether we shall admit addi-
tional representatives into this Chamber to take
part in our deliberations. Wo have just as
much interest in the question as they have, and
I have a right to speak as a Senator upon it.
Mr. POMEROY, (to Mr. Wade.) Let us
vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN, (in his seat.) Wade has
made five speeches on this subject already.
Mr. WADE. Well, sir, I have been chal-
lenged with five hundred as groundless as they
are numerous. I have not grumbled at other
people, and I have not occupied one hour in
this Senate where other gentlemen have occu-
pied days. I have had strong convictions upon
a great many questions thathavepassed through
here on the records and been voted upon, and
I have waited to hear the intelligent arguments
of gentlemen a great while when I have had
. strong convictions that those arguments, per-
haps, were not as well founded as they ought
to be, but I generally contented myself with
voting, as the Senator from Maine knows. I
am very rarely provoked or moved to do any-
thing more than attest my sense of any ques-
tion by the vote that I give; but on this ques-
tion I have been met from all sides with the
merest rumors and figments of the imagina-
tion thrown in here against the stubborn facts
that have been sent to us as the foundation of
our action, and I would have been recreant to
the people of Nebraska if I had not stood
forth to vindicate their character against this
imputation of fraud without evidence. The
people of Nebraska ask no such advocacy as
the Senator from Wisconsin has offered, and
I therefore say that the gentleman is a vol-
unteer, because this is partly at least a mere
local question, and although he has a right to
vote upon it and a right to argue it, he has no
right to bring in mere rumors unsupported by
fact in order to postpone these people from
participating in this Government when it is
their interest to do so. Now, sir, I do hope
that we shall have a vote.
Several Senators. Question! question!
Mr. WILSON. If Senators are ready to
vote I will not insist upon it; but, otherwise,
I want to take up a little Army resolution that
should be acted upon at once.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from In-
diana to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Territories, with instructions to inquire into
the number of the population of the Territory
and the fairness of the vote adopting the Con-
stitution.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 18, nays 22; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Buekalew, Oowan, Davis, Doolit-
tle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Hendricks,
Johnson, MeDougall, Morgan, jn esmitli, Norton, Rid-
dle, Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wilson—18.
NAY S—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler. Conn ess, Cres-
well, Fowler, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe,
Kirkwood, Lane, Nye, Pomeroy, Boss, Sherman,
Spraguo, Stewart, Trumbull, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, and Yates—22.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cragin, Dixon,
Grimes, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Saulsbury, and
Wright—10.
So the motion was not agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I send an amendment to
the Chair to come in at the end of the bill.
Mr. WILSON. I ask unanimous consent
to take up a little resolution in regard to the
Army, which it is important should pass. I do
not see any prospect of getting rid of this ques-
tion, and I have been waiting for two hours to
call up the resolution.
Mr. WADE. I object.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made the resolution cannot be enter-
tained. The question is on the amendment
of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr. Scm-
sri®,] which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to add at the end of section two the fol-
lowing proviso:
Provided, That this act shall not take effect except
upon the fundamental condition that within theState
thero shall be no denial of the elective franchise or
of any other right on account of color orraoe; but
all persons shallbe equalbeforethelaw; and thepeo-
plo of the Territory shall by a majority of the vot-
ers therein, at such place and under such regulations
as shall be proscribed by the Governor thereof, de-
clare their assent to this fundamental condition; and
the Governor shall transmit to the President of the
United States an authentic statement of such assent
whenever the same shall be given, upon the receipt
whereof, ho shall, by proclamation, announce the
fact; whereupon, without any further proceedings
on the part of Congress, this act shall take cffect.
Mr. SUMNER called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment, and they were ordered ; and
being taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 34; as fol-
lows^
YEAS — Messrs. Edmunds, Fessenden, Morgan,
Poland, and Sumner—5%
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Chandler,
Conness, Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, Foster, Guthrie,
Harris, Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane, MeDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Riddle, Ross, Sherman. Spracrue,
Stewart. Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Wil-
liams, Wilson, and Yates—34.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cowan, Cragin,
Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Howe, Morrill, Saulsbury,
and Wright—ll.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to th® Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. SUMNER. Let us have the yeas and
nays on the final passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 24, nays 18 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Conner, Cres-
well. Fowler, Henderson, Howard, Howe, Kirk-
wood, Lane, Nye, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sher-
man, Sprague, Stewart, Trumbull, VanWinkle, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—24.
NAYS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Harris,
Hendricks, Johnson, MeDougall, Morgan, Nesmith,
Norton, Poland, Riddle, and Sumner—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cragin, Dixon,
Grimes, Morrill, Saulsbury, and Wright—8.
So the bill was passed.
RELIEF OP PORTLAND SUFFERERS.
The bill (H. R. No. 814) for the relief of the
sufferers by the late fire at Portland, was read
twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that bill taken up-and acted upon now. It is
very short, and I presume there will be no ob-
jection to it.
By unanimous consent the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that all goods, wares,
and merchandise, which may be sent from
places without the limits of the United States
as gratuitous contributions to the relief of the
sufferers by the fire which occurred at Port-
land, Maine, July 4, 1866, shall, when im-
ported at the port of Portland, and consigned
to the proper authority for distribution, be ad-
mitted free of duty. It also provides that there
shall be allowed and paid, under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall
prescribe, on all materials actually used in
buildings erected on the ground burned over
by the fire, a drawback of the imported duties
paid on them, if the materials shall be imported
at the port of Portland during the term of one
year from and after July 5, 1866.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
DOTY ON IMPORTED WOOL.
The bill (H. R. No. 793) to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other
put-noses, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The bill
will be referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. HOWE and others. Let it lie upon the
table.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be
laid on the table if there be no objection.
STATUE OF ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to take up
House joint resolution No 197. It is a little
matter that will take no time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is that?
Mr. HENDRICKS. The title of it is "A
joint resolution authorizing a contract with
Vinnic Ream for a statue of Abraham Lin-
coln."
Mr. FESSENDEN. As this is the last day
of the session, and we shall probably have to
stay here all night, 1 hope we shall have a recess,
and the time has now arrived for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. I hopfethe resolution named
by the Senator from Indiana will not be taken
up.
Mr. WILSON. I wish to call up a resolu-
tion in regard to the Army, and have it passed.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My motion is to take
up Housejoint resolution No. 197.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that will not be done.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is undoubtedly a
matter that will be pretty thoroughly debated,
and if gentlemen are willing to stay here and
lose their dinners in order to debate it, very
well.
Mr. SUMNER. I hope it will not be taken
up. Can the motion be in order?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
is in order?
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask if it has been
referred to a committee.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
is advised that it has not been.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senate will
decide the question by a vote. They can do i*
in that way as well as in any other.
Mr. WILSON. I move to amend the mo-
tion of the Senator from Indiana so as to take
up a resolution relating to the Army.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That motion
is not in order. The motion is not to postpone
pending business to proceed to the considera-
I tion of the resolution, and therefore the motion
