1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2303
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let us set through with j
this matter. :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques- !
tion is oil the motion of the Senator from Mary-
land to refer the letter read by him to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
Mr. JOHNSON. I withdraw it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move to amend
that motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The motion
is withdrawn.
ORDER or BUSINESS.
Mr. WADE. I now move to postpone all
- prior orders and take up Senate bill No. 203.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is not morning
business.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. The Chair
has not yet called through the business of the
morning hour, but if the Senator from Ohio
presses his motion the Chair will put it.
Mr. WADE. If there is any more morning
business I waive my motion for the present; if
there is not I insist upon it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Reports
from committees are now in order.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
George P. Remsberg, praying for an appropri-
ation to provide for the support and education
of his son, Charles Remsberg, who lost an arm
on the 13th of April, 1805, by a volley fired by
theprovost guard in a public street of the city
of Frederick, Maryland, submitted an adverse
report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred_the petition of John Gordon, praying
for additional compensation for services as
messenger in the Post Office Department, sub-
mitted a report accompanied by a bill (R. No.
294) for the relief of John Gordon. The bill
was read and passed to a second reading, and
the report was ordered to bo printed.
Mr. FESSENDEN, from the Committee on
Finance, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. 255) making appropriations for the con-
struction, preservation, and repairs of certain
fortifications and other works of deferfse for
the year ending June 30, 1867, reported it
with an amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 511) imposing
a duty on live animals, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 99) granting lands to the State of Oregon
to aid in the construction of a military road
from Albany, Oregon, to the eastern boundary
of said State, reported it without amendment.
Mr. RAMSEY, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was
referred a bill (S. No. 263) to authorize the
Winona and St. Peter's Railroad Company to
construct a bridge across the Mississippi river
and to establish a post route, reported it with
an amendment.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WILLEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
295) repealing the thirty-fourth section of the
declaration of rights of the State of Maryland, so
far as the same has been recognized or adopted
in the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 296) to incorporate the American Marine
Insurance Company of Washington, District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title,
and referred to the Committee on the District
of Columbia.
NEW YORK AND MONTANA IRON COMPANY.
Mr. WILSON. I now ask for the consider-
ation of the resolution that I introduced some
days ago, granting the use of the Chamber to
Mr. Murdoch on Thursday evening next, for
the purpose of giving a reading for the benefit
of the National Home for the Orphans of Sol-
diers and Sailors.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If the morn-
ing business is disposed of, the motion of the
Senator from Ohio [Mr. Wadk] takes prece-
dence, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. WADE. Then I insist on my motion
to take up Senate bill No. 203 for considera-
tion.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 203) to enable
the New York and Montana Iron Mining and
Manufacturing Company to purchase a certain
amount of the public lands not now in market.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not rise to discuss the
merits of this bill, or to express an opinion as
to whether it is wise or unwise for the Senate
to pass it, but merely to place myself upon the
record as being utterly opposed to the recog-
nition of any such principle as is embraced in
the bill. Senators who have read the bill have
discovered that it completely overturns the
whole land system of the United States. It
proposes that a corporation created under the
general laws of the State of New York, where
a corporation can be created by'any three, live,
ten, or any other number of persons, for any
purpose they please, may go into tlu; Territory
of Montana and there select twenty sections of
laud, make the surveys themselves, without
any regard to whether they conform to the
meridian lines or the base lines or the town-
ship lines of the United States surveys, and
shall have a preemption right for two years, at
the end of which time they shall be permitted
to pay the Government price for the land. 1
find that there is no provision in the bill, so
far as I can see, that will prevent the timber
on the laud from being utterly destroyed and
used up for the purposes of the furnaces which
it is proposed to establish there. I do not
recognize the propriety of allowing a little cor-
poration in an outside State to go into any of
the new States or into any of the Territories
and occupy land in the way in which this bill
proposes.
I have only said this in order that I may not
preclude myself in the future from occupying
the position which I now do. I have no dis-
position to call for the yeas and nays, because
1 suppose the bill will pass anyhow.
Mr. WADE. I do not wish to take up the
time of the Senate now, for 1 believe the objects
and purposes of the bill are fully understood
by the Senate. It is thought, 1 believe, by
every one who has examined the subject, that
nothing would so much tend to develop the
mining and other interests in the Territory of
Montana, and to facilitate the construction of
the Pacific railroad in that direction, as by
some method of this kind to have furnaces
erected there, so that iron may be manufac-
tured from the ores lying in that country, in-
stead of being transported over the continent
at a most ruinous expense. A company was
formed of men, I believe as good as can be
found in New York and Michigan and other
places, who thought they might makeit aprof-
itable business for themselves, provided they
could have the privilege of purchasing enough
timber land to carry on their furnaces when
they get there. As I stated the other day, and
I would not repeat it now but for the fact that
some Senators are present who were not here
then, this enterprise could not be entered upon
with any hope of success if, while this company
were laying out the large capital which it will
take to begin this business, some $150,000 or
ยง200,000 at least, individuals could go on and
take possession of all the wood land about them.
The company then would be at the mercy of
men who had not laid out a dollar for this pur-
pose. They desire, therefore, to acqtiire suffi-
cient wood land; and they cannot.get the wood
land unless they purchase the title to the land
itself. They ask Congress to enable them, in
advance of the surveys there, to purchase this
land at the Government prices, excluding them
from all right to any minerals except iron and
coal, or for using the grant for any other pur-
pose except what is necessary to enable them
to go on with this enterprise.
I believe every one admits that it will be
highly beneficial to the people of that Terri-
tory and facilitate its settlement and the de-
velopment of its mineral interests should this
be done. Of that I have no doubt, and it
seems to me nobody can have any doubt.
Whether this will bo profitable to those who
invest in it is a thing which they must answer
for themselves, but the object is certainly laud-
able. This bill does nothing more than antici-
pate, perhaps, by two or three years, the sur-
veys of the land in that Territory. It is so
remote that it has not been surveyed, though
mining interests have sprung up which have
carried a number of inhabitants there who
would not have got there, probably, in a cen-
tury had it not been for the mines discovered
there. It is necessary, therefore, that these ,
interests should be developed in advance, and
every one who has turned his attention to the
subject, so far as I have seen, believes that
this bill will be beneficial, and I think nearly
every one is in favor of it. The bill is guarded
at every point. This company can acquire
nothing but the title to this land, and they arc to
pay for it the same price, probably, that would
be paid for it at some future period when it
shall be surveyed and when anybody can go
on and get it at the same price this company
now offer. That is all there is about it. I
hope the bill will pass.
The bill was passed-
PROTECTION OF UNITED STATES OFFICERS.
Mr. CLARK, from the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the bill (H. R. No. 238) to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved March 3, 1863, submitted
the following report:
The committee of conforenoo on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses of Congress on the amend-
ments of the Senato to tho hill (If. 11. No. 2o8) to amend
an net entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus and
regulating judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved March 3,1863, having met, after full and
free conference have agreed to recommend, and do
recommend, to their respective Houses us follows:
That tlio House of Representatives concur in tho
first, second, third, fourth, fifth, and seventh amend-
ments of the Senate.
That the House of Representatives concur in tho
sixth amendment of the Senato, with an amendment,
as follows: strike oat all after the word "act" in the
fourth line of said amendment.
DANIEL CLARK,
LYMAN TRUMBULL.
Managers on the part of the Senate.
BURTON C. COOK,
SAMUEL McKEK
Managers on the part of the Mouse.
The report was concurred in.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson", its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate :
A bill (H. R. No. 481) to amend an act
entitled "An act to encourage immigration,"
approved July 4, 1804, and an act entitled "An
act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels," approved March
3, 1855, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 492) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, ancj, comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under the authority of law, and for
other purposes; and
A bill (H. R. No. 545) making- appropria-
tions for the uses of the Bureau of Refugees,
Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands, for tho fiscal
year commencing January 1, 186G.
The message further announced that tho
