1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
of designing men, who would seek to use them
for the attainment of their own selfish ends.
My honored and learned friend from Iowa,
[Mr-. Kaksox,] who addressed this House with
so much force and eloquence on Monday, has,
in my judgment, substantially oovered the points
in the case, and expressed what I believe to be
the mature judgment of the majority of this
House. Yet I think he was mistaken upon one
point, in regard to the position the colored sol-
diers oceupiedin the closing scenes of the rebel-
lion. I know him too well to believe that he
would do the colored soldiers any injustice, or
refuse to accord to them their full share of
honor; nor do I believe that he intended to be
so understood. If I mistake not, it was the
colored troops who first entered, or at least
entered simultaneously with the white troops,
the city of Richmond after its evacuation, led
as they were by an honored son of New York.
And, sir, let us go back five long, weary years
of the war, when our heroic Army, passing
through this city, penetrated into the home of
slavery. As they passed on over the country,
back came a swelling tide of dusty, weary, worn
pilgrims, wending their way to the capital of
the nation, the Mecca of their hopes, their ark
of safety, their refuge and abiding-place, where
no slave-driver's lash could longer print in let-
ters of blood upon the quivering flesh of their
unresisting victim the record of his own bru-
tality and of slavery's infamy. And when the
glad shout rang out over the land that here the
representatives of the people had given liberty
to this downtrodden and long-suffering people,
.and declared that here no man should longer
hold in bondage his fellow-man, then on they
came from the country wide and far, pressing
in and on, eager to seek a home where they
could breathe freedom's inspiring air, until now
in numbers great they affect the State.
Now, Mr. Speaker, in conclusion, I desire to
say that as no election will take place in this
District until next June, there can be no reason
for special haste in the passage of this bill, and
that there is a proposition before this House,
which seems to be received with very general
favor, to create a commission for the govern-
ment of this city ; and in order to give an op-
portunity to mature a bill for that purpose, and
have it presented for the consideration of this
House, I move the postponement of the pend-
ing bill until the first Tuesday in April next.
Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my
time to my colleague, [Mr. Hale.]
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Before the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Hale] begins his
remarks, I beg to be allowed to suggest that,
by general consent, the vote on the motion to
postpone shall not be taken until to-morrow.
Mr. DARLING. I do not desire to press my
motion to a vote until the motion of the gentle-
man from Iowa comes up.
The SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that neither motion will be pressed to a vote
until to-morrow at half past three o'clock.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the debate before
the House having taken a wide range, I beg
leave to ask for the reading of the amendment
which I had the honor to submit the other day,
and which constitutes, as I understand, the
question before the House.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Amend the motion to recommit by adding to that
motion an instruction to the committee to am end the
bill so as to extend the right of suffrage in the District
of Columbia to all persons coming within either of
the following classes, irrespective of caste or color, but
subject only to existing provisions and qualifications
other tban those founded on caste or color, to wit:
1. Those who can read the Constitution of the
United States.
2. Those who arc assessed for and p;ty taxes on
real or personal property within the District.
3. Those who have served in and been honorably
discharged from the military or naval servicc of the
United States.
And to restrict such right of suffrage to the classes
above named, and to include proper provisions ex-
cluding from the right of suffrage those who have
borne arms against the United States during the late j
rebellion, or given aid and comfort to said rebellion, j
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, the question be- j
fore the House strikes me as one eminently i
practical in its nature—not one of theory, not ,
one to be decided according to any hypothesis
as to general rights or general forms of govern-
ment.^ The Constitution of the United States
vests in Congress exclusive jurisdiction for the
purpose of legislat ion over this District. The
jurisdiction thus vested in us we cannot abdicate.
We do not propose to abdicate it. We simply
propose to delegate certain local and adminis-
trative powers to the inhabitants of this District,
or some of them, in such manner as we shall
deem best. This bill does not propose to com-
mit to the people of the District, or to anybody
except this Congress, any power of general le-
gislation. "We are endeavoring merely to find
out to whom we may best delegate the control
of certain municipal affairs having relation to
.schools, poor-laws, streets, inferior courts ofjus-
tice, "police, and the like, and the simple ques-
tion, as it seems to me, which addresses itself to
this House, and should address itself to every
member of the House, is, what is the best, the
most feasible, plan, all things considered, for
the accomplishment of this work?
Theoretical questions as to inalienable or
inherent rights of suffrage or anything else do
not, I think, arise here. The jurisdiction lies
in us ; the authority emanates from us. Who-
ever receives it from us receives it as a free
gift—of grace, (if I may be allowed the expres-
sion,) not of right. I confess that, for one, I
have little sympathy with those who uniformly
appeal to theoretical- and abstract questions of
right and wrong as the sole guides for our
coursc in legislative affairs. 1 do not believe
that statesmanship is founded exclusively, or
even mainly, on theoretical propositions. I be-
lieve that true statesmanship must learn to re-
gard the facts and circumstances surrounding
every proposition ; must learn to look at the
things which bear upon it in all directions ;
must learn that abstractions and theories must
yield from time to time to the circumstances of
the case. 1 do not even believe it wise for
statesmen always to insist on what they may
consider as purely abstract.right. While 1 would
never abandon or yield a principle which 1
deemed as right and of vital and essential im-
portance, 1 would consider that we live in a
world where all our efforts must be more or less
tinctured with imperfection—that we must not
expect always to have that which we would con-
sider under all circumstances the most highly
desirable thing, but we must learn to be satis-
fied with taking the best that we can attain.
Hence it is that I regret to have heard ex-
pressions from members of my own party,-in
this House and out of it, indicating that they
will insist upon their own peculiar views as to
the details of this question, to the exclusion of
all others, and that they are ready to ally them-
selves with our political antagonists for the pur-
pose of defeating this proposition, which they
think comes in some measure short of their own
theories.
I believe, sir, we ought to try to harmonize
our own views, that each ought, to lie willing
to yield something of his personal impressions
to meet the views of his associates upon this
floor, and that by that course, and that course
alone, we will attain to wise system of legisla-
tion here.
Mr. Speaker, I have heard much said on this
floor of conservatism and of radicalism. 1 do not
know, sir, that I understand the meaning at-
tached to those words here. I am raw in par-
liamentary usage and unused to parliamentary
nomenclature. I can only say for one, as 1 un-
derstand the true meaning of those words, there
is no conflict between the purest and loftiest
conservatism and the purest and profoundest
radicalism. It has pleased friends of mine upon
this floor to call me a conservative: and it has
pleased friends of mine in other places to call
me a radical. With my own construction of
those words, I am willing to claim as well as to
accept both appellations. If it be radicalism
to favor an eradication of wrong, of everything
that is unjust, of everything that is prejudicial
to the public interests, from our political system
just as fast as a due regard to the life and con-
stitution of the patient under treatment may
permit, then most- certainly I claim to be a
radical. If it be conservatism to desire to pre-
serve in full force and strength all that is excel-
lent—-and it is almost all excellent—in our po-
litical system, then most certainly I claim to b®
a conservative.
Mr. Speaker, I do not believe that the ques-
tion before this House concerns exclusively the
negro. _ If it did, I should be likely to express
an opinion which I have sometimes before en-
tertained, that perhaps the negro was engross-
ing a larger proportion of our time and atten-
tion than his comparative numerical force in-
this country or the extent of his interests hero
fairly entitled him to. I do not claim to be pe-
culiarly or exclusively the friend of the negro.
As belonging to the white race, connected with
it by the ties of consanguinity, affinity, associa-
tion, and habit, I may be pardoned for my pref-
erence for the white race. On the other hand,
I have no sympathy with the propositions put
forth at times from the other side of the House,
that this is exclusively a white man's Govern-
ment, and that no black man is to be recognized
as a citizen here. I deny it utterly. I. believe,
when the Declaration of Independence put forth
those principles so familiar to us all, it put them
forth on behalf of all men, and not merely on
behalf of white men.
But, again, I repel all the charges which have
been made upon myself, and upon those who
agree with me, from this side of the House, of
being Hostile to the black race or unmindful of
their rights. The gentleman from Indiana [Mr.
Julias'] yesterday, in the course of his elaborate
and able discussion of this question, charged
that those who were in favor of restricting suf-
frage as proposed by these amendments were
impelled to that course by hate of the negro;
that it was his color and not his ignorance they
feared: and he referred to negro-hating con-
stituencies, as ho was pleased to term them, rep-
resented by conservative gentlemen upon this
floor. For myself and my constituents 1 rfipel
the charge, and ( challenge him to answer by
what authority he accuses me and my constitu-
ents of hating any portion of God's human
crcation.
It was with feelings almost of pain, almost of
indignation, that I heard the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Fahnsworih] the other day, in
the course of his speech, use the name of Fred-
erick Douglass, a colored man most widely
known and most highly respected, in a con-
nection I could not but consider as derogatory
and insulting to him.
The gentleman saw fit to select the name of
a person designated by him as the type and
embodiment of all that was offensive to all his
ideas ofloyalty and worth, Mr. Fernando Wood,
and to place him on a level with Mr. Douglass,
as the typo and embodiment of all that is worthy
and excellent in the colored race. I neither in-
dorse or repudiate the position the gentleman
saw fit to assign to Mr. Wood, but. I earnestly
protest against such a compliment to Mr. Doug-
lass. For myself, I can only say that the rad-
icalism of the gentleman fi-orn Illinois [Mr.
Fakxsworth] fails far short of my own con-
servatism. I know nothing in Frederick Doug-
lass that should induce the gentleman from
Illinois, or myself, or any other member of this
House, be lie" the highest or proudest in it in
intellectual or social position, to consider him-
self in any degree disgraced or dishonored by
occupying a seat by the side of Frederick Doug-
lass on this floor or elsewhere.
Mr. GRINNELL. 1 ask whether the gen-
tleman from Illinois did not bog pardon of Mr.
Douglass for making such a comparison.
Mr. HALE. The gentleman will excuse me.
His question is too far outside the range of my
discussion for me to answer it here.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
from New York permit me to explain?
Mr. HALE. Certainly.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. As the gentleman
has referred to me, I will state that I deem it
highly proper, in a discussion of this kind, m
using figures of comparison, to take extreme
eases. If 1 recollect right, however, at the
