1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1343
are hereby, required to inquire into the expediency of
having an additional number of copies of the Agri-
cultural Reports printed, and make repoit aceoid-
mgly.
Mr. "MOEPJLL. I object.
i'ost-eoute bill.
Mr. ALLEY, by unanimous consent, moved
to take from the Speaker's table the Senate
amendments to the post-route bill, and that
they be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
trade with british america.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the
rules, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union, (Mr. Ixgeusoi.l in the chair,) and pro-
ceeded to the consideration of House bill No.
3-J7. regulating trade with the British North
American possessions.
The CHAIRMAN. The amendment pend-
ing moved by the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
Price] is to strike out ''one" and insert
"two,"' so it will read, "beef, two cents per
pound:'1 to which the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Bkiuify] moved an amendment to
strike out "one'' and insert "onehalf."
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. ROSS. 1 move to amend by striking
out "fifteen1' and inserting "twenty-five," so
it will read—
Broom-corn, twenty-five per ccnt. ad valorem.
The amendment war, agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to add the proviso
that this shall not take effect for one year.
Mr. Chairman, I hope the House will consent
to act upon this bill with reference to making
i a practical measure. Now, in regard to this
'irilcle of broom-corn, I suppose if we adopt the
ivncndmeut in the House of twenty-five per
cent, we merely offer a hint to the Provinces
as io the way in which they shall fix their duty.
As I understand the matter we sell them far
more broom-corn than we buy from them.
I perceive there is a spirit here on the part
of those opposed to this bill to load it down as
the taiiff of 1828 was loaded down liv gentle-
men of the South. Then they said they would
make New England molasses so sweet that it
would disgust-them. If gentlemen will under-
' take to make, a tariff bill that will operate
equally on all pans of the country they will
soon find it is not a very easy job. Gentlemen
who believe they can make a tariff bill which
will suit every section of the country and every
gentleman in this House, I advise to try it once
for themselves.
For myself, and for the Committee of Ways
:md Means. I will say that we have endeavored
to make a bill that would be fair and proper as
a national measure, and I utterly scoul and
scorn the idea of legislating in beliall of a single
in tick: ill this bill with reference to its being a
product of New England or the West, or the
North or the South. I take it that we are the
Representatives of the whole United States,
and the idea that is brought up here constantly
through the course of this debate, that one
portion of the Union is at war in its industrial
relations with the other, is, so far as the Com-
mittee of Ways and "Means are concerned, utter-
ly without. foundation. We have refused those
amendments only which were put in by gen-
tlemen who desire to .destroy the bill. If the
House in its deliberate judgment shall disagree
with the committee, there is not another word
to be said. We adopt their action. But I beg
to say that we may make progress by making
only those amendments about which we are all
sincere and in earnest, and which are not made
lor the purpose of delaying or destroying the
bill by indirection. t. ,
Mr. UONKLING. Mr. Chairman, I agree
with the gentleman from Vermont that we had
better address ourselves to making substantial
progress in the important question before us,
and T am not sure that we can progress more
wisely than to pause at this point and see whether
we had better attempt further to press the bill.
The subject before us is a somewha.t grave one.
Great Britain has more square miles upon this
continent than we have. The people who in-
habit these possessions have atrade amounting
to $G8,000,000. As the treaty which has for
years regulated this trade was about to expire,
the Committee of Ways and Means felt that the
country demanded at its hands to propose some
substitute for the dying treaty which should
give the country some commercial advantages.
The committee therefore proposed a scale of
imposts, of which great complaints are made
in the Canadian and provincial press—a scale
more or less unsatisfactory to all those on the
other side of the frontier to be affected by it. The
attempt of the committee in reporting the pend-
ing bill was to regulate this subject by consult-
j ing legislation, by legislation which should lie
adjustable from time to time on ourpart to the
i spirit of liberality or of hostility which should be
exhibited on the other side.
Having proposed this measure, what do you
find ? Hardly an encouraging response from
the House certainly. We find gentlemen who
are the enemies of any such measure what-
ever. combining with the friends of particular
local propositions, of propositions to give ex-
cessive protection, for the purpose of so load-
ing the bill that it ought not to pass, and would
lead to no reciprocal action if it should. In-
deed it is already loaded with amendments
which violate the fundamental principles of
American policy. Looking at it as a revenue
measure it violates these principles. Why?
Because there is no need of imposts so enor-
mous in the case of any nation in this hemi-
sphere or the other. The revenue is abundant
without going to such extremes. The esti-
mates for the next fiscal year are $284,000,000.
The revenue is vastly in excess of that sum, and
we are able to dispense with a very consider-
able part of taxes, excises, and similar bur-
dens. As a question of protection the bill, as
already amended, violates the settled Ameri-
can policy. Why? Because wc arc imposing
imposts prohibitory, or nearly so, upon raw
material. For example, in the general tariff
as it now stands, common to the world, build-
ing-stone uncut is twenty per cent. Here we
propose to tax it, thirly-five per cent. Barley
stands at fifteen per cent, and we here propose
to tax it twenty-five per cent. Cattle are free,
here we put a high tariff on them. Why is all
this? Everybody knows that those who advo-
cate such amendments, and the majority which
carries them into the bill, really design to de-
stroy it by putting into it legislation special to
Canada upon which we would not stand for
one moment as applicable to the world. We
all know that no one seriously means to refuse
raw material from Canada at the same rate at
which we allow it to come in from the rest of
the world.
Looking to this action and at other indica-
tions my belief is that a determination prevails
against the measure as a whole. I will not say
that gentlemen are wrong in their hostility; that
is not the question at this point; my impression
is that it would be well, before expending more
time, to test the strength of the general prop-
osition. [make no motion, but my judgment
is that the Committee of* Ways aiid Means ought
not to struggle against the determination of the
House. As one member of the committee I do
not feel bound to do so.
Mr. MOILRILL. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. PRICE. 1 renew it for the salre of being
able to say that the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Coxki.ixo] is slightly mistaken in one re-
spect. I undertake to say just as positively, and
1 will try to say it just as distinctly, as that gen-
tleman made his statement, that everybody does
not know that every man who has attempted to
make amendments to this bill is in favor of
loading it down so as to kill it. I presume I
am understood. I want to say just as distinctly
and positively that every man who has made
amendments to this bill 
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman is better
understood than I am. I did not say that every
gentleman who offered amendments desired to
kill the bill.
Mr. PRICE. The gentleman said the
amendments, and that includes the whole
Mr. CONKLING. No, notthewhole at all.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman denies that
he means that, why then, that is enough.
Mr. CONKLING. Not at all.
Mr PRICE. I noted the language very par-
ticularly, and I thought I would take advantage
of the opportunity, if I got the floor, to deny
it, and 1 have done so.
Now, I want to ask the gentleman from New
York, or the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means, or any other gentleman, why
do we want to tax broom-corn if we do not
buy any from Canada? I)o we want to put a
tariff upon an article that we sell to tliem and
do not buy of them? And if that is a reason
for not putting twenty-five per cent on broom-
corn, the reason is just as forcible as against
fifteen per cent. We get no revenue from arti-
cles which wc sell and do not buy. If we buy
and do noi^sell, then we want twenty-five per
cent, instead of fifteen per cent. If the argu-
ment proves anything it proves too much, and
is therefore good for nothing.
And, now, to the great question before the
House. Here are agricultural products for
which we are not dependent on any foreign
countries. This is an agricultural country; the
success of every interest in the country depends
upon the agricultural interest of the country,
and unless these things are protected, then the
agriculturists of the country are the persons
who suffer. The amendments which I have at-
tempted to make to this bill 1 have attempted to
make in good faith, andbccausel believcthedoc-
trinesl have broached on the subject. The more
Hook at the subject, the more I believe them. If
we want to hold ont inducements to the Cana-
dians to bring in their flour, corn, buckwheat,
their hams, and other products, then I do not
understand the policy of legislation that seeks to
do it,. If they bring them, I propose that they
shall pay for it, because*this is preeminently
an agricultural country, and if any interest in
the country ought to bo protected, it is the
agricultural interest of the country.
Inasmuch as the gentleman who introduced
the amendment in reference to building-stone
is not present, I will say that if we have build-
ing-slone in the country we want to protect that
interest also and all other interests that are
peculiarly American. We wisli to protect them
against any other power, and particularly when
special legislation is sought to be brought into
the House for the purpose of overriding the
best interests of this country.
Mr. MORRILL. I merely desire to make
an appeal to the House that we may get through
with the bill this evening. We have got nearly
through with that part of the bill which I sup-
pose will excite debate. I think we are com-
ing to some provisions that all will concede
are of importance to us all; for instance, I sup-
pose that gentlemen from the West desire that
the avenues forthe transportation oftheir freight
shall be left open; and I hope, therefore, that
we shall bo able to make some progress in the
bill, and that its real friends will only make such
motions as they really desire to have passed.
Mr. SPALDING. If the gentleman will let
us vote on the bill instead of making so many
speeches, we may make some progress.
Mr. WINPIELD. 1 have been extremely
gratified at the declaration of the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means_ that the
only intention of this bill was to provide for an
equitable law to act as a substitute for our
Canadian reciprocity treaty, and I should have
been more gr&tificd if tho ch.tiirni&ii of the
Committee of Ways and Means had announced,
that the only purpose of this bill was to afford
revenue for the support of the Government.
I rejoice to learn that he has had no desire
in framing and presenting this bill for the con-
sideration of the House to foster any particu-
lar branch of American industry to the preju-
