2304
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
House of Representatives had passed, without
amendment, the following joint resolutions:
A joint resolution (S. It. No. 34) expressive
of the gratitude of the nation to the officers,
soldiers, and seamen of the United States ; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 75} making
appropriations for the expenses of collecting
the revenue from customs.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had concurred in theamend-
ment of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 107)
to provide for the better organization of the
pay department of the Navy.
USE OF THE HALL.
_ Mr. WILSON. I now ask that the resolu-
tion be taken up allowing the use of the Hall
to Mr. Murdoch.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the following resolution,
submitted by Mr. Wilson- on the 27th of April:
Iteiolved, That the use of the Senate Chamber be
granted to James E. Murdoch, Esq., on Thursday
evonmg. May 3, for the purpose of giving a reading
}<> • the benefit of the fair to be held in this city for
the National Home for the Orphans of Soldiers and
bailors.
Mr. RIDDLE. When this resolution was
offered by the Senator from Massachusetts last
week 1 objected to its reception. The reasons
which induced me to object then actuate me
now in opposing^ its adoption. I admit the
talent and the ability of this great dramatist,
but 1 am unwilling, by my vote at least, that
tais Hall, dedicated to legislation, shall be
converted into a theater. There are plenty of
halls in the city of Washington, and if this
gentleman will get, a hall for rent I pledge my-
self to take several tickets and to donate that
money for the purpose winch he is so anxious
to assist, but never with my consent shall this
IIull be converted into a theater or for any such
purpose. You employ messengers and door-
keepers here, and you pay them a limited
sal'iry, and yet A, R. C. and 1) may come in
here and get the privilege of the Hull, and you
keep these messengers and doorkeepers here
unlii midnight,- von abuse your furniture; you
wear out yourcarpets ; and'ail this for nothing.
Let .Mr. Murdoch go elsewhere." I hope the
Senate will not pass the resolution of the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts, and will not gr.int
the use of this Hall to James E. Murdoch or
anybody else.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that during
the war Mr. Murdoch devoted most of his time
to l he cau a of the country and of the soldiers,
and gave one of his own sons, who fell in the
war. _ Twice during the war he gave readings
in this Hall; and I remember that on both
occasions President Lincoln was present, and
also Mr. Chase, and many of the most eminent
men of the country. The Chamber was crowded
by most excellent people; perfect order was
preserved; no harm came of it, and I appre-
hend no harm will come of it now. It is a
contribution to the cause of an asylum for the
orphan children of soldiers and sailors who
fell in the war. I hope we shall grant this
privilege. If hereafter it is the intention or
the purpose of the Senate to exclude all
exhibitions of this kind, or of any other, from
the Hall, let us settle the point, but 1 hope we j
shall not begin on this occasion. j
?rr> I hope we will settle it now. !
Mr. RIDDLE. I wish to ask the Senator I
from Massachusetts whether the House of j
Representatives have not passed a rule pro- !
Inbituig the use of their Hall to any person 1
except lor legislative purposes. i
Mr. WILSON. I understand they have!
done so at this session. j
Mr. CONNESS. I move to amend the res- '
olunon by striking out all after the word
' resolved," and inserting the following:
ib? Se,nfi;ewi11 not errant theuseof theSenate
Chamber for lecturer ox readings or other such tiiir
poses. * U1
1 am willing to contribute to tlie extent of
my means for the purpose, but it is clear to my
mind that this Chamber should not be granted
for this purpose, and that until a rule on the
subject shall be adopted the warm-hearted
May 1,
Senator from Massachusetts who leads in
these matters will pour in upon us here, as the
representative of the lecturers of both sexes in
the country, requests for the use of the Cham-
ber.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know Mr. Murdoch, and
I know that he deserves this compliment on the
part of the Senate ; still I would not grant it to
him if it was a mere personal favor; but the
cause for which he will read on Thursday next
is one that appeals to us so keenly and so
warmly that I cannot refuse the request. The
ladies of this city, and, indeed, many ladies
throughout the country, are very much inter-
ested in establishing an orphans' asylum for
the children of soldiers and sailors who have
been killed in the service. They are now mak-
ing great efforts hi that direction. They are
holding their fairs. They are giving public
concerts. I attended one 1,he other night that
yielded them from six hundred to a thousand
dollars, and the performers were all ladies and
gentlemen of the city who gave their services
gratuitously, and the hall was given gratui-
tously. It seems to me, the Senate of the Uni-
ted States cannot deny this small privilege when
the object is to educate the orphan children of
the soldiers and sailors who gave their lives in
our service. It is the cheapest mode ia which
we cau aid these beneficiaries, and I am per-
fectly willing to grant, the use of this Chamber
for any such purpose. If it was to inure to the
benefit of Mr. Murdoch, I would not do it: but
I know his generosity, and I know the feeling
that has actua'ed him during the whole war.
He gave assistance to the soldiers and sailors, j
He went into the camp. He read for them j
and cheered them. Indeed, he devoted four I
years of active life almost to their service, and
gave a son to the cause of the country. No
one could appeal to us more strongly than he;
hut I would not grant the use of this Chamber
even to him if it were to inure to his benefit,
put in consideration of the cause for which ho
is to give this reading, [ certainly am wiiiing
to devote the Hall for such a purpose at. any
time, i do not think the damage will be very
material if the Hall is taken care of.
Mr. POMEROY. I donot think we should
put up the bars so that we shall not be able to
grant the use of this Hall for any purpose,
even if we do not let Mr. Murdoch have it. I
think the Senate can consider each case when
it is presented; and if they choose to £rant
the Hall for a particular purpose, 1 think we
had better allow them to do it. I do not be-
lieve in passing an amendment to this resolu-
tion by which we shall deprive ourselves of the
power of granting the use of the Hall to any-
body we choose. I take it, the Senate will
always have the good sense and judgment to
be discreet in the matter, and will grant the
use of the Hall to such persons as they may
choose.
Mr. HOWE. I shall be very sorry if the
Senate shall adopt this amendment; I shall be
very sorry if the Senate shall decline to adopt
the resolution offered by the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts; and upon precisely the grounds
suggested by the Senator from'Ohio. I have
no idea that this Senate Chamber ought to
take the place of a concert hall or an assembly-
room; but, on the contrary, I have no idea
that this or any otherplaceis so sacred as that
you cannot allow, properly, the cause of hu-
manity to be served in it. \\ hen you find any
such erection in the Lnited States, whether it
be the Senate Chamber or a synagogue, I am
for taking it down. Mr. Murdoch proposes to '
read somewhere one evening in the cause of
humanity. The Senate Chamber of the Uni-
ted States should be the first, if it is the most
convenient hall, whose doors should be opened
to such a call.
Mr. CONNESS. It appears to be evident,
at least to my mind, that the bars must not be
erected, and that humanity has many advocates
here. I am very glad that that is the case. I
propose to bo humane, as I believe it a duty
to be, in another way. But my purpose was
merely to develop the judgment' of the Senate
in regard to this question. If it is the pleasure
of the Senate to grant the use of the Chamber
for this purpose, 1 of course have huh* to say-
on the subject. I withdraw the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn, and the question is on the
adoption of the resolution.
Mr. ANTHONY. I should like to have the
resolution so amended as to apply only to the
gaileries, and not have the floor open.
Mr. WILSON. I hope that amendment will
not be made.
Mr. A N TIIOXY. I will not move the amend-
ment if the Senator who has charge of the reso-
lution does not assent to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator withdraw the motion to amend the
resolution ?
Mr. AN I HON Y. Yes, sir; as the Senator
from Massachusetts does not like it.
The resolution was adopted—ayes twenty,
noes not counted.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the
resolution granting the use of this Hall to Mrs.
Walling for the purpose of a lecture. The
resolution was passed some time since, but was
subsequently reconsidered, and is now on the
table, I believe.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The reso-
lution has passed from the desk. It will be
returned in a few moments.
Mr. WADE. I suppose it will come in pres-
ently. We all know what the resolution is.
It is to grant, this Hall to this lady to deliver
a lecture pertaining to national affairs. It, was
offered here some time ago and was discussed
at some length. She wishes to have the use
of the Hall on Monday evening, the 7th instant,
and I will state now, while the Clerks are hunt-
ing for the resolution, that I shall move to
amend it in that particular, changing the time.
'1 he day fixed in the resolution originally I be-
lieve has passed. I had nothing to do with the
introduction of the resolution, but since it has
been introduced I have seen the recommenda-
tions of this lad}-, and they are from such re-
spectable sources that I have no.doubt of her
character and no doubt that it is good and com-
mendable. 1 understand that she lectured be-
fore the Legislature of Ohio, in the Hall of Rep-
resentatives there, to the great acceptation of
the members and the people who were present. I
am informed that the papers spoke very highly
of her lecture. I know nothing about it in any
other way. I move to take up the resolution
because it has been pendingforagood while, and
it appears to me that, under the circumstances,
we ought to grant this request, even if we grant
no other. It seems to me we shall not be deal-
ing entirely right with this question unless we
do so. W e all understand the circumstances
under which that resolution was reconsidered.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my colleague
if the proceeds, or the money charged at the
door, is to go_to the benefit of this lady.
Mr.^ V\ ADE. I do not know that she charges
anything. I liave no knowledge on that point.
I donot know but that it isagratuitous lecture.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is a free lecture.
Mr._ WADE. Her lectures are said to be
very interesting, and she is said to be very
able. I am told that it is a gratuitous lecture.
I hope that the use of the Hall will be granted
under the circumstances ; and then if it should
ijevfe ^ ®enate t0 Pass, a resolution that the
Hall shall never be used for this purpose a<*ain,
I have no objection. I think, under the°cir-
cumstanccs in winch this resolution has placed
this lady, that in justice to ourselves and to
!}®r  we ought to give her the use of the Hall.
lhe Hall has been used before. It was said
m the debate on a previous day, that this Hall
had never been used for a purpose of this sort
before ; but that is not so. I am told that
Miss Grace Greenwood—I believe that is not
her proper name, which I have forgotten—
has lectured here in this Hall. I do not re-
member it, but I have no doubt it is so. I
hope we shall grant the privilege under the
circumstances.
Mr. SHERMAN. As there is no hurry
