280
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 17,
time I made the comparison I expressly asked.,
pardon of Frederick Douglass for using his
name in that connection. I am very happy to ,
have had .occasion to speak in commendation ;
of that gentleman, both as to his ability and his
clicir&ctcr
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, in order to weigh
the comparative merits of the two propositions
now before the House, let me recur briefly to
the nature of those propositions, the condition
of the District and the community to which
they are applicable, and then I will briefly
consider some of the objections that are put
forth to my own amendments as proposed.
This District contains a population of very
mixed character—a white population, which is
now the sole depositary of political power, un-
doubtedly embracing all those grades of popu-
lation that most of our large cities contain, lrom
extreme wealth, high intelligence, and cultiva-
tion, down to the lowest poverty, want, vice, and
degradation. It contains a black population
embracing almost as wide a sweep ol distinc-
tion, a large part of which, I venture to say,
from my own personal observation, is an edu-
cated, intelligent population, perfectly capable
of appreciating the political questions which
from time to time come before (lie country, and
questions that may be referred to them for their
action in their municipal organizations, as in an
average community of while men the country
over. It contains a population of black tax-
payers numbered by hundreds, assessed for
properly amounting to hundreds of thousands
of dollars. All these are now excluded from
the right of suffrage.
On the other hand, it contains a black pop-
ulation which, undoubtedly, approaches to the
very extreme of ignorance and degradation.
Not necessarily vicious, but necessarily igno-
rant, extiemely ignorant, and consequently, as
a matter of course, vicious to a greater or less
degree; a population that has come into this
District suddenly, ,jusl freed from slavery, with
all the marks of the burdens upon them that a
state of slavery necessarily lixes upon its vic-
tims.
Now the question issubmilted to us, how arc
we to deal \vitli all these different classes?
four couiscs, in substance, are open to this
Congress, and L sec but four. I. To let the
right of suffrage remain when! it now is, ex-
clusively in the whites. !i. To change (hat basis
but still retain the present di.itinelion, in some
degree, at lea,"l, creator or less, between white
and bl. ick ; that is, honing file right lobe un-
equally exercised by the two races. ;>. To ex-
tend suffrage equally and universally to while
and black. 4. To extend suffrage equally and
impartially to white and black, with limitations
and restrictions for the purpose of excluding
improper persons.
In what 1 Slave already said 1 have sufficiently
expressed my own views as to the first two
propositions J have here named—either to re-
tain the present system, or to perpetuate the
distinction of race or color in some form. To
each of these 1 am opposed under all circum-
stances.
Now, sir, who are the pai lies interested in
this question? Not merely the black, although
their interest in it is great; not merely the in-
habitants of this District, though their interest
in it, too, is great. 'J he nation is interested in
it as the proprietor of this District, its creator,
the Federal Government, whose location of its
capital here has in fact made what there is of
"Washington city. More than that, the officers
of the Government have a peculiar personal
interest in this question; the members of the
executive, the legislative, the judicial, and the
administrative departments of the Govern-
ment. all of whom spend more or less of their
lives here each year, these arc peculiarly in-
terested in the question, how best shall a firm,
temperate, vigorous municipal government be
sustained in this District?
The propositions which I submit are based
in my own mind solely upon this practical view
of the question. [ hove not introduced these
propositions from any political purpose, from
any desire to make political capital out of them.
I put them forward as containing, in my view,
the safest and best basis of a system on which
the municipal affairs of this District should be
administered.
I propose, first, that those who can read may
vote. 1 have listened to many of the objec-
tions raised to this proposition, and T receive
with all allowance and consideration objections
that have been made from different quarters.
It is objected by members from the West that
they could not stand upon this proposition at
home, because among the pioneers of the West
there is a large class of intelligent persons who
are wholly uneducated in books. It is objected
to by gentlemen from Massachusetts that al-
though an educational test is successful there,
it is not applicable under the state of things
here, for the opposite reason ; that in Massachu-
setts there is and long has been in operation a
system of education so universal, so complete,
so abundant in its resources that the educational
test is practically of no importance there, for in
effect all vote.
It seems to me, Sir. Speaker, that these two
objections answer each other as far as they go.
"It is a sufficient answer to each of them to say
that this proposition does not affect the right
of suffrage in Illinois nor the right of suffrage
in Massachusetts. It is a question simply as
to this District in its present condition and with
its' present population.
Sir, I entirely disclaim the idea that whatever
basis we may establish for the exercise of the
right of suffrage in the District of Columbia is
necessarily to be taken as applicable to any State
of the Union, her myself, i say with frankness
that in my own State I would propose a differ-
ent basis, for the reason that my own Stale
stands under dilfeient circumstances and with
a different population.
It is objected lliat this proposition is to be
viewed with suspicion on account of its origin. It
is said t hat the educational qualification in Mas-
sachusetts is a bequest from the late lamented
Know-Nothing party. Well, Mr. Speaker, 1
confess that if anything is calculated to give me
a piejudicc against it, that is it. t have not, and
never had, any sympathy with the Know Noth-
ing parly. I apprehend, however, that there
arc many gentlemen upon this floor who will
discover not lung lo excite prejudice in their
minds to this measure in the fact of its origin
(here: and wherever it originated, as I never
held lo the dogma, that, no good can come out,of
Nazareth, I am willingio take it without regard
to ils origin, i have listened to words of wis-
dom upon this floor from gentlemen whom I
rccTignizo as former prominent members of the
Know-Nothing partv, both on this side of the
Hall and upon the other.
it was argu'ed at length by the gentleman
from Indiana, [ Mr. ,Jri.ia\,j in his speech yes-
terday, I hat education is not a perfect and com-
jihte test of the right, of suffrage. Most cer-
tainly I should never claim that it was. I do
not, know any systems of human government
that are perfect. Perhaps they have them in
Indiana. 1 certainly know of none elsewhere.
But will it be contended that education is not
presumptively a better test of fitness to exer-
cise' the right of suffrage than ignorance? Will
it be conl ended that of five hundred men who
can read, and the same number who cannot
read, taken at random, the former will not in-
clude a larger number fitted to exercise the
i i.aht of suffrage 1han the latter ? 1 have cer-
tainly never pretended that it was an infallible
test. It is one of the things we take as an ap-
proximation. as the best tiling we can do toward
securing a fair test.
My next proposition is that tax-payers in this
District shall have the right of suffrage, whether
t hey can read or not. My first proposition cov-
ers all that can read ; and next I say that tax-
payers shall vote whether they can read or not.
This is mot with most strenuous objection from
different quartern. Gentlemen seem struck with
a sudden horror of the idea that a man may vote
when he has property and pays taxes, and not
when he has not. Why, Franklin's jackass has
been trotted out on this floor by the gentleman
from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers,] and has been
put through his paces several times since. He
is an animal that has made a great deal of noise
from the time of Balaam down to the present.
I do not think it follows that he is an animal
whose lead it is worthy to follow. I submit that
there is a sound, well-considered reason for this
provision in my amendment. The man who
owns property and paystaxesupon it in this Dis-
trict has by that very fact an interest in the ad-
ministration of the Government herethatshould
entitle him to a voice in it, and in the laying of
taxes and the disbursement, and application of
the revenues derived from them.
But gentlemen say the connection between
property and suffrage is odious. I would like to
ask gentlemen if the connection between tax-
ation and representation is and has been for the
last hundred years so odious a thing in this
country. I have an impression that within the
hundred years past this country has taken very
decided position on the idea that there was a
very proper connection between taxation and
representation.
Bear in mind that I do not propose a prop-
erty qualification here a? a restriction upon suf-
frage, but as an extension of it. I take the
basis which Massachusetts has laid down for
her citizens, and in addition to all they give,
extend the right of suffrage to all those v, ho pay
taxes; not simply on the ground suggested here-
tofore by my colleague from the Utica district,
[Mr. Coxklixg ;] not entirely on the ground
that it is evidence of thrift, and'that thrift is
evidence of such sagacity, prudence, and wis-,
dom as fit its possessor for the exercise of the
right of suffrage, although there is sound philos-
ophy in that idea; but I put it on the further
ground that the tax-payer has an interest to
protect, a substantial right upon which he is
entitled to be heard.
And next, upon an entirely different ground,
I propose to give the right of suffrage to those
who have served in the military or naval ser-
vice of the country and have been honorably
discharged. This stands on no ground of pe-
culiar fitness, or having mi interest to protect;
but simply on the ground that the very fact that
men have honorably served their country in
arms does entitle them to the favorable con-
sideration of Congress ; and as a matter of grat-
itude we may fairly extend to the discharged
soldiers of our loyal armies the right of suf-
frage. 11 is very probable that in certain cases
this may give the right to improper individuals.
Our armies are undoubtedly not made up exclu-
sively of the most correct, moral, and refined
portion of the community. But iuthe mass I
venture to say they are not unworthy of the
boon it is proposed to confer upon them.
My amendments also propose another quali-
fication, or rather another exclusion. That is,
that those who have been in arms against this
nation during the late rebellion, or who have
acted in aid or comfort, of that rebellion, shall
be prohibited from voting. Objection has been
made to this proposition, and the question has
been asked of me whether I belies e that recon-
struction is possible in the southern States with
the exclusion of all who have been in arms
against, the Government. My answer to this is
the same that it has been upon other proposi-
tions; that whatever may be the rule applied
to this District, it by no means follows that t hat
rule is to be applied lo the States of this Union.
And 1 say unqualifiedly that I would not, seek
to enforce such a rule upon the southern States
when they shall come back to their proper re-
lations to this Government. But in regard to
this District it does strike me that there is a
peculiar fitness and propriety in this provision.
Men who went from this District, residents and
voters here, and joined the armies of the trai-
tors, have no palliation whatever, nothing to
urge. They are traitors of the deepest dye.
The flimsy pretense of allegiance to State au-
thority, under which so many from the southern
States sought to cover their defection from and
treason to their country, had no application
here. The rebels who went from this District
