1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
4m
Mr. HOWE, I ask the Senator if he is not
mistaken on that very point.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly not.
Mr. HOWE. My recollection is different.
Mr. HARRIS. Certainly not. Unless there
is some legislation the Army will go to pieces
at the end of the war; it will be broken up.
Now, we have failed to pass an Army bill. A
committee of conference laboring at that mat-
ter have reported that they are unable to agree.
We are about to adjourn. If we do adjourn
these nine regiments of infantry, the regiment
of artillery, the regiment of cavalry, and the
staff corps must be discharged at tlie end of
the war. I suppose it is to terminate very soon.
The object of this resolution—and with the
little amendment proposed by the Senator from
California that object is accomplished—is to
continue the existing laws in relation to the
Army until we can meet again and pass an
Army bill. That will be effected, undoubtedly,
by this resolution.
The PRESIDENT pro t&m-pore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
California to insert in line four the words "and
now in force."
•The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I move farther to amend
the resolution by adding the following as addi-
tional sections:
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That there shall
bo added to the Army four regiments of cavalry, two
of which shall be composed of colored men, having
the same organization as is now provided by law for
cavalry regiments. And the original vacancies in the
grades of lirst and seuendlientenant shall be filled by
selection from amonff the officers and soldiers of vol-
unteers; and two thirds ot the original vacancies in
each of the grades above thatof first lieutenant shall
be filled by selection from among the otlicers of vol-
unteers, and one third from olxicers of the regular
Army, all of whom shall have served two years in the
field during the war and have been distinguished for
capacity and good conduct. And the President is
hereby authorized to enlist and employ in the Terri-
tories and Indian country a force of Indians not to
exceed one thousand to not as scouts, who shall re-
ceive the pay and allowances of cavalry soldiers, and
be discharged whenever the necessity for their fur-
ther employment is abated, or at the discretion of
the department commander.
Sec. 3. And be it farther resolved, Thatsection three
of the ael approved February 20, 18G3, authorising
the appointment of a Solicitor of the War Depart-
ment be, and the same is hereby, repealed, and the
Provost Maislial General's office and bureau shall be
continued only so long a3 the Secretary of War shall
deem necessary, not exceeding thirty days alter the
passage of this resolution.
Skc. 4. And be it further resolved, That the third
section of the act entitled "An act making appro-
priations for the support of the Army for the year
ending 30th of June, I860," shall continue in force tor
one year from the passage of this resolution: Pro-
vided, That no officer who is furnished with quarters
in kind shall be entitled to receive the increased
commutation of rations hereby authorized.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered to
be engrossed for a third reading, was read the
third time, and passed.
PROTECTION OF THE REVENUE.
Mr. CLARK. I submit the following report
from the second committco of conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the
amendments to the bill (II. R. No. 780) to pro-
tect the revenue, and for other purposes, and
I ask that it may be acted upon now, so that it
may go to the House and the matter be closed:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. A'o. 7SU)_to protect the revenue, and tor
other purposes, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second, third, fourth, fifth, and sixth amendments
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement
to the fiiet amendment of the Senate, and aeree to
the same with an amendment as follows: in line
nine, page 1, of the engrossed bill, strike out "$2 5U"
and insert in lieu thereof "three dollars," and the
Senate as^rce to the same.
That the Senate recede from their seventh amend-
ment and n?reo to the ninth section of the bill with
the following amendments: in line two of said sec-
tion strike out the word " imported," and in the same
line, after the word " merchandise," insert the fol-
lowing words: " hereafter imported;" and at the end
of said ninth section add the following words: "Pro-
vided further, That nothing herein contained shall
Star Coxa. 1st Seav -No. 2f>5.
apply to long-combing or carpet wools, costing twelve
cents or 1 c.-s per pound, unless the charges so adfled
shali carry the cost above twelve cents per pound, in
which case one cent per pound duty shall be added,"
and the House agree to tho same.
That the Senate recccle from their eighth amend-
ment.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with amendments as follows: in lice two of
said amendment strike out the words "and directed
and in line three, after tho words "collection in'' in-
sert the words " any of," and the Senate agree to the
same. DANIEL CLARK,
P. «. VAN "WINKLE,
E. D. MORGAN,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. K. MOORHEAD,
JUSTIN S. MOIUULL,
0. DELANO,
Managers on the part of the House.
The committee recommend that the text of the bill
be amended by striking out the word " first," in line
one, pago 1 of said bill, and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "tenth."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the report of the com-
mittee of conference just read.
The report was concurred in.
The PRESIDENT_pro tempore. That closes
the question upon the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses, but the committee recommend a
change in the text of the bill. The proposed
change will be read.
Tbe Secretary read as follows :
The committee recommend that the text of the bill
be amended by striking out (lie word " lirst," in lmc
one, pago 1 of said biil, and inserting in lieu thereot
tho word "tenth."
Mr. JOHNSON. How will that change it?
Mr. CLAllK. The effect of that is merely
to put off tho operation of the law until the
10th instead of the 1st. We have got so near
tho 1st that the committee thought we had
better put it off a little longer.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on thus amending the text of the bill.
Is there any objection to this change? It re-
quires the unanimous consent of the Senate,
in the opinion of the Chair, to make the change
in the text of the bill. No objection being
made, it will be understood as the unanimous
will of the Senate that that alteration be made
in the text of the bill.
STATUE OF ABISAIIAM LINCOLX.
Mr. WILSON. I desire now to take up 
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator will
now allow me to call np the unfinished busi-
ness. It will occupy but a moment.
Mr. WILSON. Very .well.
Mr. CONNESS. I call for the unfinished
business which was laid over informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from California calls for the unfinished
business which was laid aside by common con-
sent, and it must be taken up unless common
consent is still given to its being laid aside.
The unfinished business is before the Senate,
being the joint resolution (II. R. No. 197) au-
thorizing a contract with Vitinie Ream for a
statue of Abraham Lincoln.
Mr. SUMNER. Before that is taken up, I
wish, with the consent of the Senator, that I
might be allowed to put a joint resolution on
its passage.
Mr. CONNESS. This will only occupy a
moment.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. CONNESS.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. CONNESS.
Mr. SUMNER.
Mr. CONNESS.
Tt will be debated.
Not if you do notdebate it.
It must be debated.
Will you debate it?
I shall debate it.
Let the Senator debate it
now. I shall not give way in that case.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to put a joint
resolution upon its passage that will take no
time.
Mr. CONNESS. That is asking too much.
Mr. CHANDLER. I ask my friend from
California to give way for a moment to allow
me to call up 
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot give way to the
Senator, after having refused another Senator.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution (H. R. No. 197) authorizing a con-
tract with Virmie Ream for a statue of Abra-
ham Lincoln, is before th6 Senate as in Com-
mittee of the Y/hole, and will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Resolved, &e„ That tho Secretary of the Interior
be, and he hereby is, authorized and directed to con-
tract with Miss v innie Ream for a life-size mod©!
and statue of tho lato President Abraham Lincoln, to
he executed by her at a price not exceeding $10,000;
one halt payable on completion of tho model in
plaster, and the remaining half on completion of the
statue in marble to his acceptance.
Mr. LANE. I move to postpone the further
consideration of this resolution for the purpose
of taking up the pension bills that have passed
the House of Representatives. I think it quite
as important to provide for the widows and
orphans of our dead heroes as it is to provide for
a statue of President Lincoln. Under proper
circumstances 1 might vote for this appropria-
tion ; but I cannot consent to have it taken up,
so far as my vote is concerned, to the exclu-
sion of the bills that have already passed the
House granting pensions to the widows and
orphans of our dead soldiers.
Mr. CONNESS. This is a House resolution.
Mr. LANE. -The bills I desire to have taken
up are House bills.
Mr. CONNESS. There is time enough to
pass those bills. I hope wo shall get a vote on
this resolution as we have now got it up.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, there are
on your table half a dozen or more bills from
the House of Representatives, some of which
I have personal knowledge about, providing
for pensions to the widows and orphans of your
deceased officers and soldiers, where it is
known that those widows and orphans are in
absolul e want, suffering for the common neces-
sities of life ; and flic question now is, whether
we shall jeopardize; the passage of such bills,
the passage of which we owe as a matter of
justice and duty as high as any that can be im-
posed on man, to provide for a work of art.
What is the immense necessity of hurrying this
against all other things? I do hope that the
Senate will return to its reason long enough to
do justice before it provides for the gratifica-
tion of its tastes.
Mr. CONNESS. "We can have a vote on
this resolution while this question is being dis-
cussed. It will not 'stand in the way of the
pension bills.
Mr. PESSENDEN. It will bo discussed
very considerably before you pass it.
Mr. SUMNER. I am for pensions for those
who have suffercd'for our country. Let us go
forward and do justice to them before we un-
dertake to appropriate $10,000 for a statue. I
should say that if the appropriation was for a
known work of art; but it is not proposed now
to pay for any known work of art. We are to
commission an unknown artist, of possible
merit, but who has given no assurance that she
can produce a work worthy of so large a sum
as it is proposed to appropriate. However, I
shall not now, at this stage of the question,
discuss it in that aspect. If tho question is
proceeded with, I shall have something further
to say ; but 1 hope that the Senate will proceed
with tho consideration of pension bills.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I dislike to see the an-
tagonism of the Senators from Vermont and
Massachusetts to this measure placed in what
seems to me so unfair a light,. They appeal to
the Senate not to lay aside the pension bills for
the benefit of the soldiers to consider a work
of art. Nobody proposes to do it; but whatis
proposed to be done? The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts threatens to lay aside the pension
bills by making speeches on this subject. The
question is, will theSenator from Vermont and
the Senator from Massachusetts allow us to
take a vote on this resolution ? If they had
done so, it would have been disposed ol long
ago ; buttheSenatorfroniMassachusettsthreat-
ens that he will make speeches—for what ? lo
delay the soldier from getting his pension.
Mr. SUMNER. No.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then let the Senator
forbear and let us act. Vote down the propo-
sition, if you choose. We could have voted a
dozen times while these two Senators have been
