1346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March12,
Marston, Marvin, Morrill, Morris, Pike, Ross, Rons-
scan, Shanklin, Sloan, Taylor Thornton, Upson, Burt
Van Horn, William B. Washburn, Jamesl. Wilson,
and Woodbridae—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Benjamin, Blow, Boyer, Bromwell, Reader W. Clarke,
Sidney Clarke, Culver, Davis, Brings, Dumont, Eek-
tey, Eggleston, Farquhar, Einftk, GI ossbrenner, (j-ood-
yoar, wrider, GrinnoU, Griswold, Hale, Hart, Iloteh-
kiss, James-R. Hubbell, James Humphrey, James M.
Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Korr, McCul-
lough. Melndoe. McKee. Niblaek, Noell, O'Neill,
Patterson, Pomeroy, William H. Randall, Raymond,
John H. Rice, Rollins, Scofield, Smith, Stilwell,
Strouse, JohnL. Thomas, RobertT. Van Horn, Ward.
Warner, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, Williams, and
Wright—55.
So the enacting clause of tlie bill was stricken
Out.
■ During the call of the roll,
Mr. MYERS stated that Mr. O'Neill had
paired with Mr. Jokes.
Mr. SCOFIELD announced that lie had
paired with Mr. Patterson.
Mr. ANCONA stated that Mr. Joiiksox was
_ detained from the .House by sickness.
Mr. HILL announced that Mr. Stilwell
was confined at home by sickness.
The result of the vote was announced as
above stated.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to,.
PRINTING OV TESTIMONY.
"Mr. SCIIENCK. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution:
Memhal, That the Committee on Printing bo in-
structed to imiuiro into tho expediency of printing
twenty thousand topics each of the reports unit testi-
mony taken by tho seloct committee on reconstruc-
tion, and to report by resolution orotherwiso.
Mr. ROSS. I object-
Mr. SCIIENCK, I anticipated ail objection.
I move to suspend the rules to allow tho intro-
duction and reference of tho resolution.
Mr. ROSS. 1 demand the regular order.
The SPEAKER. This being Monday, a mo-
tion to suspend the rules is in order when no
other business is before the House.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demamHho yeas and
nays on the mo]ion to suspend the rides.
The yeas and niiys were ordered.
The "question was taken; and there were—
yeas y:j, nays 27, not voting (JI5; as follows:
YEAS --Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, IJeaman, Btdwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Boutwetl, Broomall, Buckland, liundy.Oobb,
CoiiklhiK, Cook, Cullom, Darlnipr, lJawes, UBla.no,
Deming, Dixon, Donnelly, liliot, l<aniswovth,Ferry,
Giivlield, Gi'innel!, AbnorC. Ifnrdiny;, Harris, llayes,
Henderson, lh^by, ilill, ilohnes, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Dennis Hubbard, John
H. Hubbaid, llulbtnd, ln^cfsoll, Jenckes, Julian,
Kellcy, Kelchnm, lvuykendn 11, Latlin, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lonuvear,
Lynch, Marston, Marvin, Me(:iui'l', McRiter, jVIer-
eur, Minor, Moorbend, Morrill, Morris, M'mlfon,
Myers, Newell, Orth, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price,
Sawyer, Sclienek, Seolield, Shollabai'Ker, Sloan,
i paldiiiK. Stnir, Ste\eus, Tliuycr, Kraneis Thomas,
Trowbridge, Upson, Van A.ernam, Kurt Van Horn,
Warner, Klihu Ji. Washburnc, William 13. Wash-
btt rn, \V olker, Jamcs F. W ilson, W lndom, and Wood-
brid^e—W.
NAYS-Mes-irs. Aneona. Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Clinnler,CollVoth, Dawson, Demson.KldridftO, Aaron
Hauling. Hosan, l'ldwin Nr. Hubbell, Latham, Lo
ISiond, Vl atviei 11, Radtonl, Samuel .1. Randall, Ritter,
Rogers, lloss,Rousseau, Sbanklin, Sitxraaves,Taber,
Taylor, Trimble, and Wmtield—117.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Dclos II. Aehley, James
M, Ashley, Barker, Baxter, Benjamin, Blow, Bran-
desee, Bionnvell, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke,
Culver, Bans, Octrees, Drig^s,Buniont, Eeklcy, L,;-
frle^fon. Knrqilliai, I'lliek, OlossbrennM', doodyear,
Krirler. (iriMiold. Hale, JI art, Uotchkiss. James R.
Tfubbeli, James Humphrey, James iU. Humphrey,
JohnL-on, Jones, Kasson. KeLo, Ivor, McCullousrli,
Mcindoe, McKee, Xiblack, ±\'icholson,Noell, O'Neill,
Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Pomeioy, William tl. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Rollins, Smith, Stilwell, Strouse, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, Wentworth, H'halcy, Williams, Stephen
F, Wilson, and Wright—G3.
So (two thirds voting in favor thereof) the
rules were suspended ; and the resolution was
received and referred, under the rule, to the
Committee on Printing.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. HILL gaid: My colleagues, Mr. Wasii-
BCitx. and Mr. NieujCK:, absent on leave, have
paired on this and all other questions of & sim-
ilar character.
Mr. THORNTON said: On questions of this
character I have paired with Mr. Barker until
next Wednesday.
The result was announced as above stated.
Mr. SCHICK moved to reconsider the vote
just taken; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FORTIFICATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to have acted upon
this evening House bill No. 225, making ap-
propriations for the construction,' preservation,
and repairs of certain fortifications and other
works of defense for the year ending June 30,
1867. I do not think it will take more than
half an hour. Possibly the House will agree
to consider it in the 'House under the five
minutes' rule.
Mr. CHANLEE. I object to that.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
"Wilson", of Iowa, in the chair,) and proceeded
to the consideration of the special order, being
House bill No. 225, making appropriations
for the construction, preservation, and repairs
of certain fortifications and other works of de-
fense for the year ending the 30th of June,
1867.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the first reading
of the bill, for information, be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ROSS moved that tho committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows :
Be it enacted hi the Senate and House of Repre-
sentative* of the United Sates of America in Congress
assembled, That the following sums be, and they are
hereby, appropriated out of anymoney in thoTreas-
urynot otherwise appropriated, for the construction,
preservation, and repairs of cortain fortiheations
and o ther works of defenso for tho year onding the30th
of June, 1867:
For Port Wayne, near Detroit, Michigan, $50,000.
Mr. FARNSWORTIT. I move to reduce
the appropriation to $'25,000.
Tho committee will observe by looking
through this bill that there are appropriations
of $50,000 for different forts and fortifications,
and other appropriations,.some larger and some
smaller. This is simply a transcript of the
estimates of General Delafield. Now, I am
liotprepared to vote for all these items of appro-
priation unless some good reason be given for
them. I believe one half will be sufficient, and
as much as we ought to tax our constituents
to pay. I think we can, as a general thing, re-
duce these about one half, without detriment
to tlie public service and with advantage to the
country.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we ought to con-
sider well before wo reduce the estimates. It
will bo recollected these fortifications are being
put into condition to mount the new guns upon
them. The old guns are being thrown away,
and now guns are being put in their place. It
maybe those having charge of this matter have
overestimated, but the Committee on Appro-
priations had no means of knowing that they
have been extravagant. Therefore, having no
means of knowing it, we had no means to
report on it.
I will say these are appropriations said by
the proper Department to be necessary for the
ensuing year to put these fortifications into con-
dition, such as 1 have stated. As I do notpro-
pose to occupy tho time of the House hereafter,
I have made this general statement.
Mr. BROOKS. I agree fully in tho remarks
of the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxs-
wortii. J that in a time like this, when our taxes
are so enormous we ought to hesitate a groat
deal before we go into a great expenditure for
fortifications. J speak as a man from the sea-
coast, representing a large commercial district,
more interested in having the coast fortified than
those in the interior: but it does seem to mo,
looking at our heavy expenditures and taxes
and the condition of the country, which at this
time is not alarming, we ought not to go into
these appropriations for fortifications unless
they are necessary. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations does not undertake
to defend the bill from any knowledge of his
own, but we have the mere assertion that such
are the estimates from the proper Department.
Military men, it is well known, are in favor
of large appropriations as the Treasury will
admit, and oftentimes larger; and I do not
wish to go further with these appropriations
without some examination 'on the part of the
Committee on Appropriations, and some evi-
dence that they are necessary, more particu-
larly, I repeat, taxed as we are and as we are
likely to be. It is indispensable, if we have any
regard for the suffering people in a time like
this, lo hesitate in our appropriations. The
science of fortification is constantly changing,
and we know changes are constantly taking
place in reference to artillery. We do not
know whether these are to be earthworks or
stoneworks. As I understand these appro-
priations, they are for the construction, en-
largement, or completion of granite or stone
fortifications.
Mr. STEVENS. They are a mere changa
for the purpose of mounting the new artillery.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I do not understand
that new artillery is to be put upon them.
Mr. STEVENS. I have so understood. I
understood they were mainly to be used for
that purpose.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, it appears by the reading of the bill these
appropriations are for the construction, preser-
vation, and repair of certain fortifications, and
not for mounting guns. Now, sir, I do not
think there is any pressing necessity for push-
ing this work with any great rapidity at the
present time.
The present high prices of material and labor,
I think, should have their effect upon the House.
We all hope tho time will soon come when this
work can be done for a much smaller sum than
it woufd now cost. I agree fully with what has
been said by my colleague [Mr. Farnsworth]
and the gentleman front New York, [Mr.
Brooks,] that we should make as small ap-
propriations as possible. I think we could get
along with fifty per cent, of this amount, re-
ducing the appropriation to that extent.
Mr. BROOKS. I wish the gentleman would
make a proposition of that sort for, say five hun-
dred thousand dollars or three hundred thou-
sand dollars, to be appropriated for the main-
tenance and repair of fortifications generally,
under the direction of the Secretary of War. I
would not wish to have these fortifications go
to ruin, or to have them neglected, only to be
kept in order in their existing state.
Mr, STEVENS. The committee struck out
$125,000 yesterday. If any gentleman chooses
to make a motion, although not strictly in order,
I think it would be entertained, that each of
these appropriations should be reduced fifty
per cent., he will find no objections from the
Committee of Ways and Means.
Mr. BINGHAM. I make that motion.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 1 think the
Committee of the Whole will agree to that.
Mr. BEAMAN. I have a single remark to
make. I have no means of knowing precisely
what is needed to be done nor how much money
it may take to put this fort in proper condition,
but I desire to call the attention of the com-
mittee to this fact, that this f'oit is within half a
mile of what may very soon be an enemy's coun-
try. The relations between this country and
England have been for some time on rather an
unpleasant footing, and as we are in such close
proximity with British territory I hope the com-
mittee will take this fact in^> fcnsideration be-
fore they reduce the appropriation.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am in favor of every
effort made here tending to economy in the ex-
penditure of the public money, but I do hope
whatever reduction may be made in this bill
generally, that it will not be applied to the Pa-
cific coast. You will all bear me oat that that
