3266
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
in its ability to do so if Congress will abstain from
enactments injurious to its credit and to its securities
on which its extensive financial engagements arc
made.
"2. It is the only company which has not asked an
extension of time. It has expended several hundred
thousand dollars in surveying and mapping different
lines, from the Missouri river to the eastern bound-
ary of California, for the purpose of ascertaining * the
most direct, central, and practicable route.'
"Its first one hundred miles were finished on the
4th instant, and the time prescribed by the act of
Congress for completing them is not yet ended. If
the existing laws are not interfered with, it will, at
the end of another year, be two hundred miles in ad-
vance of the point which it is required by that act to
reach. Its progress thus far has no parallel in the
history of railroads, and the company is prepared to
exceed in the future what it has done in the past.
"3. The company is now engaged in negotiations
hero and abroad for the sale of 820,000,000 of its first
mortgage bonds for the purpose of still further accel-
erating the work and responding to the impatience
of the country to see it completed. Some of its bonds
have been used in raising money. Those bonds tiro
protected by a mortgage on the wholo line of the
company's road in compliance with the authority
given by the act of Congress.
" The opinion of eminent counsel in regard to their
validity has been given and sent to France, England
and Germany in furtherance of the negotiations re-
ferred to. The acts of Congress relating to the road
have also been sent abroad, and one of the principa l
objections the company has had to combat is that
Congress might modify theso acts and diminish the
value of the company's securities; the objection has
been treated as chimcrica), and the eminent counsel
referred to says in his opinion concerning the validity
of the company's bonds, and with regard to such a
modification of those acts, that 'it is not admissible
to reason on the possibility of this being done, l't
would bo of the character of a simple violation of the
most clear and express public obligation.-'
"The very proposition to make the amendments
reported by the committee is most unfortunate. It
imperils the success of the company's negotiations.
If adopted it would probably defeat them. It would
compel the company to begin them anew and on a
new basis, and it would be most prejudicial to'thc
interests of the whole community by delaying the
completion of the urcat enterprise in sucecsstul prog-
ress. Its adoption would work a still greater injury
by destroying ooufidcnco in the stability of public
laws under which pecuniary obligations have been
contiacted. The credit the company has gained can
only bo piesei ved and the speedy execution of the
work it is engaged in can only bo insured by leaving
exiting laws unaltered.
"Having stated my objections to any alteration in
the act ot Congress concerning this company, I pro-
ceed to consider the proposed amendments in some
ot their details.
"The first section would not be regarded in its
prjH-lie.il results of material importance as proposed
to be amended, if it were certain that Us provisions
would bo carried out in good faith by the Union
1 nettle iaihvay, eastern division, and that this com-
pany would not be delayed in its progress. Itisopen
to the objections 1 have stated to any alterations ol ex-
isting laws; and it is loured that if the point in view
is conceded, application may bo made to Congress at a
future session to release that company from the obli-
gation to mute w*r,h the mam trunk of the Union
Pacific iailroad near Denver, and for authority to
go to the Pacific ocean on an independent line, thus
conducting a, competing road. AH that part of the
second section which by implication conlines Ihc
Union J acillc railroad in its woik to 'a continuous
and mibiolicn line,'and a at hoi izes the Central Pacific
itiulroud Company lo continue its road eastward till
it meets the former, u m the highest degicc piejudi-
cinl to tins company anil dangerous to the great
enterprise it is engaged in. It has been for some
months in contemplation to establish a rolling-mill
on the eastern slope of the lloeky mountains in Colo-
rado, wheie coal and iron ore nave been found in
close proximity, for the purpose of making rails and
laying track in both directions. The same purpose
lias boon entertained in regard to a roll ins-mill in
Utah, and exammalionshavcbecii made with a view
to that object. I3y this means, the company would
be a ble to work on three different sections of ita road
at the smno moment and greatly curtail the time
required tor lis completion. The proposed amend-
ment, by compelling the company to confine itself to
a continuous aiul unbro'ien line,' would deprive it
ot tfic power of thus accolcrating the work by pre-
venting it from dividing iLs working foiee, except
when timpmarily delayed by tho construction of a
bridge or tunnel.
It is earnestly hoped that a proposition so much
at variance with the interest of the company and
the country, ami so calculated to counteract and dis-
appoint the public expectation, will not receive tho
sanction of Congress.
"But the authority given to the Central Pacific
Kainoad Company to 'continue their road east-
ward until theyshall moot andconnect, &c., is open
to still graver objections. It is a legislative inter-
pretation by Congress of a preexisting act, or it is
intended to confer a new authority; in either point
or view it can be regarded in no other light than as
an invasion of vested rights which this company has
acqmred nnder tho acts of July 1, 1S62, and July 2,
ibb K All the arrangements of this cornpan v have been
made 011 the basis of those acts. To change it would
not only impair the value of the v ory large invest-
ments, amounting to 313,000,1)00, which this company
has made, but it would endanger the negotiations
referred to, and any other which might bo under-
taken hereafter, by destroying all confidence in the
stability of public legislation. This company raises
no question as to the interpretation of existing laws
with the Central Pacific Railroad, and will scrupu-
lously respect any rights which the latter may have
acquired under them. It only asks that all such
questions may be left to be settled when there shall
be a practical necessity for considering them.
" The interposition of Congress in the manner pro-
posed by the amendments is unnecessary and un-
called for. The Central Pacific Railroad Company
is only required to construct twenty-five miles of
road per annum, while this company is required to
construct one hundred miles per annum. It must bo
several years before tlie former company can com-
plete its road to a point one hundred and fifty miles
eastward of the eastern boundary of California; and
if there were no legal objections to this branch of the
amendment, it would be most unwise on the part of
Congress to interpose in any manner between the two
companies until it shall have seen which of them is
most likely by its diligence and its pecuniary ability
to carry out the objects of the grant and to respond
most effectually to the desire of tho country to seo
the work completed. _ ^
"In conclusion, I desire to suggest that the Union
Pacific Railroad Company is the'only one in which
the Government is represented by live directors ap-
pointed by the President of tho United States, and
that those gentlemen, who areof high standing, who
have the public interest alone in view, and who are
thoroughly conversant with tho condition of tho
great, work confided to the company, would not fail
to advise Congress through the proper department,
if there were any necessity for its interposition."
Mr. STEWART. This very worthy individ-
ual, General Dix, whom I do not wish to ques-
tion particularly, pleads for vested rights. He
admits that ho has got his mortgage. His
company forgot vested rights in 1864. The
Central Pacific Bailroad Company had spent
more money on the western end than all that
has been spent yet upon the eastern end ; they
had in the mountains fifty miles of road already
completed; and yet his agents, or whoever they
were, inteipolatedinto the law of 1864 a restric-
tion on that company that had spent its money
under the faith that it might go as far eabt as
its enterprise could lead, he not having stuck
a spade in the Omaha branch or the main
stem either, not having done a thing toward
building the road. Through the means of that
conference committee, as detailed by the Sen-
ator from California, he or his agents attempted
to put a barrier on tho western end. He for-
got vested rights at that time; and now when
wo want to get rid of that iniquitous legislation
we get a long lecture from that very honorable
and that very high-toned gentleman. When
he talks about mortgaging the whole line to
foreign capitalists, ho forgets that tho country
has a vested right to have this road built from
both ends. When he praises himself about his
constructing one hundred and twenty miles in
four years, ho forgets that he did not com-
mence when the law allowed liim to commence ;
he forgets that after he had Omaha selected,
after he had quarreled over that a long time
and finally got it designated, he wanted to make
an ox-bow and spent a year in getting an ox-
bow down the river to accommodate some
other point, making nine miles in twenty-three
additional; waiting nearly a year for its com-
pletion. He forgets that it was through his
instrumentality or that of his company that
they did not commence earlier. He forgets,
when he talks about the length of the road lie
is building, that he is on the plains and this
other company is in the mountains.
All we ask is simple justice, and we ask it at
the hands of the Senate; wo ask it at the hands
of General Dix if ho has control of this matter.
Wo ask that we shall have a chance. We do
not ask it for any particular company, but we
ask it in the name of the nation, that each end
shall be built as fast as possible, that no man
shall put an obstruction in it, and that no man
shall claim to own the road or the right to
mortgage it.
That is the way the road will be built speedily.
All I have stated is proved in that letter and
more, and it is the pretenses in that letter, it
is tho maps they present, it is the claim that
they are going on the western end to prevent
its being built, that we protest against.
jlr. POMEROY. The letter, I believe, does
not say that the road is mortgaged further than
they have the right to mortgage it under the
law.
Mr. STEWART. The whole length.
Mr. POMEROY. The letter does not say
they have mortgaged it the whole length;
Mr. STEWART. It does.
Mr. POMEROY. It only says they have
mortgaged it under the law, under the advice
of counsel, as they believed they had the right
to mortgage it. I will say that they have
already completed over one hundred miles.
They have the right to mortgage one hundred
miles in advance of any completed section.
That is two hundred miles. They are already
entitled to two million one hundred and eighty
thousand acres of land. They have tlie right
to mortgage that. Beyond that I do not think
the company have gone; I do not think they
have a right to go.
Mr. COXNESS. Mr. President, I said when
I was up before that I did not think the com-
pany had mortgaged their whole line. The
statement that the company had mortgaged
their whole line came from only two sources.
It is not contained in General Dix's letter.
He is more careful of what he writes. It was
contained in a letter received from a gentle-
man known as Clark Bell, who is some kind
of an attorney for the company, which letter
was receiver] by some member of the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad. He told it, and
then the Senator from Massachusetts when he
rose first to-day on the subject restated it. I
do not think, and so said, that it was a correct
statement.
i wish to say. now, and call attention to the
fact, though I do not give particular weight to
what General Dix says, that his objections to
the second section which he discusses do not
apply to the second section as now before the
Senate. The Union Pacific Railroad Com-
pany have representatives here. There are
many gentlemen here who have greater invest-
ments in the Union Pacific Railroad Company
than General Dix has or than Mr. Durant has,
and they have been consulted with, and the
first draft of tlie second section that we pre-
pared has been set aside at tlieir instance. Wo
have prepared a section acceptable lo them,
which they stated that they accepted. • It is
very different from the section as proposed ori-
ginally. It contains this proviso: they claimed
that they wanted the privilege of working ahead
of a continuous completed line; they might
want to do that; and so wo have made this
provision :
Provided, That each of the a.bove-namcd compa-
nies shall have tho right when the nature of the work
to be done by reason of deep cuts and tunnels—
And there is a trifling verbal amendment
there adopted—
to work for an extent of not to exceed three hundred
miles m advance of their continuous completed lines.
Under this section as it now stands they may
engage in doing difficult work for a distance
of three hundred miles in advance of a contin-
uous completed line. There can be no reason-
able objection to the section at all. I hope we
shall come to a vote.
Mr. STEWART. I just wis-h to read again
this clause from the letter:
" The bonds are protected by a mortgage on tho
whole line of the company's road in compliance with
the authority given by the act of Congress."
The whole line of the company's road.
Mr. POMEROY That is only the com-
pleted line.
Mr. STEWART. Then he states that inter-
fering with the other end is interfering with
the line he has mortgaged. That is the very
thing he complains of—interfering with their
mortgage because it is on the whole line of the
road. He says interfering with that end inter-
feres with the mortgage, and he says here they
have mortgaged the whole line of the road;
and that is the statement of a good many.
Mr. POMEROr. It is impossible to mort-
gage the line of a road that is not located, that.
is not fixed. They have not even located their
line of road. The mortgage has to be recorded
in every county through which the road passes,
and the definite location must be fixed before
they can sell any bonds.
Mr. CONNESS. I have no doubt the Sen-
