2306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
except in conjunction with the Senate of the
United States. As I stated yesterday, this
wholesale removal of officers commenced, I
believe, with General Jackson, it was contin-
ued by the Administration of Mr. Van Buren.
Afterward, when General Harrison became
President of the United States, it is a notorious
fact to all the members of the Senate that the
officers of the country were again changed.
The officers who had been selected by the
Democratic party during the twelve years of
the Administrations preceding were turned out.
and Whigs were put in their places. Again,
after Mr. "Polk was elected in 1844, a wholesale
removal was agajm carried on. In 1848, when
General Taylor was elected, and under Mr.
Fillmore's Administration, it is a notorious
fact another wholesale removal of officers took
place; and it has been continued from that day
down to the present time; and I dare say it
all proceeds from the idea advanced by Mr.
Madison in the debate of 1789. It will be rec-
ollected, however, that in that debate Mr. Madi-
son gave his opinion simply on the appoint-
ment of the chief executive officers who stand
in a confidential relation to the President. It
was in a debate on establishing the office of
Secretary of Foreign Affairs, our present Sec-
retary of State. There was some good reason
for giving the power of removal to the Presi-
dent in eases of that sort. Objections were
taken that the President should not have the
power to remove even those officers, standing
in so near and so confidential a relation to him-
self; and then Mr. Madison interposed his
opinion, and becoming involved in the debate
he afterward took the ground that the position
was equally applicable to all officers; and
therein consists the error, in my judgment, of
this whole false theory that has grown up in
the administration of the Government.
I have shown, I think, that it has been the
opinion of the leading men of all the political
parties of this country that this power of re-
moval was one not granted to the President by
the Constitution of the United States. It is
notorious that lilbridge Gerry was opposed to
it, and said that no such understanding ever
existed in the Convention. Iloger Sherman
took the same ground. I will state another
fact, while it is now before me, that the Judi-
ciary Committee of the Senate in 17x0, com-
posed of nine members, decided against the view
of Mr. Madison, and a majority of them voted
against the passage of the measure carried by
John Adams's casting vote. Of the members
of the Judiciary Committee at that day, com-
posed of nine as able men as then lived, live
voted against giving this power to the Presi-
dent. The Judiciary Committee of the body
that adopted the provision by one vote only
decided against the existence of the power to
remove on the part of the President.
But [ do not reot alone upon the opinions of
individuals. E might refer to the very able
opinion given by Mr. Hamilton in 17UU, years
after the decision of Congress so much relied
on, in a letter written to a friend of his. After
he himself had been in office as the head of one
of the Executive Departments of the Govern-
ment, he gave an opinion from experience that
his first views of the Constitution were- correct.
I refer next to J 'dge Story, in his work upon
the Constitution. He, referring to this original
debate, says:
That tho final uecision of tile question so made
was greatly influenced by the exalted character of
II resiue;nt then in office, was averted at the time,
and has always been behoved. Yctthe doctrine was
opposed, as well as supported, by the hischest talents
<vnu Pdti lous-in ot tne country. The public, however,
acquiesced ill this decision; and it constitutes, per-
haps, the most extraordinary case in the history of
tho Vovernmeutof a power, conferred by implication
on tne Execu ti ve by the assent of a bare majority of
Congress, winch has not been questioned on many
c"'-•easions. Kven the most jealous advocates
of fctate rights seem to have slumhered over thisvast
reach ot authority, and. have left it untouched as the
neutral sioui'd of coi.troveisy, in which they'desire
to reap n <> harvest, and fmnjivhich they retired with-
out leaving any prote-'tations of title or contest."—
Tory's on the Coastituion, vol. 2, sec. 1543.
Judg( Story declares it as his opinion that
the appointing power has the power of removal.
In regard to inferior officers we can give the
appointing power entirely t'o the President;
but if we do not* if we reserve the right to give
our advice and consent before the appointment
shall be made, then he is clearly of the opin-
ion, as are the courts that have adjudicated
upon the subject, that the Senate has a voice
in saying whether the officer shall be removed
or not.
I know that the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Jonxsox] insisted yesterday that Mr.
Madison ought to know, perhaps, better about
this subject than anybody else. If Mr. Madi-
son made no mistake on the question of con-
stitutional power, he clearly made a very great
blunder in regard to the future policy of this
Government on the subject. He made predic-
tions in regard to it which have not been ful-
filled. Por instance, Mr. Madison on the occa-
sion of that debate said—I refer to Gales &
Seaton's Debates, first volume, page 517—in
answer to an objection which was urged by Mr.
Gerry:
"The danger, then, consists merely in this, that the
President can displace from office a man whoso mciits
require that he should bo continued in it. What will
be the motive which the President can feel for such
abuse of his power and the restraints that operate to
prevent it? In the first place, he will be impeach-
able by the House for such an act of maladministra-
tion; for 1" contend that the wanton removal of mer-
itorious officers would subject him to impeachment
and removal from his own high trust."
Just think of it, Mr. President. Those gen-
tlemen who laid the foundation of this great
abuse of power in subsequent years of the Gov-
ernment took the ground that if the President
did thus abuse the power thus put into his
hands, he himself ought to be impeached!
That was not the view alone of Mr. Madison ;
but Mr. Vining also, on page 531 of the same
volume, remarked that—
"If the President removes a valuable officer, which
seems to be the great danger the gentleman from
South Carolina [Mr. Smith] apprehends, it would be
an act of tyranny which the good sense of the nation
would never forget."
Just think of it! Mr. Vining, who supported
the power of the President, says it would be
an act of tyranny on the part of the President
lo remove a valuable officer. Thousands and
thousands have been removed under different
Administrations, and removed without any
cause whatever except that they disagreed
politically with the power appointing them. If
this idea of Mr. Madison and of Mr. Vining
and of others in this debate which laid this
unfortunate precedent in the administration of
the_ affairs of this Government had prevailed,
various Presidents would have been impeached
and turned out of their offices. Mr. Baldwin
also in that Congress said "that such an act
would be an abuse of power." The mere re-
moval of an officer for opinion's sake and with-
out cause other than opinion's sake would be
an abuse of power which, in the language of
Mr. Madison, would subject the President him-
self to impeachment.
I think that, considering the fact that in every
opinion that has ever been given by a leading
statesman of this country from that day to the
present, this debate in the First Congress is
alluded to as authority, and considering the
additional fact that in every judgment of a court
from that day down to the present in which
this question came under review, this debate
has been alluded to for authority and the only
authority on the question, we ought to examine
the debate carefully, and if it turns out that the
views entertained by distinguished men on the
occasion have proven in the administration of
the Government to be false and ruinous to the
best interests of the Government, Congress
ought now to resume the power with which it
is clearly invested.
Without detaining the Senate I will allude
to the first judicial opinion that I find upon
this subject. It is reported in 1 Cranch, and
I desire to call to this decision the attention
of the Senator from Maryland, who expresses
very confident views on this subject, and with j
whom I was disposed to agree when I com- '
menced the examination of the subject. Itely- j
mg entirely on the long practice of the GoV li
ernment, and supposing that it was utterly
impossible that without good reasons the
Government should have fallen into this prac-
tice, 1 was disposed at first to agree with him,
but examination has led me to an opposite
conclusion. The decision to which I now refer
is that in the case of Marbury vs. Madison.
Of course the question did not arise directly in
that case, but a question akin to it did, and in
one point of view perhaps the question itself
arose; but it was avoided in the decision of
the court, because it passed off on the power
of the Supreme Court, in the exercise of its
original jurisdiction, to issue the writ of manda-
mus to compel Mr. Madison to give the com-
mission to Mr. Marbury. It seems that on the
day before Mr. Adams went out of office, on
the 3d of March, 1801, before the inauguration
of Mx\ Jefferson, he had appointed five justices
of the peace in the District of Columbia, under
a law which provided that they were to hold
their offices for five years. The commissions
were made out by Mr. Adams for those parties,
signed by him, and sealed by the Secretary of
State, but they remained in the office of the
Secretary of State. The commissions were
not delivered to the parties, and after Mr. Jef-
ferson came into office, Mr. Marbury applied
for a writ of mandamus to the Supreme Court
of the United States, to compel the delivery
of the commissions. The writ was to goagainst
Mr. Madison, who was Secretary of State, to
compel him to deliver the commissions to the
parties to act as justices of the peace for five
years. There is a concise statement of the
case in the second volume of Story's Commen-
taries on the Constitution, page 406, section
1546, where it is stated thus:
"This subject was very elaborately discussed in the
celebrated case of Marbury vs. Madison. Marbury
had been appointed ajustice of the peace of the Dis-
trict of Columbia for five years, according to an act
of Congress, by President Adams, by and with the
consent of the Senate. His commission had been
signed by the President, and was sealed and de-
posited in the Department of State at the time of
Mr. Jefferson's accession to the Presidency, and was
aiterward withheld from him by the direction of the
latter. An act of Congress had directed the Secre-
tary of State to keep the seal of the United States,
and to make out and record and affix the seal to all
civil commissions to officers of the United States, to
be appointed by the President, after he should liavo
signed the same. Upon the fullest deliberation, the
court were of opinion that, when a commission had
been signed by the President, the appointment is
final and complete. The officer appointed has then
conferred on him legal rights which cannot be re-
sumed. Until that the discretion of the President
may be exercised by him as to the appointment; bat
from that moment it is irrevocable. His power over
the office is then terminated in all eases, where by
law the officer is not remowble by him. The right
to the office is then in the person appointed, and he
has the absolute, unconditional power of accepting
or rejecting it. Neither a delivery of the commission,
nor an actual acceptance of the ottiee, is indispensable
to make the appointment perfect."
Now I will read a few passages from the
opinion of the Supreme Court in that case—it
was the unanimous opinion of the court, pro-
nounced by Chief Justice Marshall—to show
most clearly that no idea ever entered the brain
of a single judge that the President himself
had the right of removal in cases where the
law reserved to the Senate the power of con-
senting to the nomination before it was com-
plete. The Senator from Maryland takes the
ground—and I admit that he has the authority
of the first decision by Congress, in 17S9, but
he has no other authority, because that decis-
ion is everywhere allu'ded to by the judges in
their opinions, and they rely upon that alone—
that the President has the right to remove an
officer. I admit that that was the opinion given
by_Mr. Madison, but I desire to read from the
opinion" of the Supreme Court, to which 1 have
called the attention of the Senate, as bearing
on that point. The question arose whether
under the circumstances I have stated the Pres-
ident had the right to withhold the commis-
sion. It was perfectly clear that the appoint-
ment had been made and confirmed by the
Senate, but Mr. Madison, the Secretary of State,
refused to deliver the commission, which was
tantamount to a removal of the officer after his
appointment, and it was notorious that Mr.
Jefferson, the President, had so ordered it to
