1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
them to conform to any reasonable conditions
which yon can impose. Justice—impartial,
*'equal, and exact justice"—is the first duty of
a nation. There is no people, however weak
and small, which is not strengthened and enno-
bled by it; there is none, however great and
strong, which can with safety disregard its sol-
emn obligations. He who answers its immortal
appeal with ridicule and evasion, and he who,
although his conscience is convinced, has not
the courage to give his voice in favor of the
right, are alike unequal to the duties and un-
worthy of the responsibilities of the present
hour.
jVlr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, my colleague says that I have estab-
lished no foundation for the case I have cited
of Hobb against Fogg. I have shown that it
was the supreme law of the land ; that it was
the supreme law of the State of Pennsylvania.
The gentleman docs not deny that fact. If he
says that it has no weight I have only to leave
him in that position. So long as it is consti-
tutional law judicially decided I claim for it the
consideration of this House.
Mr. THAYER. If the gentleman had taken
the trouble to listen to my argument he would
not have made this interruption. The House,
or that portion which listened to my argument,
will remember perfectly well the point I made
when I referred to my colleague from the first
district. I did not deny that there was the de-
cision ho referred to of Hobb against Fogg. I
did not deny that it was made thirty years ago,
and that it was the law of Pennsylvania, hav-
ing been made by the highest judicial tribunal
of that State. I do not controvert the correct-
ness of the gentleman's citation. What I said
was, that we had not been asleep during the
last thirty years. Why, Mr. Speaker, are we to
learn nothing from the great trials and revolu-
tions through which we have passed? When
the institution which lay at the bottom of this
discrimination has been broken into pieces,
ground into powder, after four years of war,
which was begun for its maintenance; when no
fragment of it is left in the southern States, are
we to be told that a "tuppenny" case, cited by
the gentleman here from a report made thirty
years ago in the State of Pennsylvania, is to
answer an argument founded upon the interests
of justice and the duty of the country?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman will allow me a moment, 1 only
asserted that that was the law. The argument
of the gentleman cast a reflection upon the
judgment of the court in that case. Now, I go
further, and say that, in obedience to the law
set forth in that ease, and in obedience to the
will of the people of thai State, the contention
called to amend the constitution of that State
inserted the word "white" so that the judg-
ment of the court could be carried out without
equivocation or evasion.
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman tell me,
if he pleases, what that has to do with the argu-
ment ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I did not
interrupt my colleague, but I only rose to ask
whether he did not admit that was the law as
settled by the highest judicial authority of Penn-
sylvania. Having had a response, my object
in rising has been accomplished.
Mr. TH A YE R. The gentleman has not list-
ened to my argument. I did not deny that it
was the law of Pennsylvania. What I said was
that it had nothing to do with the subject before
_ the House, that it had no bearing upon the sub-
ject, and was therefore no answer to the argu-
ment that justice and the best interests of the
country required the right of suffrage to be
given to that class in this District, although it
was decided in the ease of Hobb against Fogg
that a negro should not vote.
Mr. W1NFIELD. Does the gentleman mean
to assert that the antiquity of that decision de-
prives it of sanctity ?
Mr. THAYER. I will answer the gentleman
with great pleasure. It is altogether practically
useless, because this decision was made while
the constitutional convention was in session.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir,
before.
Mr. THAYER. I believe it was a case got
up for the purpose of having effect on the con-
vention.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman allow
me one word? I had the misfortune to be a
member of that convention. [Laughter.] It was
called mainly to change the tenureof the judges,
to make it elective instead of appointive. The
question in regard to negro suffrage was also
known to be coming up, and it was thought
that that would help to bring about the calling
of a convention. The judges of the supreme
court did not want a convention because they
were satisfied with life tenure; and just before
the election took place upon the question of
calling the convention, the judges got up this
case outside, and thought in that way to pre-
vent the calling of a convention. I know all
about it. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. As my colleague [Mr. Ste-
vens] was a member of the convention, he is
the best possible authority for anything that
relates to this particular matter so far as it has
any bearing upon that convention. I hope the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Randall]
is answered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir.
My colleague [Mr. Stevens] who was a mem-
ber of the convention may by his sarcasm think
he has disposed of this matter, and of the su-
preme court judges with it; but he cannot rub
out the law written in the statute-book.
Mr. THAYER. It mustbe obvious to every-
body that the case to which the gentleman refers,
and which seems to constitute all the artillery
that the gentleman lias in his arsenal, is of no
consequence whatever, because the convention
of Pennsylvania which sat immediately after the
decision did put the word "white" into the con-
stitution. Thus that case, upon which the gen-
tleman places so much emphasis, becomes of no
possible consequence.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The de-
cision of the court was the law of the State, be-
cause it was a construction of the constitution
of 1790 as to the meaning of the word "free-
man."
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman tell me
what that has to do with the argument?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
going on to answer. If the gentleman had list-
ened to my argument yesterday, he would have
understood that. I cited that case in answer
to certain statements in regard to the history
of Pennsylvania, made by my colleague, [Mr.
Kelley,] which not only made my allusion to
the case in point proper, but overwhelming
against my colleague, who stood there almost
dumb, unable to answer. And the gentleman
to-day is unable to answer.
Mr. THAYER. Which colleague does the
gentleman refer to ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania.. Tliegen-
tleman from the fourth district [Mr. Kelley.]
Mr. KELLEY. It was I that was struck
dumhl [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. I do not know that I have
anything to do with that.
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York, obtained
the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman from
New York allow me a moment?
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I beg leave to mention an
historical fact in connection with that conven-
tion. It will, 1 am sure, provoke no reply from
anybody. The constitution of'1838 shouldhave
been signed by all the members of that conven-
tion. It lacks one signature. There was one
honest, earnest friend of humanity in that con-
vention who refused to put his name to it be-
cause of the retrograde movement it made in
reference to the question of suffrage. He de-
clined doing so until the word "white" should
lie stricken out. I hope to live to see the day
when that name shall be put there. It is the
name of Tiiaddkus Stevens. [Applause.]
Mr. VAN HORN, of New York. The pas-
sage, Mr. Speaker, of some law by this Congress
amending the election system of this District,
placing all upon an equality, and wiping out all
distinctions as to caste or color, is, m my judg-
ment, both proper and necessary, and demanded
by the loyal people of the country, who have a
right to be heard in the solution of all matters
or questions that may arise in the government
of the District. , - •
The bill as it now stands is not one <jf my
choice, from the fact that I prefer to-treat this
question of colored suffrage m this District as a
new question, and get alUhe benefits that a fair
and reasonable trial of it may produce, regu-
lated and qualified by such restrictions as sound
judgment and a well-guarded policy may die-
tate. I do not say that I will not support the
bill as it stands, for I am in favor of some pos-
itive action in this direction, and if called upon
to vote for this bill as an alternative I may do
so; but still, I think greater and better results
will fiow from a measure embodying, in part at
least, the propositions of my colleague, [Mr.
Hale, ] which, while it secures equal rights to
all, or places all upon the same level as to
privileges and restrictions, answers the great
end to be secured and all that justice nofr de-
mands. I am in favor of impartial .suffrage here:
impartial as to caste or color, and giving all
the same incentives to adopt and carry out a
course of rectitude, industry, and enterprise
which shall result in a condition of thrift and
intelligence that will make them worthy of the
privileges and blessings conferred.
I cannot conceive how any one can be injured
by such a policy and such a result. Preju-
dices of long standing may be encountered,
it is true; but it is time they were overeome
and demolished, and no longer allowed to rule
the individual or the communityupon questions
of such vast importance, where sacred rights
are at stake, and their protection and safety
depend upon a candid and honest judgment in
the case.
In the discussion of the principles of this bill
almost every one has been betrayed into a gen-
eral debate upon the rights of the colored race
as it has existed in our country from the time
of its first introduction, as well as those rights
which it is conceded generally the war for the
Union has extended to it. I will not take the
time of the House on this occasion and under
this measure to enter into such a discussion to
any great length, but merely to refer to some
of the positions taken by some gentlemen upon
the other side, leaving the discussion of general
questions for a future occasion when more prop-
erly in order.
They seem to have forgotten, in their advo-
cacy ol' slavery, that we have passed through a
fierce war, begun by slavery, waged against the
Government by slavery, and solely in its inter-
est, to more thoroughly establish itself upon the
western continent, and crush out the best inter-
ests of freedom and humanity; and that this
war, guided on our part by the omnipotent arm
of the Invisible, made bare in our behalf, has
resulted in a most complete overthrow of t-hiff
great wrong; a nd by the almost omnipotent voice
of the Republic, as now expressed in its fun',
damental law, it has no right to live, much less
entitled to the right of burial, and should have
no mourners in the land or going about the
streets. Such speeches as those of the gentle-
men from New J ersey, [Mr. Rogers,] and from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Boyer,] and my colleague
and friend, [Mr. Chanler,] who represents,
with myself, in part, the Empire State, carry us
back to the days and scenes before the war, when
slavery ruled supreme, not only throughout the
land, by and through its hold upon power, which
the people, in an evil hour, had given it, but
here in these Halls of legislation, where liberty
and its high and noble ends ought to have been
secured by just and equal laws and the great
and paramount object of our system of gov^
eminent carried out and fully developed. They
seem to forget that liberty and good govern- ■
ment have been on trial during these five years
last past of war and blood, and that they have
succeeded in the mighty struggle. They forget
that Providence, in a thousand ways, during
