1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1347
is an important part of this Republic. We are
separated tromyo by a space measuring thou-
sands ot miles. e have no roads across the
continent to connect us with the Atlantic sea-
board. Vi e are liable every j ear, I might say
every month, to become embroiled with foreign
Powers, and should we gel in difficulty with any
of them it certainly will be with the grand mar-
itime Powers that have vast navies. The safety
of our coast depends upon finishing the fortifi-
cations already begun. 1 hope, therefore, in
carrying out these principles of economy, which
I sa fuily reciprocate, the Pacific coast will be
remembered.
Mr. KANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to suggest to the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] such an amendment, as this.
In the aggregate I find the appropriations in
this bill amount to about, a million and a half
dollars, Now, if the gentleman will move or
accept an amendment appropriating in general
$500,000, and leaving it discretionary with the
War Department where that money shall be
expended, it couldtlien be used upon such forts
as urgently require repairs. Some of these
forts, I have reason to believe, now need no
repairs, and will not in all probability need
them for twelve months to come; so that we
can have economy exercised in.the appropria-
tions-, and at the same time none of the fortiti-'
cations will suffer.
As to the probability of foreign war, I have
only to say that I think the time has gone by
when that argument should have any weight in
this House.
Mr. TJIOWBPJDGE. I wish to say a word
in opposition to the theory advanced by the
gentleman iYomPeim-jlwiuia, [Mr. Kaxdai.t,.]
that these appiopriations should be expended
at the discretion of the Department, f think
that is most highly objectionable. We then at
once advertise to the large sea-board stations,
which can immediately approach the Depart-
ment with such inlluences as are generally suc-
cessful in fueli cases, and the cities ofPhiladel-
phia, Now York, Boston, and other places on
the Atlantic coast get the money expended,
while the West is neglected, because we can-
not and will not make such representations in
regard to our needs as can be made from other
quarters.
With regard to this fortification, for which
this particular appropriation is made. I believe
it is the onlv one in the whole stretch of coun-
try from lake Ontario to Chicago. It is the
only fort that protects that vast extent of rivet-
front at least over the whole border of Mich-
igan : and it seems to me that in view of the
troubles that are now agitating our neighbors
across that border we should be careful to guard
that locality. We do not know the extent of
the Fenian organization that creates so much
excitement there just now. It seems to me
that if $50,000 were appropriated to that river
at some point along the seventy or eighty miles
where resistance can be made to an aggressive
force, it would not be misappropriated.
I therefore oppose the motion to reduce the
appropriation, especially in regard to this par-
ticular work, and it seems to me that the old
maxim, ''in peace prepare for war" is a good
one, and one which we may well remember.
Mr. SPALDING. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I desire to say that
I feel satisfied to reduce each one of these
items fifty per cent., but I shall object to i
making the reduction in the matter of the ap- ''
propriation for Detroit, unless it is to be tol- ;!
lowed by the same reduction in the oilier appro - j j
priations. I want all to be treated in the same jj
way: and I can see no difficulty that would ;|
arise from this course. There have been ap- !,
propriations made for the fort at Detroit before i j
this, and there will bo appropriations made for ;;
it after this. They cannot expend more than jj
$25,000 probably to advantage during the next j,
twehe months. and so with oilier foitilications.
Mr. WASHBURXE. of lllimns. Let us !;
agree to reduce them all. |,
Mr. SPALDING. Let us agree to reduce 'l
all the appropriations fifty per cnt. That will f
give them all they can probably use to advan-
tage in one year, and we shall reduce the
amount we have to pay at this time.
Mr. McKUEK. I hope that will not be
agreed to. It seems to me that it is very strange
legislation to take up a bill of this character
and reduce the amounts fifty per cent, upon
everything.
Now, for instance, in this hill there are
certain amounts appropriated for sea-walls,
other sums are appropriated for repairs, and
other sums arc necessary for construction. I
think it is wise to take up these various pro-
visions and decide upon each ono upon its own
merits.
Now, I speak for the Pacific coast, and T
see that in this bill there is about $200,000
appropriated to defend the harbor of San Fran-
cisco. That is the only fortification upon the
two thousand miles of the Pacific coast; it is
the only vulnerable point; and if we have a
foreign war it will cut off at once communica-
tion with the Pacific, and then it may be very
difficult to make these repairs ; it may be very
essential to send from the Atlantic material's
in order to complete the fortifications already
begun there.
Sir, I hope that an amendment to reduce the
whole bill fifty per cent., without any regard to
the necessities of each case, will not pass.
Mr. SCHENCK. I do not wish to interpose
any very serions objection to what seems to he
an almost foregone conclusion with members
of the House, that the proper way to deal with
a foitification bill is to cut down each item filly
per ccnt. I only wish to call the attention of
the committee to the fact that nobody here
knows any reason why fifty per cent, any more
than sixty or twenty-five per cent., or any other
percentage whatever, should be the measure
of reduction.
Now, this bill comes to us from the Commit-
tee on Appropriations precisely as every other
fortification bill has come to us in all former
years. Gentlemen have complained that the
Committee on Appropriation shave not in formed
themselves in regard to the character of the
work, whether it is granite, or brick, or earth-
work, and what kind ofguus are to be mounted.
Mr. SPALDING. '1 he items in the bill are
in accordance with the estimates sent in.
Mr. SCHENCK. I was about to speak of
that. That is all the committee know about
it, and all I know about it. 1 do not think my
venerable friend from Pennsylvania [Mr. Ste-
vens] is exactly in a condition to go off, even
if we were to adjourn over from Fridays to
Mondays, to Florida and Georgia, to Cali-
fornia and Michigan, and to different points in
New York and Massachusetts and Maine, to
inspect these works and make his own esti-
mates ; and it is not improbable that his engi-
neering knowledge, having grown rnstj- while
he lias been legislating so wisely and so well
for the country, mighi be at limit in making
the necessary estimates for these several works.
The truth i ■. as in every other case and in every
former year, the War Department, through its
proper officials charged with this duly, has
made estimates for what is necessary for the
continuation of these se\eral works; and I may
make this additional remark, that it has been
thought advisable by the Government, through
the persons representing the War Department,
to ask for such appropriations as will put all
the several works ot this class, at all tiie dif-
ferent points of defence along our coasts, in
such a condition as to be prepared for all pos-
sible contingencies.
Mr. WASHBCRNH. of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman if in the. 1.1 vI Congress the
Senate did not cut, down the appropriaiions in
the fortification bitl fifty per cent., and if the
House did not concur in that action.
Mr. SCIfENCK. I do not know whether
they did or did not. bnt 1 suppose the gentle-
man does not give that as a leason for moving
to cut down any appropriation. I merely wish
to Call the attention of the committee to the J
fact that they are disposed to go it blind: that j
in the face of the estimates made by the proper j
Department which is informed upon the subject,
based upon reports in reference to the condi-
tion of each of these several points of defense,
it is proposed to cut them all down by a certain
scale of reduction.
Now; it may he wise, or it may be unwise,
exceedingly unwise to do so. I can imagine
wdiere a fort may be in process of construction,
and those in charge may bo disposed by every
motive of economy to hurry its completion, and
to that end it may be wise to expend $25 000
or $50,000 or $130,000, more or less, inany one
year. I can imagine wdiere a fort may be in
such a condition that to appropriate half the
sum asked for and needed might put it in such
a condition to undergo damage and dilapida-
tion, that you would need as much more to
bring it up to its former condition when the
end of the year comes around.
1 wish to call the attention of the committee
to the fact that this bill is based upon estimates
made by those who alone are hound to take all
the responsibility, who alone have all the
knowledge of the subject required. I admit
this bill makes a large appropriation, but no
larger appropriations than former ones did,
and I do not know at this jiaiticular time,
when we are just coming out of the struggle in
which we have been engaged for the last four or
five years, no matter how much we may desire
economy, whether it may bo wise to exercise
it just here, when we know not what a year or
less may bring forth in our relations to other
countries, or even with ourimmediateneighbor.
According to the estimates oft he Department,
the whole amount of appropriations asked for
in this bill was $1 ,(iof>.000. The committee
have cut off $225,000, not by reducing the ap-
propriations asked for in any one case, because
knowing nothing about the estimates the com-
mittee took them as they received them. But
they have cut out altogether the appropriation
recommended for the lort atTortagas, another
for a fort in Florida, and another for a fort in
California. This made a reduction of some
two or three hundred thousand dollars. And
then, for some reason best known to them-
selves, they have added SI00,000 to the amount
asked for the survey of the northern lakes.
The Department says that H50.O0O is as much,
with the facilities at their command, as they
can expend in any one year for that purpose.
Perhaps the committee thought it would he good
policy, mid 1 have no doubt it would be with us
in the West, and the Northwest, to add $100,000
to that appropriation, although it was not asked
for by the Government, for the Government,
represented by the War Department, say that
$50,000 is all thev can expend in one year to
advantage. This difference, therefore, between
the estimates made by the War Department and
the appropriations in the hill presented here,
are ail contained in these four items: the addi-
tion to the lake survey appropriation, and the
three items dropped out altogether, for reasons
best known to the committee. The War De-
partment protests against leaving out those
items, for 1 have a communication here show-
ing the great importance of at least two of those
worjjs, the one in California and the other at
Tortugas. As to all the icst of the items, the
committee did just what they felt themselves
constrained to do . they took the cvti mates made
by that branch of the Government which is re-_
sponsible for them, and bound to take earo ot
the appiopriations made upon their estimates.
I have made 1 hese gen oral remarks because,
wisely or unwisely, 1 hold it to be not a very
statesmanlike course of proceeding to take up
1 an appropriation bill and determine that it
shall be sealed down twenty or thirty or fifty
per cent, in order to arrive at the right amount
to be fmpropriatecl.
I will make ono additional remark. This is •
no new principle of statesmanship. I remem-
ber (I will not say how many years ago, but
twenty at least.) when the flon.-.e of Repre-
sentatives had a Committee of Wavs and Means
with a chairman who was noted for his pecu-
liar idea of economy. Thai idea consisted in
cutting down every estimate twenty per cent.;
