1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2807
be done. The Supreme Court, say—1 read from
1 Crancli, page 156—
"Some point of time must be taken when the j
power of the Executive over an officer not removable
at his will must cease."
: "What do the court mean by an officer not
removable at the President's will?
"That point of timo must be ivlien the constitu-
tional power of appointmeut has been cxercised.
And this power has been exercised when tho hist act
required from tho Person possessing the power has
beou performed. This last act is the signature of the
commission."
Again, in this opinion the court say—I read
from page 1G2—
" It is, therefore, decidedly the opinion of tho court
that when a communion has been signed by the I'l ev-
ident tho appointment is marie; mid that the com-
mission is complete when the seal ot the United
States has been affixed to it by the Secretary of State.
"Where an officer is removable at the will of tho
Executive, the circunistanco which completes his
appointment is of no concern, because tho act is at
any timo revocable; and the commission may bo
arrested, if still in the office. Cut when the othecr is
not removable at tho will oi tho Executive, the ap-
pointment is not rcvocablo and cannot bo annulled.
It has conferred legal rights which cannot be re-
sumed."
They decided afterward in this case that
this appointment was complete and perfect of
itself, that it vested a right, and that the Pres-
ident could not in the particular ease with-
hold the commission.
Mr. DIXON. Was that thecaseof a judge?
, Mr. HENDERSON.^ No; a justice of the
peace in the District of Columbia. Tlicy only
refused to issue the writ of mandahiusy because
they decided that in that case under the Con-
stitution.* the Supremo Court had not original
jurisdiction to issue the writ of mandamus;
that it had only an appellate jurisdiction. It
is true that Hie judiciary act of 175".) had
attempted to give the Supreme Court the power
to issue a writ of mandamus, but the court
decided that the law in that respect was uncon-
stitutional, because the Constitution only gave
original jurisdiction in certain cases, and to
issue a writ of mandamus was not one of
those cases; and that view has been taken in
Some fifteen or twenty-decisions between that
time and this. But, 1 read further ;
" Tho discretion of the Executive is to be exorcised
until the appointment has been made. But having
onoo mitdo the appointment, his power over tho office
is terminated in all eases where by law tho officer is
sot removable by him. The right to the otliee is then
in the person appointed, and ho lias tho absolute,
unconditional power of accepting or rejecting it."
I am aware that the court decided in this
Case—and 1 think wrongly, if I may be permit-
ted to differ from so able a court—that the Pres-
ident. after the confirmation by the Senate, has
tho right to withhold the commission, that the
appointing power is nut complete until the
President signs the commission. The court
seems to have fallen into this error from the
fact that the two clauses—the one granting the
appointing power, and the other providing that
the President shall commission all officers thus
appointed—occur in different portions of the
Constitution, a circumstance wliiclnamouuts to
nothing, in my view of the Constitution. The
granting of a commission by the President is a
ministerial duty which he is compelled to do
when he'makes an appointment to the Senate
and the Senate confirms it. It is, in my judg
ment, the absolute duty of the Piesident under
the Constitution of the United States to issue
the commission in such a case, though I am !
aware" the court in this ease took a contrary I
view, and said it was necessary that the Presi- |
dent shall have signed the commission and !
that it shall have been sealed in order to make j
it complete. Mr. Jefferson, in order to carry j
out this power of removal, continually resisted
the idea that a writ of mandamus could go
against any of the executive officers from any
judicial tribunal whatever, which laid another
foundation for error on this subject, in mvjudg-
ment. When tho President makes an appoint-
ment to an office, and the Senate confirm that
appointment, it seems to me that the writ should
go against the President to compel him to de-
fiver'the commission. The right seems to me
to be, then, entirely perfect and complete; and
the absurdity of the opinion of tho court is
found in their own reasoning, because they say
it is not necessary that the officer shall have
the commission in his pocket in order to dis-
charge the duties of his office; that an appoint-
ment may bo complete without, the delivery of
the commission ; that it is not the same as the
delivery of a deed in order to make a grant of
land complete, but that a man, may properly
be in the discharge of the duties of an offic'o
before the actual delivery of the commission.
But read further from this opinion. On page
1GG the court say:
"If by law the officer ho removable at tho will of
the President., then ji new appointment may bo im-
mediately made, and tho liprhts of the otlicor are
terminated. Hut as a fact which has existed cannot
be made never to huvo existed, the appointment
cannot bo annihilated; and consequently, if tiio
ollicer is by law not removable at the will of the
Pre-idcnt, the infills lie lias acquired are protected
bv tho law, and are not 1 estimable by the President.
They cannot be extinguished by exoculiveauthority,
ami lie has the privilege ot asset ting Hum in liko
manner as if they had been derived from any other
source."
It will be observed that the court decided in
this ease that a justice of the peace in the Dis-
trict of Columbia appointed for five years, an
office created by Congress, had a right to his
office, alter confirmation by tho Senate, and a
right against the President, and that the Pres-
ident could not defeat his right in consequence
of a refusal to deliver the commission, if that
be so, by analogy of reasoning why is it that
the President of the United States has the
power after the commission has been delivered
and before the expiration of the term of ollice
to remove? Is there any such right? Surely
this opinion of the court has no meaning in it
if such be the correct view.
The question has boon adjudicated several
times, and I refer next to (lie opinion of tho
Supreme Court reported in 1:1 Petets, page
•J!30. This is a case in which the same ques-
tion came up. and 1 think the opinion of the
court is perfectly clear. It was ail applica-
tion by Mr. Ilonnen for a rule upon the judge
of tho district court of the United States for
the eastern district of Louisiana to show cause
why a mandamus should not be issued against
him requiring him to restore Mr, Ilonnen to
tho office of clerk of tho district court. It
seems that from 1834 to 1837 Judge Harper
had linen judge of that district court, and hav-
ing tho appointment of tho clerk of the court,
lie had exercised that right and had appointed 1
Mr. Ilonnen clerk. Afterward lion. P. h.
Lawrence was appointed jttdae, and immedi-
ately upon his appointment ho removed Mr.
lletiticn and appointed Mr. Winthrop clerk.
Mr. Ilonnen resisted the right to remove him.
and asked for this l tile, 'lhc Supreme Coin t.
decided, (if eoutse, as they had dune in the
previous case, that they li.id not authority to
issue the writ; that it could not go ; and they
decided also that the district judge had a per-
fect right to remove the former clerk and to
appoint a new one ; but now I wish to read
from tho opinion of the court to show that in
their view the appointing power is tho only
power that can remove; and if that be true,
wherever Congress reserves to tho Senate the
rightof giving its advice and consent to a nom-
ination, the officer so appointed cannot be
removed without the consent of the Senate. I
read from the opinion at page 2~>'J of 13 Peters :
"Itcarinot for a moment b" admitted that it was
the intention ot the Constitution that those offices
which are denominated iiiiei joi otiioesshould beheld
duim;r life. And if removable at plcasme, by whom
is such removal to he made? In tho abscnee of all
constitutional provision or statutory regulation, it
would seem to be a sound and necessary rule to con-
sider the power of removal as incident to tho power
of appointment."
The President cannot appoint in some cases
without the concurrence of the Senate. Where
ever the concurrence of the Senate is neces-
sary the Senate is a part of the appointing
power, and if a part of the appointing power,
the court say that the same power that appoints
must necessarily, in the absence of any law on
the subject, have tho power to remove. Again,
on the same page, the court say:
" In nil these Departments power is given to the
Secretary to appoint all necessary cicrks"—
Alluding to the power of the Secretaries of
the Executive Departments. We have by law
given to those Secretaries the powerto appoint
their own clerks; the President has nothing to *
do with it; and the court held that where we
have done that the heads of the Departments
have the power of removal.
" In all these Departments power is given to tho
Secretary to appoint all necessary clerks (1 Story,
48;) and although 110 power to remove is expressly
given, yet there can bo no doubt that those clerks
hold theirofliee at the will and discretion of the head
of tho Department. It would bo amost extraordinary
construction of tho law that all these offices were to
bo hold during life, which must inevitably follow
unless tho incumbent was removable at tho discre-
tion of tho head of the Department; the President
has certainly no power to remove."
Why? Because he did notappoint; andhedidv
not appoint because the law puts the appoint-
ing power elsewhere, and having put it else-
where, if the officor is to be removed he must
be removed by the power that appoints. The
court say expressly that the power does not
exist in tho President to remove a clerk in one
of the Departments; and yet it has been claimed
on the iloor of the Senate, and will be again
claimed, that the power exists in the President
to remove tlio head of a Department and to
put somebody there who will remove the clerks.
1 deny that proposition. I say it is defeat-
ing entirely the Constitution; it is defeating
the opinions of all, or a large majority, of tho
distinguished founders of our Government, leav-
ing out Mr. Madison, and he surely, I admit,
was as distinguished as any of them, and I give
full weight to his opinions. It will be defeat-
ing the construction given by the courts in
later days to the appointing power; and in the
case from which i was quoting the court con-
tinue to say:
"These clerks fall under that class of inferior offi-
cers, tlio appointment of which the Constitution
authorizes Congress to vest in the head of tbo De-
partment. The same rule, as to the powerof removal,
must tie applied to offices where tho appointment is
vested iu the Piesident alone."
If Congress gives to the President tho power
to appoint inferior officers, not reserving tho
right to consent to tlioir appointment on tho
part of the Senate, then, say the court, the
President has the right to remove of his own
motion. Again the euuitsay:
" And the Constitution lias authorized Conorross, in
certain cases, to vest this power in tho President
alone, iu the courts ol law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments ; and all int'el lor otlicci s appointed under each,
by authority of law, must hold their office at thodis-
oretion of tlio appointing power. Such is tho settled
usage and piactical construction of tlio Constitution
and laws under which these ofliccs arc lield."
I am aware that in tho opinion of tho court,
in this case, they refer to the decision of Con-
gress in 178!), but they clearly give their dissent
from the construction then sanctioned by Con-
gress. There is another opinion of tho Supreme
Court in 1!) Howard, to which I will not refer;
it is unnecessary to do so, becausc itcstablishos
the same doctrine to which I hayc referred in
tho other two decisions. On this same ques-
tion Judge Story, at page 400 of the second
volume of his "Commentaries, section 1538,
says:
" Th e language of the Constitution is, that the Presi-
dent ' shall noiQinn to, and by and with tl"1 advieeand
consent of tho Senate, appoint,' kc. The power to
nominate does not naturally or ncces«aiiJy include
the power to remove; and if the power to appoint
docs include it, then the latter belong conjointly to
the Executive and the Senate. In short, under such
circumstances the removal take? place in virtue of
the new appointment by mere operation oflaw. It
result**, and is not separable, from tho appointment
itself,"
Tt will be observed that Judge Story takes
the ground that if the President can remove at
all, it is by virtue only of a new appointment,
and inasmuch as that new appointment has
to come before the Senate for confirmation, if
it is an office of that character which requires
the Confirmation of the Senate, of course no
removal can take place until toe Senate has
confirmed the new appointment; that is to say,
