1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The amendment was to add at the end of the
bill the words, " to be paid out of the naval
pension fund."
Mr. LANE. I move that the Senate concur
m that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
* CHARLES 51. POTT.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There is one more
pension bill. I move that the Senate proceed
to the consideration of House joint resolution
No. 194.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. 11. No. 19-1)
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to
pay Charles M. Pott a pension of fifteen dol-
lars per month. It directs the Secretary of
the Interior to pay or cause to be paid to
Charles M. Pott, late of company K, one hun-
dred and seventy-ninth Pennsyl ania militia,
now on the pension-roll, the same pension pro-
vided for persons having lost one hand in the
military service of the United States, as pro-
vided in section one of an act entitled "An
act supplementary to the several acts relating
to pensions," approved June G, 1808.
The joint resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a third reading,
read the time, and passed.
INDIAN RELATIONS.
_Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Committee on In-
dian Affairs have directed me to report a reso-
lution, and as it will take but a moment to
explain it, I ask that it be put on its passage at
the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
Mi\ DOOLITTLE. I hope the Senator from
Illinois will not object. He cannot understand
the object of the resolution.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall object. I have
stood here day after day and have not been
able to make a report from the Committee on
the J udiciary during the whole of this week.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Wisconsin asks leave to make a report.
He reports a resolution from, the Committee on
Indian Affairs, and asks its present considera-
tion. Objection being made the resolution lies
over.
COLONEL II. C. DE AIINA.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of House joint
resolution No. 150.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 150) to provide for payment of the claim of
Colonel H. C. De Ahna for military services.
Mr. HOWARD. I believe this resolution
has been before the Committee on Military
Affairs, but I am not very well acquainted
with it, and I beg to inquire of the honorable
Senator from Rhode Island what the grounds
of this claim are.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Simply that this officer
has been in the service of the United States
and has never been mustered out and has not
received the pay towhich he was entitled. He
has exercised all the duties and responsibilities
of a soldier; and this is a compromise with him
in relation to the amount that he shall receive;
for really, as the case stands, if he is not paid
the year's salary that is proposed by this reso-
lution, the Government might be liable to pay
him up to the present moment, although ho has
really been in the service of the United States
for some time.
Mr. HOWARD. What was his rank?
Mr. SPRAGUE. A *olonel of infantry.
He was regularly in the service and received
pay as such and was under orders as such.
Mr. HOWARD. Where was he mustered in?
Mr. SPRAGUE. His services were in the
western country, in St. Louis and elsewhere.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not profess to know
much about the merits of this case; but I had
rather formed an opinion that there was no
great merit in the claim, and I shall therefore
vote against it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
to the latter part of the resolution, which pro-
poses to muster this person out of the service
of the United States. I never knew he was
in the -service. I should like to inquire of the
Senator from Rhode Island how it was that
this gentleman, if he was properly and regu-
larly mustered into the service, did not draw
his pay, or if he did not draw it, how is it that
he does not now draw it without an act of Con-
gress ? If there is any defect in the muster, as
is sometimes the case, the party who is improp-
erly mustered in will be refused his pay by the
paymaster ; but I do not understand from the
Senator that that is the case here. Hence I
should like to know upon what ground it is
based. Is it an imperfect muster in, or in
what manner does'it arise?
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is a very long story.
The committee of the House have published a
report of eight or ten pages in relation to this
case. It is simply this: Colonel De Ahna was
sent to the Western department, commanded at
that time by General Fremont, with a view of
organizingaregiment, under acommissionfrom
Governor Morton, of the State of Indiana. He
exercised those duties and received his pay for
a year; but in consequence of some disobedi-
ence or supposed disobedience of orders and
troubles growing out of liis connection with that
department, ho was tried by a court-martial and
sentenced to be dismissed from the service. He
appealed from that decision to the General-in-
Chief, then General Scott, at the War Depart-
ment. That sentence was reversed, and he was
ordered to report to the Western department
and to be assigned to the position from which
he had been removed. On his arrival at llie
department of the West he was informed that
the name of his regiment had been changed and
he could not be assigned to his command. He
then returned to the Department at Washing-
ton and received an order to report and to be
assigned to the regiment, however it was named,
or whoever was in command of it. On his re-
porting again to the Western department he was
informed that that regiment had been mustered
out of the service. He then requested permis-
sion to report himself to Washington to be as-
signed to active servicc. The President of the
United States then nominated him for the posi-
tion of brigadier general in the Army; but in
consequence of there being already in service
many brigadiers over and above the number
provided by law, he was, with a large number
of others, dropped, or the Senate refused to
confirm him. In both cases the Senate refused
to confirm him because of the action of the
military department of the West. I have ex-
amined this case myself. I was somewhat of
the same opinion with the Senator from Michi-
gan for some time ; but the more I have inves-
tigated it, the more I am convinced of the pol-
icy and propriety of the claim being allowed.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
MM. MARY PIIELPS.
Mr. NESMITH. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (IT. R.
No. 201) to reimburse Mrs. Mary Phelps, of
Missouri, to report it back without amendment,
and to ask for its present consideration.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the joint resolution cannot be con-
sidered at the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Am I entitled to the
floor?
Mr. WILSON. Let us have that resolution
read so that we may know what it is.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I object to it, no matter
what it is. I shall object to all business out of
order until I can get a vote of the Senate to
know whether an opportunity will be afforded
to the committee of which 1 am the chairman
to make a report of its business and to l.iiug
some bills before the Senate. I make the mo-
tion that fifteen minulesbeassisned to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, commencing at nine
o clock, to dispose of i«.s business, smd I wish
to get a vote upon it. If the Senate shall vote
it down, I shall have discharged my duty.
Mr. NESMITH. Will the Senator from
Illinois permit me to state a fact to him in
regard to this resolution ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I give way now I
might be unable to get the floor again.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor_ from Illinois declines to give way, and is
entitled to the floor and must not be inter-
rupted.
BUSINESS OF JUDICIARY COMMITTEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that fifteen min-
utes be allowed to the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, commencing at nine o'clock. I have
been unable to obtain the floor to make a report
from my committee for a week. I can only get
the floor in opposition to something else, or to
object. Now, having the floor, I wish the Sen-
ate to decide whether they will consider those
bills. _ It is wholly immaterial to me. They
arc bills of public importance; they are House
bills; and they ought to be passed. If the
Senate will allow me fifteen minutes, com-
mencing at nine o'clock 
Mr. JOHNSON. Make the motion, and I
have no doubt the Senate will agree to it.
_ Mr. TRUMBULL. I make that motion, that
fifteen minutes, commencing at nine o'clock,
bo allowed to the Committee on the Judiciary
to make reports and dispose of the business of
the committee.
The motion was agreed to.
MRS. MARY PHtXPS.
Mr. NESMITH. I now ask that the Senate
proceed to consider the resolution which I re-
ported a moment since from the Committee on
Military Affairs. I do not think it will occupy
five minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that. My objection before was merely to give
me an opportunity to dispose of the business
of my committee.
Mr". NESMITH. I now call up the-joiut
resolution that T have named.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent of the Senate to consider
it at this time.
_ There being no objection, the joint resolu-
tion (II. R. No. 204) to reimburse Mrs. Mary
Phelps, of Missouri, was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs that there be
paid to Mrs. Mary Phelps, of Missouri, the
sum of $20,000, to reimburse her for expendi-
tures made by her in raising and equipping
troops for tlic United States in the late rebel-
lion, and also for her expenditures made in
behalf of the soldiers of the Union wounded
in battle and of the orphan children of soldiers
of the Union.
Mr. NESMITH. I am admonished that I
have but five minutes prior to the time we are
to commence on the business of the Committee
on the Judiciary in which to state the facts con-
nected with this case. I will state them as
briefly as possible. Mrs. Mary Phelps is the
wife of John S. Phelps, residing in southwest-
ern Missouri, near Springfield. She was the
guardian angel who took care of the wounded
and the dead who were killed in the battle of
Wilson's Creek. She not only recovered and
buried the body of General Lyon, but buried
the bodies of others who fell in that terrible
conflict. She took care of the wounded sol-
diers at her own expense and expended her
own fortune in that charitable work. She gath-
ered up the orphan children of the soldiers of
southwestern Missouri who fell in that terrible
conflict. She has expended every dollar that
she has been able to raise in support of these
wards of the Government. She lias now fifty
of them on her hands. She has spent a greater
amount of money in support of the children
ami in the expenses of attending to the sick
and wounded soidieis who were die survivors
of that bailie than she now asks of this Con-
gress; and I appeal to the magnanimity, tho
generosiry, the sense of justice of every mem-
