4228
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
bcr of the Senate to make this slight appro-
priation to reimburse her. I will not occupy
the time of the Senate in reading the immense
mass of testimony which I have on this sub-
ject and the great number of letters and pe-
titions of Union soldiers and officers in favor
of it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have you examined it?
Mr. NESMITH. I have examined the papers
very fully.
The resolution was reported to the Senate
without amendment, ordered to a thircl read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had disagreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States, had further insisted upon its disagree-
ment to the amendments of the Senate to the
amendments of the House of Representatives
to the said bill, asked a further conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Jouf 1<\ F.uindwoktii
oflllinois, Mr. Nelson Taylor of New York,
and Mr. F. E. WooomuDGEof Vermont, mana-
gers at the same on its part. ^ y"
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had agreed to some
and disagreed to other amendments of the
Senate to the bill (II. R. No. 791) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the ser-
vice of the fiscal year ending Juno HO, 180U,
and for other purposes, asked a conference on
the disagreeing votes of the two Houses thereon,
and had appointed Mr. Jon>r A. Kaskox of
Iowa, Mr. Samuei, J. Randall of Pennsylva-
nia, and Mr. IIexky J. Raymond of New
York, managers at'the same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills, in which it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 032) to authorize the build-
ing of a military and postal railroad from Wash-
ington, District of Columbia, to the city of
New York; and
A bill (II. R. No. 815) supplemental to the
act to appropriate money for postal services.
CIIIX'I'KWAS, OTTAWA,-S, AN!) I'OTTAWATOJIIUS.
Mr. WADE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of House joint reso-
lution No. 197.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. The Senator from Illi-
nois having charge of matters from the Judi-
ciary Committee thought it was his duty to
object when I moved the consideration of a
certain joint resolution some time ago ; but as
the Senate has fixed a time for his business so
that he is satisfied ho can have the floor, he is
willing to waive his objection and let that res-
olution come up now. I will simply state that
it is to settle a long controversy upon terms tlmt
have been agreed upon between the Indians
in Michigan and the Indians in Kansas ; it is
to pay from the funds of the Pottawatomie
Indians S39,000 to the Indians in Michigan.
The reading of the resolution will show exactly
what it is.
Mr. CHANDLER. T hope the resolution
referred to by the Senator from Wisconsin will
be allowed to puss. I have had the question
on my hands for ten years, and I hope it will
be settled.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This resolution settles
a long and troublesome controversy.
Mr. WADE. I withdraw my motion and
hope gentlemen will be generous enough to
give me the lloor afterward.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to take up
House joint resolution No. 199.
Mr. CHANDLER. Wo can pass it in a
minute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The joint
resolution having been reported to-day, it, re-
quires unanimous consent to consider it at this
time.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution-
(H. R. No. 199) for the relief of certain Chip-
pewa, Ottawa, and Pottawatomie Indians, was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
is a direction to the Secretary of the Interior
to pay to the Chippewa, Ottawa, and Potta-
watomie Indians of Michigan, in pursuance of
an agreement and compromise made with the
Pottawatomie nation of Indians, so named and
designated by the treaty of 1810 with the Uni-
ted States, the sum of $39,000, in full of all
claims in favor of the Michigan Indians, either
against the United States or that nation of In-
dians, past, present, or future, arising out of
any treaty made with them or any band or
confederation thereof, and the annuity now
paid to them is to be restored and paid to the
nation for the future. The $39,000 is to be
paid out of funds of the Indians, now held in
trust by the United States for the nation, draw-
ing interest at the rate of five tier cent. The
payment is to be made per capita direct to
heads of families, adults, and guardians of
minors, as is now required by law in reference
to annuities, by the proper agent of the Gov-
ernment.
The jointresolution was reported to the Sen-
ate, ordered to a third reading, read the third
time, and passed.
.TIinrOIAIlY COMMITTEE BUSINESS.
Several Senators addressed the Chair.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The time
having arrived when by a vote of the Senate
fifteen minutes are to be devoted to business
of the Committee on the Judiciary, the Chair
recognises the Senator from Illinois.
.Air. TRUMBULL. 'The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill {IT. R.
No. 043) to alter the place for holding (he cir-
cuit court of the Uniied States for the Rhode
Island district, have instructed me to report it
back and recommend its passage.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will go upon the Calendar.
SUBSISTENCE CLAT3IS IS TENNESSEE.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 am directed by the
same committee, to whom was referred the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 1 !).">) to extend the
provisions of the act of July 4, 1SG4, limiting
the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims to the
loyal citizens of Tennessee, to report it back
and recommend its passage: and I ask that it
be considered at this time.
By unanimous consent, the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It was reported to the Senate, ordered to a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
cnteuiT court commissioners,
Mr. TRUMBULL. The same committee,
to whom was referred the bill (H. R. No. 32)
to extend the jurisdiction of commissioners of
the circuit, courts of the Uniied States, have
instructed me to report it back with a recom-
mendation that it pass. I ask for its present
consideration.
There being no objection, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. It pro-
vides that the commissioners who now are,
or hereafter may be. appointed by the circuit
courts of the United States to take acknowl-
edgments of bail and affidavits, and also to
lake depositions in civil causes, shall and may
exercise all the powers that any justice of the
peace may exercise under and in virtue of the
seventh section of the act passed the 20th of
July, 17t!0. entitled "An act for the govern-
ment and regulation of seamen in the merchant
service."
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
cocETAT Wins.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill fH. R. No. 02) direcung a
district court to be held at the city of Erie? in
the State of Pennsylvania. Resides the terms
of the distiict court of the United States di-
rected by law to be held at Pittsburg and at
Williamsport, for the western district of Penn-
sylvania, the judge of the western district is
to hold two terms in every year at the city of
Erie, which shall commence the first Monday
of July and January in each and every 3'ear,
beginning in the July or January which shall
first immediately follow the passage of the act,
and to be continued and adjourned from time
to time, as the court may deem expedient, for
the dispatch of business. In addition to the
compensation allowed by law to the judge, he
is to be paid the sum of $300 for his addi-
tional expenses and services.
The Committee on the Judiciary proposed to
amend the bill bystriking out the words "and
that in addition to the compensation allowed
by law to the said judge he shall be paid the
sum of $300 for his additional expenses and
services."
Mr. COWAN. I hope that amendment will
not be agree# to. I think the compensation of
$3(10 to the judge for holding that additional
court ought to be allowed. He has to travel
a hundred miles to do it, and it is certainly a
very meagre allowance. I think there is noth-
ing improper in allowing him the $300 addi-
tional.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The judge undoubtedly
ought to be paid $300 more salary than he is,
but it would be an innovation to introduce this
mode of paying him. We do not pay the other
judges for traveling. Besides, the committee
have reported a bill increasing the saiaiies of
all the judges, and we had better leave this
question to be settled on that bill. I think we
had better not introduce the system of paying
judges mileage or traveling expenses. I agree
that this judge ought to have additional pay,
whether he goes to Erie or not. I think the
■ Senator had better acquiesce in the report of
] the committee and let us pass the bill in that
shape.
I Mr. COWAN. I am sensible of the mis-
chief to which the honorable Senator alludes;
but I think the only way of avoiding a greater
is to allow, at least until the salary is raised,
this amount for the additional expense this bill
involves.
Mr. TRUMBULL. You had better let it go.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended
and the amendment was concurred in. The
amendment was ordered to be engrossed and
the bill to be read a third time. The bill was
read the third time and passed.
writ of habeas cokpcs.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am directed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back
House bill No. 605^and to ask for its present
consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill (H. R. No.
GOo) to amend an act to establish the judicial
courts of the United States, approved Septem-
ber 24, 1789, was considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. It provides that the several
courts of the United States, and the several
justices and judges of such courts, in addition
to the authority already conferred bylaw, shall
have power to grant writs of habeas corpus in
all cases where any person may be restrained
of his or her liberty in violation of the Consti-
tution, or of any treaty or law of the United
States. The person so restrained of his or her
liberty may apply to either of the United States
justices or judges for a writ of habeas corpus,
which application shall be in writing and veri-
fied by affidavit, and shall set forth the facts
concerning the detention of tlie party applying,
in whose custody he or she is detained, and by
virtue of what claim or authority, if known;
and the justice or judge to whom the applica-
tion shall he made shall forthwith award a writ
of habeas corpus, unless it shall appear from
the petition itself that the party is not deprived
ot his or her liberty in. contravention of the
Constitution or laws of the United States. The
writ shall be directed to the person in whose
custody the party is detained, who shall make
return of the writ and bring the party before
the judge who granted it, and certify the true
