1666.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2009
have come back; one of them lias been passed;
the other has been defeated. We know per-
fectly well that a very strong and powerful
party is being organized against the majority
in this body. We do not know their future
intentions, we do not know their lutui'e designs j
but we do know that in just such periods as
are now upon us, in the past history of other
nations ranch trouble has come. I do not
know whether it is the intention to carry out
the advice of many papers given to the Presi-
dent in my State and in other States; it is not
only in the southern States that this advice is
being daily given, but it is in the great West
that we find advice of this character given to
the President. I hope that nothing like it will
be undertaken by him or others who agree or
believe with him ; but we do not know to what
extent this vast power of patronage will urge
the President; we do not know what he may
attempt; we do not know how confident ho
may feel in his position; wc do not know
wheTe this controversy that is now being car-
ried on is to end. 1 take from a paper of very
feat influence and large circulation in the
est this cxtract:
' " If tlio disunion majority in Congress persist in
&eir revolutionary measures " 
Several Senators. What is the paper?
Mr. HENDERSON. The Illinois State
Begister, published at Springfield.
"If the disunion majority in Congress persist in
their revolutionary measures, let the President toko
care of them. Capitol prisons and Government bas-
tiles'have yawned for purer patriots and better mon
than those incendiaries. bet the load or of the House.
Shad. Stevens, and hisrevolutionists, and tho leaders
of the Senate, Sumner, Wado, and otliors ol' that
class, be seined in tho Ilalls they desecrate and bo
imprisoned. Let the southern members of Congress
return to Washington and bo duly installed in their
goats. Then, oil promise of amendment, let thoso
revolutionists out, and the Union will bo restored
indeed. That day will bo an illustrious ono for the
country, and will make tho namu of Andrew John-
Bon trobly immortal."
I took up a paper yesterday from New Or-
leans in which I saw similar advice. The other
day I took up a paper from Mobile, Alabama,
in which I saw similar advice. 1 alluded yes-
terday to language used by the Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.] I regret very much
that I should have been the innocent cause of
the colloquy that then took placc between him
and others. I take this occasion to assure the
Senator that I was not aware that he had even
neglected to publish his remarks made upon a
previous occasion. 1 knew nothing of that,
and 1 did not allude to what he had said for
the purpose of criticising the conduct of that
Senator in this body or of censuring anything
that lie may have said or done ; but 1 alluded
to it for the purpose of showing that even gen-
tlemen occupying places on this floor entertain
this opinion and have expressed it. If this
advice were carried out, do you not know that
if the southern Senators should come here and
organize with the minority of this body, and
the southern Representatives should organize
with the minority of the other body they would
be in the majority? Do you not know per-
fectly well that if the President has the power
to recognize them as the Congress, it will be-
come absolutely essential for him to carry out
the advice given in this newspaper extract ;
that is, to seize the Union majorities of this
present body and the other House and put
them intobastiles? Do you suppose we shotdd
silently submit? Would we any more do it
than the Parliament submitted to Charles I ?
Sir, if unfortunately a state of affairs of that
sort should come upon us, we all know what
would be the result: another war, the most
terrible ever seen or known in this land, would
be upon us. I know what the final result would
be. We might have a longer war than we have
had; more cities would be burned, more individ-
uals would be killed, more blood would be
spilled ; there would be desolation in this land
not seen or dreamed of during the past war.
We know not where the ambition of man will
go. I believe that the recent rebellion very
largely sprang from this thing of appointments
to and removals from office. I believe that
when Mr. Buchanan left the Presidency, and
Mr. Lincoln came in, the idea of the southern
people was that they for all time to come were
to be denied the public crib at which they had
fed heretofore,.and that that belief rushed them
into this rebellion. I know they used the sla-
very question, but they used it as a means of
putting themselves in power.
But, sir, I was saying that if a controversy
of this sort should come, the issue would be
the same that it was between Charles and the
Parliament, and the result would be inevita-
bly the same; but it would come after long
trouble, after much suffering, after _ many trib-
ulations. I know that Senators will say it is
entirely unnecessary to refer to these things.
Mr. President,, I tell you, and I tell Senators,
that this controversy lias gone far enough, I
do not say that it is our duty to cease ; I do
not believe any such thing; but I would gladly
to-day, if it were in my power, bring it to an
end, as I gladly attempted for many months
before the controversy commenced, by all tho
influence I could bring to boar upon the Execu-
tive, to avoid it. 1 feel that whatever the con-
troversy may lead to in the future, whatever
calamities it may bring upon the' country, my
skirts are clear, and that I did all in my power
to prevent it. I would that the course of the
Executive had been such as to give tho coun-
try the real results of our victory.
So far as 1 am concerned, 1 have not thought,
and I do not now think, that the Congress of
tho United States has met this controversy as
it ought to have done. When the war com-
menced, it was upon the idea of the inferiority
of a race. Mr. Stephens said that our fore-
fathers had built upon a false idea, that all
men were equal; and that having built upon
the sand, when the storms and tho floods
came their house fell, it turns out that Mr.
Stephens was mistaken, and that the house
wo occupied was built upon the rock. The
idea of tho equality of men should be inflexi-
bly adhered to. The question might easily
have been settled when the war was over.
Slavery was abolished, but slavery was the
mere result of an opinion; that opinion was,
that there was a difference between men, an
inferiority which justified one in making him-
self tho guardian of another, and that the
patriarchal relation necessarily resulted from
this inferiority. When this house fell and
when this idea was exploded we ought io
have adopted and insisted upon the other idea
of the absolute equality of all men, and built
our house upon that. But we are not to do it: ;
I am perfectly aware of that; X know it will
not be done.
We shall fail in that, endeavor, at least for tho
present; but then how much have you changed
the whole n gro question ; once it was slavery
and anti-slavery ; the negro was made use of
merely for party power. Now the negro is
free, io lie sure, physical!} free; but we tire
to have the contest over again as to whether
he shall be free really. You have merely
changed the form of the controversy, and for
years and years it will go on as to whether
four or five million people in this country,
paying taxes, supportingtho Government, bear-
ing arms in defense of your country in the gVeat
war that we are to have with Austria and
other nations of the world, reforied to by my
friend from Maryland yesterday, are to have
any rights at all in the Government. 'J'he
policvofthe Executive is, of course, that they
shall have none. That is the controversy really.
Hence your Krccdmcn's Bureau bill was an
effort on the part of Congress to give them the
rights that were about to be taken away from
them; hence your civil rights bill, which was
to give them those rights of life, liberty, and
property, which were denied to thorn by the
legislation of the southern States. Both of
these bills were vetoed. My idea has been
that we needed no civil rights bill, though 1
voted for it; that we needed no Freedmcn's
Bureau bill, although 1 voted for it; but that
we could attain the object of both and reach
it much better by giving them the rights that
belong to every man who assisted in -upholding
and supporting the Government. ri hat has
been my view. I may be mistaken, but I en-
tertain it sufficiently strong to say that if the
President will continue t,o carry out an antago-
nistic policy, denying to them the rights of life,
liberty, ana property, denying to them that
generosity and kindness which wo are willing
to extend to them; if the President be unwill-
ing under any circumstances to extend to them
the right hereafter to participate in govern-
ment, which wo are told must always rest upon
tho consent of tho governed in order to be truly
republican; if he will persist in that course of
policy, 1 think it will justify us taking all legal
and constitutional moans to restrain his power.
But, Mr. President, I liavo said enough. I
have frankly stated what my views arc. I
have no concealments to make. Others may
seek to conceal their purposes ; I do not. I
want, to be justified first by the Constitution ;
I want to be justified by laws that stand upon
a sound constitutional basis; and when I have
done that I would restrain this power, because
I believe that it is degrading to tho country;
because I believe that under Administrations
to come after us muoh harm may accrue to
civil liberty in this country unless we pluck
out this corrupting and baneful influence in
the Government.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I rise with
no view to discuss the policy of tho President
of tho United States, or to contrast that with
what- is supposed to bo the policy of those who
differ from him and who constitute the major-
ity of Congress. I have but a word to say in
relation to the first, ami that is that if 1 under-
stand what his policy is in the particular re-
ferred to, it is that which was adopted and
carried out to a certain extent up to the period
of his decease, by his immediate predecessor.
But however that may bo, it has nothing to
do, as I think, with duo submission to my
friend who has just taken his seat, "with the
question which is now submitted for the judg-
ment and decision of tho Senate. That ques-
tion is one of constitutional law, and it should
not be influenced, whatever may bo the fact,
by any political considerations except such as
grow out of the nature of tho Government
constituted by tho Constitution. We ought to
ascertain what, the Constitution is with refer-
ence to the subject before us, and to stand by
it. no matter what its effects may be upon the
party political destinies ol the eountry.
The question is whether, under the Constitu-
tion, the President has the power to remove
officers without the consent of the Senate : and
the question, as it is presented by the amend-
ment proposed by the honorable member from
Illinois, comprehends every class of officers
whom he may appoint with the advice and
consent of the Senate. It, embraces, conse-
quently fhe members of his Cabinet who are
called around him for the very purpose of aid-
ing him in the administration of his oflice, m •
whom he is to confide, in whose sincerity of
friendship, political as well as personal, he ought
to rely ; and if the Senators will look to wliat
was said in both Houses of Congress at the
period when the several Departments were
organized, they will sec that if, never entered
into the imagination of any of tho statesmen
of that day that the President could bo, com-
pelled to retain in his Cabinet officers in whom
he had ceased to confide, no matter upon what
ground his confidence was lost. If he sus-
pected a want of integrity, without having any
positive proof, nobody doubted that it would
be not only his right but his duty to remove.
Jf he suspected or believed a want of fitness,
the same was the universal opinion. If he
suspected that they were hostile to what he
believed to bo a proper discharge of his duty,
nobody questioned that ho would have a right
to dispense with them and to get around rum
mon who would, with himself, be a unit with
reference to all the executive functions in-
trusted to that department of Government. But
if you adopt this amendment as it is now
altered by my friend from Illinois, you to a
