1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3269
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CALIFORNIA AND OREGON RAILROAD.
Mr. BID WELL, from the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, reported back without amend-
ment, and with the recommendation that it do
pass, bill of the Senate No. 123, granting lands
to aid in the construction of a railroad and tele-
graph line from the Central Pacific Railroad,
in California, to Portland, in Oregon.
The bill was read.
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, this bill is
one of great importance to the State of Cali-
fornia and to the State of Oregon. It lias been
so carefully drawn, so ivell considered, and is so
eminently just in all its provisions that 1 hope
this House will be disposed to pass it wholly
upon its merits. 1 shall have no extended re-
marks to make upon this bill unless some
members shall desire information upon partic-
ular points.
Mr. .JULIAN. I desire to ask the gentle-
mail from California whether, in the second
section of the bill, there is any limit within
which the lands provided for shall be taken.
I understand that this company may go ten,
twenty, or fifty miles to get the lands pro-
vided for.
Mr. BIDWELL. The gentleman from In-
diana desires to know whether the limits within
which the lands are to be taken are fixed. ]
will state, from the reading of the section to
which ho alludes, that the limits are fixed at
twenty miles, and. as T think, unjustly fixed
at twenty miles, taking into consideration that
the country along the entire length of the road
has been settled for sixteen years, and taking
into consideration also that it is a mountainous
region, and that therefore the amount of land
to lie obtained is very small indeed, unless it
be rugged, mountainous land.
Mr. JULIAN. 1 do not think the gentle-
man from California understood my question.
The point i make is. that the second section
of the bill does not make the limitation that
he slates. It says, "to be designated by odd
numbers to the amount of ten sections per mile
on each side of said road." It does not say
thai it shall lie within ten miles of the line of
the road, according to the usual language ol"
bills of this sort. It is, therefore, unguarded
in that respect.
ilr. BIDWELL. It says "contiguous
thereto,-' and a little further on it says "within
twenty miles of the line of this railroad.1'
Mr. HALE. 1 wish to know wherein this
bill differs from the Senate bill.
Mr. 15IDWE1.L. This is Senate bill No. 1'23.
Mr. IIALE.J'lien I ask how it comes before
the House now. and whether it lias been re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands, to
which it was referred.
Mr. BIDWELL. This bill was never referred
to the Committee on Public Lands. It was
referred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. HALE. I find this indorsement on the
bill: '' Senate bill No. 123, read twice, referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and ordered
to be printed."
Mr. BIDWELL. That is in the Senate, of
course. The Committee on Public Lands there
reported in favor of the bill, it passed the Sen-
ate, came to this House, was referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad, and has
been-reported back to the House by the unan-
imous consent of the committee.
Mr. HALE. I would ask the gentleman
from California [Mr. Bjdwkll] if Senate bill
No. loo is identical with House bill No. 3-30.
Mr. BIDWELL. No, sir, not exactly; be-
cause the Senate amended it in some partic-
ulars.
Mr. HALE. Which is the bill now under
consideration?
Mr. BIDWELL. Senate bill No. 123.
Mr. HALE. This bill, so far as I can dis-
cover, does not contain the usual provision,
giving power to Congress to amend, alter, or
repeal at any time. I think that provision
should be inserted in the bill.
Mr. BIDWELL. I think that every safe-
guard has been included in this bill. If there
is any other provision, however, by which the
bill can be improved, 1 have no objection to it.
But inasmuch as this bill has already passed
the Senate, and has been long before the
House, if there is no material objection to
it, I should certainly bo glad_ to have it passed
without amendment. But if it be improper
in any particular, of course I do not wish to
urge anything that is improper.
Mr. IIALE. Will the gentleman allow me
to move as an amendment an additional sec-
tion, that Congress shall have power to amend,
alter, or repeal the provisions of this act at
anv time'.'
Mr. BIDWELL. I should not object to
that if such a provision is in the railroad bills
generally passed by Congress.
Mr. IIALE. 1 suppose it is; at least it
should be.
Mr. BIDWELL. I have never seen any
such provision in those bills. I am informed
that no such provision is contained in any of
the railroad bills.
Mr. PRICE. None of them contain any
such provision.
Mr. BIDWELL. And I do not think it
necessary to attach any such extraordinary
provision to this bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the gentleman
from California yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BIDWELL. Certainly.
OREGON AND S.VI/1' LAKK RAILROAD—AGAIN.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to enter a
motion to reconsider the vote by which House
bill No. GT'.I, granting lands to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad and telegraph line from
the Columbia river to Salt Lake City, was re-
committed to the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad.
The SPEA KJER. The motion to reconsider
will be entered upon the Journal.
Mr. IIALE. I movo to lay the motion to
reconsider on the table.
The SPEAKER. That motion cannot now
be entertained, the House being engaged in the
consideration of other business.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Have
that commitl.ee the right to report that bill at
any time.
The SPEAKER. They have not.
CALIFORNIA AND ORKOON RAILROAD AGAIN.
Mr. JULIAN. I desire to move to amend
the second section of this bill by inserting
after the words " to the amount of ten sections
per mile on each side of said railroad'' the
words "within ten miles of the line of the
railroad."
Mr. PRICE. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Indiana [Mr. Julian | that the land
cannot be obtained within that limit.
Mr. JULIAN. I want some limit fixed.
Mr. P1M0E. You cannot get the land within
that limit.
Mr. JULIAN. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia says that it is limited to ten miles; T
propose only to make it so expressly.
Mr. BIDWELL. Within twenty miles.
Mr. JULIAN. I move the amendment I
have indicated.
Mr. BIDWELL. T would have no objec-
tion to the amendment of the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. J i'ltan] if he will make it thirty
miles. The bill as it. is drawn calls for twenty
sections per mile, or ten sections per mile on
each side of the road. That will take the alter-
nate sections for the space of twenty miles on
each side of the road. Now, if the limit is
fixed at ten miles of the line of the railroad
that will not harmonize with the other pro-
visions of the bill. It will take away one half
of the grant, when it is already too small,
taking into consideration the character of the
country through which the road is to pass. I
i hope the gentleman will not press his amend-
ment.
Mr. JULIAN. T am not anxious for any
particular limit, hut I want some limit fixed in
the bill. I am willing to modify my amend-
ment so as to make it read "within twenty
miles of the line of the railroad."
Mr. BIDWELL. I movo to amend the amend-
ment so as to make it thirty miles instead of
twenty miles; and I wish to explain the reason
why I make that motion. This bill now calls
for twenty sections of land per mile, ten sec-
tions on each side of the road, to be designated
by odd numbers. Therefore the odd sections
take all the land granted by this bill within
twenty miles of the road. Now, if you limit
the selection to twenty miles, there is no chance
to take lands in lieu of those preempted, taken
by homestead claimants, or otherwise disposed
of by the Government. Therefore, ifany amend-
ment is made, it should be to extend it thirty
miles, not twenty.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over till the next
morning hour.
RIVER AND IIARBOR APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ELIOT submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes fit tho two Houses on the bill (IX. R. No. 492)
making appropriations for tho repair, preservation,
and completion of certain public works hcretoforo
commenced under the authority of law, and for othor
purpose.--, having met, after full and free contoronco
have agreed to recommend, and do recommend, to
their respective Houses as tollows:
That the llou.se agree to ihe first, second, third,
fifth, seventh, eighth, and ninth amendments asmado
by the Senate.
That the House ;> rrcc to the sixth amendment, with
the following amendment, that is to say, by inserting
in section one, pa^c l.hne t,weutv-onc, after the word
"atbresaid," the words "and all other works pro-
vided tor in this act."
That tho Ilouse ayrree to (.lie tenth amendinentwith
tho following amendment, that is to say, by inserting
after the word " JVla.nistco" in said amendment, the
words "South Ilaven."
That the Senate recede from the fourth arnend-
mMlt- Z. CHANDLER.
h. M. MORRILL,
Managert oil the liaHof the Senate.
THOMAS f>. KLTOT,
J. M. lHrMFIIRliY,
JOHN W. LOMmiAlt,
Maii'igern on thr jyirt of the Ifousc.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report was agreed to; and also
moved that the motion to rcconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
BUREAU 01' EDUCATION.
Mr. GARFIELD. I rise to a privileged
question, and call up the motion made by the
gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Upson] to re-
consider tho vote by which House bill No. 276,
entitled "Au act to establish a national Bureau
of Education," was rejected upon the question
of its passage.
Mr. Speaker, as the ITonse is aware, this bill,
when under consideration here, was amended
so as to provide for a department instead of a
bureau. I am willing, if unanimous consent
be given, that the name be changed, and that
this shall be called a "bureau" instead of a
department."
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. Yery well; that change
can be made in the Senate. _ I demand the pre-
vious question on the motion to reconsider.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that the bill be recommitted.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not in
order pending the demand for tho previous
question. -
Mr. ANCONA. I move that The motion to
reconsider be laid on tho table; and on that
motion I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37. nays 70, not voting
tit); as follows:
YEAS— Mensr,-.. Ancona, Bromwcll, Dawson, Be-
free.:, Dcnison, Eldrid:3e, Finck, Glofcbremier, Gri-
