2310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
certain extent dsny to him the right to remove
a Cabinet officer, because the amendment as it
now stands provides that if he does remove he
must at the next session of the Senate report
to the Senate the reasons upon which he re-
moves. What is to be the effect of that, pro-
vided you have the authority to impose it?
Suppose the reasons are not satisfactory, is the
Cabinet member who has been removed to be
reinstated? The amendment does not say so ;
and if it did say so, what would be the prin-
ciple which the Senate would have adopted?
That'of forcing upon the President of the Uni-
ted States a Cabinet officer in whom he has no
confidence, whom he believes to be untrue to
duty, incompetent to the discharge of his
office. The Senate may think differently from
the President; they may believe that lie has
been true to duty, that he has every competency
necessary to the discharge of the duties of the
office, and so decide ; is that to reinstate the
minister who has been removed? This amend-
ment does not say so. If it does not say so,
what is to be the effectof the amendment? To
get before the Senate some ground upon which
the other branch of Congress may impeach the
President of the United States.
Now, I speak knowingly, Mr. President,
when I say that whatever doubt was expressed
during the session of the Congress of 1780 in
relation to the incidental.power of the President
to remove, no member of that body (and many
of them had been members of the Convention
by whom the Constitution was framed) ever
suggested that the President could bo compelled
to keep around him any Cabinet officer whom
he desired to displace. Let gentlemen reflcct
for a moment. We are not legislating now for
an hour. Whatever may be the supposed exi-
gency of the time, growing out of any actual
or supposed difference of opinion between the
President and Congress, what we do now—
" Will bo recorded for a precedent:
And many au error, by the same example,
Will rush into tlio blatc."
We are but the creatures of an hour. This
nation, I trust, is to last as long as anything
human continues, ever growing in prosperity
and power; and yet the principle included
within this amendment strikes a -vital blow at
the executive department, and is inconsistent
with all the objects which it was the purpose of
the Convention to have accomplished through
the instrumentality of that department. The
Senate are not to be told that the second article
of the Constitution of the Uuited States, by
which that department of the Government is
created, says that "the executive power shall
be vested in a President;" nor are they to be
told that in the celebrated controversy between
Mr. Madison and Mr. Hamilton in relation lo
the proclamation of neutrality, in letters writ-
ten over the signatures of "Pacificus" and
" Ilelvetius," Mr. Hamilton took the ground
that every power, executive in itsnature, except
so far as it was restrained by the Constitution,
was by force of the terms by which the execu-
tive department of the Government was created
invested in the President, fn the debate in
1789, to which my friend referred, Mr. Madi-
son expressed the opinion with such a positive
conviction of its correctness that from that
time it has been practically acquiesced in. A
part^ of the discussion in which Mr. Madison
participated^ at that time the honorable mem-
ber from ^Missouri has not read. Let me call
the attention of the Senate to it for a moment.
Mr. Madison in that debate used this explicit
language:
i. ^ absolutely necessary that the President
should have the power of removing from office: it
will make him in a peculiar manner responsible for
™c'r. «°,nd,10i: and subject Mm to impeachment him-
self it ho suffers thera to perpetrate with impunity
high crimes or misdemeanors against the United
States or neglects to superintend their conduct so as
to check their excesses. On the constitutionality of
the declaration I ha\ e no manner of doubt."
Now, let me stop for a moment to inquire,
if there was no such power of removal what
would be the condition of the country and what
would be the condition of the President? He
is sworn to see to the faithful execution of the
laws; and how can he do it? Not personally;
it can oniybe done through the instrumentality
of Subordinate officers named in the Constitu-
tion, or officers appointed under the authority
conferred upon Congress by the Constitution.
He finds that the laws are not being executed,
that an incumbent disregards his duty, is guilty
of excesses, is dishonest, is appropriating the
public money to his own purposes; what is he
to do? He cannot execute the laws except by
means of officers; hecannotgo into the country
himself and collect the revenue; he cannot, be at
every custom-house in the country and see to
the collection of imposts; hecannotgo him-
self personally throughout the country and col-
lect the internal tax, whatever that may be; he
cannot execute the judgments of the courts;
he cannot go with your Indian agents and see
that they properly apply the money set aside
by Congress for that purpose. He is obliged
to do it through the instrumentality of subor-
dinates, and he finds that they are faithless;
what is ho to do? You adjourn on the 4tli of
March; you cannot sit longer at the second ses-
sion ; you do not meet again until December.
According to this amendment, although he
may turn out, (for the amendment does not
deny that.) he cannot supply the places of those
who may be dismissed; or unless he can find
anybody disposed to take the place upon the
contingency that the Senate will thereafter
approve of the appointment, the place is not
to be filled.
Well, then, your imposts are not collected;
your tax remains in the hands of those who
are liable to pay it; the duties which you owe
to the Indians and the execution of your treat-
ies with them remain unperformed. The Gov-
ernment, in a word, comes to a stand-still; and
my honorable friend from Missouri thinks it
would be pregnant with great public mischief
to give to a President of the United States,
elected by a majority of the people of the Uni-
ted States, a power of removal because he may
abuse it. Certainly he may. Cannot we abuse
our power? Are we individually better than
ho is ? 1 do not speak of the present members
of the Senate or of the House of Representa-
tives or of the present incumbent of the pres-
idential office; but looking into the manner in
which they are respectively elected, is it a bit
more probable that the President of the Uni-
ted States will be corrupt or prejudiced, almost
to the point of practical corruption, than it is
that some members of Congress may be cor-
rupt; or to put a more respectable supposition,
is it probable that they will be more enlight-
ened and more able to see the true interests of
the country than the President of the United
Slates? 1 think not.
As far as my knowledge extends, nobody
has ever impeached the personal integrity of'
any President of the United States. As to
that, each has been spotless in the public esti-
mation. Errors of judgment have been im-
puted to them ; imbecility was imputed to him
who preceded President Lincoln ; that is to
say, an imbecility which unsuited him for the
exigencies in which he was placed ; but in
point of personal integrity his character never
was assaiipd. Members of the Senate have
beeti charged with improper conduct, and have
been expelled ; members of theHouso of Rep-
resentatives have been charged with improper
conduct, and have been expelled. So then in
point of fact, looking to the experience of the
country, it is just as likely that misconduct
may be found in the Halls of Congress as that
it may be found in the executive chamber.
But what is to supply the evil consequent
npon the inability of the President to execute
the laws because the officers placed under his
charge are not fit, either morally or intellect-
ually. to execute the laws ? Above all, when
you charge him, as a Congress would have the
right to charge him ; when the judgment of
the coumry would charge him with having
abandoned his duty in seeing the laws faith-
fully executed, and he comes before you and
defends himself upon the ground that his offi-
cers were incompetent, you would, at one
time, and every Senate will hereafter, if that
should be the ground of impeachment, tell'
him in reply, "It was your duty to remove the
incompetent."
I know that when the question was first pre-
sented, in 1789, there were di(ference3 of opin-
ion, and I know that it was decided in favor
of what has been the practice ever since by
the casting vote of the Presiding Officer in this
body, but it received a majority of more than
twenty in the House of Representatives. And
see what Chancellor Kent says upon the sub-
ject. He seems to have doubted it as an ori-
ginal question ; but after citing the preamble
of the act of 1789, establishing the Treasury
Department, which declared " that whenever
the Secretary shall be removed from office
by the President of the United States," thus
assuming the power to remove, the commen-
tator says:
"This amounted to alegislative construction of the
Constitution, and it has ever since been acquiesced
in and acted upon as of decisive authority in the case.
It applies equally to every other officer of Govern-
ment appointed by the President and Senate whose
term of duration is not specially declared. It is sup-
ported by the weighty reason that the subordinate
officers in tho executive department ought to hold at
the pleasure of the head of that department, because
he is invested generally with the executive authority,
and every participation in that authority by tne
Senate was an exception to a general principle, and
ought to be taken strictly. The President is the great
responsible officer for the faithful execution of the
law, and the power of removal was incidental to that
duty, and might often be requisite to fulfill it."—
Kent's Commentaries, part 2, vol. 1, p. 310.
My friend from Missouri seems to suppose
that he has found in the case of Marbury vs.
Madison, and in a subsequent case that he
cited from Peters, decisions of the Supreme
Court of the United States at war with that
principle. He entirely—I speak it respect-
fully—misapprehends both cases. The Con-
stitution of the United States provides for cer-
tain officers by name; it gives to the President
of the United States the authority, by and with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to appoint
to offices of that description. It vests in Con-
gress the authority to give the power of appoint-
ment of other and inferior officers to any other
department of the Government that it may
think proper; and as Mr. J ustice Story saj's,
in the passages referred to by the honorable
member from Missouri, under the latter author-
ity nearly all the evils supposed to be inci-
dental to the sweeping power of the President
to remove may be guarded against, because
Congress, under the power of providing for
the appointment of inferior officers, have a
right to provide for the term of office, and to
make the particular officer independent of the
Executive.
And now, what did Marbury vs. Madison
decide? Mr. Adams, just at the close of his
administration, appointed a number of magis-
trates here in this District, and he appointed
a good many judges under a law passed about
the same time constituting additional circuits
of the United States, and making the Supreme
Court of the United States exclusively an ap-
pellate tribunal. Before Mr. Adams went out
of office his nomination of Marbury had been
confirmed by the Senate, sent to'the President,
and a'commission issued which he signed and
which was deposited in the archives of the State
Department, but was not delivered. The Su-
preme Court of the United States, upon an
application made by Marbury for a mandamus
to compel the Secretary of State, not the Pres-
ident, to deliver the commission, decided the
question of the right of Marbury to the com-
mission. With due deference to the very dis-
tinguished man then at the head of that court,
and to those who were associated with him, I
must be permitted to say that in doing so they
committed, in myjudgmcnt, a very grave fault.
They committed the same fault which the Su-
preme Court afterward in the Dred Scott case
is supposed to have committed. They com-
mitted tlie fault of deciding a controversy in a
case which was not before them, because after
a labored and an able argument, as every argu-
ment flowing from the pen of that great man
ever was, they came to the conclusion at the end
