1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL-GLOBS.
&8f
NAVIGATION OF THE OHIO RIVER.
Mi-. HILL, by unanimous consent, submitted
tlie fallowing resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
be instructed to inquire what further legislation, if
any, is necessary to improve the navigation of the
Ohio river, between its mouth and the city of Cincin-
nati, and especially at the falls of said river, near the
eity of Louisville, Kentucky, with leave to report by
bill or otherwise at the earliest praeticablo period.!
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. G RIDER. I ask unanimons consent to
submit the following resolutions,.and that they
be referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction :
Resolved, That the United States Governmentgrants
the power peaceably, or if nccessary by arms, "to en-
force the laivs, suppress insurrection, and repel inva-
sion;" but the General Government cannot by any
action whatever destroy itself nor the State govern-
ments; norcan the State governmentsdestroy either,
or legally disturb the harmony of the whole. All the
grants and powers under the Constitution are con-
servative, none destructive; wherefore all the States
liavo been and are always in the Union.
Resolved, That when the United States Government
suppressed the insurrection it only vindicated its con-
stitutional power and preexisting rights, and no more;
and the rights and powers of the Federal and State
Governments are all remitted back and assume the
same condition andrelations sustained before the in-
surrection, and (except so far as altered or amended)
romain unimpaired and in full force and virtue.
Resolved, That the law of Congress apportioning
Representatives to the several States (including the
insurrectionary State?) under the census of 1800 is
constitutional and valid, and that members of Con-
gress from all the States, regularly elected under said
law, are entitled forthwith to their seats upon taking
the oath of office to support the Constitution of the
United States.
Resolved, That as a generous kindness and cordial
forgiveness consistent with right, now peace exists,
arc the highest attributes of our nature, and as we
must have "one Government, one Constitution, and
one people,'' the glory, protection, and safety of all—
cherishing these feelings, we say it is untimely, un-
just, and impolitic to insist upon amendments to the
Constitution to operate upon all until all are repre-
sented in the House and Senate.
Mr. BROOMALL. I object.
Mr. CONKLING. 1 would inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Broomall]
if he objects to the resolutions or to their ref-
erence.
Mr. BROOMALL. To both.
Mr. CONKL1NG. As I understand they are
introduced by the gentleman from Kentucky
[Mr. Gkider] merely for the purpose of refer-
ence, I appeal to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania to withdraw his objection.
Mr. BROOMALL. I must insist on my ob-
jection.
Mr. GRIDER. I beg leave to inquire of the
Chair what is the condi tion of my resolutions.
The SPEAKER. Objection having been
made to their introduction, they have not, been
received, but will be returned to the gentleman.
He can introduce them when his State is called
for resolutions.
ABELARD GUTIIRIE.
Mr. CLARKE, of Kansas, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of Abe-
lard Guthrie; which was read a first and sec-
ond lime, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
CAPTAIN CHARLES BREWSTER.
Mr. WINFIELD, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to relieve Captain Charles Brews-
ter from accounting for Government funds stolen
from him while in th e service of the G overnment;
which was rend a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs.
ILLINOIS AND MICHIGAN SIHl'-CANAL.
Mr. ROSS, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of mak-
ing an appropriation to secure the early and speedy
construction of a ship-e;pial between the Illinois river
and Lake Michigan, and that they report to this
House at an eaily day, by bill or otherwise.
Mr. LE BLOND moved (at four o'clock
p. m.) that the House adjourn.
The motion was not agreed to,
TAX ON RAILROAD TARES AND FREIGHTS.
.Mr. HARDING, of Illinois, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the_ Committee on Agriculture be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of so grad-
uating taxation for revenue upon fares and rates
charged by railroad companies and others for the
transportation of passengers andfreightoverthehigh-
ways of commerce, thatwhilenecessaryrcvenues shall
be derived, relief may incidentally result to the agri-
cultural and other interests of the country from the
high and oppressive impositions that are now crush-
ing those interests, and especially in the West; and
whether, by judicious and lawful exercise of the pow-
ers of Congress to raise revenue and to regulate the
tj-ade and eommcrcc between the States, prompt re-
lief may not be afforded to the farmers and consumers
of the country from tho exorbitant exactions of com-
bined monopolies.
TAX ON SALES OF FARM PRODUCTS.
Mr. COOK, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of chang-
ing the internal rovenue law so that but one tax shall
be imposed upon the sale of farm products bydealers,
whether such sale bo made by dealers themselves or
through the agency of commission merchants.
Mr. SCOPIELD moved that tho House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and thereupon
(at four o' clock and ten minutes) the House
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, January 18, I860.
Prayer by Rev. Vincent Palen, of Washing-
ton, District of Columbia.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. POMEROY presented the petition of
John T. Jones, an Ottawa Indian, praying for
compensation for depredations committed by
white persons upon his property in Kansas Ter-
ritory; which was referred to tho Committee
on Indian Affairs.
He also presented thepetition of Francis Mil-
ler, of Washington city, District of Columbia,
praying for the payment of money which ho
alleges to be due him for supplies which he fur-
nished the navy-yaids at Cha.rlestown, Massa-
chusetts, Brooklyn, New York, and Gosport,
Virginia; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented resolutions of the
Chamber of -Commerce of the State of New
York, relative to tho Paris Exposition to take
place in 1867, urging Congress to make iirnoly
and adequate preparations for exhibiting the
products of the American Union in sueli a man-
ner and on such a scale as shall maintain its
just rank among the civilized nations of the
earth; which were referred to the Committee on
Foreign Relations.
Mr. NESMITH presented the petition of
Goldsmith Brothers, praying to be indemnified
for United States bonds lost on board the steamer
Brother Jonathan on the 81st of July, 1805;
which was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of S.
II. Peugh, agent and attorney for the adminis-
trator in the case of Francis Cazeau, deceased,
praying that the papers in that case may be
withdrawn from the Court of Claims and re-
ferred to the Committee on Revolutionary
I Claims; which was referred to the Commit-
tee on Revolutionary Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
officers ir. the United Stales revenue cutter ser-
vice, praying for an increase of their compen-
sation ; which was referred to the. Committee
on Commerce.
He also presented tho memorial of George
Warren, Daniel Hood, and C. R. Humphrey,
praying compensation for the ship State of
Maine, owned by them, which was seized by
the rebel authorities on the 24th of May, 1801,
and burnt by them on the arrival of the United
States troops and fleet at New Orleans ; which
was referred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBU LL presented the petition .of
Dr. L. Dyer, late surgeon in the eighty-first regi-
ment Illinois volunteers, praying for compensa-
tion for services rendered as, surgeon from t)ie
0th of April, 18G3, to the 26th of May, 1863,
the time between the dates of his dismissal
and restoration ; which was referred to ,tjhe
Committee on Claims.
Mr. BUCKALEW presented a petition of
soldiers who enlisted in the years .1801 and
1862, praying for an equalization of their boun-
ties with the bounties of those who enlisted,at
a later period during the rceent war; whiph
was referred to the Committee on Military Af-
fairs and the Militia.
He also presented a petition of citizens of
Tylersport, Pennsylvania, praying for the estab-
lishment. of a post road from Tylersport, Mont-
gomery county, to Seller's Tavern, Bucks coun-
ty, in that State; which was ordered to lie on the
table.
He also presented the petition of Sophia
Schemmelfennig, widow of the late General
Alexander Schemmelfennig, praying for an in-
crease of pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE presented a memorial of
the Board of Trade of the city of Racine, Wis-
consin, praying for an appropriation for the im-
provement of the harbor at that port j which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition of C. F.
Johnson, of Mobile, Alabama, praying for com-
pensation for damages sustained by him from
the United States forces atLakeport, nearNew
Orleans, Louisiana; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
Mr. NYE. I present the petition of Major
S. H. Lathrop, United States Army, and other
offioers now stationed at the city of New York,
praying for an increase of their pay and for the
repeal of the law reducing the mileage from ten
to six cents a mile. They set forth the fact that
since they were commissioned the pay of the sol-
diers and sailors of the Navy has been increased
from sixty to one hundred per cent., and they
desire that their pay shall be increasedjiro rata.
I move the reference of this petition to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS 01? COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, o£ Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Sarah Fitzgibbon, praying for a pension, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 82) granting a pension to
Sarah Fitzgibbon; which was read, and passed
to a second reading.
Mr. MORGAN, from the Committee on Com-
merce, to whom was referred the bill (H. R.
No. 13-r)) to extend the time for the withdrawal
of goods for consumption from public store and
bonded warehouse, and for other purposes,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 26) granting to
"the International Ocean Telegraph Company'' ,
the right and privilege to establish telegraphic
communication between the city of New York
and the West India islands, tejjorted it with an
amendment.
Mr. WADE, from the Committee on Terri-
tories, to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 74)
for the admission of the State of Colorado intc
the Union, reported it without amendment.
Mr. POMEROY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a petition
of the officers of the Burlington and Missouri
River railroad, praying for an extension of tho
time for the completion of that road, reported
a joint resolution (S. It. No. 20) extending tho
time for the completion of the Burlington and
Missouri River railroad ; which was read, and
passed to a second reading.
LAND-fiRAKT RAILROADS.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the petition
of the Burlington and Missouri River Railroad
Company, the Mississippi and Missouri Rail-
road Company, and the Cedar Kapids and Mis-
