1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4231
like this is brought forward I am bound to meet
it frankly.
Each Senator of course must act on his own
judgment and the evidence before him. Each
must be responsible to his own conscience for
the vote that he gives. Now, sir, with the
little knowledge that I have of such things,
with the small opportunities that I have enjoyed
of observing works of art, and with the moder-
ate acquaintance that I have enjoyed with art-
ists, I am bound to express my opinion that
this candidate is not competent to produce the
work which you propose to order. You might
as well place her on the staff of General Grant,
or put General Grant aside and place her
on horseback in his stead. She cannot do it.
She might as well contract to furnish an epic
poem, or the draft of a bankrupt bill. I am
pained to-be constrained to say what I do, but
when you press this to a vote you leave me
no alternative. Admit that she may make a
statue, she cannot make one that you will be
justified in placing in this national Capitol.
Promise is not performance, but what she has
done thus far comes under the first head rather
than the latter. Surely this edifice, so beautiful
and interesting, should not be opened to the
experiments of untried talent. Only the finished
artists should be invited to its ornamentation.
Sir, I doubt if you consider enough the char-
acter of this edifice in which we are now assem-
bled. - Possessing the advantage of an incom-
parable situation, it is one of the first-class
structures in the world. Surrounded by an
amphitheater of hill, with the Potomac at its
feet, it resembles the capitol in Rome, sur-
rounded by the Alban hills, with the Tiber at
its feet. But the situation is grander than that
of the Roman capitol. The edifice itself is
worthy of the situation. It has beauty of form
and sublimity in proportions, even if it lacks
originality in concoption. In itself it is a work
of art. It ought not to receive in the way of
ornamentation anything which is not a work
of art. Unhappily this rule has not always
prevailed, or there would not be so few pictures
and marbles about us worthy of the place they
occupy. But bad pictures and ordinary mar-
bles should warn us against adding to their
number.
Pardon mo if I call your attention for one
moment to the few works of art in the Capitol
which we might care to preserve. Beginning
with the Vice President's room, which is near-
est to us, we find an excellent and finished por-
trait of Washington by Peale. This is much
less known than the familiar portrait by Stuart,
but it is well worthy to be cherished. I never
enter the room where it is without feeling its
presence. Traversing the corridors, we find
ourselves in the spacious Rotunda, where are
four pictures by Trumbull, truly historic in char-
acter, in which the great scenes they portray
live again before us. These pictures have a
merit of their own which will always justify
for them the place they now occupy. Mr. Ran-
dolph, with an ignorant levity, once character-
ized that which represents the signing of the
Declaration of Independence as a " shin-piece.''
He should have known that there is probably
no picture, having so many portraits, loss ob-
noxious to such a gibe. If these pictures do
not belong to the highest forms of art, they can
never fail to be regarded with interest by the
patriot citizen, if not by the artist. There is
one other picture in the Rotunda which is not
without merit; I refer to the Landing of the
Pilgrims by Weir, where there is a certain
beauty of color and a religious sentiment; but
this picture has always seemed to me too exag-
gerated to be natural. Passing from the Ro-
tunda to the Hall of the House of Represent-
atives we stand before a picture, which, as a
work of art, is perhaps the choicest of all in
the Capitol. It is the portrait of La Fayette, by
that consummate artist, who was one of the
glories of France, Airy Scheffer. He sympa-
thized with our institutions ; and this portrait
of the early friend of our country was a pres-
ent from the artist to the people of the United
States. Few who look at it by the side of the
Speaker's chair are aware that it is the produc-
tion of the rare genius which gave to art the
Ghristus Consolator and the Francesco, da
Rimini.
If we turn from painting to sculpture, we
shall find further reason for caution. The les-
son is taught especially by that work of the
Italian Persico in the front of the Capitol, called
by him Columbus, who is represented with a
globe in his hand, but sometimes called by
others, "a man rolling nine-pins." Near to
this is a remarkable group by Greenough, where
the early settler is struggling with the savage,
while opposite in the yard is the statue of Wash-
ington by the same artist, which has found
little favor because it is nude, but which shows
a great mastery of art. There also are the
works of Crawford—the alto-relievo which fills
the pediment over the great door of the Senate
Chamber, and the statue of Liberty which looks
down from the top of the dome—attesting a
genius that must always command admiration.
There are other statues in the building by a
living artist. Then there are the bronze doors
by Rogers, on which he labored long and well.
They belong to a class of which there aro only
a few specimens in the world, and I have some-
times thought they might vie with those famous
doors at Florence, which Michael Angelo said
were worthy to be the doors of Paradise. 0 ur
artist lias represented the whole life of Colum-
bus in bronze, while the portraits of contem-
porary princes, and of the authors who have
illustrated the life of the great discoverer add
to the completeness of this work of art.
Now, sir, the doors of this Capitol are to
open again for the reception of a work of art.
It, is to be a statue of our martyred President,
lie deserves a statue, and it should be here in
Washington. But you cannot expect to have
even of him more than one statue here in
Washington. Such a repetition or reduplica-
tion would be out of place. It would be too
much. There is one statue of Washington.
There is also a statu" of .letlei'son. I refer to
the bronze statue in front of the Executive
Mansion by the French sculptor David. There
is also one statue of Jackson. It is now pro-
posed to add a statue of Lincoln. 1 suppose
you do not contemplate two st.aiues or three
statues, but only one statue. Who noi/shall
make that statue which shall find a place in
the national Capitol? Surely whoever under-
takes that work must be of ripe genius, with
ample knowledge of art and of unquestioned
capacity—the whole informed and inspired by
a prevailing sympathy with the subject and the
cause for which he lived and died. Are you
satisfied that this youthful candidate, without
ripeness of genius or ample knowledge of art
or unquestioned capacity, and not so situated as
to feel the inspiration of his life and character,
should receive this remarkable trust? She has
never made a statue in her life. Shall she ex-
periment on the historic dead and place her
experiment under this dome? I am unwilling.
When the statue of that beloved President is
set up here, where we shall look upon it daily,
I wish it to be a work of art in truth and reality,
where the living features shall be preserved
animated by the living soul, so that we shall
all hail it as the man immortal by his life, now
doubly immortal through art. Anything short
of this, even if it finds a transient renting-place
here, will be removed whenever a correct taste
asserts its just prerogatives.
Therefore, sir, for the sake of economy, that
you may not heedlessly lavish the national
treasure; for the sake of this Capitol, itielf
a work of art, that it may not have auUhiug
in the way of ornamental which is not a w<uk
of art; for the sake of our martyred Presi-
dent, whose statue should be by a iini.-hod art-
ist; and for the sake of art throughout fiie
whole country, that we may not set a bad ex-
ample, I ask you not to pass this resolution.
When I speak for art generally I open a tempt-
ing theme, but I forbear. Suffice it to say th.it
art throughout the whole country mast suili'v
if Congress crowns with its patronage anything
which is not truly artistic. By such patronage
you will discourage where yon ought to en-
courage.
Mr. President, I make these remarks with sin-
cere reluctance. I am pained to feel obliged
to make them, but such an appropriation as
this, engineered so vigorously, and having in
its support such a concerted strength, must be
met plainly and directly. Do not condemn the
frankness which you compel. If you wish to
bestow a charity or a gift, do it openly, with-
out pretense of any patronage of art or hom-
age to a deceased President. Bring forward
your resolution appropriating $10,000 to this
youthful candidate. This I can deal with. I
can listen to your argument for charity, and I
can assure you that I shall never be insensible
to it. But when you propose to pay this large
sum for a work of art to be placed in the
national Capitol in memory of the illustrious
dead, I am obliged to consider the character
of the artist you select. I wish it were other-
wise, but I cannot help it.
Mr. NESM1TH. Mr. President, if this was
a mere matter of research I should be very
much inclined to defer to the judgment of the
Senator from Massachusetts, but as 'it is not,
and as it requires no great learning, no partic-
ular devotion to reading to discover what is an
exact imitation of nature, I claim that my
judgment on such a subject is as good as his
own. My mind has never been perverted by
the extensive reading which the Senator from
Massachusetts has had, or by that vast amount
of lore in which he is so accomplished, but I
claim to be equally as good a judge as he is of
any mere matter of art which is an imitation
of a natural object.
The first objection that the Senator from
Massachusetts presented to this appropriation
was on the ground of economy. Sir, it is the
first time I ever knew that Senator seized with
a eostiveness of economy. [Laughter.] It was
onl>' last night, that wc listened to his long di-
atribes here when four different times hs'callcd
for the yeas and nays upon excessive appropri-
ations to those who are already overpaid, aj.d
now he talks about the squandering of the pub-
lic funds. Sir, there arc no public servants in
this country but those who are already over-
paid, and he objects to this young artist—this
young scion of the West, from the same land
from which Lincoln came—a young person who
manifests intuitive genius, and who is able to
copy the works of nature without having pe-
rused the immense tomes and the grand vol-
umes of which the Senator may boast—a per-
son who was born and raised in the wilds of
the West, and who is able to copy its great
works.
Sir, the Senator might have raised the same
objection to Mr. Lincoln, that he was not quali-
fied for the Presidency because his reading had
not been as extensive as that of the Senator,
or because lie had lived among rude and un-
cultivated society. I claim for this young lady,
sprung from a poor family, struggling with mis-
fortune and adversity, that she has developed
such natural genius that her talents in this
direction should bo fostered and cultivated in
preference to our giving this work to any* for-
eigner. The Senator from Massachusetts has
pandered so long to European aristocracy that
he cannot speak of anything that originates in
America with common respect. He even re-
fers to our bronze doors which wfcre cast in
Munich, and to ever) thing else of foreign pro-
duction, and he gives no creditto native genius.
What did he not speak of Powers? Why did
he not speak of our great American artists?
Why is he constantly referring us to Europe/
If this young lady and the works whnh she
has produced had been brought, to his notice
by some near-sighted, frog-eating Frenchman,
with a pair of green spectacles on his nose, the
Sj ".inter would have said that she was deserving
of cuum endation. If she could have spoken
Three or four ditferent languages that nobody
i \.!' coiild have understood, or. perhaps, that
neither she nor the Senator could understand,
iie would vote her [Laajiter.] He is a
preat patron of art, but not a patron of domestic
