1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S11
of the opinion that the whole matter was coram
non juaice, that the act of 1789 which gave an
authority to issjie the writ of mandamus was to
be construed in connection with the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and in such a case
as,was before them Congress had not power to
clothe the court with the authority to issue the
writ except in cases in which they had an appel-
late jurisdiction. Their original jurisdiction
being of a limited character and that not includ-
ing such a case as Marbury presented, Congress
had no authority, as they said, to give to the
Supreme Court of the United States the power
to issue the writ, and they dismissed the appli-
cation and it has ever been a subject of regret
that principles should have been announced in
that opinion upon the merits of the controversy
which, as the result showed, in the opinion of
the court.were not before them, 'lhe court
fell into the great error of assuming jurisdiction
so far as to decide a controversy which they
afterward held in the same opinion was not
before them because of the want of jurisdiction;
and the Supremo Court in the subsequent ease
of Dred Scott, in the opinion of some, was
thought ,to have fallen into the same error, and
that in part has led tp the severe animadver-
sions upon that adjudication.
But, Mr. President, suppose it was before
them, and suppose that opinion to be esteemed
as authority, what does it decide? That Con-
gress having created the office, of magistrate,
an office not known to the Constitution, and
under their power to create having provided
that the term of service of the incumbent, should
be live years, the incumbent was not liable to
be removed until the expiration of that period,
never denying—T think I speak knowingly;
Heaven knows I have had occasion to read the
judgment often enough — never denying the
existence of the power decided in 178!) to exist
in the President of removing officers generally;
and the same remark is applicable to the case
•which my friend has cited from the thirteenth
volume of Peters.
But if the honorable member had pushed his
researches further he would have found an-
other decision ; and if he was at the bar, and we
were trying a case, I should rather think it was
because he found something in it against his
argument.
Mr. HENDERSON. I referred to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. The case to which I allude
•was this: the Supreme Court having decided
in the case of Canter vs. The American Insur-
ance Company, reported in 1 Peters, that ter-
ritorial judges were not constitutional judges,
and therefore were not judges to hold their
office during good behavior, but could be re-
moved by the President at any time, Mr. Fill-
more removed one or two; and one of those
judges applied for a mandamus to compel the
payment of his salary upon the ground that the
President had no authority to remove him, and
of course that his successor was improperly
putin office. The Senate of the United States,
the power to appoint in a case of that descrip-
tion being a power to be exerted in conjunc-
tion with the Senate of the United States, had
approved the nomination.
Mr. HOWE. The subsequent nomination.
Mr. JOHNSON. The subsequent nomina-
tion ; but the question came before the Supreme
Court, did that remove from office the original
incumbent? That raised the question whether
the President had power to remove: and as
well as I recollect—I have not got the book
by me—there was no member of the bench
that suggested a doubt that as the Constitu-
tion was, in the judgment of that tribunal the
power to remove was vested in the President,
and pretty much for the reasons given by
Chancellor Kent. If the Constitution had not
provided that the appointment should be
made in conjunction with the Senate, if it
had merely created the office and created the
executive department, the power to appoint
wouldhavebeen vested in the President, because
in its nature it was an executive power, and
therefore the provision of the Constitution
which required the appointment.to be made in
conjunction with the Senate was aiv exception
from what would otherwise bo the power of
the President.; and as the power of appoint-
ment in that view of it would have been an
executive power, not requiring the advice and
consent of the Senate, the power to remove,
which was not provided for in the Constitution,
was a power resting in the President because
that also was an executive power.
My learned friend—and that, as I think, if
there be an error in the argument, is the ground
of the error—says there is nothing in the Con-
stitution which gives to the President the power
to remove. Certainly not; nor is there any-
thing in the Constitution which gives to the
President, by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, the power to remove. There
arc no such words to be found in the instru-
ment. The power to remove, if if is to be
exerted by and with the advice and consent
of the Senate, is a power incidental to the
power to appoint, and can only be placed upon
that ground. The Convention did not think
it necessary to provide an express power by
which an incompetent officer was to be removed.
They left it to be inf'eri ed; and Mr. Madison
and those who coincided with hira (and tho
Government has boon conducted ever since
upon tho hypothesis of the correctness of that
decision) considered the power to remove as
an executive power, not dependent, upon lhe
power to appoint with the consent of the Sen-
ate. because that looked to one object and the
other looked to a different object.. The one
looked to the power to fill an ollico ; the other
looked to the power to remove an incompetent
incumbent.
1 have not time, nor would 1 fatigue the
Senate if I had. by referring to Story for the
purpose of showing that, he coincides with the
view of Chancellor Kent. As an original
question bedoubted the existence of the power,
not upon the ground of its supposed corrupt
or dangerous tendency, as it was questioned
by a good many respectable and able men, but
he came to the conclusion, in the words 1 have
already road to the Senate, that it is.incidental
to the executive function, and is necessary to
enable the Executive to discharge his duty of
providing for the faithful execution of the
laws.
Now, Mr. President, whatever may be tho
opinion of the Senate on this question, I sub-
mit to my friend from Missouri, and those who
concur with him on the question of power,
whether it is advisable to put the proposition
in this appropriation bill. 1 do not know
what view the President will entertain upon
the, question. 1 know what Andrew Jackson
would have thought of it and how fie would
have acted, lie would have considered it a
direct infringement upon his constitutional
rights, and he would have vetoed the bill.
Now, suppose the President come.-, to that
determination, and you are unable to over-
ride that veto of an appropriation bill, the
whole appropriation will be lost. We lost an
appropriation bill here at the last session, and
a very important one, tho miscellaneous appro-
priation bill, because there was tacked to it
a provision that was offensive to the then
President of the United States.
Mr. CLARK. It failed in conference.
Mr. JOHNSON. It failed in conference
finally, but it was understood to be very dis-
tasteful to the then President and very distaste-
ful t,o a great many members of this body, and
the bill failed. Now, let me ask the Senate, as
statesmen, as sensible and unprejudiced men—
and 1 certainly assume that that is the case
with all whom I address—where is the neces-
sity of incumbering this bill with a measure
which may be provided for in a distinct bill
just as operative to effect its purpose, if it can
be passed, and without subjecting the particu-
lar bill, an appropriation bill as important as
this, to the delay, and perhaps to I ho defeat,
which may be the result of incumbc ring it with
a provision of this description ? Suppose your
post offices are stopped. You know as much
of the President's purpose as I do; but sup-
pose he comes to the conclusion that you have
no right to interfere with what ho believes to
be his constitutional power, and tho bill is lost,
what will be the issue before the country? The
post offices all to be closed, the mails arrested,
communication between the several sections
of tho country put a stop to. You will say it
is the President's fault; but what will "the
President say? "I stood upon the ground
assumed by Madison in 1780 and never after-
ward departed from; questioned once or twice,
but no measure over proposed to change the
question of power." Do you not think that
the people will concur with the President, that
the fault is with us? If yoti should reply, when
yon are called to account for having closed the
post offices, that you were compelled to do it,
the answer that could be and would be given
to you would be considered as a triumphant
answer, "Where was the necessity of clogging
ai^ appropriation bill with a measure of that
description? Why did you not put it in a sep-
arate bill and let the issue go before the coun-
try whether you were right or wrong, if the
President thought proper not to sanction that
bill?"
I have no particular desire, provided there
bo a difference of opinion between Congress
and the President of the United States, to ren-
der aid and comfort, to Congress just at this
particular juncture; but I tell them, and I toll
them in all sincerity, that 1 think 1 am giving
aid and comfort, to them when I appeal to tliW
not to incumber this bill with a provision ofthls
description. They will give to the President a
power before tho country that he does not now
possess, provided you can carry it through both
branches, and provided he vetoes tho bill, and
the bill shall be lost on that account.
As I said in the beginning, Mr. President,
it is not my purpose to discuss the differences,
whatever they may be, existing now between
the Ptesidcnt of the United States and Con-
gress. 1 am willing, more than willing, to
admit that if there bo such differences, each of
the parties to the difference thinks that lie is
right; but I think I may say—I know I may
say—that those who differ from tho President
ought charitably to conclude that lie just as
firmly believes that, lie is right as they believe
that the contrary policy which they pursue is
right. There is an honest difference of opin-
ion. if there be any difference of opinion, and
it is material to the interests of the country,
in my judgment, that, that honest, difference of
opinion shall be healed as speedily us possible.
Let, it break out as is suggested by the mem-
ber from Missouri, speaking upon the author-
ity of some Illinois paper ; let it, be carried to
the extremity recommended by that paper, and
what will be our fate? God forbid that it
should come to that result; but the mere threat
of such a result is calculated to weaken the
Government in the estimation of our own peo-
ple and in the estimation of the world at large:
to break down the credit which we want in
support of our finances; to unsettle that which
I had hoped the triumph of our arms had
achieved ; to bring about not a restored Union,
but a Union more distracted and a Govern-
ment in infinitely more peril than it was dur-
ing the worst period of the civil strife, out of
which, as far as arms could accomplish it, we
have so gloriously emerged.
Mr. WILSON. We have some very impor-
tant business to transact in executive session,
and after consulting one or two Senators, I
move that the Senate proceed to the consider-
ation of executive business.
Mr. SHE11MAN. I trust the Senate will
dispose of this bill to-day. Wo have been
engaged now for three days on a collateral
question on an appropriation bill. If the mo-
tion is insisted upon, 1 shall call for the yeas and
nays upon it. If the majority of the Senate
really desire to prolong this constroversy, I
should like to be informed of it, so that I may
act accordingly. In order to test the sense of
the Senate, I call for the yeas and nays on the
motion of the Senator from Massachusetts.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
