1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3271
Mr. SCHENCK. Then I shall have to call
the previovis question on the whole bill.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to make an explana-
tion.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have not yielded the
floor. I have proposed a fair mode of consid-
ering this matter, section by section, which I
think is as much as should be expected at this
late period of the session, and that we limit
ourselves to a short business debate. Now, if
members of the committee can forego the priv-
ilege of protracted debate and long speeches,
it seems to me others might do so. If this
proposition cannot be consented to by the
House, gentlemen all around me ask me to
call the previous question on the whole bill
and bring the House to a vote upon it at once,
which T should regret very much to be com-
pelled to do.
■_ Mr. DxVVIS. I appeal to tlie gentleman
simply to allow mo to make a statement.
Mr. SCHENCK. I yield for that purpose.
Mr. DAVIS. After the former bill, which
was rejected by the House, had been consid-
ered a long time, I hoped that if another bill
should be introduced it should conform some-
what to the principles of the bill which the
Senate had passed, and which I now under-
stand has received the approbation of military
gentlemen who are supposed to know a great
deal more? on the subject than I pretend to
know. I therefore state, for the purpose of
apprising the gentlemen of my intention, that
unless somebody else docs it I will at the
proper time move the Senate bill No. 13R,
with some slight modification, as a substitute
for the bill now presented.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York can at any time after the gentleman from
Ohio has surrendered the floor make that mo-
tion, and it w.ill be reserved until the bill is
perfected.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman must do
me the justice to observe that [ have never
objected to any opportunity for offering any
amendment in the shape of a substitute or any-
thing else. My proposition is to confine the
House to five minutos' debate. To that the
gentleman from New York objects. I suppose,
however, that he now moans to be understood
as withdrawing his objection.
Mr. DAVIS. Certainly. I did not wish to
interpose any objection which would operate
to the embarrassment of the chairman of the
committee. 1 did not know but it might be
necessary to explain to the Ilou=o in a few
words the distinctive provisions of these two
bills—the Senate bill and this one—and I did
not believe that any one would be able to do
that in five minutes. I have no objection, how-
ever, to trying the rule proposed, and if it be-
comes neee.ssary, provision may be made for
additional time.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman withdraws
the objection. Is there objection to the debate
being iimited as proposed?
No objection being made, it was accordingly
ordered that the debate lie limited to five-min-
ute speeches, and that (lie bill be considered
section by section.
. The Clerk read the first section, as follows :
Be it enacted hi/ the Senate and Ilouxe of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in (hnore^t
assembled^ That the military peace establishment
of the United States shall hereafter consist ol live
regiments of artillery, mx regiments of cavalry,
fifty legiments of infantry, the piofessors and corps
of cadets of the United States Military Academy,
and such other forces as shall be provided for by
thitt act, to be known as tho Army of the United
States.
Mr. SPALDING. I move to amend by
striking out *'six" and inserting twelve,''
so that it will read •' twelve regiments of cav-
airy."
The amendment was not agreed to.
The SPEAKER. In the debate on the pre-
vious bill the first scetion was reserved with the
privilege of amending it so that if any altera-
tion should be made in the subsequent portion
of tho bill in regard to the number of regiments
this could be made to correspond with the sub-
sequent sections.
No objection being made, the first section
was accordingly reserved.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to inquire of the
chairman of (lie committee what number of
regiments in the aggiegatc there will bo by
this section.
Mr. SCHENCK. This bill does not add six
new regiments of cavalry as the former bill
did, and it makes the number of infantry regi-
ments less by five, so that the aggregate maxi-
mum will be twelve thousand two hundred less
rank and file than was proposed by the pre-
vious bill. Instead of an army of fifty thou-
sand, capable of extension to eighty-two thou-
sand six hundred, we now propose an army of
forty-three thousand, capable of extension to
seventy thousand.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will move to amend by
striking out tho word "fifly" and inserting
" forty," so that it will read ''forty regiments
of infantry."
Mr. SCHENCK. I will give my reason for
opposing this amendment. The House will
find that these fifty regiments are made up of
the present ten infantry regiments in the old
regular Army, of twenty-two regiments to be
composed of nine new regiments of three bat-
talions each, and then of ten regiments to be
called the Veteran Reserve corps, and eight
regiments of colored men. Now, if you re-
duce the number of regiments to forty, you
must dispose in some way of ten of these regi-
ments, either by giving up the provision for
wounded officers and soldiers of the Army,
which, after full consideration when the for-
mer bill was before the House, it refused to
do, or by giving up tho eight regiments of
colored troops, or else by faking the number
of regiments from some portion of the regular
Army and disbanding them. The committee
have reduced the number of regiments to be
composed of the nine new large regiments
which wove added to the regular Army to last
during the war to as low an extent as possi-
ble. so as to preserve them at all, when we
make them into twent)-two regiments. They
do this by taking the whole two hundredfold six-
teen companies of the nirie large regiments and
adding only four companies to round out the
number of ten companies to each regiment,
and thus compose the twenty-two new regi-
ments. The former bill provided for twenty-
seven regiments from the old nine large regi-
ments, instead of fwenly-two, by taking the
three battalions of which each of the, nine regi-
ments was composed, and adding to each bat-
talion two companies, thus making the aggre-
gate addition twice twenty-seven companies.
I make this explanation, because if tho mo-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Lu Bi.oxd] should
prevail, it must alter necessarily what follows
in the bill; and the House must dispense either
with the provision for wounded officers and
wounded soldiers, or with the provision made
for colored troops, or else you must tuin out,
dismiss, disband some portion of the regular
Army to accomplish the object.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 confess that I know
but little about military matters. In the motion
1 have made i am simply looking to a princi-
ple ; it is for the purpose of reducing the stand-
ing Army in time of peace. It is with that view
only that I have made the motion to amend.
The argument of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs [Mr. Soiiexck] cer-
tainly amounts to nothing, so far as the action
of Congress hitherto upon this subject is con-
cerned. If this House shall determine to re-
duce the minimum, they can do so, and the
other provisions can be made to conform to that
action. It amounts to no argument to saythat
we have added certain regiments, either col-
ored regiments or white regiments, and pro-
vided for their distribution in a certain way.
That can be arranged and conformed to the
judgment of Congress, if we should take a less
number of regiments than the committee has
reported here.
1 do think that our expenses are already
large enough. And the past history of this
country shows that we can get along in time
of peace with a much less number than here
provided for; and as we have got along with
a less number in the past, I think we can get
on with less in the future. And the financial
condition of tho country requires that we shall
economizo in every conceivable way. I do not
know that my amendment distributes the regi-
ments as they should be. I am not military
man enough to do it. I simply wish an ex-
pression of tho House upon the question in
order to ascertain whether they favor a reduc-
tion of the number of regiments proposed by
the committee. It is with this view that I have
offered the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the amend-
ment so as to make the number of infantry regi-
ments forty-five. I am opposed to the princi'
pie of reducing our Army to any considerable
extent. 1 think we should have it increased
so that it shall be an efficient power for the
protection of the country; but I desire the
increase to come in a mode and in the arm of
the seivieo which is not yet provided for in
this bill. I think we should have an increase
of the cavalry force.
Now, if gentlemen will reflect for one mo-
ment upon the present coudition of the country,
its exposed frontier at the West, and the state
of the country at the South, it will not take
long. I think, for any gentleman to make up
his mind that the cavalry branch of the service
is more important than any other, and yet by
the provisions of this bill wo are to have but
five cavalry regiments, or five thousand cavalry.
Officers who are experienced in that branch of
the service, some of quite as much experience
as any in the country, one of thein, General
A. .1. Smith, who has served for a long time
as chief of artillery in the valley of the Mis-
sissippi, who has been upon the frontier, who
has been beyond the mountains upon the Pa-
cific slope—heand other officers have informed
me that the force of five thousand cavalry is
entirely inadequate to the present wants of the
countiy. And therefore, although I am op-
posed to the reduction of tho number of infan-
try regiments in the manner indicated by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Le Blond,] still I
am in favor of an increase of the cavalry force.
And as it is understood that this first section is
to be passed over for the present, I will give
notice that at the proper time I propose to
move to increase the number of regiments to
that provided for by the Senate bill, to twelve
regiments, or even to increase them to fifteen
regiments. 1 withdraw my amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. SCHENCK. For thepurpose of mak-
ing some further explanations, I will move to
amend the amendment so as to make the num-
ber of infantry regiments fifty-five. The Com-
mittee on Military Affaiis have endeavored to
accommodate this bill to the most manifest
wish of the House in the present form in which
this bill is reported. The House, after full
discussion, passed upon the question whether
they would or would not make provision in
the Army bill for the wounded officers and
wounded men of the service by preserving the
Veteran Reserve corps. Taking that as instruc-
tions, the committee, without restoring the old
Veteran lieserve corps at all, which consists
of twenty-four regiments, have provided that
there shall be a Veteran lieserve corps made
up of wounded officers and wounded men,
taken indiscriminately from all arms of the
service, to the extent of ten regiments.
The House just as unmistakably expressed
itself upon the question of retaining a portion
of the colored troops, eight regiments, as pro-
posed in the former bill; and tho committee
has therefore permitted that provision to stand.
There was no disposition manifested by the
House to disband or dismiss any portion of the
regular Army as it now exists. The infantry
of the regular Army, as everybody knows, con-
sists of ten old regiments, of one thousand men
each, and nine new regiments which were added
early in the war and which are required bylaw
to bo disbanded within one year after tho ter-
mination of hostilities. The committee has
