3272
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
preserved those nine regiments now of the
regular Army ; but in order to provide for as
small a number as possible of new regiments
we have added to the two hundred and six-
teen companies four new companies, making
twenty-two new regiments instead of twenty-
seven as provided for in the former bill.
If the amendment of my colleague [Mr. Le
Bloxd] should prevail it will follow of neces-
sity that the House must get rid of all provis-
ion for wounded officers and men, or must
dispense with the colored troops or some por-
tion of the existing regular Army. The com-
mittee felt themselves instructed by the action
of the House to endeavor to diminish, as far
as they could, the force proposed in the former ;
bill. In doing this they have provided, as I '
have just remarked, for twcnty-Wo new regi-
ments in the regular Army, instead of twenty-
* seven. They have also dropped the six new
regiments of cavalry, as formerly proposed,
and in lieu of the provision for new cavalry
regiments they have provided in this bill that
the President may at any time, at his discretion,
mount a portion of the infantry to serve as
cavalry, not exceeding in number six regiments.
Sir, I do not know that I differ at all with the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Davis] in my
general view upon the question of the extent i
of our Army. I am bold to say that I do not
think our Army ought now to be reduced. I
do not think that the firstbill or this bill or any
bill which has yet been presented proposed too
large a force. I think we shall find need for
all the army we may have. We shall require
a large military force for frontier duty, for duty
at forts throughout the interior, and for ser-
vice in the South, too, if we expect the peace
to be kept against all the prevailing influences
tending to break the peace. But the House has
certainly most manifestly expressed a desire to
limit within as narrow a compass as possible
the number of the force to be provided for in
this bill; and we have endeavored to accom-
modate ourselves to this view, without disre-
garding these other manifestations of opinion
on the part of the House, indicating an unwill-
ingness to turn adrift any of these proposed
portions of the Army, as provided for in the
former bill.
Mr. LE BLOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to
oppose the amendment to the amendment. I
do not propose, sir, to discuss at this time the
condition of the South. 1 think that enough
has already been said on that subject, f think
the country fully understands the crippled con-
dition of the South. It is well understood that
the people of the South are entirely disarmed
and utterly incapable of insurrection or of giv-
ing us tumble if they desired to do so. But "the
remarks of my colleague, it seems to me, sug-
gest a reason why my amendment should be
adopted. As he has remarked, it was deter-
mined by the House on a former occasion that
eight regiments of colored troops should be re-
tained. It was also decided that ten regiments
of the Veteran Reserve corps shouldbe retained.
We did not provide for the retention of a suf-
ficient number of this corps to include all of
this class of soldiers throughout the country.
The effect of the present bill is to exclude these
from the standing Army in order to give place
to colored regiments. I for one am opposed
to giving place to the colored troops to the
exclusion of the men of my own race who have
fought in defense of their country.
If, sir, we are to provide for any in this bill
let us provide for men of our own race instead
of the colored race. Do away with your col-
ored regiments and you merely fill the number
I desire. Then you will leave the Army to be
made up of men of our own race and our own
color. I hope the amendment I have offered
will prevail, arid there will be a reduction in
this particular, and as we proceed the com-
mittee can divide them up into the different
departments of the Army.
Mr. SCI-IENCK,byunammousconsent, with-
drew his amendment..
_ Mr. Le Bloxd's amendment was then re-
jected, only nineteen voting in the affirmative.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I move to amend in
line four by striking out "six" and inserting
" ten," and in line five by striking out " fifty"
and inserting "forty-six;" so it will read:
That the military peace establishment of the Uni-
ted States shall hereafter consist of five regiments of
artillery, ten regiments of cavalry, forty-six regiments
of inlantry, the professors and corps of cadets of
the United States Military Academy, and such other
forces as shall be provided for by this act, to be known
as the Army of the United States.
Mr. Speaker, while I am quite as anxious
as anybody else to reduce the expenditures
of the Government, while I should agree with
many of my friends probably upon both sides
of the House, that a large standing army is
inconsistent with republican institutions, yet,
sir, if I had ray own way under the present con-
dition of things, I would provide for a much
larger army than is provided for in this bill.
Sir, the testimony which has been taken be-
fore a certain committee of this House within
the last four or five months clearly indicates
to me at least, although the former rebellious
States are, in my judgment, as in the judgment
of the gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ray-
mond,] who spoke yesterday, not in a con-
dition to offer violence, still the military arm
of the Government may be required there to a
certain extent at least to enforce the law and
protect the people.
Again, sir, within the last few days we have
heard of complications in Europe which may
lead to war of a magnitude unparalleled here-
tofore in the history of the world ; and in those
complications it may be well for us, although
we are at peace with all the world, to be pre-
pared for any contingency which may arise.
I fear this House is opposed to increasing
the Army to an amount larger than that pro-
vided in the bill. Hence I move to strike out
'' fifty" and insert ''forty-six;" and stiike out
"six" and insert "ten;" because I believe
the cavalry arm of the service is eminently
needed. If my amendment succeeds we will
have ten instead of six regiments of cavalry,
an d forty -six regiments of infantry instead of
lifty. Yire know very well at the commence-
ment, of the recent war the cavalry arm of the
service was not thought to be of account at
all. and when applications were made the then
Lieutenant General of the Army refused them,
declaring he did not approve of the cavalry
arm. _ For a long time we met with nothing
but disaster and defeat, when the most emi-
nent military men of the country found out that
under the present, system of warfare the most
efficient branch of the service was the cavalry.
Look at our domain. Look at the vast emi-
gration which is filling up the great Northwest,
from the Mississippi to the Pacitie coast. How
are they to be protected on their way to the
mining districts? Infantry cannot do it. Ar-
tillery cannot do it. It is only cavalry can pro-
tect the emigrants who are making their way
westward. Why, sir, the cavalry is the only
arm of the service in the extreme West which
can be efficient.
I know this bill provides in a subsequent
portion that the President may at his option
change a certain number of infantry to cavalry-
regiments. We all know that will not answer
the purpose. We all know when infantry is
mounted as cavalry it takes months and months
to perfect them in the duties they are called
upon to perform.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ROSS. I ask if the question is divisible.
The SPEAKER. It is, and the question is
first on striking out'1 six regiments of ca valry:'
and inserting,in lieu thereof "ten regiments
of cavalry.':
The question was put, and the amendment
was disagreed to.
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I withdraw the re-
mainder of my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows;
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That the five regi-
ments of artillery provided for by this act shall con-
sist of the five regiments now organized; and the first,
second, third, and fourth regiments of artillery shall
have the same organization as is now prescribed by
law for the fifth regiment of artillery: Provided,Thstt
the regimental adjutants, quartermasters, and com-
missaries shall hereafter be extra first lieutenants.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to add at the end
of that section the following:
Who shall be appointed from among those wh o have
served as officers or soldiers of volunteers in the late
ivar for the suppression of the rebellion, who havo
been distinguished for capacity, good conduct, and
efficient service, and who shall be subject to such
examination as is hereinafter provided.
I will explain that amendment. By the pres-
ent organization of regiments, the adjutants,
quartermasters, and commissaries are detailed
for their several duties. By this bill it is pro-
posed that they shall be extra first lieutenants,
not officers taken away from their proper du-
ties, but shall serve specially in these different
positions. This, then, will open the way to some
new appointments even in the old regiments,
and I propose that these new appointments be
secured to the volunteers. That is the object
of this amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted. That the .six regi-
ments of cavalry provided for by this act shall consist
of the six regiments now in service. Bach of said
regiments shall hereafter h-ave but one hospital
steward, and the regimental adjutants, quartermas-
tcrs,*and commissaries shall hereafter be extra first
lieutenants; and cach regiment shall have one vet-
erinary surgeon, whose compensation shall be 8100
per month. But at any time hereafter, when the
exigencies of the public service may require, the
Piesident of the United States shalt havo the power
and authority to mount any of the infantry regiments
of the Army, not exceeding six regiments in number
at any one time, to serve as cavalry, and while so
serving tliey shall be allowed all the pay, allowances,
and emoluments of cavalry troops.
Mr. PAINE. I would suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs one
amendment in that section, which I am sure
will commend itself to his judgment. It is to
insert inline thirteen, after the word " cavalry"
the words " or mounted infantry." Ithasbeen
found, I believe, in the field to be true that
mounted infantry serving as cavalry have done
as much service and perhaps more than they
could have done if equipped and serving as
cavalry proper.
Mr. SCHENCK. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SOIIENCK. I move to amend this
section by inserting after the word "lieuten-
ants" in the sixth line the words "to be ap-
pointed as provided for in the foregoing sec-
tion in the case of .similar officers of the artil-
lery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. T move to amend that section
by striking out all after the word " month" in
the eighth line, as follows :
But at any time hereafter, when the exigencies of
the public service may require, the President of tho
United States shall have the power and authority to
mount any of tho infantry regiments of the Army, not
exceeding six regiments in number at any ono time,
to servo as cavalry, and while so serving they shall
be allowed all the pay, allowances, and emoluments
of cavalry troops.
1 make this motion for the purpose of saying
a jvord in regard to the policy of mounting
infantry for cavalry service. The informa-
tion I have received from officers in the cav-
alry service convinces me that a good cavalry
man cannot be made in less than three years.
Now, the term of enlistment under this bill is
only three years, and a man taken from other
branches of the service and put into the cav-
alry cannot become qualified for his duties in
less than two or three years. If I may be per-
mitted, in corroboration of'this statement, to
refer to the history of our late war, it was more
than two years after that war commenced be-
fore the cavalry was successful. It was only
by the experience of two or three years of
service that tho cavalry did anything that re-
dounded to the honor of our arms. That branch
of the service subsequently was very useful in
the taking of prisoners and in regard to the
movements of the enemy.
I believe, sir, that we sho'uld have a perma-
nent increase of at least double the extent pro-
vided for by this bill. If it were in my power
