1352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mafcli 13,
a battle impending, and they staid in the ser-
vice and fought through that battle.
I desire to say, furthermore, that when the
election was held last year, it was held during a
season of Indian difficulties that had been un-
surpassed. Like the Senator from Massachu-
setts, I too have received letters from citizens
of my own State now residing in Colorado, in
■which they state that they could not go to the
polls at that election; they had to fortify and
defend their own houses and would not go.
One of them in writing to me details the diffi-
culties of some of his neighbors who did go,
and he tells mc that one of them was killed by
an Indian, and the gentleman who wrote the
letter pulled out the arrow and sent it to me,
and I now hold it in my hand. My informant
did not go to the election himseMj-but some of
his neighbors did, and one of them lost his life.
That is another reason why these people under
these circumstances could not and did not poll
a large vote.
But I wish to call the attention of the Senate
for a moment to this question of population.
The argument is not all on one side, as has been
represented. That they have not taken a cen-
sus since 1860 is not the fault of the people of
Colorado. The States generally did it in 18G5.
The reason why a census has not been taken in
the Territories is because Congress made no
appropriation for it and there was no law for it.
But it seems they did take one, though imper-
fectly, in I860, and under that census it appears
there were 18,223 adult males over twenty-one
years of age. Now, it is a fact that the popula-
tion in ail Territories is composed almost ex-
clusively of males, but they represent females
and minors at the old homestead somewhere.
You may go lo-day in Vermont—and Vermont
was admitted into the Union when she had but
65,000 inhabitants—and the population would
be represented by less than 18,000 male adults;
and the same is true with regard to any con-
gressional district in the United States. The
population will be live or six times greater than
the number of male adults over twenty-one
years of age. What the population of Colo-
rado is at this time none of us know, nobody
protends to know. My own opinion is, from
the amount of emigration [ see going there from
my own State and through the town where I
live, that it must, bo quite large. I do not be-
lieve that it has decreased at any rate since the
ccnsus of 1 HBO was taken.
Mr. STEWART. If the Senator will allow
me 1 wish to make a statement at this point
with regard to the last vote east in Colorado
which has not been slated. The last vole in
Colorado for Governor was 7,-b">7.
Mr.^ POMliltOY. I will state one thing
more.* When my own State had a population
of 10(5,000 we never polled, when we voted
honestly, more than 18,000 votes. No people
can exceed that proportion.
Now, as to the irregularity of this proceed-
ing, this is not. the fu-st lime that a State has
coinc here irregularly. I have before mc the
romarks of both the Senators from Massachu-
setts and other gentlemen on that side of the
Chamber when Kansas came here under the
Topelca constitution as it was eallcd, when we
had not boon two years a Territory, and those
gentlemen not only espoused our cause with a
population less than this, but the l'ree States
all over espoused it and sustained the views
taken by leading Senators at that time. That
constitution was as irregular as any constitu-
tion could be. It originated entirely with the
people. We were endeavoring to throw off
the tyranny of a territorial government, and
we had the generous support and sympathy of
the leading members ol the Senate who were
then here and who are here now. I wish to
say to the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
Sumxer] that the speech made by him on the
20th of May, 1850, which I have before me in
the Appendix to the Congressional Globe, im-
mortalized him. so far as the people of Kansas
were concerned. He was, perhaps, sufficiently
immortalized without it, but by that speech he
endeared himself to our people. Although
that effort to admit Kansas failed at the time,
yet, I think, it committed those who were in
favor of that irregular organization and small
population to the support of any other people
who should be thus struggling in the future.
I have but a word- to say in reference to the
amendment the Senator from Massachusetts
offered yesterday. I confess that I should like
to have had some such amendment adopted. I
am only sorry that when the enabling act was
before the Senate the Senator did not insert
that amendment in it. The enabling act re-
ceived the vote of the Senator from Massachu-
setts, and so did the organic act. We said in
the enabling act that the laws then existing in
the Territory might govern the election, and the
laws then existing prohibited colored men from
voting, and we reenacted that over again in the
enabling act.
Mr. S CJMNER. Will my friend allow me to
make a remark just there?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says that when
we passed the enabling act the laws of the Ter-
ritory allowed the exclusion of colored voters.
In one sense, the Senator is right; but in an-
other sense, practically, he is wrong. The
Senator perhaps is not aware that by the origi-
nal statutes of the Territory colored voters were
allowed, but that was changed by a law that
bears date in the books of the Territory only
twelve days before the passage of this enabling
act; that is, before the enabling act was ap-
proved by the President. When the Senate
acted on that enabling act, the laws of the Ter-
ritory did recognize colored suffrage; when -I
voted for it the laws of the Territory recognized
colored suffrage ; and the language of the en-
abling act is, "That all persons qualified by
law to vote for representatives to the General
Assembly of. said Territory at the date of the.
passage of this act shall be qualified as elect-
ors."
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator is right in
that regard; but previous to the act to which
he refers,* there was no law on the subject of
color with reference to voting. But the or-
ganic act that the Senator voted for, which
was a copy of the organic act of my own State
when it was a Territory, declared that all free
white male citizens over the age of twenty-one
years and persons who had declared their in-
tention to become citizens should have the
right to vote in the Territory. It did notrequire
a day's residence ; it did not require any local
habitation; it was only necessary to be inside
the boundary of the Territory and be a white
male citizen over twenty-one years of age or
a foreigner who had declared his intention to
become a citizen, anil he could declare his in-
tentions on the morning of the day of election,
and then vote. That was the qualification for
voting that these people had to begin with.
That was the way they were to orgauizc the
government, I am sorry to say, as approved
by this Senate and by Congress.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I should like to ask a
question. Under the Ordinance of 1787, which
is claimed to be the enfranchisement of the
Northwest, was a negro allowed to vote in any
Teiritory or State? That is a question for the
Senator from Massachusetts particularly.
Mr. POMEROY. If that question is asked
of the Senator from Massachusetts particularly,
I shall not answer it. 1 will close what I have
to say, because 1 know the Senate arc anxious
to take a vote. I saythc qualification for voting
in this Territory was given them by Congress;
that in the organic act they had permission to
do what they have done, I am sorry to say,
exclude colored citizens from the right of suf-
frage. In the enabling act the law of the Ter-
ritory was made the law of suffrage. That ques-
tion has got beyond our control. I am sorry
that it has, for I should like to vote with the
Senator from Massachusetts on that subject, but
1 cannot do it as applicable to this Territory.
I repeat, therefore, that no point can be
made with reference to the irregularity of these
proceedings. In reference to their want of
population, all I can say is. that they proxi-
mate toward and are in the neighborhood at
any rate of that number of population that we
have always required. No specific number
has ever been required. These people are
now regularly organized. All parties in the
Territory acquiesce in the State government.
There is no party there, as far as I can learn,
hostile to it. I know I have just received a
letter from Judge Wilcox, a distinguished citi-
zen who went there from my own State, in
which he says there is not a public man there,
unless he holds an office under the territorial
government, opposed to it. I presume no
question will be raised here as to the loyalty
of the people of Colorado, because they volun-
teered largely, they helped us through the war,
and they have sent here two of the most loyal,
consistent, and earnest Republicans (if that is
any test of loyalty) that they have in the
Territory.
The Senator from Massachusetts made some
allusions yesterday to some letters which he
had received in reference to these gentlemen
personally. I will offset that by saying that my
own acquaintance with them extends many
years back. One of these gentlemen was a dis-
tinguished citizen of my own State, who was
always engaged with us in the free State cause.
He was an anti-slavery man long before that.
He has an open and hold record back as far as
18-18, and I do not believe that we need go back
beyond that to establish the loyalty or anti-
slavery character of any man. These gentle-
men have never deviated or changed their po-
sition. They have never assumed any other
position than that of the most radical, loyal,
devoted, and earnest men for the country and
the Government. I state this simply and solely
because the Senator from Massachusetts said
that he had received some letters that reflected
on their character. I do not believe any such
letters. I intend to vote for this bill, and I hope
we shall take the vote upon it and close the
question.
Mr. SAULSBURY obtained the floor.
Mr. WILSON. Will the Senator from Dela-
ware yield me thefloorforan instant ?
Mr. SAULSBURY. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON. I wish simply to say that
the Army bill was assigned for one o'clock to-
day. I have been pressed very strongly to allow
the vote to be taken on this Colorado bill, and
I will consent to let the Army bill go over
informally, for a time at any rate, and let the
debate go on on this bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I shall occupy the at-
tention of the Senate but a moment. I wish
simply to say that if I could vote for the ad-
mission of Colorado under the circumstances,
1 should do so with great pleasure ; because T
find one fact connected with the history and
character of that people that commends itself
to my most favorable consideration. I find
that there are at least eight or nine sensible
men in that Territory to one of a contrary char-
acter; because when the proposition to allow
negro suffrage was submitted to the people of
that Territory, there were 4,192, according to
the statement laid on our tables, opposed to
it, and only 470 lunatics in the whole Territory
in favor of it. [Laughter.] That is a fact that
commends itself to my most favorable consid-
eration j and had Colorado, in my judgment,
a sufficient number of inhabitants to be enti-
tled to admission into the Union, I would most
cheerfully vote for her admission, because I
think she has presented in this vote the evi-
dence of the good sense of her people.
Mr. President, the bill under consideration
proposes to admit Colorado into the Union.
The very statement of the proposition awak-
ens some very serious thoughts for reflection.
There are eleven States that I thought were
in this Union, that I never knew were out of
the Union, some of them original actors in
the formation of this Government, and without
whose action the Federal Union never would
have been formed, whose representatives to-
day are knocking at j mr doors for admission
into this Hall and you reject them. You pre-
sent a proposition to the Congress of the Uni-
