1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3273
I would have at least twenty regiments of cav-
alry. They are extended all along our fron-
tier, and have to keep peace with the Indians.
The Indians are all good horsemen. They
make descents upon our settlements for pur-
poses of pillage, and after accomplishing their
purpose they flee away, and you cannot pursue
them with infantry. You cannot cross the
plains with infantry ; you must liave^cavalry ;
and in the existing state of things we need
a large cavalry force. As I do not believe that
we shall accomplish any good by allowing the
President to mount infantry, I have moved to
stnke out this provision. I will not, however,
insist upon it; I withdraw my amendment.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That the infantry
regiments herein provided for shall consist of the first
ten regiments of infantry often companion cach now
in sei vice, of twenty-two regiments to be formed by
adding four new companies to tho two hundred and
sixteen companies constituting tho nine regiments
organized under the act to increase tho pros-cut mil-
itary establishment of tho United States, approved
July 29, 1861, and organizing the whole two hundred
and twenty companies into twenty-two new regi-
menls, which shall be numbered from theeloventh
to the thirty-second inclusive, of ten regiments to be
raised and officered as hereinafter provided for, to be
called the Veteran Reserve corps; and of eight regi-
ments of colored men, to bo raised and officered as
hereinafter provided, to be known as United States
colored troops.
Mr. NIBLACK. I move to strike out on
line fourteen of that section, after tho word
"corps," the following:
And of eight regiments of colored men, to be raised
and officered as hereinafter provided, to bo known as
United States colored troops.
Mr. Speaker, when we were obliged, during
the war, to introduce colored troops into the
service it was not understood that they should
continue in the service after ihe termination
of the war. ft was regarded merely as a tem-
porary measure to meet the emergency which
seemed to be upon the country. I have never
yet, myself, believed that colored troops were
as valuable as while troops, and I presume that
hereafter we shall havo no difficulty in obtain-
ing a sufficient number of white troops. Hence
I think we ought to strike out this provision. I
make the motion in good faith and hope it will
be adopted.
The amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the officers
of the ten regiments of infantry, lirst piovidcd for in
the foregoing section, shall consist of those now com-
missioned and serving therewith,subject to such ex-
amination as the condition of theirbcing retained in
the .servicc as is hereinafter provided for. And the
officers of the twenty-two new regiments next pro-
vided for in kuid section, shall consist of those com-
pany officers heretofore commissioned and solving
with I ho companies composing the said nine regiments
which were organized under the provisions of the
aforesaid act to increase the present military estab-
lishment of the United States, approved July 2(\
I8til, subject also to like examination, and of such
field and other officers as it may be necessary to ap-
point or reappoint to complete the organisation of
such regiments. And in making appointments to
fill tho original vacancies in the thirty-two regiments
thus provided for, and for a period of three years
alter the parage of this act, all the first and second
lieutenants, two thirds of the captains, and one half
of the officers in each of the grndes above that of first
lieutenant shall be selected from among the officers
and soldiers of volunteers who have served m the
Army of the United States in the late war for the sup-
pression of the rebellion, and who have been distin-
guished l'oi capacity, good conduct, and efficient ser-
vice: but graduates of the United States Military
Acadcmy shall immediately upon graduation be eli-
gible to appointment as aecond lieutenants; and after
the original vaeaneics are tilled, enlisted men oi the
regular Army, who .shall have served not less than
one year, .shall also bo eligiblcto appointment as sec-
ond lieutenants. The Veteran Reserve corps shall
be nfiiceiv-d by appointment trom any officers and
soldiers of volunteers or of the retruL'tr Army who have
been wounded in tho line of their duty while serving
in the Ariny of the United States in the late war, or
have be<m disabled by di^ea^e contracted in sueh ser-
vice, and who may yet be competent lor garrison or
othei dutv, to which 1 hat corps has heretofore been as-
signed. The office: s selected to fill original vacancies
in thoregimenNof colored troops shall be taken from
among tho<e who ha\e served as ofliceis of colored
tioops'm the Army of the United States in the late
war. And oil appointments of officers in the Vet-
eran Reserve corps and m regiments of colored troops
shall be made on examination, as hereinaitcr pro-
vided, having reference to capacity, good conduct,
and efficient service in every ca^e: Provided, That !
all officers ot the existing Veteran Reserve corps, I
except now actually detailed for dutv m the ,■
Freedmen's Bureau, or otherwise actually and neccs- i
sarily employed, shall upon the passage of this act
be mustored out of service and put upon the same
footing as other disabled officers not now in service.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 6. And he it further onadcdt That the appoint-
ments to bemadefrom among volunteer officers, under
the provisions ot this act, shall be distributed, us far
as may be practicable, among tho States, Territories,
and District of Columbia, in proportion to the num-
ber of troops furnished by them respectively to the
service of the United States during the late war.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 7. Andbeit further enacted, That cach regiment
of infantry provided for by this act shall have ono
colonel, one lieutenant colonel, ono major, one adju-
tant, one regimental quartermaster, one sergeant
major, ono quartermaster sergeant, one commissary
sergeant, one hospital steward, two principal musi-
cians, and ten companies, and each company shall
have one captain, one first lieutenant, and one second
lieutenant, ono fir^t sergeant, four sergeants, eight
corporals, two artificers, two musicians, one wagonor,
and fifty privates, and tho number of privates may
be increased to one hundred, at the discretion of the
President, whenever the exigencies of the service
require such increase. The adjutant and quarter-
master of a regiment, shall each be an extra first
lieutenant, appointed for their respective duties.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 8. Andbcit further enacted, That the adjutants
and quartermasters of infantry regiments shall bo
mounted officers; and that all regimental adjutants
and quartermasters shall be paid, in addition to their
other proper allowances as lirst lieutenants and
mounted officers, ten dollars per month as compensa-
tion for their greater care and responsibility; and
officers of tho lino detailed to act as regimental quar-
termasters or as quartermasters or commissaries of
permanent posts, or of commands of not less than two
companies, shall, when the assignment, is duly re-
ported to and approved by the AVar Department,
receive as extra compensation whilo responsible for
Government propcity, ten doilais per month.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows;
Sf-C. 9. Amlhc it further rii'n-frd. That fifteen bands,
including the band at the Military Academy, may be
retained or enlisted in the Army wifh such organiza-
tion as is now piovidcd by law, to bo assigned to
brigades in time of war, and in time of peace to as-
sembled brigades, or to forts or posts at which the
largest number of troops shall be stationed: and tho
band at the Military Academy shall be placed on
tho same footing as other bands; and there shall be
one ordnance sergeant and ono hospital steward for
each military post, and tho same number of post
chaplains as now provided by law; and a commis-
sioned or non-commissioned officer of tho Veteran
Reserve corps shall be assigned to duty as superin-
tendent and guard at each national cemetery now
established or that may hereafter be established.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend that section
by inserting in line six after tho word "sta-
tioned" the words "if deemed expedient by
the Secretary of War." As the section now
stands, it is made the duty of the Secretary to
assign bands to those posts having (he largest
number of troops. Now, sir, the number of
troops varies; sometimes temporarily at dif-
ferent points; and yet, under this bill, the mo-
ment the largest number of troops is assembled
at any one post, although it may be temporarily,
a band must be sent to that posi. This may
work inconveniently. 1 think my amendment
will meet with no objection.
Mr. KCIIENOK. Tho Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs preserved the precise language
upon this point which was put in the bill when
it was last under consideration. I do not see
any objection to the amendment, but i think
the gentleman will accomplish his object if
lie will move to strike out from the commence-
ment of the sixth line down to and including
the word "stationed."
Mr. DAVIS. 1 do not know but that that
will accomplish my object.
Mr. SCHENOK. This section contains the
amendment which was made upon the motion
of the gentleman from "Wisconsin, f Mr. Paixe,]
when this bill was before the House on a former
occasion, with this difference: we have reduced
the number of'bands from seventeen to fifteen,
including the band at "West Point, regarding
that as about the proper proportion for the
reduced number of regiments.  
Mr. PAINE. I will explain in a few words
the reasons which prompted me to offer the
amendment when this bill was before the House
on a former occasion. It never occurred to
me, and I suppose it has occurred to but few
members of this House, that the President in
carrying out the provisions of the amendment
I offered, whenever it should happen that there
was the largest number of troops temporarily
stationed at a particular post, would send a
band there on that account. I supposed as a
matter of course that he would exercise a rea-
sonable amount of discretion in carrying out
the provisions of this bill, and would not, be-
cause the largest number of troops happened
to be stationed at any post for a few days, or
even for a few weeks, feel himself called upon
to transfer a band to that post. And I have
no idea that the President of the United States,
or any officer acting under him, would ever do
anything so unreasonable as that.
My idea'in offering the amendment was this:
that the posts at which the largest number of
troops were stationed are justly entitled to
these bands, if they are retained in the ser-
vice, and not those posts where there may hap-
pen to be a small number of troops stationed,
and where the officers who happen to be in
command may be so influential with the au-
thorities as to obtain these bands to the depriva-
tion of other posts more entitled to them. I
still think that the bands should go to the posts
where the largest number of troops are sta-
tioned for any period of time, whether it be on
the frontiers where men see hard service, where
officers do not like to be stationed, and where
bands do not like to go, or whether it be on
the sea-board, near some city or watering-place,
where officers desire to do fancy duty, and
where bands like to go.
Therefore I am opposed to the change pro-
posed by the gentleman from New York, [Mr.
I)avis,] and which I am sorry to see that the
chairman of the Committee on "Military Affairs
[Mr. Sciiexck] seems to be willing to accept.
If that change be adopted the very object I had
in view originally in offering the amendment
will be defeated ; it will enable the posts where
smallnumbers of troops are congregated, where
it would be convenient and agreeable to have
bands for the amusement and enjoyment of the
officers stationed there and their lady friends,
to rob the frontier posts where the largest num-
ber of troops are stationed, and where bands
really should be employed.
Mr. DAVIS. Will the gentlemen from Wis-
consin [Mr. Paine] allow me to make a sug-
gestion which I think will meet his views and
mine?
Mr. SCIIENCK.- I will make a suggestion
which I think will harmonize both sides. I
appreciate the reasons as urged upon either
side. On the one hand the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Davis] is afraid that if this
provision in the bill slands a band will have to
be moved whenever the number of troops at a
station where a band may be located happens •
to be diminished below the number of troops
at some other station. On the other hand the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Pajsi:] does
not wish a band kept up when there is only
a nominal force stationed, as at Newport, for
instance, for the benefit of the officers there.
Now, I propose to amend this provision by
inserting the word "ordinarily1' between the
words "be stationed," so that the temporary
change from any cause will not affect the loca-
tion of the bands. That portion of the section
will then read:
That fifteen bands, including the band at the Mili-
tary Academy, may be retained or enlisted in the
Army with such organization as is now provided by
law, to be assigned to brigades in time of war, and in
times of peace to assembled brigades or to forts or
! posts at which the largest number ol troops shall bo
ordinarily stationed.
Mr. PAINE. I am willing to compromise
with the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Davis] on that.
Mr. DAVrS. I will accept that in lieu of
my amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. xn. And be it further enacted. That all enlist-
ments into the Army shall hereafter be for tho teim
ot three years, and but two Jieltl ofticcr> shall bo ap-
pointed to any regiment until bix companies of tho
