1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
from what it was yesterday, more perhaps in
consequence of what was said, by the Senator
from Ohio than any one else. Several Sena-
tors around me thought it was better to obviate
an objection that he presented, that a person
might be guilty of malfeasance in office, and it
woild be very hard if, under such circum-
stances, when he was turned out, and his suc-
cessor appointed, a good man, he could not
be paid until he was confirmed. The Senator
from Ohio suggested that he might die after
discharging the duties of the office for months,
and in that way be entirely without pay. I was
disposed, so long as we could getat the-object
which I had in view, to accommodate the
amendment as far as possible to the wishes of
all, and hence I modified the amendment this
morning. Now, it seems that in endeavoring:
to avoid Charybdis I have run upon Scylla, and
the Senator from Maine says ho cannot go for
it as it is. If it is more acceptable to Senators
•to have it in the fofm in which it stood yester-
day, it is certainly more acceptable to mo in
that form. That was my preference. I changed
it at the suggestion of several Senators.
Mr. JOHNSON. Have the yeas and nays
been called for?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The yeas and
nays have been ordered.
Mr. JOHNSON. We had better vote, then.
Mr. TRUMBULL. There seems to bo a
disposition to pass upon it to-day in the shape
in which we had it yesterday. I ask the Sec-
retary to road the amendment as it was pro-
'posed yesterday.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sec. —. And l>? it farther rnartrd, Thiit. no person
cxercisinc; or performing, or undertaking to exercise
or perform, the duties of any othee which by law is
required to be tilled by tho advice and consent ol'the
Senate, shall before confirmation by (ho Senate ro-
coivo any salary or compensation for bis services,
unless such person be commissioned by the President
to fill up a vaeaney which bus happened hv death,
resignation, or expiration of term during (ho recess
of the Senate, and since its last adjournment.
Mr. JOHNSON. That does not provide for
the case of a removal?
Mr. TRUMBULL. No, sir.
Mr. JOHNSON. ThenifthePresidentshould
find out that an officer is dishonest and remove
him, and appoint a successor on the 5th of
March, at the end of the Congress, that officer
is 'not to get any pay until the next December.
The question is, whether that is right? It may
be a Cabinet officer or a collector of the rev-
enue. I do not think the Senate, when they
come to reflect upon it, will adopt a principle
like that.
Mr. GRIMES. You will get plenty of men
to take'the offices.
Mr. JOHNSON. What sort of men?
Mr. GRIMES. Good men.
Mr. JOHNSON. Men from Iowa,perhaps.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, and from Maryland.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. HENDERSON. IhopelheSenatorwill
withdraw that motion for a moment until I can
make a request of the Senator from Illinois. I
hope that the Senator from Illinois will with-
draw this amendment 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Minnesota withdraw his motion?
Mr. RAMSEY. I do not like to do so. I
am satisfied that the Senate are not prepared
to vote on the question before them.
Mr. HENDERSON. I wish to make one
remark.
Mr. RAMSEY. Will you renew the motion?
Mr. HENDERSON.' Yes, sir.
Mr. RAMSEY. With that understanding
I withdraw the motion.
Mr. HENDERSON. The proposition pre-
sented yesterday by the Senator from Illinois
I like much better than the proposition pre-
sented to-day. The propositi&n as made to-day
admits the power of the President to remove.
I do not admit it.
The Senator from Maryland, in replying to
me a short time ago, alluded to a ease reported
in 18 Howard, in which he stated that the court
•had decided that President Fillmore had a right
to remove a judge of a Territory appointed
under an act of Congress. I sent for,a copy
of the book. I stated ir. my argument that
the case did not contravene the other two eases
relied upon by me; and if he will examine the
case he will findthat although that question was
argued before the court, there was no decision
made on it. I undertake to say that the power
to remove by the President without the con-
sent of the Senate has never been passed upon
favorably by the Supreme Court. I have been
unable to find such a case, and I am satisfied
the case my friend relied upon docs not sup-
port his views, because the court followed the
doctrine that ho regretted had not been fol-
lowed in the other cases; they said that point
was not before them. They merely decided
that the writ of mandamus could not go be-
cause of their want of jurisdiction in the case.
Therefore, the other point was not decided,
and my friend will have to find some other
case in order to sustain his view.
As 1 stated yesterday, I am preparing a bill
on this subject. I think that an act of Con-
gress ought to be passed placing this power in
the hands of somebody, in one of the supreme
judges or in the President, to remove an offi-
cer in the cases alluded to by the honorable
Senator from Maryland. But if the Senator
from Illinois insists upon his proposition, 1
shall vote for it as it now stands, because it
does curtail the power to a certain extent. But
1 think the power of appointment, ought 1o be
denied positively to the President in the vaca-
tion ; that is, the power of removing and then
declaring that a vacancy exists which ho can
fill. So far as 1 am concerned, 1 am disposed
to deny that power absolutely unless it bo
granted in extraordinary cases by act of Con-
gress. Whenever an officer is appointed, and
there is no limitation or duration fixed to tho
extent of his office, and there is no power
expressly given by act of Congress for his
removal, [ deny the power of tho President to
iciuove him. I say the authority is perfectly
abundant on that subject,.
I promised my friend from Minnesota to
renew the motion to go into executive session.
He held me under some obligation to do it, and
docs yet, and I therefore renew tho motion.
Mr. SHERMAN. I simply desire to get tho
sense of tho Senate, and therefore I call for the
yeas and nays on that motion. I have no feel-
ing about it. If the Senate desire to prolong
this matter until to-morrow they can do so ;
but 1 want to close it to-day.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yens '12, nays 1">; as follows:
VKAS—Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Dixon, Doolittle,
Fessenden.Ul imeM/uthric, Ilarris,itenderson,How-
ard. ll'iwe. Johnson, bane of Kansas, Nesraith, Po-
land, ilamscy, Hiddle.Sprague, Sumner, Vail "Winkle,
Wilson, and Yates—21!.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark, Conness, Crasrin,
Tiane of Indiana-, Morgan, Morrill, Nye, Pomcroy,
Sherman. Trumbull, Wade, arid Willej—13.
AUSIjNT—Mes.--i.-*. Brown, li nek alow. Cowan, Crcs-
wclt, Edmunds, Foster, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Mc-
Dougnll, Norton, Salisbury, Stewart, Williams, and
Wright—14.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
So the motion was agreed to ; and the Sen-
ate proceeded to the consideration of executive
business. After some time spoilt in executive
session, the doors were reopened, and the Sen-
ate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 1, 1800.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. BOUTWELL, by unanimous consent,
gave notice that he would propose to amend
tho " bill to provide for the restoration of the
States in insurrection to their full practical
rights," by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting the following:
That whenever the above reeitcd amendment shall
have become part of the Constitution, and Tennessee
or Arkansas shall have ratified the same, and shall
have modified Hs<xm#t1tuti !i«®a laws incoiifonnit-y
therewith, and shall have established an «qfu«t and
just system of sufi'regofor all mate oitiMns within its
jurisdiction, who are not less than-twenty-oas years
ot'aso, tho Senators awl Representatives from SlU'h
State, ifiomu! duly deeded ami qun!ifsi'd,may, after
hnyingr taken the required oaths of office, be admit-
ted i toCoui;rcs.s ussuch: Provided, That nothing in
this section contained shall bo so construed as to re-
quire the disfranchisement of any loyal •porson wh-o
is now entitled to vote.
The proposed amendment was ordered to be
printed.
_ Mr. BINGHAM. I give notice of my inten-
tion to offer an amendment which I scad to the
desk and ask to have printed.
The proposed^ amendment was accordingly
ordered to be printed.
TAX ON CRUDE l'ETItOLETJSI.
Mr. MOORHEAD, from tho Commmittee
of Ways and Moans, asked leave to introduce
a joint resolution to provide for the exemption
of crude petroleum from internal revenue tax
or duty, and for other purposes.
Mr. ROSS. I object.
Mr. MOORHEAD. The Committee of Ways
and Means have unanimously recommended-
this joint resolution.
Mr. ROSS. I am not in favor of the proposi-
tion at all, and a to not willing it should come in.
RESOLUTION OF MASSACHUSETTS.
Mr. DAWES submitted a resolution of the
Commonwealth of Massachusetts on tho state
of the Union and the duties of the Government
to tho freedmen; which was laid on tho table,
and ordered to bo printed.
MARY A. RIPLEY.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Mary A. llipley;
which was road a first and second time, and
referred, with the accompanying documents, to
tho Oommit1.ee on Military Affairs.
Mr. HONS. 1 ask leave to introduce a bill.
Mr. MOORHEAD. 1 object.
Mr. ROSS. I demand tho regular order.
CUSTOM-HOUSE APPROPRIATIONS.
Mr. STEVENS, from tho Committee on
Appropriations, reported hack Senate joint
resolution No. 75, making appropriations for
the expenses of collecting the revenue from
customs.
The joint resolution was read. It appro-
priates $2,100,000 for the expenses of collect-
ing the revenue from customs.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 simply want to say that
the law of J808, precisely ill the words of tliis,
has been acted upon ever since that time,
being the permanent law j and that tho large
increase in the expense of collecting the
revenue, being §300,000 more than it was,
makes this necessary. It is an increase from
$1,800,000 to $2,100,000. It re'enaets the old
law; or, rather, repeals it, aud makes one
precisely like it, with the addition of $300,000
a year, which is found necessary. That is the
whole of the bill.
The joint resolution was ordered to be road
a (bird time; and it was accordingly read tho
third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vole
b,y which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
CHANCE OF REFERENCE.
On motion of Mr. IllGBY, by unanimous
consent,, the Committee on A ppropriations were
discharged from the further consideration of
the memorials of P. E. Saunders, and others,
inspectors of customs in Detroit, Michigan,
asking for increase of pay; also, the memorial
of the Legislature of Minnesota, asking an ap-
propriation for improving the harbors of Lake
Superior; and the same were referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
DESTITUTE PEOPLE IN THE'SOCTII.
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following resolution for reference:
Whereas it is represented, on civil fiiul military
authority and- by official reports to the f reeduiea's
