3274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 19,
regiment shall liavo been organized, and but two
officers for each company shall be appointed until the
minimum number of men has been enlisted and the
regiment duly organized; but recruits may at all
times bo collected at the general rendezvous in addi-
tion to the number required to fill to their minimum
all the regiments and companies of the Army, pro-
vided that such recruits shall not exceed in tho aggre-
gate three thousand men. It shall be competent to
enlist men for the service who have been wounded in
the line of their duty while serving in the Army of
the United States, or who have been disabled by dis-
ease contracted in such service, provided it shall be
found, on uiodical inspection, that by such wounds or
disability they are not unfitted for efficiency in garri-
son or other light duty; and such men when enlisted
shall bo assigned to service exclusively in the regi-
ments of the Veteran Reserve corps.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend this section
by inserting after the words "that all enlist-
ments into the Army shall hereafter be for the
term of three years" the words "except for the
cavalry service, which shall be for the term of
five years." I move that amendment for the
reason that I have already suggested; that is
that from information communicated to me I
am satisfied that the time required to make
good cavalrymen of the men ordinarily enlist-
ing in the Army is more than two years. There-
fore, if the term of enlistment be for only three
years, two of those years are spent in the tui-
tion of the men, and they do duty as efficient
cavalrymen during only one year of their term
of service. Hence, although T yield to the
suggestion of the chairman of the committee,
made during the previous discussion of the
bill, in regard to other arms of the service, it
seems to me that, in respect to cavalry, the
term of enlistment should be for a longer period
than three years. The experience of the recent
war has shown that cavalrymen are of com-
paratively little utility until they have been
trained a long time in the cavalry service. I
hope, therefore, that the amendment will pre-
V<'\ir. SCIIENCK. Mr. Speaker, I do not
desire to go at any length into a discussion of
this .subject, oven if the limitation of live min-
uI ex would allow it. This question of the term
of enlist, in outs in the Army of the United Stales
wsw fully considered when the bill was before
under discussion. The House then sustained
the idea that in this country enlistments for
three years are long enough. To the argument
then advanced in favor of that term of enlist-
ment, there may, however, be added a consid-
eration founded on what the House has done
sineetliat time. TheJIou e has recently passed
a hill providing for the pay of the Army; and
among its provisions for the payment of the
privates is a stipulation that every private shall
receive for each successive year of service an
addition of one dollarper month to his regular
monthly pay j so that he will receive seventeen
dollars per niontli for the second year, eighteen
^dollars the third year; and if he rceulisls,
nineteen dollars the fourth year, twenty dol-
lais the fifth, &c. I hold that this provision
will do moie to induce men when once enlisted
to remain in the service, will have a greater
effect in preventing descrtio^ and making good
and cxpeiionced soldiers of the men, than any
regulation of the term of enlistment, whether
it be fixed at one, five, or ten years.
I will not repeat the argument with refer-
ence to the rapidity with which Americans
learn the art of war and all that relates to mil-
itary life. That lias already been fully dis-
cussed. Americans, as a general rule, live
faster and learn faster than the people of other
countries; and when they serve three years in
the Army they give more out of their lives than
most Europeans do if they serve ten years;
because the Europeans are a slower people.
So far as regards experience in horseman-
ship, the whole difficulty may be obviated by
having the recruiting stations for cavalry in
those parts of the country where men are accus-
tomed to ride in their civil occupations. Let
the recruiting agents for cavalry be stationed
by the War Department in the western States or
in mountainous regions or down in the South ;
in a word, in those sections of the country
where nearly every man is, if not born, at least
brought up to be, almost a centaur, half man
and half horse.- I think that by the exercise
of discretion in this respect on the part of the
War Department, the difficulty suggested by
the gentleman from New York may be alto-
gether obviated.
The amendment of Mr. Davis was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 11. And he it further enacted, That the Pres-
ident of the United States is hereby authorized to
employ in the Territories and Indian country aforoe
of Indians, not to exceed one thousand, to act as
.scout?, who shall receive the pay and allowances of
cavalry soldiers, and be discharged whenever tho ne-
cessity for their further employment is abated, or at
the discretion of the department commander.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 12. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be one general, one lieutenant general, five major
generals, and ten brigadier generals, who shall have
the same pay and emoluments, and be entitled to
the same staff officers in number and grade as now
provided by law.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 13. And be it further enacted, That the adju-
tant general's department of the Army shall hereaf-
ter consist of the officers noAV authorized by law, and
their rank shall be as follows, namely: one adjutant
general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a
brigadier general; four assistant adjutant generals,
with tho rank, pay, and emoluments of colonels; five
assistant adjutant generals, with the rank, pny, and
emoluments of lieutenant colonels; andten assistant
adjutant generals, with tho rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of majors.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows;
Sec.14. And be it further enacted, Thatthere shall be
four inspector generals of the Army, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of colonels; and four assistant
inspector generals, with the rank, pay, and cmolu-
mcntsof heutcnantcolonels, oneofwhomshall bespe-
cially assigned to duty aa inspector of cavalry; and two
assistant inspector generals, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of majors.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sit. 15. Andbe it further enacted, That the Bureau
of Military Justice shall hereafter consist of one judge
advocate general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; and one assistant judge
advocate general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a colonel; and the said judge advocate gen-
cial shall receive, revise, and have recorded the pro-
ceedings of all courts-martial, courts of inquiry, a nd
military commissions, and shall perform such other
duties as have heretofore been performed by the
judge advocate general of tho Army. And of the
judge advocates now in office there may be retained
a number, not exceeding ten, to be sclcctcd by the
Secretary of War, who shall perform their duties
under tho direction of the judge advocate gcncrxl
until otherwise provided by law, or until the Secre-
tary of "War shall decide that their services maybe
dispensed with.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. JG. And be it further enacted, That tho quarter-
master's department of the Army shall hercairer con-
sist of one quartermaster gcneial, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a brigadier general; six quarter-
masters, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of colo-
nel ; ten quartermasters,with tho rank, pay, and emol-
uments ol lieutenant colonels; fifteen quartermasters,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of majors; forty-
four quartermasters, with tho rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of captains; and at least two thirds of all
original vacancies in each of tho grades of lieutenant
colonel and major, and all original vacancies in the
grade of captain shall be filled by selection from
among those persons who have rendered meritorious
service as assistant quartermasters of volunteers in
tho Army of tho United States in the late war. But
after the first appointments made under the provis-
ions of this section, as vacancies may occur in the
grades ot major and captain in this department, no
appointments to fill the same shall be made until the
number of majors shall bo reduced to twelve and the
number of cap tains to thirty, and thereafter the num-
ber of officers tin each of said grades shall continue to
conformto said redaccd numbers. But nothing in
this section shall be construed so a5? to vacate tho
commission of any officer now commissioned, either
as assistant quaitermaster general or as deputy quar-
termaster general, or as assistant quartermaster, but
only to change tho title to quartermaster in the case
of those who rank as colonels, lieutenant colonels,
majors, and captains, without "affecting in any way
their relative position or the time from which they
take such rank.
SCHENCK I move to amend by adding
at the end of the word "colonel,*' in the fifth
line, the letter " s:" so that the clause will read,
"six quartermasters, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of colonels."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 17. And be it further enacted, That the nflmber
of military store-keepers shall hereafter be as many
as shall be required, not exceeding sixteen, who shall
have the rank, pay, and, emoluments of captains.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 18. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of the act for tho better organization of the
quartermaster's department, approved July-1,1804,
shall continue in force so far as they do not become
obsolete unnecessary upon the disbandment of
the volunteer forces.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 19. And be it further enacted, That the subsist-
ence department shall hereafter consist of tho num-
ber of officers now authorized by law, namely; one
commissary general, with the rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of a brigadier general; two assistant commis-
sary generals, with the rank, pay, and emoluments
of' colonels; two commissaries, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of lieutenant colonels ; eight com-
missaries, with tho rank, pay, and emoluments of
majors; and sixteen commissaries, with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of captains. But after the first
appointments made under the provisions of this sec-
tion, as vacancies may occur, reducing the number
of officers in the several grades below that of briga-
dier general of this department, no appointments to
fill tho same shall be made until the number of col-
onels shall be reduced to one, tho number of majors
to eight, and the number of captains to eight. And
thereafter the number of officers in each of said sev-
eral grades shall continue to conform to such reduced
numbers. And hereafter no graduate of the United
States Military Academy, being at the time inthe
Army ot the United States, or having been therein at
any time for throe years next preceding, shalHje eli-
gible to appointment as an officer m the subsistence
department. But this provision shall not extend to
graduates of We.-t Point now in the subsistence de-
partment. But nothing in this section shall be con-
strued so as to vacate the commission of the commis-
sary general of subsistence, but only to change the
title of that officer to commissary general; nor to
vacate the commission of any officer now commis-
sioned as assistant commissary general of subsistence
or commissary of sub&istence, but only to change the
title to commissary in the cases of those who rank as
lieutenant colonels, captains, and majors, without
affecting in any way their relative position or the
time from which they take rank.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows;
Sec. 20. And be it further enacted, That the Provost
General's Bureau shall be continued onlv so long
as, in the judgment of the Secretary of War, may
be ncccs^ary to close up the business thereof, not
exceeding, however, six months from the passage of
tins act.
Mr. SCIIEXCK. The word u marshal" has
been left out after the word u provost," and I
move it be inserted.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. To remove all doubts on
the subject. I move to add the words 11 ofBce
and" after the words "provost marshal gen-
eral's."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 21. And be it further cnacted, That the medical
department of the Army shall hereafter consist of
one surgeon general, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments ol'a brigadier general; one assistant surgeon
general, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a
colonel; one chief medical purveyor and four assist-
ant medical purveyors, with the rank, pay, and emol-
uments of lieutenant colonels, who shall give the
same bonds which are or may be required of assist-
ant paymaster generals of likegrade, and shall, when
not acting as purveyors, be assignable to duty as sur-
geons by tho President; seventy surgeons, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of majors; one hundred
and forty assistant surgeons, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of first lieutenants for the first three
years'service, and with tho rank, pay, and emolu-
ments of captains after three years' service; and
five medical store-keepers, with the same compensa-
tion as is now provided bylaw; and at least two
thirds of the original vacancics in the grades of sur-
geon and assistant surgeon shall be filled by selec-
tion by competitive examination from among the
persons who have served as staff or regimental sur-
geons or assistant surgeons of volunteers in the Army
of the United States two _ years during the late war,
and one third from similar officers of the regular
Army; and persons who have served as assistant
surgeons three years in the volunteer service shall
be eligible for promotion to the grade of captain.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move, in the twenty-
third line, after ''one third" to insert the
words "in the same manner." It is a verbal
amendment, and meets with the approval of
the chairman of the committee. It provides
that they shall be selected by competitive
examination.
Mr. SCHEXCK, I will suggest a difficulty
which may arise under the gentleman's amend-
ment in refeicnce to these officers of the reg-
