290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
governments have been reestablished by the ac-
tion of the people themselves in nearly all the
Slatesin question, which are republican in form,
and clearly entitled to the protection of the
United States under the guarantee clause of the
Constitution.
I deny all power in Congress, or the Pres-
ident, or in both combined, to make a State
constitution, or to dictate any provision -which
shall be contained in it. A constitution must
be wholly made by the people over whom it is
established, and can be made or amended by no
other persons whatever. Thus have been made
the new coilstitutions of the southern States,
and their validity rests immovably upon the
ground that they are thus popular in origin,
while loyal in object and republican in form.
It is true that the proceedings for forming
the new constitutions were initialed by pro-
visional governors appointed by the President
and acting under his direction. But this can-
not affect the validity or merit of the constitu-
tions made. The provisional governors sim-
ply invited the people to act in their sovereign
capacity in reorganizing governments for them-
selves, which was both necessary and proper
under the circumstances which then existed.
There were no local authorities or officers com-
petent, to call conventions, or give them pro-
tection while in session, although a clear ne-
cessity for convening existed, if civil rule was
to supplant military rule in that section of tin;
country. Therefore the provisional governors,
who represented the military power of the Uni-
ted States for the time being, in order to the
withdrawal of that power and to the restora-
tion of valid and loyal State governments, were
authorized to invite the people to select dele-
gates to constitutional conventions in (heir re-
spective States. Those conventions met and
formed constitutions which are unquestionably
good and lawful, not because the making of
lliem was instigated or invited by provisional
governors, but because (as before stated) they
were in fact made by the people over whom they
are established, and made in accord with the
Government of the United States. [ am not
now speaking of the exceptional eases of Lou-
isiana, Virginia, and Arkansas, but of the other
States of the South in which there was no pre-
tense of loyal government at the close of the
war, and where it was necessary, therefore, that
some authority, some ollicial or volunteer asso-
ciation, or person, should initiate their estab-
lishment by setting in lnolion tiie sovereign
popular power which was alone competent to
the work.
There is no soundness in the objection some-
times made that (he southern constitutions, or
some oi them, wore not submitted to a popular
vote for adoption or 1 ejection. The people of
any State may authoii/e delegates, selected by
fhein,' to form a constitution, which shall he
legal to all intents and purposes; and tliepeo-
ple of some of the Slaics of the Union urenow
living under ( ons! tuitions thus made.
1 or instance, fhr Uennsyhnnia, constitntion
of 1700. which yet exists in ao amended form,
was not submitted to a popular vote, hut was
simply proclaimed by the convention which
made it. Tt is very well that new constitutions
should, in ordinary cases, be submitted to a
popular vote: and this is necessary where alaw
under which a convention assembles provides
for such submission. But it is most, absurd
to say. as some have said, that a constitution
cannot take effect and have authority unless
adopted by a popular vote: for it is perfectly
plain and undeniable, that though the people
cannot, stiip themselves of their sovereignty,
tlicy may delegate to a representative body the
exorcise ot sovereign powers. In fact the peo-
ple would no longer besovereign if they should
be stripped of the power of appointing dele-
gates or representatives to act for them in the
making oi a constitution.
In tile case ot Ivansas the true objection was
not simply that thoLecompton constitution had !
not been submitted to a vote of the people. J'n
facta part of it was submitted. The true ob-
jection was that the people of Kansas did not
select the men who made the constitution, and
that-, therefore, it could not be taken as their
•'act and deed," unless they should acceptor
ratify it by a direct vote. But where the peo-
ple do in fact select delegates to a convention,
and confer upon them, expressly or impliedly,
the power or authority to frame a constitution,
the convention may enact a constitution, which
will be valid without any additional sanction or
further proceeding.
But onepoint further connected with the Pres-
ident's plan of restoration (and it is a most im-
portant one) remains to be noticed. It is the
securing of emancipation to the black race in
the South as a result of the war, and as a guar-
antee of future quiet and harmony to the na-
tion. Emancipation, now fully accomplished,
both in law and fact, rests upon the following
foundations:
1. The proclamation of President Lincoln
of January 1, 1803.
2. His subsequent amnesty proclamation, so
far as the same was accepted or acted upon by
individuals in the southern country.
3. The direct action of military force during
the war, in conformity with executive policy,
and, to some extent, under the authority of
laws enacted by Congress.
4. The amnesty proclamation of President
Johnson, of 18u">, and subsequent special par-
dons granted by him; amnesty and pardon be-
ing extended upon conditions which involved
emancipation and furnished securities for car-
rying out the previous policy of the President
and Congress on that subject.
f>. The adoption, by the Legislatures of the
several reorganized Stales, of the proposed
amendment to the Constitution prohibiting sla-
very generally and for all future time within the
United States, ami conferring upon Congress
adequate power to enforce the prohibition.
Upon the last two beads the President speaks
as follows in his annual message:
" In exercising that power [the power of pardonl I
have taken every precaution to conncet it with the
clearest recognition of the binding force of the laws
of tho United States, and an unqualified acknowledg-
ment of the great social change of condition in regard
to slavery which has grown out of the war."
The executive power of amnesty and pardon
was ample to cover and justify what was done.
In other words, it, was competent, for the Presi-
dent to altaeli conditions to pardons granted.
He proceeds in Ins message to say:
"The next step which I have taken to restore the
constitutional relaiions of the State* has been an in-
vitation to them to participate ill the high otlice of
ameudingthedonstituiion." 1 ^ "It
is not too much to ask, in the nameofthe wholopeo-
ple, that,oil t no one side tho plan of restoration shall
nrocei'd in conformity with a willingness to east tho
disorders of tho past into oblivion, and that, on the
other, tile evidence of sincerity in the future main-
t ennnco of the Union shall be put hevond any doubt
by the ratification of the proposed amendment to the
Constitution which provides tor the abolition of sla-
\ eiy forever within the limits of our country.''
This "imitation" to the southern States
has been complied with by them. They have,
I through (heir Lesi-'hifures, adopted the consti-
tutional amendment, and thus made if a part
of the fundamental Ian-of the United States.
I have thus gone over several features of the
President's policy of restoration, so far as the
same relates to the action of his department of
the Government; and however much nice crit-
ics, captions men, or interested agitators may
be disposed to find fault with it and condemn
it,, either in whole or in part, I believe the great
mass of the people of this country will hcartily
approvc and indorse it. In tact, the evidences
of such approval come to us from every quar-
ter; they multiply daily, and cheer and invig-
orate the friends of reunion and of constitu-
tional rule. What, then, remains for Congress
to do to perfect restoration, to carry out" the j
policy which the President has begun? Tn his
annual message the President addresses Con-
gress as follows:
"The amendment to_riie Constitution being adopted,
I it would remain for States whose powers have been
] so Ions; in abeyance to l-esumethoir places in the two
branches of tho national Legislature, and thereby
complete the work of restoration. Here it, is for you,
fellow-citizens of tho Senate, and for yon, fellow-cit-
r/.tixiH ot the House of Representatives, to judge, each
of you, for yourselves, of the elections, returns, and
qualifications of your own membeis."
The meaning of this important, passage cannot
be misunderstood. The language is remarka-
ble and peculiar inform. It is addressed to the
members of each House separately and dis-
tinctly, and suggests to them the performance
of a duty under the provision of the Constitu-
tion which makes the respective Houses judges
of questions relating to membership. This is
apowerto be exercised by each House for itself,
quite independent of and uninfluenced by the
other House.
The duty is judicial in its nature and not
legislative, and one of the gravest character.
And the power is so clear, and its exercise so
necessary to the restoration of the Union, that
the President, as it was proper for him to do,
has in emphatic language called the attention
of Congress to its performance.' And in address-
ing the members of each House, in their sepa-
rate capacity, he has used language suited to
the inculcation of the constitutional duty, and
distinguished it from all those duties which are
to lie performed by the two Houses in their joint
or legislative capacity.
In his communication to the Senate of De-
cember 18, in answer to a resolution of inquiry,
the President further says :
" From all the information in my possession, and
from that which X have recently derived from tho
most reliable authority, I ara induced to cherish tho
belief that sectional animosity is surely and rapidly
merging itself into a spirit of nationality, and that
representation, connected with a properly adjusted
system of taxation, will result in a harmonious resto-
ration of the relations of the States to the national
Government."
We have here, in these extracts, the opinion
of the President upon the question of what
should be done at this juncture by Congress, or
rather by the respective Houses of Congress, in
the work of restoration. The representation of
the southern States is to be restored by appro-
priate action of each House under a clear con-
stitutional power, the exercise of which will be
completely efficacious to the object in view.
Thus the Union can be restored in its integ-
rity, and all questions connected with its res-
toration disposed of forever.
Why, then, should not the Senate and House,
respectively, proceed to consider the questions
of membership which are brought before them,
and decide them upon the same principles of
wisdom, magnanimity, and patriotism, which
have characterized the President's conduct and
policy with reference to the southern Slates?
What good object is to be subserved by keep-
ing open the question of restoration, and delay-
ing to the country the enjoyment, of the fruits
of victory and peace? These questions dp not
concern the people of the South alone. They
are interesting and important to the people of
the whole country. It is desirable, in the judg-
ment of intelligent and patriotic men every-
where throughout the land, that all the relations
between the sections which were interrupted by
the war should be restored at the earliest possible
moment.
Let commerce revive; let trade resume its
ceaseless activity; let social intercourse suc-
ceed to estrangement and division, and let tho
political bonds of union be renewed in all the
strength and brightness of former times.
But there are men who arc dissatisfied with
the prospect of these results. There are men
who decrythe President's policy and pronounce
it a failure. There are men who are not sat-
isfied with complete victory in tho war; with
emancipation secured by constitutional pro-
visions, repudiation of rebel indebtedness, and
complete submission of the southern people to
the laws and jurisdiction of tho Federal Govern-
ment ; and their sincere, generous, and earnest
proffer of allegiance and devotion to it. They
seek to delay reunion, and to impose further
conditions upon the southern people as the price
of conceding it. What those conditions shall
be does not very clearly appear, as scarcely any
two men among the objectors agree entirely in
their definition and statement. But some of
them are sufficiently evident already, and may
be made the topics of immediate discussion.
