2311
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
Bureau, that an alarming condition of destitution
among the white population and freedmen, extend-
ing to absolute want of food, exists in various por-
tions of the South, and especially in Arkansas.
Alabama, and South Carolina, and that without
Government aid thousands may perish by starvation
before the raising of another crop: Therefore,
Resolved, That the select committee on the freed-
men inquire into the expediency of an appropriation
of $100,000 for the immediate relief by rations of food
to those thus destitute, giving preference in such
relief to those who$e personal property and sup-
plies of food have been destroyed by the ravages of
war, to be expended under the direction of theCom-
missioner of Freedmen, Refugees, and Abandoned
Lands; and that the said committee have the right
to report on such subject for consideration in the
House at any time.
Mr. STEVENS. I merely wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Massachusetts the ne-
cessity of this resolution. Yesterday the Com-
mittee on Appropriations reported abill appro-
priating about eleven million dollars for this
very purpose, and that bill is to be considered
to-day in Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
Mr. ELIOT. That appropriation is not for
this purpose.
Mr. STEVENS. It is for the purposes of
the bureau.
Mr. ELIOT. This is rather more extended
than that.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I have not the least
objection.
Mr. ELIOT. This resolution is only for ref-
erence to the committee on freedmen's affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought perhaps the
gentleman was not aware that the Committee
on Appropriations had reported on this subject.
Mr. ELIOT. Oh, yes, I was.
Mr. STEVENS. That is all.
The resolution was referred to the committee
on freedmen's affairs.
pay department of the navy.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask leave to
report back, from the Committee on Naval Af-
fairs, House bill No. 197, to provide forthe better
organization of the pay department of the Navy,
which lias been returned from the Senate with
amendments.^ The committee recommend a
concurrence in the amendments of the Senate.
There was no objection ; and the report was
received, and the amendments of the Senate
were concurred in, as follows:
_ Onpagc 1, liuo seven,nftortheword*'paymasters,"
insert and all passed assistant paymasters authorized
by this act to be appointed who have not heretofore
been appointed and commissioned as assistant pay-
masters, and all assistant, paymasters hereby author-
ized to bo appointed, sliallbe selected from thosewho
havo served as acting assistant paymasters for the
term ot one year, and who were eligible to appoint-
ment to the grade of assistant paymasters when they
were appointed assistant paymasters as aforesaid."
^ On the same page and liny, after the word " sub-
ject, " insert "however.''
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the amendments of
the Senate were concurred in; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider bo laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. MeRUER. Will the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washburxe] yield to me for a
moment ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield for
a moment to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck.]
Mr. ROSS. I demand the regular order of
business.
The SPEAKER. Then the Chair must
arrest all other business but the regular order.
Mr. SCHENCIv. I hope the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] will hear what he is
objecting to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I desire to
offer a resolution to carry into operation the
Provisions of the bill just passed.
j-ho SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ross] demands the regular order of
business.
Mr. ROSS. I desired to offer a resolution
a short time ago and objection was made, and
I must therefore insist on the regular order.
regulation of immigration.
.ute SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the unfinished business of yes-
terday, being the consideration of House bill
No. 481, entitled " An act to amend an act
entitled ' An act to encourage immigration,'
approved July 4,1864, and an act entitled ' An
act to regulate *the carriage of passengers in
steamships and other vessels,' approved March
3, 1865, and for other purposes."
The bill was reported without amendment,
the pending question being upon ordering it to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
was reported from the Committee on Com-
merce, and with the report accompanying it
has been printed for some time, and placed
upon the files of members. It is a pretty broad
bill in its provisions, and I desire members to
examine it closely, as it may be broader than
some members may be willing to agree to. But
the committee believe that in consequence of
the vast immigration to this country at the pres-
ent time, and the character of the vessels in
which these immigrants are brought to this
country, it is important that something should
be done immediately in this matter.
The bill was read in full.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
amend the last clause of the section in relation
to the enforcement of penalties, being section
four of the bill, so that it shall read:
It shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Immi-
gration, before or after suit brought, to compound
any of said penalties, payments, or forfeitures, upon
such terms as ho shall think proper.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WA-S5HBURNE, of Illinois. There is
one section printed in this bill which has been
inserted by mistake—section eight. I move to
strike out the section.
The section was as follows:
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatall fines,pen-
alties, and forfeitures recovered at the port of New
York by virtueof this act, or any act hereby amended,
except for death of passengers on voyage, shall be
paid over to the superintendent of immigration at
that city, to be accounted for by him to the Commis-
sioner of Immigiation, and disposed of by the latter
as now provided by law.
The motion to strike out was agreed te.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If no one
desires to be heard upon the bill I will ask that
the House vote upon it now.
Mr. DARLING. I hope the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Washeukne] will not call the pre-
vious question upon this bill at this time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
desire to call the previous question now if gen-
tlemen desire to discuss the bill. This measure
is no pet of mine; it is for the benefit of the con-
stituents of the gentletaan from New York, [Mr.
Darling.] If he desires to kill the bill, he may
do so.
Mr. DARLING-. I agree with the distin-
guished gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
buiine] as to the importance of this bill, partic-
ularly in relation to the port of New York and
other ports of the Atlantic coast. But I had
the honor, on the 2'Jth of January, of introdu-
cing a bill amending the present passenger law
in regard to the carrying of passengers. That
bill, I understand, has been submitted by the
committee to the Secretary of the Treasury and
has met with his approval. If it is to be re-
ported to the House by the committee, I shall
not object to some alterations being made in it.
Otherwise I should like to have incorporated
in this bill the first section of the bill introduced
by me, which covers pretty much all the defect-
ive points in 1hc present passenger law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
say, in reply to the gentleman from New York.
[Mr. Darling.] that the bill he has introduced
is being considered by the Committee on Com-
merce, and will undoubtedly be reported upon
favorably when that committee is called. There
are some very important provisions in it, but
they would be out of place in this bill. This
bill is in aid-of the Bureau of Immigration, and
is one of very great importance to the city of
New York. I have no particular interest in it
myself; but I am somewhat surprised to see my
friend disposed to embarrass the passage of this
bill. :
Mr. DARLING-. T wish the gentleman from I
Illinois to understand that I have no disposi-
tion or intention to embarrass the action of the
House uj>on this bill; on the contrary, I very
much desire its passage. Section three of this
bill substantially embodies a portion of the
provisions contained in the bill introduced by
me. I only desire to have it understood that
the passage of this bill shall not prejudice the
passage of my own bill when it shall come
before the House.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] if this
bill has been recommended by any competent
authority.
Mr. DARLING-. I have not yet yielded the
floor. I desire to move to insert afjer the
words, "Commissioner of Immigration," at
the close of section four, the words, "with
the approval of the Secretary of State." The
clause will then read:
It shall be lawful for the Commissioner of Immi-
gration, with the approval of the Secretary of State,
before or after suit brought, to compound any of said
penalties, payments, or forfeitures, upon such terms
as he shall think proper.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I thank
the gentleman for his suggestion ; I think the
amendment is a very proper one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend by
striking out in the third section the following
words, beginning al the word "ship" in the
second line:
Owned in whole or in part by a citizen of the
United States or by a citizen of any foreign country,
and.
This phraseology is mere surplusage; for
who but a citizen of the United States or of a
foreign country can own a ship ? I suppose
the gentleman from Illinois will not object to
this amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DARLING. I move to amend by strik-
ing out in the fifth line of the same section the
word " fourteen," and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "twelve," so that the clause will read
as follows :
That in every passenger shin carrying passengers
to or from the United States, all the male passengers
of the age of twelve yenrs and upward, who shall not
occupy berths with their wives, shall bo berthed in
the fore part of the ship, in a compartment divided
off from the space appointed to the other passengers
by a substantial and well-secured bulkhead, without
opening into or communicating with the aforesaid
adjoining space.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to that amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CHANLER. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois to give us some information relative to
the fourteenth section. It strikes me this sec-
tion gives a great latitude of power to the naval
surveyors, and^ may operate injuriously with
regard to immigration. This power may be
exerted in such a way as to interfere improperly
with those engaged in the business of bringing
immigrants to this country.. The gentleman
will oblige me by giving some information in
regard to the history and necessity of this sec-
tion. For the purpose of eliciting an explana-
tion I move to strike ont the fourteenth section.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. 'Ihis is
one of the most vital sections of the bill. If
we strike it out we may as well del'cat (he
whole bill. I could not hear distinctly the
remarks of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Chanlee,] and do not understand pre-
cisely the ground of his objection.
As the law now stands, there are so many
abuses in regard to the space which shall be
occupied by passengeis iu these ships, that it
is found necessary to authorize by law some
specific officer to make the surveys. Hence,
by this bill, it is* made the duty of the naval
surveyors at the various ports to attend to
making the surveys. The want of such action
and such authority has led to the greatest pos-
sible abuses, as the gentleman from New York
must thoroughly understand.
Mr. CHANLER. I am fully aware that some
