vm
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
It appears from this statement that a census
was taken in 1801, when there was a total pop-
ulation in Colorado of 25,329. Of these, the
adult males were 18,233, minors 2,622, and
females 4,484, In all the Territories there is
a larjfe preponderance of adult males, and es-
pecially is that so of Colorado; and although
I am told by my fellow-citizens of Iowa who
are in the habit of going to Montana, some of
them almost monthly, that there has been a
considerable increase of females in that Terri-
tory, yet there is a very large preponderance
of adult males there yet. In 1861, when that
enumeration was made, there was a vote taken
and the correct aggregate vote was 10,580. Out
of a population of 25,329 there were 10,850
voters. In 1862 there was another election.
What was the number of voters then? Eight
thousand two hundred and twqnty-four. Again,
in 18t>4, there was another election.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will only
reckon one half of those who volunteered and
were then in the Army, he will see that it
makes a much larger number.
Mr. GRIMES. I know all about that. The
Senator need not direct my attention to those
volunteers.
Mr. POMEROY. They were then in the
service.
Mr. GRIMES. I know that; and who was
the man that commanded them? A man from
my own town, Colonel Backus. How came he
there? Was he a citizen of Colorado? No;
lie was a citizen of Burlington. Iowa. I could
go on and enumerate thirty or forty more from
my own village not citizens of Colorado. I dis-
sent entirely 1'rom the idea of their being claimed
as citizens of Colorado. They were citizens of
Iowa, although they were known as officers and
men of the lirst Colorado cavalry, 1 believe it
was, or one of the Colorado regiments.
In 1804, the vote of Colorado was 5,769. On
the adoption of the constitution on the 12th of
September, 1864, the total vote was 0,192.
They had at lhat lime a very exciting election.
I was in correspondence with some of Ihc gen-
tlemen who wore interested in that election.
Every effort was made to bring out every pos-
sible voter that could be found within the limits
of the Territory, and I suppose they were all
brought out; and the total vote polled was
(>,102. Now, just, examine and see, if you
please, what relation (1,102 voters bears to the
total population of the State if the same, ratio
•still exists between males and females as ex-
isted in 1801. Why, sir, you have got. a popu-
lation of somewhere in the neighborhood of
from twelve to fifteen thousand, not more.
Then, again, on I he 5th of September, 1805,
there was another exciting election on the ques-
tion of the adoption of a State constitution, and
what was the result then? The total vote was
less than in .1804, and the majority in
favor of the adoption of the State constitution
was only 155. Now it is seriously proposed
here that v,o shall admita State into this Union
which, in an exciting election over the question
whether she shall come in at all or not, when
all the office-seekers who expect to bo Senators
and Representatives and judges and Governors
an; arrayed on one side and are using all their
influence to bring men to the polls, and when
the tax-payers who were conscious that they
are lo be oppressed with the burdens of taxa-
tion if they come into the Union are arrayed on
the other side, can only poll 5,895 votes, and
that a mining State where there is a vast pre-
ponderance of males over females. I confess
that it strikes me as the sublimity of impudence
for the State to come here and ask to be ad-
mitted into the Union and be entitled to the
same power and influence in this body as the
State of Ohio or New York or Pennsylvania.
I only rose to briefly state the reasons why
I shall vote against this proposition. If I vote
to admit Colorado to-day, is there any reason
why I shall not vote to admit Nebraska to-
morrow with 20,000 people ? She has formed a
Stale constitution. Her real estate has been
conveyod to the citizens, so that there is some-
thing of that kind to tax. She has got more
population than Colorado. An enabling act
has also been passed with regard to her. If I
agree to admit these two Territories, is there
any reason why I shall not the day after to-
morrow admit another Territory, which I un-
derstand General Meagher is now organizing,
the Territory of Montana? Let me ask Sen-
ators if they are prepared to let all the political
power and influence of this country be carried
up to these mountains to be wielded by a few
miners and men who are of the most transi-
tory description of population ? I am not pre-
pared to do it. I do not believe that it is the
part of wisdom and statesmanship to do it,
notwithstanding the local interests of my own
State, which might possibly be advanced by
admitting this Territory into the Union and by
admitting the adjacent Territory of Nebraska
also into the Union with 26,000 people.
I should like and would vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Massachusetts with
great pleasure if I thought it would accomplish
any good, but 1 do not understand that it would.
The second sentence of it is in these words:
"And tlic people of the Territory shall, by a major-
ity ol't ho voters, at public meetings to bo convened
by ttio Governor of the Territory, declare their assent
to this fundamental condition."
I confess I do not exactly understand what
the Senator means by " public meetings." We
do not have township meetings in that country
as they have in Massachusetts. This would be
construed, as I understand it, to be a mere
promiscuous assemblage of the people at which
there might be possibly resolutions introduced
pro and con, and a vote taken by a show of
hands. But even if this amendment should be
adopted, and if they should agree to strike out
the word ''white'' from their constitution, still
1 am opposed to the admission of Colorado.
She has not got the people sufficient for the
support of a State government. She ought not
to come in. We ought to go back to the old
rule established and adhered to from the foun-
dation of the Government until a few years ago,
requiring each one of these Territories before
they become a sister in the Union to have the
population requisite to send one member of
Congress to the House of Representatives.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I would not say a word
upon this bill were it not that I feel it due to
myself perhaps lo exclude the conclusion that
1 vote against it for the reason assigned by the
Senator from Massachusetts; 1 speak of his
principal reason. Although 1 should regret to
see a new State adopt a constitution allowing
colored people to vote, yet I would not vote
against, the admission of the State for that rea-
son, much less would 1 vote against admitting
a State for the reason that they denied the right
lo vole to colored people.
I shall vote against this bill for the reason
that a population of 12,000 or 14,000 ought not
to have the voice in the legislation of this coun-
try that the 1,300,000 of the people of Indiana
have. It seems to me to be so apparent as to
require no argument. Indiana, with her pop-
ulation of 1,300,000, has two Senators upon this
floor. It is proposed that 12,000 people in
Colorado shall have two Senators and an equal
voice in the legislation of the country in the
Senate, she having that small population and
Indiana having so largo a population. The
injustice is palpable. It ought not to be so.
At first I thought it possible that the Senate
was bound to some extent, by the enabling act
passed in March, 1864, to vote to admit Colo-
rado : but the facts, I think, free us from any
such obligation. The law passed in March,
1864, provided for the election of delegates to
a convention, the mode of election, the qualifi-
cation of the electors, and the time and place
when and where the delegates should meet and
form a constitution. I understand that that
law was eomDlied with in the election of dele-
gates ; that tlicy met and formed a constitu-
tion ; that it was submitted to the people; and
that, the people rejected it by a majority of
3,152. Now, it is very clear that the power of
the people of the Territory was exhausted, so
far as any power was conferred by that act of
Congress, as soon a s the constitution was formed
by that convention and rejected by the jjeople.
There was no provision in that law for the
holding of a second convention. As soon as
the convention met and formed a constitution
and adjourned, its office was done. I think,
therefore, we are not bound in any way to
admit this proposed State.
It comes here under very peculiar circum-
stances. After the constitution that had been
adopted by the convention had been rejected
by the people, there was no convention held
pursuant to law; the Territorial Legislature did
not authorize the holding of a convention ; but
the chairmen of the political parties in the Ter-
ritory called a convention. They commenced
their address to the people as follows:
44 Whereas the executive committees of the several
parties have been petitioned by a large and respecta-
ble portion of the people to issue^ a call for a terri-
torial convention to take into consideration, first, the
propriety oiforming a State government and making
application for admission into the "Union atthe earli-
est possible moment; and second, if it shall be deemed
expedient, to frame a State constitution for Colo-
rado, provide for its submission to the people, and
if adopted, for the election of State officers and Rep-
resentative in Congress: ther several executive
committees, in deference to this petition and other
expositions of popular sentiment, unite in the fol-
lowing call."
Tho call is signed—
"By order of thcDemocratic central committee:
0. C. POST,
Secretary of the Anti-State Central Committee.
EBON SMITH.
Chairman of the Union Central Committee,
LOUDON 5IULLIN,
Chairman."
That is the call. It does not propose the
election of delegates by the people. It pro-
poses an extraordinary mode of selecting del-
egates, and I presume there was no election
of delegates in the Territory, for the call pro-
vides :
" The people of every clcction precinct in each
county of the Territory, without distinction as to
party, will meet at the place of holding election in
such prccincts, at two o'clock p. m. on Thursday,
the 17th instant, and choose one delegate from each
precinct, and an additional delegate for every addi-
tional fifty votes cast in said prccinct at the last con-
gressional election. *
"The delegates thus elected will meet, atthe county
seat of their respective counties, on Saturday, the
29th instant, at two o'clock p. m„ to appoint dele-
gates to a territorial convention, which shall meet at
some suitable hall in Denver, on Tuesday, August 8,
for the purposes indicated in the above preamble."
It will be observed that this call did not con-
template an election, that there should be can-
didates voted for by the people, but it simply
called such local conventions or assemblages
of the people as were usual in providing for a
political convention. It authorized the people
to assemble without respect to political parties
on the day named at the place of holding the
elections, and they were to select delegates to
a county convention, and that county con-
vention when assembled at the time mentioned
was to select- delegates to the constitutional
convention ; and thus without any vote of the
people in advance for delegates, in this most
irregular and informal manner, delegates were
selected to the constitutional convention.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I will ask the Senator
from Indiana if that has not been done here-
tofore ?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know of. no case in
which it has been done heretofore.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. It was so in the State
of California.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not sufficiently
familiar with the history of California at this
time to say.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. It was done in that
way, and there was a great controversy about it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I know there was a
^reat controversy about the admission of Cali-
fornia, but that was whether California should
be admitted in the absence of the enabling
act. Congress had not provided in advance
for the formation of a State government, and it
was denied at that time that the State ought to
