1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be organized upon merely a popular move-
ment.
Mr. McDOUGALL. It was done under the
direction of General Taylor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am aware of that. It
had its origin in the military government that
existed there.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Prom the executive
military government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My recollection is that
when the military authorities called for the elec-
tion of delegates in California, the delegates
were elected by the people. If the Senator
knows to the contrary of that, he is right.
Mr. McDOUGALL. They were elected by
the people.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator says they
were elected by the people. Then the inter-
ruption was not necessary. In California, I
understand the Senator to say, the delegates
were elected by the ballots of the people ; but
in Colorado there was no election of delegates
to the constitutional convention. Then, in ad-
vance of the holding of the convention, there
was no expression in any legitimate and reg-
ular mode of the will of the people in favor
of forming a State const.itiit.ion. It was formed
by this irregular mode, such a mode as parties
resort to in holding their conventions.
Then, sir, the convention held its session
and formed a constitution. I do not choose to
look into that constitution to say whether it
ought to bo accepted or not, whether it is re-
publican in form or not, whether it is such a
one as I would like or not; for whatever may
be the character of the constitution, under the
circumstances I think the State ought not to be
admitted. When this constitution was submit-
ted to the people it received in its favor 3,03-5
votes, and 2,870 votes were cast against it,
leaving a popular expression of 105 in its favor.
When did a State government ever present it-
self in such a shape as this to the Senate for
admission, only 3,035 men voting for it and
nearly as many voting against it? Nearly as
many of the men of Colorado who voted on
this question said they did not want a State gov-
ernment as said they did want it. Are Senators
right sure to-day that Colorado wishes to eomc
into the Union, whcn*thc vote is so nearly bal-
anced, but a difference of 155? Where is the
expression of the popular opinion of the people
of Colorado in favor of this constitution that
justifies us in admitting a State when 2,870 out
of 5,895 voters say they do not want this con-
stitution ? Ought we to be in hot haste to ad-
mit the State when there was no authority of
law for the convention; when there was no
election; when there was a mere selection of
delegates by county delegates, and when there
was an aggregate vote of only 5,895?
But the Senator from Kansas says that from
this vote we are justified in inferring that there
is a very large population in Colorado. He
says we have' a right to multiply the number
of votes cast by five, assuming that each voter
represents five persons.
Mr. POMEIIOY. Oh, no, I did not.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understood so.
Mr. POMEROY. I simply said that the
number of males in the ordinary States of the
Union would represent that amount of popula-
tion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I supposed the Sena-
tor referred to that as an argument to show that
the population of Colorado was larger than the
vote would seem to indicate. We all know that
in the mining regions the population is com-
posed nearly altogether of adult males. There
are very few minors and very few females.
•According to the census taken in 1861, when
the population of Colorado was evidently about
twice as large as it is now, there were 18,223
adult males, and but 2,0*22 minors, and 4,484
females, not nearly so many minors and females
together as there v.'ere voters.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator will add to
the vote taken year bv year since 18G1, the num-
ber of volunteers who were outside of Colorado
in the service, it will make the vote of each year
equal to that of 1861.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator from Kan-
sas is determined to make a good case on the
soldiers of Colorado who were in the service.
I will leave him with the reply given to that by
the Senator from Iowa. The Senator from
Iowa says he knows nothing about where they
came from.
Mr. POMEROY. It can hardly be supposed
that citizens of a State where they paid boun-
ties would go off to a Territory where they paid
no bounties for the sake of enlisting. I never
heard of such a thing before.
Mr. GRIMES. The State of Iowa furnished
nearly the whole of the second regiment of
Kansas troops without any bounty ;■ I think six
companies.
Mr. POMEROY. Very likely it did furnish
some of the officers to organize one of these
regiments, but I am talking about the men, and
I submit to Senators whether it is supposable
that men would leave a State where they paid
bounties and where they were anxious to fill
their quota in order to avoid a draft, and go
to Colorado to enlist where they paid no boun-
ties and where there was no draft.
Mr. GRIMES. In answer to that, all I have
to say is, that the State of Iowa furnished, with-
out any bounties, I think six companies to the
second Kansas regiment.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not said anything
about the second Kansas regiment.
Mr. GRIMES. If they could furnish as many
men as that for the second Kansas regiment, I
suppose they might furnish a few companies
for Colorado.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not the facts be-
fore me ; but I do not think the people of Iowa
furnished six companies for the second Kansas
regiment, and I should like to know the facts
about it.
Mr. GRIMES. I can only say that? believe
we are credited with them at the War Depart-
ment. I know tlicy were raised in the counties
of Adams, Union, Montgomery, and the south-
western counties of the State of Iowa, and went
into one of the Kansas regiments, I think the
second.
Jlr. POMEROY. The second Kansas was
raised entirely without Iowa, and we got the
entire credit for it at the War Department, t
presume the Senator refers to some other regi-
ment ; I think the sixth.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The second Kansas
regiment was organized by me. I think Iowa
furnished about one hundred and fifty men to it.
Mr. GRIMES. It seems I was mistaken as
to the number of the regiment. The Senator
from Kansas says he raised the second Kansas
regiment, and that Iowa only furnished one
hundred and fifty men to it. The number of
the regiment to which the six companies from
Iowa went lias escaped me at present.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana is entitled to the floor, and
unless he yields it for the purpose, these inter-
ruptions are out of order.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Without reference to
these troops to which the Senator from Kansas
is so constantly referring, how does this case
stand upon the strongest possible showing?
The largest population that the papers show
has, ever been in Colorado was in 1861, and
the census shows that the population then was
25.000. Twenty-five thousand is the largest
population which it is possible for any Senator
10 show lias ever been in Colorado.
Mr. McDO UGA1 Aj. I think it is more.
Mr. HENDRICKS. From any information
before the Senate?
Mr. McDOUGALL. My information is other-
wise.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The information that
we have on those papers, so far as the Senate
have any information on the subject, and the
census, show it to have been 25,329. That is
about one fifth of the number necessary to en-
title the people of a congressional district to a
Representative in the House of Representa-
tives ; one fifth of the number of those who
live in one of the congressional districts of the
States. In Indiana before we have a Repre-
sentative in the House, in Iowa before they
have a Representative in the Houtee,: it mast
appear that there are about 123,000 people 'is.
the district—I think that is about the propor-
tion now—five times as many people as the
census of 1861 shows there jvere in the Terri-
tory of Colorado. Now, is it possible that we
propose to bring into the Union, with all the
political power of a State, a Territory having
a population but one fifth sufficient to entitle
it to a Representative in the House of Rep-
resentatives ? There has been no such case
before. When Oregon was admitted, it was
claimed by her Delegate that she had a popu-
lation of 00,000 or 70,000. When Nevada was
admitted, I understand the vote was about
17,000, more than three times as large a vote
as this in Colorado.
I did not intend to occupy the time of the
Senate upon this question. I only intended
to state the ground on which I oppose this bill.
I agree with the Senator from Iowa in the opin-
ion that it is not for the interest of a new Ter-
ritory to come in as a State before it is suffi-
ciently ripe, before it is grown and acquired
sufficient strength easily to bear the burdens
of a State government. This is a peculiar pop-
ulation in the Territory of Colorado. It is not
such a population as settled in Iowa and Indi-
ana. In Indiana and Iowa, when the people
went there, they took their families with them,
and every man represented perhaps five per-
sons; tlicy settled down there, made farms,
established homes, and became a fixed and
stable people. But m Colorado the main bus-
iness is mining, and there are very few families
there, as the census shows. They are a mi-
gratory people, going wherever the induce-
ments carry tliem, seeking opportunities to
pursue the business of mining. This people
so unstable, so unfixed, and but 25,000 of
them at the largest showing, ask the political
power of one of the great States of this Union.
I should be glad to admit any western State
into the Union, and should vote cheerfully for
it as soon as I thought they were prepared for
it. I desire to see a strength grow up in the
West. Our interests are in that direction. We
hope eventually to see western interests ^ell
supported by these States that ar? at soma
time to be formed among and along the borders
of the mountains; but I shall not vote to admit
a State to the same political power that Indi-
ana possesses, when it does not represent in
point of population a fifth of the population of
one of our congressional districts.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The argument of
the Senator from Indiana is entirely consistent.
He will find that every objection now urged
by him was urged by Butler, Hunter, and Ma-
son, in 1856, to the reception of Kansas, and was
ably answered by the two Senators from Massa-
chusetts now upon the lloor, the Senator from
Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] the Senator from Maine,
[Mr. Fessf.xdex,] and the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Trumbull. ] That was a constitution
got up just as this was, by apolitical party, the
Eree State party of Kansas, and which received
but 4,600 votes. Every argument now urged
by the Senator from Indiana against the ad-
mission of Colorado was urged then against
the admission of Kansas by the gentlemen I
have named, and ably answered by the Sena-
tors to whom I have referred, headed by Mr.
Collamer, of Vermont. I should like to ask
the Senator from Iowa when this "old rule "
of which he speaks prevailed in this country
as to population. Florida was admitted with-
out an enumeration, and ten years after her
admission she had but 14,000 white settlers.
California was admitted without an enumera-
tion. The same objection that was made agamst
Kansas, the same objection that the Senator
now makes against Colorado, was made against
California, on the score of her population, that
there was no enumeration of her inhabitants,
and that there was no enabling act. There _was
110 enabling act, according to my recollection,
for Florida. She was forced into the Union to
stand off with Michigan, according to my rec-
ollection.
