1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4235
and personal attachment. I alluded also to
Rogers, an American artist from the West;
yes, sir, from the West 
Mr. HOWARD. Who was educated in
Michigan.
Mr. SUMNER. And, as the Senator says,
educated in Michigan, who has given to this
Capitol and to his country those bronze doors,
which I did not hesitate to compare with the
immortal work of Ghiberti in the Baptistery
of Florence. These, sir, were the artists to
whom I referred, and such was the spirit in
which I spoke. How, then, can. any Senator
undertake to say that I had praised foreign
artists at the expense of the artists of my own
country? The remark, permit me to say, is
absolutely without foundation.
It is because I would not have the art of my
own country suffer, and because I would have
its honors follow merit, that 1 oppose the largess
you propose. If you really wish to rear a
statue of our martyred President, select one of
the acknowledged sculptors of your own coun-
try. Do not go to a foreigner, and do not go
to the unknown. There are sculptors born
among us and already famous. Take one of
them. There is Powers, an artist of rarest
skill with the chisel; of exquisite finish; per-
haps with less of variety and versatility than
some other artists; perhaps with less of origi-
nality, but having in himself many and peculiar
characteristics as a remarkable artist. Sum-
mon him to the work. He has been tried. In
making a contract with him you know in ad-
vance that you will have a statue not. unworthy
of the appropriation you are about to make, or
of the place where it is to stand.
There also is another sculptor of our coun-
try, whom I should name first of all if I were
called to express freely my unbiased choice;
I mean Story. He is the son of the great ju-
rist, and began life with his father's mantle rest-
ing upon him. His works of jurisprudence are
quoted daily in your courts. He is also a man
of letters. His contributions to literature and
poetry are in your libraries. To these he now
adds unquestioned triumphs as a sculptor. In
the great Exhibition of Europe his Cleopatra
and his Saul have been recognized as equal to
the best of our time, and, in the opinion of
many, as better than the best. He brings to
sculpture not only the genius of an artist, but
scholarship, literature, study, and talent of
every kind. Summon him to the work. Let
his name be associated with the Capitol lay a
statue which I am sure will be an honor to
Our country.
I might mention other sculptors of our coun-
try. My friend who sits beside me, the distin-
guished Senator from New York, [Mr. Mor-
gan,] very properly reminds me of the sculptor
who has done so much honor to his own State.
Palmer has a beautiful genius, which he has
cultivated for many years with sedulous care.
He has experience. The seal of success has
been set upon his works. Let him make your
statue. There is still another artist, whose
home is New York, whom I would not forget;
I refer to Brown, the author of the equestrian
statue of Washington in New York. Of all
the equestrian statues in our country that is
incomparably the best. It need not shrink from
comparison with equestrian statues in the Old
World. The talent that could seat the great
chief so easily in that bronze saddle ought to
find a welcome in this Capitol. There are yet
other sculptors that I might name; hut I con-
fine my enumeration to those who have done
something more than give promise of excel-
lence. And now you turn from all this native
talent, which has done so much and became so
famous, to offer a difficult and honorable duty
to an untried person, whose friends can claim
for her nothing more than the promise of such
excellence in sculpture as is consistent with the
condition of her sex. Sir, I will not say any-
thing more.
Mr. COWAN. I have come to the conclu-
sion to vote for this resolution, and I have also
come to the conclusion that this young lady,
whoever she may be, is unquestionably a per-
son of great genius ; it may not be exactly in
the line of sculpture, but certainly she is in that
of agitation. She is occupying the talents of
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts, the
honorable Senator from Vermont, the honor-
able Senator from Michigan, the honorable
Senators from California, the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon, the honorable Senator from
Illinois, and several others, and has shaken
and agitated this Chamber to its very center.
Certainly it is no ordinary girl that can do
this. [Laughter.]
I shall vote for this resolution, Mr. Presi-
dent, because I understand that this little child
of genius has struggled up amid poverty and
difficulty to this great result through the me-
dium of her statuary. I must confess I do not
know much about statuary myself. Modern
statuary, I think, would be about as well made
by the tailor and the shoemaker, all except
the head, as by anybody else. [Laughter.] An-
cient nude statuary required an cxact knowl-
edge of anatomy and of the human form in the
natural state. How it is proposed to have
this statue of Mr. Lincoln I am not advised.
Whether it is to be draped with a Roman toga,
or with a white jacket and black coat and blue
pantaloons, I do not know. [Laughter.]
Mr. WADE. Perhaps with a cannon ball
in his hand.
Mr. COWAN. Perbapsso. Andlmayhere
remark, in regard to that group which has been
criticised, that I think thatis the largest Colum-
bus and the smallest globe I ever saw in jux-
taposition. [Laughter.] The squaw is a lusty-
looking wench. I do not know whether it is
a good representation of a squaw or not, for I
never saw many of them. In regard to the
other group, I should like to ask my friend
from Massachusetts if he ever saw so large a
slump grow out of the belly of a dog as is there
represented. [Laughter.]
Now, I think this young lady has given evi-
dence of remarkable genius and remarkable
perseverance in the way of her particular call-
ing; and the best evidence this Congress has
of it is the extraordinary excitement which she
creates among the connoisseurs here. I am for
patronizing native genius. I do not want any
more Paradise Losts sold for five guineas. I
do not want the Iliads of Homer to go down
again to posterity without anybody knowing
who made them, and having six or seven cities
competing for the honor of giving birth to the
author. If the statuary of the Capitol is in bad
taste let us improve it; and 1 do not know any
other way than to employ this young lady, who
manifests such extraordinary ability, to try her
hand upon it; and 1 am rather inclined to
think, from the few specimens 1 have seen of
her work, that she will do it. She has not
made a very handsome bust of Mr. Lincoln,
but that was not her fault; it was Mr. Lin-
coln's, because he was not a very handsome
man. [Laughter.] He was a great and good
man; but she could not be expected to make
an Adonis of him; and I am rather inclined to
think, after all, that Lhat is the fault which has
been attributed to her bust of Mr. Lincoln.
My honorable friend from Michigan, in whoso
classic taste I have great confidence, and of
whose classic learning I am assured, says that
it lacks life and spirit. I think I may appeal
to my honorable friend from Illinois [Mr.
Yates] and my friend from California, [Mr.
McDocjgai.l,] who will say that that is the very
height of art in this young female artist in
making these busts, because it was a remarka-
ble fact that, of all the men living who perhaps
had more humor in him than any one else,
Mr. Lincoln was a man of the saddest face on
earth. If it be true that she caught that pecu-
liar expression of the man and put it into the
bust, and his friends recognize that as a char-
acteristic of that particular bust, that is the
highest evidence of her genius.
Therefore, Mr. President, I have come to
the conclusion to vote for this resolution ; and
I do it from the considerations which I have
mentioned; and I think they will justify me in
it. I have the highest respect for the opin-
ions of my friend from Massachusetts [Mr;
Sumner] upon all classical subjects, and par-
ticularly upon those which relate to most of
the fine arts; but in statuary I propose to fol-
low the lead of my honorable friend from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] who I think is infinitely superior.
[Laughter.] I have always done so, and as
it was a good lead I have come to the coficlu-
sion to follow it all the way through.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it due to the Sen-
ator from California [Mr. Conness] that-1
should explain to him the fact that there is no
parallel whatever between the case cited by
him in the joint resolution of last year and the
one nowunder consideration. That is what may
be called an open order. It is not to be a paint-
ing which is to have fidelity to any specific
truth, or to be a representation of any specific
person or thing. We only appeal to the genius
of the artist to produce that of which his genius
is capable and nothing more—an illustration
which is created in his brain representing an
event in history. In this instance we appeal
to fidelity to truth, to an exact representation
of a recent person; and we ask, therefore, for
a work which shall not only be true to art, but
which shall be true to the truth of history and
to the truth of personality in every particular.
No statue of Lincoln ought ever to have a place
in this Capitol that does not represent him as
he was. I do not say that this young lady
cannot form that; that is not the question; but
I do say that the experience and knowledge
and taste of the Senator from California ought
to have taught him not to cite as a precedent
for this resolution and agaiust my amendment,
the fact that at some previous time we have
given an open order to an artist to produce a
purely ideal work. That is all I have to say.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. With the amendment
proposed by the Senator from Vermont, it
seems to me no one ought to object to the
passage of this resolution.
Several Senators. We do not want the
amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I am in favor of the
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. We do not want to send
the resolution back to the House.
Several Senators. No amendment; lotus
vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Senators speak with
surprise of my favoring the amendment. The
amendment is simply this: that when the gen-
ius of this young artist shall have produced tho
model, so that the Secretary of the Interior can
see it, then he can determine whether to go on
and have the statue made or not. That is the
sensible mode of disposing of this matter. I
feel as much interest in this young artist as any
Senator on this floor. I desire to encourage
her. She is a child of Wisconsin, born in the
State of Wisconsin. This amendment gives
her an opportunity to produce the model, and
then in case it is produced to the satisfaction
of the Secretary of tho Interior the order will
be made for tho work. That is the sensible
way of dealing with this question.
Mr. DAVIS. I have not the pleasure of any
acquaintance with this young artist; but I have
seen some specimens of her work, I will say
of her genius. I do not profess to be a con-
noisseur in works of sculpture or any of the
fine arts; but it has been my fortune to see
some of the earlier works of some of the most
celebrated American artists in the line of sculp-
ture, and I think that the specimens which this
young lady has given us evidence about as high
gifts and as much genius in that line as any I
have seen. This young lady has presented her
specimens of art to the observation of the Sen-
ate and of Congress. She has fairly exhibited
to them what she can produce in that line; and
it is for Congress to take her upon trust, after
having seen what she can achieve in this way,
to the extent I think of §5,000 for the_modeI.
I was indisposed at first to vote for this reso-
lution; but I am satisfied from the discussion
that I ought to do it. I am satisfied that sho
has given sufficient evidence as an artist of
high "endowment and genius in this-respect to
