THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
_ Mr. MOORHBAD. He didnot object from
his seat.
' Mr. BROMWELL. I objected from my
seat, but was not heard by the Chair.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman objected
from his seat it is good.
Mr. KUYKEND ALL. I notified the Chair
in time that I would renew the objection after
the explanation.
The SPEAKER. If the getltleman states
that he renewed it that is sufficient.
Mr. RAYMOND. I'_ wish to say that when
the Chair put the question whether there was
objection the last time, I distinctly heard the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Kuykendall]
say "I object, of course." It may not have
reached the Speaker's ear.
The SPEAKER.^ If the gentleman from
Illinois states that himself, that is enough.
Mr. KUYKEND ALL. I objected certainly.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I raise the point of
order that the gentleman from Illinois Was not
in his seat when he objected.
The SPEAKER, the point of order comes
too late. The objection of the gentleman from
Illinois was in time.
Mr. MORRILL. I think the gentleman
would not object if he would hear the bill fairly
explained.
Mr. KUYKEND ALL. I object to any arti-
cle being brought in here and exempted before
the main bill is acted on. I do not know but
that I shall object to exempting this article
even in the main bill, but I certainly object to
talcing a particular article from the main bill
to exempt it before anything else.
Mr. MORRILL. There are peculiar circum-
stances.
The SPEAKER. The bill is not before the
House, objection being made.
urisedmen's bureau appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union for the purpose of considering the
special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Donnelly in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, being bill
of the House No. 545, making appropriations
for the uses of the Bureau of Refugees, Freed-
men, and Abandoned Lands, for the fiscal year
commencing January 1, I860.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with; and the bill was
then read by clauses for amendment, when
no amendments were offered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Doxxelly reported
that tiie Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union had had the Union generally
under consideration, and particularly the spe-
cial order, being bill of the House No. 545,
making appropriations for the uses of the Bu-
reau of Refugees, Freed men, and Abandoned
Lands for the fiscal year commencing January
1, 1866, and had directed him to report the
same back to the House without amendment
\r Lr ,'ecomlnendation that it do pass.
Mr. SiJiTV ENS. I move the previous ques-
tion on the engrossment of the bill.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania a question.
?rP" T * f°r purpose.
Mr. ULAliNL. In line twenty-lour of the
bill I notice an appropriation of $8,000,000
lor sites for school-houses and asylums."
A o\r, I have understood that land in the re-
bellious States has become very cheap by
reason of the suppression of the rebellion, and
if we are going into the building of school-
houses on a scale large enough to require an
appropriation of $3,000,000 for the mere pur-
chase ef sites on which they are to be built, it
seems to me to be a little "steep." I ask the
chairman of the Committee on Appropriations
to explain that.
_ Mr. STEVENS. The report of the Commis-
sioner of this bureau, if thegentleman will turn
to it, sets forth the whole matter. I hope the
gentleman has read it. It shows most urgent
need for this appropriation, because these
school-houses, which have been built in a great
many instances upon abandoned lands, at a
Very great expense even to some of the freed-
men, have nearly all of them, by order of the
President, been restored to the rebel owners;
and now the Department is obliged to go into
the purchase of lands for school-houses for
these poor, willing people, or to have no school-
houses at all. The estimate which has been
made amounts to what we have reported in this
bill. There are now at this time, or there were
at the time the report was made, between a
hundred and a hundred and fifty,thousand
scholars, and there are now over two hundred
thousand, who are all to be turned out unless
this appropriation is made. I think it is the
most wholesome provision that could be made;
and that no like sum of money will be paid out
for a better purpose. They have never had
half the number of school-houses they should
have had for the purpose of accommodating
even the present number of scholars.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I think this claim
in relation to school-houses shculd be trans-
posed ; it is now somewhat imperfect.
Mr. BLAINE. With land at $500 an acre,
an appropriation of$3,000,000 would be eliough
to purchase sites for fifty thousand school-
houses.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the clause
in relation to school-houses and asylums by
inafvrfcinff n,ft.Ar t.hfi xvrvrrl
inserting after the word "sites" the words
"and buildings." It will then read: "For
sites and buildings for school-houses and asy-
lums, $3,000,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That was the very clause
in regard to which I desired to make an inquiry
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens.] We could not hear the conversation of
gentlemen on the other side, and do not know
what that clause was intended to mean. It
seems to be a very large sum for sites for
asylums and school-houses.
Mr. STEVENS. It has been amended so
as to include sites and buildings.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. That makes a very differ-
ent thing of it.
Mr. BANKS. I would inquire what is the
nature of the transportation for which this bill
makes an appropriation of $1,980,000.
Mr. 'STEVENS. I understand that, by the
operations of the Government in restoring the
forfeited and abandoned lands to their former
owners, a great many of these freedmen must
be transported to other places; the Department-
has been driven by the action of the Govern-
ment to transport many of these people to other
places.
Mr. BANKS. It seems to be a very large
sum for transportation alone.
Mr. STEVENS. It is for transporting both
refugees and freedmen. And the amount of
money expended at this moment for refugees
it will be found is more than double the amount
expended for freed men.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if he will not consent to
have this bill go over for a day or two, in order
that it and the report of the Commissioner may
be examined. 1 perceive that it appropriates
$11,500,000 and more,which is certainly a very
large sum, and the bill should be fully under-
stood by the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I had supposed that every
gentleman who felt any interest in this matter
had examined the subject and knew all about
it. The bill is based upon reports of the Com-
missioner made since the 1st of December.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me a word?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. I am inclined to think,
upon looking over this bill, that it.was pre-
pared with reference to another condition of
facts. I was not in our committee when this
bill was'passed upon by them. But my impres-
sion now is that the sums named in the bill are
based upon facts, to a certain extent, that do
not now exist. For example, very many of
the persons for whom transportation was origi-
nally designed, whether refugees or freedmen,
have already been transported to their homes,
or to places where they have found employ-
ment. I say this is my impression. Whether
my impression is correct or not, I think we
ought, as the gentleman from Vermont [Mr.
Morrill] suggests, to take sufficient time to
ascertain whether it is not practicable to cut
down this large amount of appropriation. If
the chairman of the Committee on Appropria-
tions [Mr. Stevens] knows that I am in error,
of course my reason for delay is without foun-
dation. But I think we ought to take a little
time to examine into this bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I know only what the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau,
General Howard, has informed me. Twice
within the last week he has urged me to have
this bill passed, stating that it was impossible
to go on with the operations of that bureau
unless this bill be passed. All the transpor-
tation and all the clothh g which the bureau has
been_supplying is to be paid out of this appro-
priation, and it is the urgency of the case which
induces me again to call the previous question.
Mr. ROSS. I move to lay the bill on the table;
and on that motion I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 21, nays 91, not voting
65; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Chanler,
Coffroth, Dawson, Denison, Eldridge, Knek, Gloss-
brenner, Grider, Aaron Harding, James M, Hum-
phiey, Marshall, Morris, Niblack, Noel], Samuel J.
Randall, Hitter, Ross. Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith,
Strouse, Taylor, Thornton, and Winfield—27. '
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Baxter,
Beaman, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blaine. Blow,
Boutwell.Brandegee.Bromwell, Buekland, Render W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook. Cullom,
Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Deming. Dodge, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eliot, Garfield, Grinnell, Griswold, Abner O.
Harding, Henderson, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell,
Hulburd, Ingersoll. Jenckes, Julian. Kasson.Kcliey,
Kuylsendall, Laflin, George V. Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, MeClurg, McKcc, McRuer, Moor-
head, Morrill, Moulton, Newell. O'Neill. Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perharn, Phelps, Pike. Plant?, Raymond,
Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sehenck, Shella-barger,
Spalding, Stevens, Stilwell, Trowbridge, Upson,
Van Aernam. Burt Van Horn. Ward, Warner, Elihu
B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, James F. Wilson, Stephen Jf.
Wilson, Windbm, and Woodbridge—01.
NOT VOTING—-Messrs. Anderson, Baldwin, Bar-
ker, Broomall, Bundy, Culver, Davis, Delano, Dixon,
Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Famsworth, Farquhar,
| erry, Goodyear, Hale, Harris, Hart, Hayes, Higby.
Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Demas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, James Humphrey,
Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Kerr, Ketcham, Latham,
Wn'-arn Lawrence, Le Blond, Marston. Marvin,
McCuIlough, Mclndoe, Mercur, Miller, Mvers, Nich-
t i' ?T°IIl??'oy'Price' Radford, William H. Randall,
John H. Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Sawyer, Scofteld,
Sloan, Starr, laber, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John
L. Ihomas, Trimble, Robert T. Van Horn, Welker,
Wentworth, Williams, and Wright—65.
So the motion to lay the bill on the table
was not agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, who was absent
during the call of the roll, stated that if pres-
ent he would have voted in the negative.
message from tiie president.
A message in writing from the President of
the United States was received, by Mr. Cooper,
his Private Secretary, who also announced that
the President had approved and signed bills
of the following titles :
_ An act making appropriations to supply defi-
ciencies in the appropriations for the public
printing for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1866; and
An act for the relief of George R. Frank,
late a captain of the thirty-third regiment Wis-
consin volunteer infantry.
frbedmen's bureau appropriation—again.
The question recurred ou seconding the de-
mand for the previous question.
