1356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
Mr. TRUMBULL. To balance off Iowa.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. She was forced in
by the slave power in this body to stand off
with a free State, without any enumeration,
and without an enabling act.
Mr. GRIMES- In the first place, the Sen-
ator will permit me to say that I think he is
most egregiously mistaken in saying it was.ever
objected that California had not the requisite
population for a State. Everybody knows she
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. She had at that time
a population, of about 45,000, and that was not
equal to the ratio required for a Representative.
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. Does the Senator
from Iowa pretend that there was an enumera-
tion of the inhabitants of California prior to her
admission?
Mr. GRIMES. I have not said whether there
was an enumeration or not. I have said that
that objection was not raised to California.
Mr. POMEROY. The first enumeration of
California showed a population of 92,577.
Mr. GRIMES. When was that made?
Mr. POMEROY. Soon after the admission
of the Slate.
Mr. GRIMES. S.tate when it was.
Mr. POMEROY. I have not the exact date;
but it was the first time a census was taken of
the population of the State.
Mr. GRIMES. That was about the popula-
tion of the State at the time she was admitted.
Mr. McDO UGALL. It was about 50,000 at
that time.
Mr. (1 RIMES. In regard to Florida, it was
claimed at that time, and of that Congress was
satisfied, whether corrcctly or incorrectly, that
she had the population that was necessary to
entitle her to admission asa Slate in the Union
under the rule that then prevailed, which was
that there should bo a population within the
State sufficient to entitle it to a member of the
House of Representatives.
Mr. McDOUGALL. If the Senator from
Iowa will allow me a moment, that was never
affirmed by any Representative or person who
spoke on the admission of California.
Mr. GRIMES. Has the Senator examined
th'o debates?
Mr. MeDOITG ALL. I have, intimately.
Mr. GRIMliS. In regard to this other point,
as to the admission of Kansas, had 1 been here
as were the Senators to whom the Senator from
Kansas has alluded, f might have been con-
tent lo vote for the admission of Kansas, be-
cause thereby T would senile the vexed question
of freedom and slavery in the Territory of Kan-
sas. Whatever might have been the objections
that, might arise in consequence of the small-
Bess of her population, for the sake of getting
rid of that question that- was then agitating l,ho
halls of Congress and the people of the coun-
try, I might have voted as they did. Butthcre
is no such agitation hero, and there is no such
reason, therefore, why wo should vote for the
admission of Colorado as doubtless influenced
the minds of those gentlemen who voted for
the admission of Kansas at that time.
Mr. LAN'E, of Kansas. Did not the Sena-
tor from Iowa vote for the enabling act for
Colorado ?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir, I did not. -
Mr. LAN'E, "of Kansas. My recollection is
that the enabling act for Colorado passed
almost unanimously.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The yeas and nays
were not taken upon it-
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Then, of course,
the Senator from Iowa must be counted as
having voted for the enabling act. If he did
not oppose it with sufficient zeal to call for the
yeas and nays upon it, he must have voted forit.
Mr. GRIMES. The chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories will bear me witness, I
think, that I have opposed all these enabling
acts. I have always told him and told every-
body around me, that I thought nothing could
be more deleterious to the interests of these
Territories, and nothing more jeopardize the
interests of the country than to hold out the
idea that these Territories could be admitted
as independent States into this Union, having
the power of the largest States in this-body,
with a population of twenty or thirty thousand.
Whether the yeas and nays were called on this
enabling act or not, I cannot say; but I know
I protested against the adoption of the propo-
sition.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Would the Sen-
ator have voted for the admission of Kansas
with 4,600 voters, with the knowledge that
that constitution not only confined suffrage
to the whites, but actually excluded blacks
from the State? The same day that the people
of Kansas voted for the constitution confining
suffrage to the whites, they voted, by a vote of
4,000 to 400, to exclude blacks from the State;
and the Senator from Massachusetts and the
Senators to whom I have referred, and every
Republican in both branches of Congress, in-
dorsed that constitution, and the Republican
party throughout the Union indorsed it.
Mr. GRIMES. Does the Senator want an
answer ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRIMES. I am willing to be catechised.
I was not in Congress at that time, but if Ihad
been here it is very likely I should have voted
for its adoption for the reason that I have as-
signed, namely, to got the question out of the
halls^of Congress, to have the conflict that was
then "going on in Kansas and throughout the
country and in Congress settled; but any vote
thatl might have given on the subject of the
admission of Kansas 1 would not have regarded,
and when I gave it I would have so declared,
as a precedent for the government of my con-
duct respecting any other State. The reasons
that existed with regard to Kansas do not exist
in the remotest degree in regard to this Terri-
tory.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Iowa, if I understood him aright, expressedthe
opinion that the State government upon the
people of Iowa had been terrifically prejudicial
to their interests with a population of one hun-
dred and thirty thousand. When Kansas be-
came a State she had from sixty to seventy
thousand inhabitants to bear the burdens of a
State government.
Mr. POMEROY. Ono hundred and six
thousand.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Not when we were
admitted. We gave fourteen thousand votes.
We had from sixty to seventy thousand people,
and there never has been an hour since that
the people of Kansas have not felt that that
State government was a blessing to them.
Mr. POMEROY. If my colleague will allow
ine to correct him in this regard, we were ad-
mitted into the Union in Ecbruarv, 1861, and
the census of I860 shows we had then a pop-
ulation of one hundred and six thousand.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. At those elections
we gave about fourteen thousand votes, but al-
lowing that we had a population of one hun-
dred and six thousand, that is twenty-four
thousand less than the State of Iowa had when
her Stale government was so prejudicial to her
people, according to the statement of the Sen-
ator from Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. Kansas has been somewhat
differently situated from Iowa. In the, first
place, the whole treasury of the Indian Bureau
has been poured out into the lap of Kansas.
Perhaps the Senator has some knowledge on
that subject. In the next place 
Mr. POMEROY. I never saw anything of
the Indian Bureau in Kansas that Iowa had not.
Mr. GRIMES. What 1 mean to say is this:
they have tribes of Indians settled all through
Kansas, to whom very large payments of money
have been made from year to year, which goes
into the circulation and business of the State,
and therefore furnishes prosperity to the peo-
ple of the Slate. I mean to say further that no
State in the Union, I think, has been able to
secure such immense grants of land from the
Government to the State and to individuals,
thereby benefiting the State and the citizens of
the State, as the State of Kansas, vastly more
than the Stat© of Iowa.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Always excepting
the State of Iowa.
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I venture to say—
and the Senator from Iowa will concede it—
that Kansas had within her borders the most
destitute people within this Union.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. From 1855 till last
spring they have been engaged in war. They
have been robbed during this war. They have
suffered the loss of $100,000 where Iowa has
suffered the loss of one dollar. They were
plundered by border ruffians in 1855,1856, and
1857, and by the rebels during this war.
I desire to say that I shall vote for the State
organization of Colorado, because her people
have signified their willingness to bear the bur-
dens of a State government. That is all the
question we have a right to ask, and it is all
the question wc have ever asked: are the peo-
ple asking for a State government ready and
willing to take upon themselves the burden of
a State government? • No rule as to popula-
tion has governed the reception of new States.
Colorado has to-day more white inhabitants
within her borders than Florida had when she
was admitted. To-day, Colorado has almost
as many souls within her border as Kansas had
when every Republican in both branches of
Congress voted for her reception.
Mr. President, we are building a world's
thoroughfare across this continent. That
thoroughfare in its construction and after it is
constructed must be protected. The best and
cheapest way to protcct those engaged in the
construction of that road, and to protect it after
its construction, is by having a cordon of States
to protect it. It is for that reason, as well as
the reasons that induced me to ask for the re-
ception of Kansas, that I shall vote for the
reception of Colorado. I will cheerfully vote
for the reception of Nebraska: I will heartily
vote for the reception of New Mexico ; and the
only question I will ask will be, are you willing
to relieve "the General Government from the
expense of a territorial government? Are you
willing to take upon yourselves the expense and
burden of a State government? I desire to say
to the Senator from I<^va, that while wo have
Indians within our borders that most of the
agents come from the State, he has the honor to
represent, and if there are any stealings in that
direction, they may be charged to the State of
Iowa.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I was on the
committee that_ reported this bill, and I re-
marked at the time I reported it that I felt it
to be my duty to vote against it, and therefore
I am not bound, I suppose, by what the com-
mittee did on that subject. It was with exceed-
ing reluctance that 1 i'elt myself compelled to
oppose the admission of this State. I had no
objection to the gentlemen whom they have
sent here to represent them; but for many rea-
sons which have been given, much better than
I should be able to give them, I felt it to be
my duty to go against the admission of the
State.
I ought to say, in justice to the committee
that passed this enabling act two years ago,
that the proof before us then convinced us that
some very rich mines had lately been discov-
ered in Colorado ; that there was great excite-
ment all over the country on the subject, and
that people were Docking in there from all parts
of the United States as they did in California
when the precious metals were first discovered
there ; and we were assured by those who ought
to know, that by the time we should get this
State into the Union there would be the usual
number of people there that Territories had
ordinarily at the time of their admission; for
as iar as I know we have not been very partic-
ular as to the exact number of people that
should be sufficient to constitute a State. The
old rule was, (and it was a very good and intel-
ligible one,) that there ought to be about "as
many as would furnish a Representative, what-
ever the ratio of apportionment should be at
the time. That is a kind of gauge, but then
