3276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
those who have served in the volunteer army
of the United States there cannot be found
meritorious or well-qualified men to fill these
positions.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Indiana
[Mr. Farquhar] misunderstands my position.
I oppose this proposition on the ground of its
injustice toward those who are now holding
these offices, and who will be removed,under
the operation of this amendment.
Mr. FARQUIIAR. I stand corrected. The
gentleman objects to the adoption of this
amendment because it will remove from posi-
tion meritorious officers, but officers who liave
not served in the Army during the war for the
suppression of the rebellion. I favor the prop-
osition because it proposes to ask these gentle-
men holding these places to step aside and give
place lo men who have given their time and
their services in the suppression of the rebel-
lion. I hold that of all these positions there
is not one now held by a gentleman in civil life
that cannot be as well filled by a man who has
lost an arm or_a leg in defense of the country.
Now, sir, this amendment proposes only to
displace two thirds of the men now holding
these positions. It proposes to leave^n office
one third of the present appointees, because it
is presumed that some of these arsenals, such
as that at .Springfield and others that might
be named, require the services of experienced
officers who have been in the employ of the
Government in this capacity for years. Such
positions do not number more than one third
of the whole. The remaining two thirds are to
be filled, according to the amendment, by the
gallant soldiers who have fought for the Re-
public. I am in favor of filling all these im-
portant places with meritorious and qualified
soldiers. 1 have had the pleasure myself, within
the last few days, of declining a renomiiiatiou
as a candidate for Congress. I have stepped
aside to give place to a gallant and worthy
officer who has served his country with honor.
Mr. Speaker, I trust that the House will
adopt this proposition.
J\lr. DAVIS. I rise, sir, to oppose the
amendment to the amendment. Mr. Speaker,
I believe that the pending proposition is char-
acterized by great injustice. Who are these
men who have served in these departments?
When did they go there? Sir, they have held
these positions lor years. They have made the
duties of I hose positions the business of their
lives ; and considering the age at which many
of them have now arrived, I submit that a gen-
erous or a just Government will not turn them
adiif'tupon the woi Id without employment, and
in some cases probably without means of sup-
port. _ I hope that no proposition involving
such injustice will receive the approval of this
House.
Mr. Farquiiar's amendment to the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The question recurring on the amendment
of Mr. Paink, as amended,
Mr. DAVIS called for a vote by division,
and there were—ayes twenty-six.
Mr. DAVIS. The gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Soiiexck] consents that this amendment
shall be reserved to be voted on to-morrow;
and with (hut understanding I withdraw the
call for a division.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
this amendment will be reserved to lie voted
on hereafter.
There was no objection.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 26. And be it further enacted. That there shaU
be one chief signal officer of the Army, who shall
have the lank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel.
And the secretary of War shall have power to detail
from, the Army six officer;?, and not to exceed one
hundred non-commispioned officers and privates to
be taken from the battalion of engineers for the
performance of signal duty: Provided, That no offi-
cer or enlisted man shall he detailed to serve in the
feignal corps until he shall have been oxamined and
approved by a military board to bo convened by the
Secretary of War lor that purpose,* and enlisted men,
while so detailed, shall, when deemed iicce&&aiy, be
mounted upon horses provided by the Government.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted, That in all the
staff corps promotions may hereafter be made with-
out regard to seniority in tlie date of appointments
or commissions, and the same rule of promotion by
merit alone shall apply to all officers of the lino above
the grade of captain.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
by adding at the end of the section just read
the following:
'Provided, That in applying the rule of promotion,
no distinction shall bo made between officers of regi-
ments composed of colored men and those composed
of white men, but the promotions shall be by inter-
change equally open to all said officers.
Mr. LE BLOND. I should be glad to have
the House adjourn now as this will give rise to
debate and we shall not be able to dispose of
it this afternoon.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will detain the
House but a moment. My object in offering
the amendment is to make the Army a unit by
providing for an interchange of promotion of
officers from colored regiments to white regi-
ments and from white regiments to colored
regiments, it is to prevent the growing up
of different castes in the Army of the United
States, so that all officers may have an oppor-
tunity in this interchange of promotion of be-
longing to white regiments or to colored regi-
ments. I think it would bo unfortunate if we
should have an army composed in part of white
troops and in part of colored troops, with a
prohibition of all interchange of promotion on
the part of the officers from one to the other.
I have no doubt it was the intention of the
committee that such interchange should take
place, and I presume such is the fair construc-
tion, but I am not willing to leave the subject
to the construction of those who shall have the
control of the execution of this bill when it
becomes a law. I desire to provide distinctly
that the Army shall be a unit, and that officers
may bo promoted from colored troops to white
troops atul from white troops to colored troops.
I wish to break down all feeling of caste and
class which will continue in the Army and grow
stronger day by day and year by year unless
this bo done. It seems to me officers, whether
they command white troops or black troops,
being white officers, should bo upon an equal
fooling.
Mr. LE BLOND moved that the House do
now adjourn.
constitutional amendment.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,,
laid before the House a letter from the Clerk
of the House in reference to the constitutional
amendment; which was laid upon the table
and ordered to be printed. *
sale 01' gold.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, also
laid before the House a communication from
the Secretary of the Treasury in reply to a
resolution of the House in regard lo gold sold
since February 1, 18(56, by whom sold, &c.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I offer the follow-
ing resolution:
Resolved, That the communication of tlie Secre-
tary oi the Treasury, just announced to the House,
be referred to the Committee on Banking and Cur-
rency, with instructions to inquire fully into all the
facts and statements therein contained; and that the
committee also inquire whether any gold has been
purchased for the 'treasury since the 1st day of Jan-
uary, 18(>5, the amount of such purchase, by whom
and of whom made, the amount of premium paid,
the compensation allowed the person acting for the
(-rovernment: also that the eommittoo report the
dates and amounts of tlie several sales of gold made
since the 1st day of January, 186t>, the names of the
purohascrs, the amounts purchased by each, the
time of purchase, and all the circumstanecs attending
such purchasers and amount paid the agent of the
treasury ; that the committee have power to send
lor persons ana papers, and shall report the results
of the inquiry hereby directed to the House with
such recommendations as nury bo deemed proper for
the interests of the Government.
The SPEAKER stated, as the communica-
tion promised to give rise to debate, he would
withdraw it for the present.
The motion of Mr. Le Blond was then agreed
to; and thereupon (at four o'clock and five
minutes p. m.) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. CONKLING: The petition of William Ba-
ker, of Utioa, New York, asking the extension of a
patent.
By Mr. HULBURD: The petition of sundry citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, asking an increase of duty oil
flax, See.
By Mr. SMITH: The petition of Hale & Rust, of
Covington, Kentucky, asking suspension of time in.
which to pay tax on manufactured tobacco.
By Mr. TllIMBLE: The petitions of II. W. Thorn-
brough, II. E. Bailey, William Burgess, H. F. Riley,
Jabez G-ifi'ord, S. S. Brown, and Josiah Graves, pray-
ing to be paid their bounty and wages as soldiers of
the United States.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 20, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. IT. Gray.
On motion of Mr. TRUMBULL, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Journal
of yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. HARRIS presented four petitions of
citizens of New York, praying for the repeal
or modification of the law imposing a tax of
ten per cent, on the circulation of State banks
after the 1st of July next; which were ordered
to lie on the table.
He also presented a memorial of C. P. Wil-
liams, of Albany, New York, remonstrating
against the repeal or modification of the law
imposing a tax of ten per cent, on the circu-
lation oT State banks after the 1st of July next;
which was ordered to lie on the table.
Mr. KIRKWOOD presented the petition of
J. W. Turner, a captain in the Veteran Re-
serve corps, praying for remuneration for ex-
penses incurred by him for traveling and sub-
sistence from Young's Point, Louisiana, to his
home in Iowa ; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. MORRILL. I present five petitions
from many persons resident in the District of
Columbia setting forth that they believe it is
prejudicial to the interests of the United States
as well as to the people of the District of Co-
lumbia, to continue longer the municipalities
of Washington and Georgetown, and have dis-
tinct and cften conflicting laws to govern them,
and that taxes are far greater, with less improve-
ments, than would be the case if the charters
were abolished, and therefore they, tax-pay-
ers of said eitics, who pay the amounts set
opposite their respective names, do ask that
both the charters of Washington and George-
town^ abolished and that the Congress of
the United States become the only law-making
flower within this District, and that a law be at
once passed placing them in that position.
That subject has been acted upon by the com-
mittee, and I move that these petitions lie on
the table.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr.. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred sundry .peti-
tions and memorials praying for various amend-
ments to the Constitution of the United States,
have instructed me to report them back and
ask to be discharged from their further con-
sideration, as they relate to amendments which
have already been acted on by the two Houses.
, The report was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary to report back to
the Senate a joint resolution (S. R. No. 1) pro-
posing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States ; a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 5) submitting to the Legislatures of the
several States a proposition to amend the Con-
stitution of the United States ; a joint, resolu-
tion (S. R. No. 8) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; a
joint resolution (S. R. No. 9) proposing an
amendment to the Constitution of the United
States, for the protection of the national debt,
and the rejection 'of any rebel debt; a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 10) proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States;
