T3p3 CONCESSIONAL p-W
January 18,
not be upheld,% the intelligence of the coun-
try eta', by*its;aid, riot" in place and wield the
scepter of public power.
With all the justice, patriotism, and magna-
mmity "which we may claim for the States now
represented upon this floor, how few of thein
have beeomeeonvinced of the propriety of con-
ferring the right of suffrage upon the few and
comparatively intelligent negroes to be found
within their borders? If the experiment under
such favorable circumstances becomes of doubt-
ful-propriety with our own States, where is the
justice or propriety of our forcing it upon other
States, where the African has not had time to
eoiftmence his recovery from the debasing ef-
fects of-t&c most degraded servitude?
The " propriety of universal suffrage among
otir own race has long beerva debatable ques;
tton among the warmer friends of republican
institutions, and while it is difficult to fix any
boundaries for the intelligence which shall au-
thorize its exercise, it is conceded by all that
there is danger in conferring it upon those who
are ignorant of our Government and institu-
tions. Examples arB not wanting of the re-
strictions which have been imposed by States
against its universality. The Indian, with all his
native sagacity and the noble attributes awarded
to Mm by Utopian writers, has been almost uni-
versally denied its exercise. In times of polit-
ical excitement parties have been enabled to
fQist amendments upon State constitutions
which excluded white persons of foreign birth
whose political sentiments were not in unison
with the progressive and transcendental theo-
ries of intolerant majorities.
But, air, admitting, for argument's sake, the
propriety of conferring the right of suffrage
indiscriminately upon everything that walks
upright upon two feet, what right has Congress
to meddle witli this question within the States
of the Union? By an appeal to arms you have
reduced the citixeus of the southern Stales to
a condition of obedience to the Constitution and
laws of the United States. You and I denied
their pretended assumption of the right to take
their States out of the Union. " They appealed
to arms as the last resort lo enforce" their pre-
tended rights of secession. Y\'e met them openly
and squarely upon that issue, and wrung from
them a verdict, at. the cost of hundreds of thou-
sands of lives and thousands of millions of dol-
lars. In this verdict they now acquiesce; and
are we, in the moment of victory, to bo guilty
of the folly of turning around and conceding
all their claims by admitting that they are 110
longer States of the Union, bound to observe
its Constitution and yield obedience to its laws,
and reciprocally entitled to its protection and
rights? Such action would be a surrender to
the rebels, by legislation, of more than lliey have
been able to wring from us by arms, and would
be a prnotical ratilication of their secession ordi-
nances, and a dissolution of the Union by act
of Congress.
Why should wo involve ourselves in the para-
doxical absunliiy of denying the right of seces-
sion, of lighting them for four years to enforce
that denial, and when they admit their failure
by the last arbitrament, turn round and admit,
that they have accomplished their purpose, and
are to-day outside the Union? The rebellion
having been a failure on the part of those who
inaugurated it,, it would scein the height, of folly
*on the part of those who resisted it so success-
fully to dignity it with all the consequences
of a success. If, as I believe, they have not
achieved the object for which they began the
war, and their insurrection has been suppressed,
it would seem that nothing has occurred to
change their political relations to the Union,
and they must be still States composing its in-
tegral parts. Every department of this Gov-
ernment has so reeogtiized them in some form
or other, and I take it that they aro as much
States in the Union to-day as though their citi-
Z&1 is had never committed treason against it.
Tin} crime of treason can only be committed j
by individuals, and whether thev are pardoned j
or punished for the offense cannot affect the )
condition of the body-politic of which they may
happen t'o be members.
It is a well-known fact that in many of those
States a minority of the people assumed to sever
the connection of the State with'the Union, and
that the majority were forced to succumb in
some instances to dc facto governments forced
upon them by a minority of their own citizens,
aided by rebel forces drawn from other revolted
States. In this view of the facts, if we are to
admit that States thus situated have been taken
out of the Union, it becomes an interesting
question to know exactly how small a minority,
aided by troops from other States, maybe able,
under the influence of s&eh auxiliaries, to effect
a legal consummation of the proposed act. It
might also be the subject of inquiry to know to
what extent the loyal and non- seceding major-
ity were bound by such acts under duress. It
is said that troops from neighboring States sur-
rounded the convention at Little Kock, in Ar-
kansas, and by threats and intimidation forced
members elected as Union men to vote for the
ordinance of secession. If Lee, in one of his
advances into Pennsylvania, had, by the same
means, effected the same results with a Legis-
lature or convention at Ilarrisburg, and subse-
quently the people in Pennsylvania, or a ma-
jority of them, had been conscripted and placed
in the rebel army; after the invaders had been
driven from the State as they have been from
the southern Slates, would any man claim that
Pennsylvania was no longer a State of this
Union ; and that, in consequence of her soil be-
ing invaded and her people overcome by rebel
hordes, that, her relation to the Union was
changed, and that in consequence of these re-
sults her altered relations to the Union were
such as to authorize Congress to interfere in her
internal policy, or alter her suffrage laws? If
it is claimed that such a secession from the
Union, under such circumstances, was null and
void, and ought not to alter the relations of
Pennsylvania toward the Union, I answer that
all acts of secession are equally null and void,
and cannot change the relations which a State
bears toward the Federal Constitution.
The ridiculous and absurd acts of the pre-
tended and fugitive Legislatures of Kentucky
and Missouri, by which those bodies pretended
to sever the relations of their respective States
with the Federal Union, were as valid as the
similar attempts at the same, thins by the con-
ventions of Soulh Carolina and Mississippi. If
they were not, and if Missouri and Kentucky
are not to-day as effectually out of the Union
as any other States, 1 should like to have some
easuisl.upon the question of legal and constitu-
tional secession explain the reason why. Yet
no one seems to question the right, of Missouri
or Kentucky to bo represented here, and 1 sup-
pose that their cases are exceptional because
they did not legally secede.
Well, sir, if those States did not legally se-
cede, would it not be well to inquire into the
legality of the similar attempts upon the part of
other Slates, and if it should turn out (hat none
of them have seceded legally, the natural infer-
ence would be that none of them could legally
be denied that representation upon this floor
and that immunity from Federal interference in
their internal affairs which the Constitution of
the United Stales awards to them.
Mr. President, I have been astonished, when
I have read the-speeches of men who are sup-
posed to be endowed with common sense, to ob-
serve the subterfuges and expedients to which
they have rcsorted^to prove by specious and
silly arguments that the southern States have
actually seceded and dissolved this Union. The
advocates of the finality of secession, in their at-
tempts to prove that it has been consummated,
notwithstanding its unconstitutionality, com-
placently adduce what they suppose a parallel
in the case of murder, and suppose that they are
demolishing all arguments against their theory,
by complacently, and with apparent triumph,
asserting that the laws prohibit murder, there-
fore muider cannot be eommilted. I pity the
statesman or lawyer who is driven to such" sul>
terfuges of the pettifogger to sustain so trans-
parent a fallacy. Murder, like other crimes, is
punished by a local law, and its perpetration
is constantly occurring and being punished.
The restriction finds aplace in our great funda-
mental law which declares that—
" This Constitution, andthelaws of tlie United States
which shall be made in pursuance thereof, and all
treaties made, or which shall be made, under the au-
thority of the UnitedStates, shall be the suprcniclaw
of the land; and the judges in every State shall be
bound thereby, anything in the constitution or laws of
atfy State to the contrary notwithstanding."
This is an assertion of the supremacy of the
Constitution, and when its violation is attempted
the courts liave never admitted the success of
such attempts, buth&veinvarjably stamped'them
as nullities, and void, because of their legal im-
possibility. I should hope that there are but few
men in our country who are unable to compre-
hend the distinction between a criminal statute
and a great constitutional restriction.
It is urged as an objection against the rec-
ognition of those States that their Legislatures
might not be in unison with, some other States.
The same objection might be urged against the
internal policy of any of the other States of this
Union, and only furnishes an argument in favor
of the obliteration of all States, leaving' the le-
gislation of what is now called the United States
to be consummated by a great centralized Gov-
ernment established here at the national cap-
ital. I have never boon an advocate of State
rights except when they were exercised in sub-
ordination to that paramount law known as the
Constitution of the United States. I know that
the States lately in rebellion are not the only-
ones which have at times attempted to assert
such right in derogation of the Constitution.
We have bad some late and costly experience
in the way of ultra State-rights doctrine. Let us
avoid the other extreme, and escape the evils
likely to result from an attempted consolidation
of all the rights of the Stales in a centralized
Government.
While the southern people were engaged in
aimed hostility to the Government andtlieCon-
stitution, no one was more anxious than myself
to see their spurious government overthrown,
and their military power broken, in order that
the Constitution and laws of the United States
might reassert their sway. To accomplish these
ends I urged the adoption of a vigorous con-
scription law, with an abolition of exemption
and commutation clauses, which, if adopted,
would have crushed the military power of the
South at an early period. I desired to infuse
a vigor into the war which met with the stern
reprobation of extreme partisans of all classes
upon this floor. Now that our armies have
been triumphant everywhere, and the people of
those States lately in revolt, are suing for mercy
and pardon, it is not in my nature to inflict hu-
miliating outrages upon them, or to demand
that they should be reduced to an equality with
their late slaves.
It is but natural, when we contemplate the
enormity of the crime committed by those peo-
ple in their mad attempt to destroy such a Gov-
ernment as ours, and which the most of their
leaders were sworn to support, that we should
desire to inflict, upon them such punishments as
are demanded by broken laws and a violated
Constitution; and I do not pretend to say that
the groat leaders in those ierrible crimes which
have plunged the country into mourning and
involved us in a debt, of gigantic proportions
should escape at least, some of the legal conse-
quences of their own deliberate acts. Yet we
should, as far as the mass of the people are con-
cerned, extend to them that, godlike attribute
of mercy, and remember that Christianity, com-
bined with modern civilization, has long since
exploded the idea that the wholesale shedding
of bloodisa panaceaforcrimes against the State.
Let us not leave a record behind us parallel to
the state trials of England and the reign of
terror in France,when il was supposed that the'
most terrible punishm eat s worked the most, salu-
tary reforms. James 11, with a facetious bru-
tality, characterized the wholesale slaughter
