1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ms
wliicli followed the abortive attempt of theDnkc
of Monmouth to revolutionize England, in 1085,
as ''the campaigns of the Lord Chief Justice
Jeffreys in the west.'' The name of that cruel
and weak-minded monarch has been handed
down to posterity coupled with the most blood-
thirsty and atrocious villainies lhat ever dis-
graced the forms of human justice, and the name
of Jeffreys is only remembered to be detested
and execrated in every clime where civilization
has extended. The terrible examples of blood-
shed in France, during the reign of terror, have
met with a like condemnation. It is gratifying
to all friends of popular freedom and constitu-
tional liberty, when we reflect that in oar late
contest, where all the worst passions of human
nature were, aroused, and when our soldiers, as
prisoners, had been treated with a barbarity
utterly indefensible, that when our enemies were
subdued and within our power there was no
clamor for blood.
Humanity and reason have with our people
maintained a sway which in almost any other
country have at some time been usurped by ha-
tred, vengeance, and bloodshed. Such an ex-
hibition of magnanimity and mercy is alike
crcditable to oar people and our institutions.
Mr. President, inasmuch as the people of
the. South had no just cause for the eommence-
" mcnt of the rebellion, let us be carel'ul not to
furnish them with one for the justilication of
similar attempts in the future, by forcing upon
them taxation without representation, and thus
placing them where they can avail themselves
of the precedent sanctified by the struggles of
our revolutionary fathers. Though they have
been confessedly in the wrong, and have com-
mitted a great crime, let us not violate our own
sense of justice by heaping upon them the very
outrages which justified the Colonies in resist-
ing a similar tyrannical exercise of power upon
the part of Great Britain.
Look at this great question as you will, and
from any stand-point, the conviction is forced
upon your mind that we are to constitute in the
future one great nation, and must livetogether
as one people, professing the same religion,
speaking the same language, and bound to-
gether by the traditions of the past and the hopes
of the future. If this be true, is it not better
for us to forget and forgive the past than to re-
vive and keep ali re the hateful animosities which
have come so near causing our mutual destruc-
tion? T trust and believe that the time will come
when all the fierce passions and hatred engen-
dered by the war will have subsided, and when
we shall become a more united people than
before, with homogeneous institutions, bound
together by a common sent intent of love and
admiration for free government and constitu-
tional liberty. 1'osterity will view, through the
" iftedium ot impartial history, the acts and
achievements of the public men of the present
age, and the time in which we now live and act
ji our part will be refeued to as the most porten-
tous of any period of the past. The terrible
crisis through which.we have just passed will
be referred to as demonstrating the power of a
* republican form of government, and as conclu-
sive proof that the people have the capacity to
administer and preserve it. Let us, then, in
the language of the President,, "east the dis-
orders of the past into oblivion." Lot the chil-
dren of those who have met upon the field of
carnage imitate the generosity of their fathers,
who could shake hands and -hare the rude com-
forts of the bivouac with those so lately their
mortal' enemies ; and let us hope that both sec-
tfcns may cultivate and foster that spirit of con-
cord which shall make our Union in reality
"one and inseparable.''
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I had not in-
tended to say anything at this time upon this
great subject of reconstruction, bccause it ap-
peared to me better that we should await the
action of the committee that we have appointed
and charged with the duty of enlightening us
upon the .subject; but I have heard so much that
seems to be entirely aside of the difficulties thai
occur to my mind on this subject thai J think
I ought not to fail at this time to express some
opinions lhat 1 entertain: and especially as the
Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr. Doolittle,] in
theiong, labored, and able speech that he made
yesterday almost entirely failed to touch any
of the difficulties that arc laboring in my mind.
The Senator began by invoking the principles
and aid of the preceding Administration, and
informed us that the present Administration was
proceeding upon the same principles that Mr.
Lincoln had adopted. It is true that Mr. Lin-
coln had entered upon a certain policy in regard
to the admission of some of these States; the
question was agitated before us, i believe, dur-
ing the whole period of the last Congress; but,
notwithstanding my anxiety to find some way
by which these States eoul'l fie safely admitted
into the Union again, all the arguments that
were made for that, purpose during that whole
Congress entirely failed to convince me that the
time had arrived when it was safe to admit any
of them; and therefore, for one, [ contended
against it. and with a good deal of zeal; and for
that I, with some others here, was accused of
being a little factious, and sometimes it was said
we filibustered against the will of the majority
to keep these Stales out.
Now, sir, 1 wish to say that in my judgment
President Johnson has made a, great, improve-
ment, upon the st.it,e oftbings that, existed dur-
ing the last Congress, although, as vet, he has
not reached the point where 1 think the diffi-
culty begins. Mr. Lincoln advised us to admit
Louisiana into the I'nion at atime "when,proba-
bly, more, than one half her territory was (ram-
pled beneath the hostile feet of the enemy.
Our flag did not cover her territory, and per-
haps not, half her population, when he thought
it would be safe to permit her to come back int o
the councils of the nation and participate with
us Union men in the great, work of legislation.
I had not seen anything in the proceedings of
the people there that warranted me in saving
that that would be safe, and therefore 1 thought
il best to make what stand f could against that
measure. Von will recollect, si'', thai Mr. Lin-
coln (litl not then require, il' 1 recollect aright, in
order to tin- admission, anvthing more than that
one tenth pari of the population of Louisiana
should lake a certain oath, and that not a. a cry
difficult one, and v-hea they had done lhat the
Slate was to be in a condition lo be admitted.
Mr. Johnson. 1 repeat, has made an improve-
ment, and a great improvement, upon all this,
for he does require, if 1 understand him. th.it
they, by their fundamental law, shall abolish
slavery ; he requires at their hands that they
sliali repudiate the lebid debt : he requiiesthal
Iliey shall icnounee Ihe right (if seees-:ion : ho
requires Unit they shall agree lo the consiitu-
tional amendment abolishing sla\ery former.
Thest... in niyjudgment. aie great improvements
upon the system adopted by Mr. Lincoln. Had
Mr. Lincoln himself, at lhat period, required
these things, ;lnd had the Stales assented to
them, 1 believe I should then have yielded to
his wishes and given my support to the measure.
1 >ut. Mr. President, in Ihe counsel,- that 1 have
given and Ihe measures that f have advocated
in the Senate. 1 have ever had one polar star
to guide mv action, and tothat I adhere v hcther
1 am in the majority or the minority, and I
never intend lobe tempted from il one single
inch. 1 lix, my eye upon Ihe great, principle of
denial justice, and it haJ borne me triumpliaut-
lythroughall dilli cullies in my legislative career
since f have had a seat here. 1 say triumphantly,
for, sir, 1 have stoodupeu this floor wh< n 1 had
not ten men to suppoit me against the entire
Senate, and when the principles that I advocated
wei'C infinitely more unpopular here than those
lhat I announce to-day. How vere the whole
Senate startled at the idea of universal eman-
cipation fifteen years ago, ten years ago; yes,
sir. five years ago! Talk not to me about un-
popular doctrines, and endeavor not to intimi-
date me by the intimation thai 1 shall be found
in a minority among the people ' 1 know them
better. 1 think T know that 1 tread in the great
path of rectitude and right, and 1 care not who
opposes me. Cod Almighty is my guide: lie,
going before toc-trengihcu my hand, Iku never
failed me yet, and 1 do not fear that He will do
so on this occason.
Mr. President, 1 will not boast, but I, -with
many others upon this floor, can look back to
our precedent course upon this subject, I think,
with great satisfaction. I think we may say
with St. Paul, " we have fought the good fight."
We are hot entirely through it, I admit, as he
was. We may have a little further to go in the
same direction, but our path is much easier than
it was then.
Mr. CLARK. We keep the faith.
Mr. V, ADli. Yes, sir, I keep the faith, and
I have no doubt of a fmal triumph. X never
feared it. I never had the least doubthow this
whole question would lie settled. It will all come
right if we are true to our convictions.
Mr. WILSON. We will he.
Mr. WADE. T have no doubt of it. I do
not. fear my associates on this great question. I
wish, sir, and I wish nothing more heartily, that
1 could agree exactly With the President'ajjiew
of the subject aud go along with him in the
smooth path to a final and speedy adjustment of
this whole question ; but there are things in that
path which prevent my seeing the way clearly.
I g!\ e the President full credit for all that lie, has
done, and I honor him for the pertinacious man-
ner iu which ho has in sis tod on the great guar-
antees to which I have already alluded. lie
has commenced, as it were, to build this great
arch of freedom aright: he has laid the foun-
dations deep upon the rock of justice and truth;
he has demanded that slavery be abolished. I
agree with him in this, and 1 honor him because
he has stood firmly by this demand, and he
stands firmly by it now. All these requisitions
that he has demanded of the South are right,
but lie has failed to put Ihe keystone on the
arch that lie has built, and if you leave it as it
| is it will go to ruin. .
| When this great question is settled, I want, it
to be finally and entirely disposed of. Ido not
wish to be fighting eternally about slavery and
distinctions of righls and privileges among the
American people. I say lo President J ohnson,
to the Democratic party, to the people of the
United States, that 1 will never yield this con-
troversy until all men iu America shall stand
precisely upon the same platform, equal before
ihe law in e\ery respect. When that shall have
been secured. 1 shall give up this great con-
troversy in which 1 have been engaged so many
years, and no man will bo more rejoiced lhan
myself that 1 shall be relieved from it.
I listened carefully to the elaborate argument
of tin" Senator from Wisconsin yesterday, fori
knew il was Ihe announcement of the doctrines
of I he Administration most nlJv set forth, most
deliberately prepared, meditated upon long,
written and probably printed in advance and
submitted for its consideration beforehand : but
1 do not know how that was.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Perhaps as the Senator
appeals to me upon that point, I may be in-
dulged in stating, as 1 do most distinctly, that
so far as the speech I made yesterday is con-
cerned, 1 have had no consultation with any
member of the Administration iu regard to it;
neither with the President nor any member of
ihe Cabinet. I expressed my own opinions.
Mr. WADE. I only surmised what I staled;
I did not knowit to be a fact. I thought it might
be so from the surroundings that I saw licr-";
from some pari of the audience that listened to
the speech. H seems T was mistaken as to that,
bui it makes no difference. The Senator is
undoubtedly the organ of the Administration
ii];<e this subject.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Allow me to state that
1 eeitainly do not stand iu any such relation to
the Administration any mote than any other
Senator upon this floor. There are certain
points in which perhaps I agree with the opin-
ions of the President more than the Senator
from Ohio, lmf I claim no more right to speak*
for the President than the Senator himself-
Mr. WADE. 1 do not know that theScnator
does so claim, but I know lhat it has been gon-
ers l!y considered that !m was more familiar
with the views of the President on this subject
