1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
that is departed from frequently, according to
circumstances. If it is a State that is not fill-
ing up very fast, and there is no reason to sup-
pose that a large population will go into the
Territory, that is a reason why wo should re-
quire more when they are admitted, for cer-
tainly, in order to admit a State into the Union,
there should be some criterion as to popula-
tion.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. "Will the Senator
permit me to ask him a question?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will not the con-
struction of the Pacific railroad through the
entire length of the State, almost, supply any
lack of population rapidly ?
Mr. WADE. .That maybe in the future;
and if the people were laboring under oppres-
sion from any source whatever ; if they were
laboring under any great disadvantage in con-
sequence of being a Territory, that would bo a
strong reason in my mind for her admission as
a State. But we all know that these Territo-
ries are the very pets of the Government, the
most favored wards of the Government. They
hardly ever ask anything that is not granted.
We have always dealt with the Territories in
the most generous manner, giving them land,
furnishing them buildings to set up their gov-
■ermnents upon, paying their officers, doing al-
most anything that they have asked of us. We
have paid their jurors and done everything to
enable them to carry 011 their administration
at our expense and at their will. Indeed, the
condition of a Territory under the guardian-
ship of the United States is, in my judgment,
beiter for the masses of the people than when
they form a State government. There always
is an ambition to be a State. It furnishes
many honoiable aud high offices, and gentlu-
men are ambitious to hold them, and rightly,
too. I do not blame them for that; but for
that reason there is always a tendency to bring
in Territories as States before perhaps the real
interests of the people require it.
But as to this enabling act, I was endeavor-
ing to show why it was that with so small a
population we granted the enabling act, and 1
had explained that it was because we believed,
or I as one member of the committee believed,
from what we learned from the delegation from
there, and from the best lights we could get,
that the population was much greater than it
appears now it was then, and we expected a
most rapid increase of population. Wo have
been disappointed in that. From the votes
taken there it seems that the population since
1800 has rather been decreasing than other-
wise. There do not seem to be so many in-
habitants there now as there wore when we
passed that enabling act. Well, sir, they voted
on the subject; they got up a constitution which
in my judgment is a very good one, with one
exception. We looked it all over, and there
are no objections to it that I know of except
that they inserted the word ''white" in it.
The people voted upon it. We enabled them
to do so, and they got together and voted
against it by an overwhelming majority, nearly
three to one; and they were wise in doing so
in my judgment, considering how few people
there were there and how their interests were
affected in carrying on a State government and
for other reasons satisfactory to them. "When
a legal vote was taken under the enabling act.
pursuing this purpose, they voted ir down. We
supposed that after that the enabling act was
functus officio • that it was dead ; that it had
been operated under and defeated by the peo-
ple.
The people themselves felt conscious of that
because they applied to us last winter again for
another enablingact; but the committee thought,
I believe, that it was a little capricious in them
to vote down the constitution made for them
under the enabling act and then come here the
very next year, without any very considerable
change in their circumstances that wo could see,
and ask us over again to give them another.
We would not do'that^ We thought that we
would wait until something transpired there to
change the condition of things, since they have
expressed themselves so emphatically on this
subject.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Have not the Indian
wars upon the plains prevented that increase of
population which would otherwise have talien
place in Colorado ? Is not that the reason ?
Mr. "WADE. It may have been one reason.
I do not know what circumstanccs have led to
this decrease of the population or any reason
why the Territory has not grown faster than it
has. I have sometimes thought it was because
very rich mines of gold had been found in other
neighboringTerritoiies all along there, and had
scattered off the gold seekers from this place,
where they seemed to concentrate, to a great
many ot her now discoveries. But whatever was
the cause, the fact is so, that there lias been a
decrease in the population. Now, the whole
Territory has not as great a population as almost
any county in Ohio or any of the old settled
States. There is an inequality about it tliatis
shocking; an inequality in the distribution of
political power. To say that a population of
twenty-five or thirty thousand, which is the ut-
most extent of the population in this 'Territory
now, shall have two Senators on this floor and
a Representative in the other House is an
inequality amounting to almost the old rotten-
borough system of England.
Of course, among a homogeneous popula-
tion it does not make so great a difference ;
for I suppose that the gentlemen who repre-
sent that Territory here, in their ideas of gov-
ernment and the interests of the people, arc
not very diverse from the residue of the Sen-
ate. Bat, nevertheless, when we come to con-
sider tlnit if we admit this Territory as a State,
we give it a degree of political power ten or
twelve times greater than that of most of the
States represented upon this floor, it seems to
me to be really a departure from the great
American principle, that political power shall
be distributed equally, or at all events as
equally as convenience will admit.
Mr. HENDlIiClvS. It will give it about
fifty times the power of Ohio.
Mr. \VA DE. I suppose so ; and much more
than (hat as compared with Pennsylvania or
New York. It is a great departure from the
principle that should govern us. Although,
in the ease of a western State which was filling
up rapidly with a homogeneous population. 1
do not want to measure this very particularly,
it does seem to me that the disparity here is
greater than we have ever before admitted. I
do not think in any instance it can be found
that a Territory has been converted into a
State with the meager population that seems
to exist in Colorado at this time, and I fear
that it will be setting a very dangerous example.
The Senator from Kansas has referred us to
our votes upon the Kansas question. Why,
sir, there was a principle involved in the ad-
mission of that State which, in the opinions of
the gentlemen to whom he has referred, infi-
nitely overruled any consideration as to popu-
lation. There were reasons of the greatest
magnitude in that case. We desired to settle
a question then threatening the disruption of
the Union, overriding everything else, and
throwing entirely into the background any in-
quiries as to the population there.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Ohio and other Senators answered the argu-
ments made then, and which have been cited
by the honorable Senator from Indiana to me.
They said there was no fixed number of popu-
lation required.
Mr. WAD 13. I do not say there is. I have
already said there is no particular gauge. We
have not been confined to that; but there has
been a measure that we wanted to come pretty
near to : and that was the amount of popula-
tion necessary for a llepresentat ive in Congress.
That has been the gauge. AVc have measured
one way and the other of that, according to our
idea that a Territory was filled up with great
facility or very slowly, or where there were very
strong and controlling reasons, as in the Kan-
sas case. AYhy, sir, in order to settle that ques- 1
tion of Kansas right, according my ideas of
right, I would have admitted her as "a St^tewitH
any population that would make it a free'State,
and settle that threatening question. I would
not have stood a moment to inquire about ft.-
I do not remember now what amount of p'opti*
lation was sai-d to be there. I know very well
that Mr. Douglas, in arguing the question—* "
and he was at the head of the Committee on
Territories—said that it should be, as a gen-
eral rule, the amount of population sufficient
for a Representative in Congress.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. But Mr. Douglas
was on the other side. There were four thou-
sand six hundred votes for that constitution,
and here arc seven thousand votes.
Mr. AVADE. I am not measuring that, be--
cause, as I have told you, it does not form in
my mind any gauge for action in this case.
They are totally dissimilar.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I appreciate all
that, but the Senator scouted the idea of pop-
ulation advanced by Mr. Douglas and advanced
by Mr. Butler.
Mr. AVADE. I say I did, under those cir-
cumstances. I have been endeavoring to show
that in myjudgment, under the circumstances
in which Kansas was sought to be admitted,
the amount of population, although important
at other times, was entirely swamped and over-
ridden by other paramount considerations.
That is what I have been endeavoring to incul-
cate.
But, then, when all other things are out of
the way, population is a question of very great
consideration in my judgment, because we
should not, I think, give to any portion of our
population an immensely increased political
power over others when there is no paramount
necessity for it. These considerations actu-
ated the Committee 011 Territories long before
the rebellion. I remember very well—I was
011 that committee at the time—-we organized
somo four or five Territories in the winter, I
think, of 1801, and it was done by a kind of
compromise here in order if possible to settle
this terrible question that was agitated in the
Territoricjiwith regard to slavery. The whole
slavery question for several years turned on
the fact as to what should be the status of that
institution in the Territories, one party con-
tending that they had a right to take all their
slaves into any of the Territories to hold them
there, and to make them slave Territories, and
those of us who took a different view of it con-
tending that they had no right to do that, and
that they should be fenccd out by what was
called the Jefferson proviso. That was the
question, and that terrible question led us to
organize these Territories when there was
scarcely any population in them. Mr. Green,
of Missouri, was at the head of the committee
at that time ; I was on it with him ; and we
there made this compromise, that we would
admit the Ten itorics without saying one word
about slavery one way or the other, both of
us being anxious to get rid of it. We did
so, and the Senate and the other House agreed
to what we had done, and wo organized those
Territories when under other circumstances
undoubtedly they would not have been organ-
ized.
Mr. CONNESS. AVill my friend permit me
to ask him a question here which is of interest
to me?
Mr. WADE. Certainly.
Mr. CONNESS. I believe the Senator was
here at the time of the organization of the
Territories of Kansas and Nebraska?
Mr. AVADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator if political considerations did not guide in
the organization of those two Territories at that
time rather than any necessity for territorial
governments in the Territories.
Mr. AVADE. Undoubtedly; that was my
understanding of the subject. As 1 have said,
all other considerations as to population and
everything else were overridden by the para-
mount. one of political considerations.
Now, Mr. President, in the committee I dis-
