1858
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 13,
. with my fellow-members upon the ad-
mission of this State. As I said before, after
voting down the first enabling act, the very next
year they eame and asked for another, notwith-
standing two thirds, or nearly two thirds, of the
population on a fair vote had voted down the
State constitution and said they did not want
to come in as a State—that was the loudest
expression that wo could get from them; gen-
tlemen were here asking the Committee on Ter-
ritories to give them another enabling act, and
they had a bill referred to us; but we said "No,
we do not see any necessity for it; your people
do not want it; you have got the loudest ex-
pression of the people of Colorado, and that
is, that they do not want to come into the Union
yet. They have told you so in the strongest
way they could speak to you, and now you say
they want to come in. We cannot understand
that; there has been no increase of population
to speak of; there has been no change in the
circumstances of that Territory that we are
aware of from the time (hey voted down the
first enabling act to the time you ask another
enabling act a year afterward." We did not
believe they wanted to come in.
Now, sir, how emphatically did the people of
Colorado speak the next time on the subject?
When we refused to grant these gentlemen an-
other enabling act, they said, "We will go on
without any; we will not ask you for any; wo
can do just as well without it, because Terri-
tories have been admitted without an enabling
act.'' 1 grant that they have been, not without
frcat controversy, but still it has been done,
t was done in the case of California, which
was another case where political considera-
tions overrode those other minor considerations.
There the great question of the balance of
power between the; frco and the slave States
was up. Certain States threatened to disrupt
the Union if we should bring in California, and
demanded that it should bo a slave State.
General Taylor, as President of the United
Slates, wishing to settle the controversy, sent
agents there favorable to bringing it in as a
free Slate. There was a terrible controversy
in Congress, but California was finally brought
in as a free State, and scarcely anything was
said about its population that 1 can recollect,
and naturally there would not be. It was to
settle a great question that was agitating the
community and threatening the nation itself,
and there was no time for an enabling act.
We had just conquered the Territory. There
it was under military ride ; it was a great ne-
cessity lhat civil government should be insti-
tuted there. These were the reasons in that
case.
In the ease of Michigan—and that is the only
case 1 recollect except California—she was. ad-
mitted into this Union without an enabling act,
but it brought on a long and fierce controversy
whether it should come in without it or not.
The Attorney General, I recollect, made a most
elaborate report on that subject, finally coming
to the conclusion that it would not be illegal
to recognize (he act of the people and confirm
what they had done. It was said then it would
be irregular. It was only an exception to a
rule almost general, and it was admitted with
great reluctance prompted, undoubtedly, by the
strongest party feeling, for party feeling never
ran higher than then.
ilr. LANE, of Kansas. How was it with
Florida?
Mr. WADE. I do not remember about Flor-
ida. The gentleman spoke of Florida coming
in without an enabling act. I do not recollect
that it did. But in searching back the cases,
and hearing this question argued so often here,
I do not recollect lhat Florida has over before
been cited as an instance where a Territory has
been admitted without an enabling act, though
I <lo not pretend to say that it had an enabling
act.
I knowit is in the power of Congress, if they
see fit, to ratify what these people have done;
but if they do it they do it at the hazard of setting
a precedent which will be attended with very
great disadvantage in a great many ways. For
instance, a Territory will be feverish and uneasy
to get into the Union without any regard to
its population, and without asking Congress
whether it is proper they should come in or not.
There is no question but that will be the case.
They will make a constitution, they will elect
all their officers, they will appear at the doors
of your Capitol demanding to be admitted,
and it will be a hardship to them if they are
turned out of doors after all this expense in-
curred and have to go home empty. We are
reluctant to do any such thing, but nevertheless,
if you set this example, it will bo all hap-hazard
hereafter; they will form constitutions and de-
mand admission under such circumstances that
undoubtedly no judicious man would say they
ought to come in. Then, they labor under the
disadvantage of having been at the expense of
getting up a constitution and voting upon it and
sending members here for admission from re-
mote parts of the Union, and staying here a
great while at great expense in order to have
the question tried, and with a ease that Con-
gress cannot sanction.
Sir, they ought not to come in without an
enabling act. 1 will not say that circumstances
may not transpire where it is proper to admit
a State without an enabling aet, but there should
be some great and paramount reason for it
when a people appear in that way. They cer-
tainly should not come here and ask for one
and have it refused, and right over on top of
that refusal come here and in defiancc of' the
act of Congicss claim that they ought to come
in. I say that when they applied last winter
and we refused to give them a new enabling
act, it was as much as saying to that people,
"In the judgment of Congress you are not in a
condition to come into the Union and there-
fore these people cannot complain that it is any
hardship lhat we do not admit them, because
we did not tell them wo would admit them;
we did not tell them they could come in. On
the other hand, we told them, "You cannot
come in yet; in the judgment of Congress you
are not in a condition to come in, and your
own people, the last time wo heard from them,
decided that it was not for their interest to
come in."
For these reasons and a great many more
that 1 might detail, perhaps not as strongly and
as cogently as they have been detailed by others, -
in my judgment this Territory is not in such a
condition as that in justice to her own people
and in justice to the other States'of the Union,
she should now be admitted into the Union.
As l-o this word '' white'' in the constitution,
I have but one woid to say. In my judgment
that of itself constitutes a very gieat reason
why she should not be admitted. It will not do
to tell me that I have voted heretofore for the
admission of States with the word "white" in
their constitutions, excluding the colored popu-
lation. I have no doubt that every Senator who
has been'here long has done it. Why, sir, the
man who has made no progress upon the great
subject of human rights within the last five or
six years belongs to the fossil race; he must bo
clear down to the old red sandstone. [Laugh-
ter.] We are now demanding free suffrage
everywhere. How long have we been doing so ?
How long is it that slavery has been abolished
throughout this whole Union? IIow could a
man five years ago stand upon this floor and
claim that the black population should have the
right of suffrage in every Territory admitted
into this Union? We were contending then,
not for the admission of the blacks to the right
of voting in the Territories, but we were en-
deavoring to fence out slavery itself in the Ter-
ritories. We were fighting in a death straggle
to keep slavery out. It would have been pre-
posterous then to talk about admitting one with
the right of the colored people to vote, and the
man that would have insisted upon it would
have been an impractical man. A statesman
should always take all the good that he can
possibly get. My rule has always been to con-
tend for all that pertains to human right and
liberty that under the circumstances can be
extorted from those who are reluctant to grant
1 ,
it, and if I can get an inch I will not forego the
opportunity. 1 will ask what X can get; but in
those days we could get nothing, and it was a
great triumph if we could fence slavery out of
any Territory.
Why, sir, the fiercest battles that were ever
fought in this Senate were fought over the ques-
tion whether there should be slavery all over
the Territories and all over the States, and we
thought ourselves happy if we could fence it
from there.
My mind has undergone no change upon
this subject. I knew what was right then just
as well as I know it now. I knew that the
colored man had the same right to political
power that a white man had. Any man in any
country that is responsible for maintaining that
nation or State is entitled to vote, and it is
nothing but oppression and tyranny to exclude
him from it. The man who desires to exclude
anybody, white or black, who has the burdens
of the Grovernmentto bear, and will not let him
participate in all the privileges, political and
civil, that he himself enjoys, is a tyrant, and
I would not trust him with my dog.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Will the gentleman
allow me to settle the question that has been
raised with regard to the admission of Florida?
Mr. WADE. Yes, sir.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In 1838 the people .
of Florida formed a State constitution without
the previous assent of Congress.
Mr. WADE. I do not deny that. I said I
had not seen it cited. It may be so, but never-
theless it is exceptional. I believe, then, I can
count three cases, Michigan, California, and
Florida, if the Senator is correct. "
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have a faint rec-
ollection that Alabama was admitted in the
same way.
Mr. WADE. I hardly think it was, but it
may turn out to be so. I know that as often
as that question has been up it has met with
the strongest opposition here. The Senate has
always demanded, as it ought to demand, that
they should have the representative ratio, for
fear of the consequences I have endeavored to
delineate of permitting a people to come here
demanding admission as a State without eon-
suiting Congress at all, on their own motion,
templed as they always are by the principal
influential men who seek offices in these new
States. It is a dangerous thing to permit them
to do it. It is at least dangerous to this extent :
they will incur expense and disappointment
and be attended with a great many difficulties
that ought not to exist. It is easy for them to
consult Congress first, and if Congress judges
they are in a condition to come ill, the whole
controversy ceases; they come here and every-
body admits them to come in; everybody knows
what they are about; the thing is all settied.
That ought to be the rule, I have no doubt. It
has not been the rule in this case. Those peo-
ple commenced right; we gave them all they
askecl. The people saw fit not to comply with
our invitation, and I think they judged wisely.
Then somebody came again, whether it was a
movement of the people or not I do not know,
and right upon the heel of that refusal asked
to be admitted. I think if is unreasonable,
when it cannot be shown that their circum-
stances have altered in favor of their admis-
sion.
'This is all I wish to say on the subject. If
the Senate comes to the conclusion that these
gentlemen are entitled under these circum-
stances to be here with us, certainly I shall
not complain of it. I have only discharged
what I considered a duty to myself to explain
the course I took, differing from the majority
6f the committee with whom I generally act/
That is the only reason I have spoken at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, there
are considerations lying about this question
which I have not yet heard presented to the
Senate. It is a singular fact that we here i
hardly know anything that is west of us. East 1
of the Alleghanies they know more about Eu- j
rope, Asia, and Africa than they do about tha ,
Mississippi valley or the mountains on my owa 1
