294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
than the rest of "us. Perhaps this may be a
mistake, but it does not make much difference
how the fact is. I listened yesterday attentively
to his able argument, in which he put forth un-
doubtedly all the views in favor of the policy he
advocated that occurred to him or that he could
muster into its service, and his speech was more
remarkable for what it did not say than for what
it did. I do not remember that in the whole
course of his speech he spoke of the fate of
those four million human beings whose rights are
involved in this controversy—rights which to
him are dearer than life; nay, sir, he would
sooner sacrifice his own son upon the altar than
consent that he should not stand upon an equal
footing with his neighbor upon the question of
suffrage. If there were no such element in-
volved in this controversy, I. like him, perhaps,
should find no very great difficulty in the way,
tut. would allow things to go on smoothly and
quietly. It would be a very harmless aqd un-
important controversy if it was barely to settle
the question whether the rebel States in a meta-
physical point of view are in the Union or out
of it. The Senator cited Mr. Lincoln's last
speech, or dying declaration, as he called it,
in which Mr. Lincoln himself alluded to that
very question, and said that it (which was so
emphatic and so large a part of the Senator's
argument) had in his judgment little or nothing
to do with the subjcct. I do not pretend to
quote Mr. Lincoln's exact words, but he said,
" Enough that the secedcd States do not main-
tain such a relation to the Government that they
can be admitted without congressional aid," or
to that effect. The Senator did not quote that
portion of Mr. Lincoln's speech.
But, Mr. President, f earft very little what
great names say on these subjects. No man
-honors the memory of Mr. Lincoln more than
1 do. but I do not, invoke his opinions here as
controlling:1 Upon the floor of the Senate of the
United States I look all around for counsel; i
am willing to be enlightened from any quarter
which can give me light with regard to my duty;
and I would as soon look to it from an humble
source as from, the President or any other man
standing in high official position. They are but
poor, mortal men at last, and a Senator of the
United States has no right to yield his opinions
to mortal men. lie is sent here for no such pur-
pose. I like to have the aidof the Executive,
according to the constitutional idea, to advise
me as to the. measures and principles that he
thinks ought to be adopted ; and no man will
listen to him with a more willing ear than my-
self'; but unless his advice squares with my idea
of duty, I discard it as a Senator as I would
that of any other man standing in any other
position.
Sir, the great question that it now devolves
upon us to settle is one from which we "cannot
shrink; it is for Congress and nobody else to
settle. If we settleit and it be wrong, we can-
not justify ourselves by saying that we took the
advice of the President of the United States, or
of Mr. Lincoln, who is now dead. Although
his memory is revered by all, his counsels will
be no justification to us if we make a mistake
upon this great and perilous question that is
looming up before us in portentous magnitude.
I say. Senators, look to yourselves, take coun-
sel of your own judgment and conscience, of
your duty to God and your country, and look
less abroad and less to great men, because if
there were ever a question before you that was
peculiarly your own it is this. Where in, the
Constitution can be found any authority given
to the President to pro1, ide for bringing States
into this Union? Nowhere; but we, the rep-
resentatives of the people of the United States
jn Congress assembled, sent here to do their
will under the Constitution of the United States,
are the only tribunal to decide as to the admis-
sion of a, State. Vv e are the only body that ought
jn a free Government to declare upon what prin-
ciples a State that is outside of the legislative
department shall be admitted to participate in
it. 1 do_ not care for that purpose whether the
community is a Territory of the United States,
or a Slate which has forfeited all right or all
ability to act for itself. Such questions are ours;
they do not belong to the President of the Uni-
ted States; and if they did this free Government
of ours, of which we boast, so much, would be
the most concentsated despotism upon the face
of the earth. While we encroach not a hair
upon the province of the Executive, let us stand
firmly upon our basis under the Constitution,
and do that which is our duty before the people
of the United States.
Now, Mr. President, a word upon the sub-
ject which the Senator from Wisconsin did not
touch. Here are four million people to be
ostracized from this Government, to be made
serfs forever, notwithstanding the declaration of
their freedom, unless some way be contrived by
which their rights shall be guarantied. -I was
one of those who early advocated the bringing
ofcolored men into the Army and invoking their
aid to put down the rebellion. Over and over
and over again I urged it upon the Executive,
as a member of the committee on the conduct
of the war, and in my private capacity, and in
every other way, long before that policy took
effect. I feel that according to the powers with
which I was invested I did as much as I could
to bring the Executive and Congress up to the
mark of invokingtothc aidof the Union the col-
ored people in the Army and Navy and where
ever else they could lissist us. What was im-
plied in all that? Bid it not force upon me a
duty? Would I lend my voice and my vote to
seduce or compel that people to jeopardize their
lives in defense of their country, and then turn
them over to the mercy of their enemies?
Sir, the man who would do it, deliberately and
knowingly, is the meanest of all God's creation.
Having tempted them into the struggle, having
induccd them to fight through the war and haz-
ard their lives in your defense, having by this
course incensed the whole rebel population
against them, will you desert them and leave
them in the hands of their vindictive enemies to
be destroyed? The Senator from Wisconsin did
not allude to them; all his sympathy was with
the rebels, the men who endeavored to destroy
your Constitution, the men who buried three or
four hundred thousand of your bravest sons.
My friend from Nevada [Mr. Stewart] sympa-
thizes with them, too. The brave colored men,
weak and uninfluential in themselves, but who
gave you the strongest aid, and without whom 1
do not know that you could have got through
successfully, have no part in these gentlemen's
sympathies. Those who slow our brethren,
scoundrel traitors to God and man, are now the
objects of their sympathy. In all their long
speeches they cannot think of the four millions
whom Ave brought on our side, and who imper-
iled their lives to give us most important aid.
They sympathize rather with those who, instead
of sympathy, deserve a halter!
There is another question which the Senator
from Wisconsin did not touch. 1 do not remem-
ber that he said a single word as to the temper
and disposition of the people whom he seeks
now to bring into the Government. All he had
to say was that a promise had been extorted from
them that they would abolish slavery, or that
they had abolished it in form; but. how are you
going to guaranty that? What provision have
they made to make that secure? I shall never
desert them. My honor, my sense of justice, is
aroused upon this subject. I have invoked their
aid in the Army; I have agreed to protect them
in their freedom, and so far as my exeitions go
they shall be, whatever else may come. He said
nothing about all this; he did not tell us pre-
cisely what it was that he would do; and now",
after having listened to his elaborate speech, I
do not know whether lie would let these States
right in now without any further inquiry on the
subject or not. He argued to show that these
States had never been outside of the LTnion, but
that the moment the insurrection was put down
or suppressed they were in their original place,
and apparently had nothing-else to do than to
come up here and legislate for us; and for all
his speech told us. our old enemies on this floor,
whom we banished for treason, may come back
here to-day if their people see fit to send them.
Permit me now, sir, to say a word on the
question of constitutional law, as to whether the
seceded States were out of the Union or in it.
I* agree with Mr. Lincoln, in thinking that in
settling the question before us it is not very ma-
terial to decide this point; for if, as he said, their
-relation to the Union is such that they cannot
participate in the Government without the action
of Congress, it matters little whether you call
them outside of the Union or in it; the question
will principally turn upon whether their temper
and disposition are such that it is safe to trust
them in the councils of the nation.
I have but a word to say about that question,
because I do not consider it a question of very
great importance ; but I think the distinction
which the mind of any statesman would make
is very obvious. If a portion of the inhabit-
ants of a State of this Union have raised their
arms against the General Government and the
State, for they cannot oppose the one without
opposing the other, and the State is all organ-
ized and intact, aiding the Union to put down
that rebellion, the State is not out of the Union,
does not lose her organization, but stands in-
tact, and the moment such an insurrection is
put down the State stands as she did before.
But when the whole State becomes contami-
nated,.when it is so permeated by treason that
all its officers, from the Governor to the lowest
office-holder, are displaced and thrown out of
their position under the Government, if the
people have organized their State on a basis of
opposition to the General Government and
declared war upon it, so that resistance to the
rebellion within the State has entirely ceased,
the State, as such, loses its right to be consid-
ered as an integral part of the General Gov-
ernment.
It will not do to tell me that there are scat-
tering men in these States who did not agree
to all these proceedings, for there never was a
war, either civil or public, in which there could
not be found some men in both nations who
were opposed to the war, and who so expressed
themselves. We'know that during the war of
the Revolution many of the most eminent states-
men of Great Britain sided with us in the British
Parliament, and sympathized with us through-
out that, struggle; but were we less at war with
England, or she with us, becausc some of her
statesmen and many of her middle classes were
with us, believing that we were right and their
own country wrong? Would a publicist, deal-
ing with international law, or even municipal
law, pretend that you were any the less a nation
at war because here and there a man ont of
office could be found who did not believe that
his Government was right? That is not the
way that statesmen treat such subjects.
You must take the people of a State as you
find them in fact; and if they are rebels, if tlj,p
State organization has lost its power as a part
of the Union, if its old loyal government is
rooted up root and branch, and a new govern-
ment formed on its ruins hostile to the General
Government, I say then it is out of the Union
to all intents and purposes. Then all is an-
archy, except by virtue of their new State or-
ganization, which is a treasonable organization;
and whether there be more or less of the people
who favor it is not a question for statesmen to
look to. Statesmen look to the organization,
look to those in power, see who the governors
are, see who the legislatures are, see who makes
the laws. When treason has so triumphed over
a State that her governor and her legislative
councils are all organs of treason, enacting trea-
son into law, and raising armies for the de-
struction of the old Government, to tell me that
in such a State that government is not displaced
is nonsense. If the State is able to maintain
its old organization and put down the insurrec-
tion, the individuals are guilty of treason, the
State standing intact; but. when the State or-
ganization has yielded to the storm, has ceased
all resistance, we have to look upon its people
as they are, public enemies, and nothing else.
That, sir, very briefly, is the view 1" entertain
on that subject; but I have said it makes no
difference what theoretical view may be taken,
