2318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, it is a very good child,
and I am not ashamed of the offspring.
Mr. CHANCER. A question has arisen in
this interlocutory discussion as to the appro-
priation for these school-houses.
The gentleman from Massachusetts asserted,
if I understood him, that these school-houses
which were built by the people of th^ South
for the education of white children, were at
one time taken by the Government away from
the white children and that black children
were put into those school-houses which were
intended by the southern people for the edu-
cation of white children.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; I did not say it in
that way.
Mr. CHANLER. No , not in that way ; but
that was the effect of what the gentleman said.
The gentleman asserted that these school-
houses in which black children were being
educated were taken from the white children.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir.
Mr. CHAN'LER. And now he proposes
that an additional appropriation shall be made
whereby the United States Government shall
build other school-houses for the blacks along-
side of those which were originally built for the
whites.
That is the whole of his position, as I under-
stand it, stripped of the verbiage with which
it is clothed.
Mr. ELIOT. Well, the gentleman does not
understand it at all.
Mr. CHANLER. Of course not; and it is
impossible to understand a system by which
the white population, robbed alike of their
lands and o( the system of education which
tliey had built up for themselves, are to be
taxed by this bill, as well as the people of the
North, to sustain a Freodmen's Bureau raised,
for the purpose of holding the South in sub-
jection to a political party. It is impossible
to understand n system which links together
with infamy a pretext of philanthropy.
_ Mr. ELIOL'. i\:ow, if there are no other
inquiries which gentlemen desire to make I
resign the floor.
j\ir. STEVEN'S. I have here a letter from
General Howard, dated the JOth of March last,
urging_the passage of (his bill, and 1 have also
here his estinuite giving in full all the items.
Mr. KASSON. What is the date of his
report accompanying the estimate?
Mr. S I'I1]VENS. The date of his report
was the 10th of December last; and then in a
letter, upon my application to him, under date
of March 5, he increased the amount. The
committee, however, have provided in this bill
for the original estimate.
Mr. DODGE. Will the gentlemen allow rue
to ask a question of the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Eliot? |
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
, r- DODGE. The estimate for transporta-
tion is $1,980,000. Itwasmadein December
last. I understand the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts to state that there have been twenty-
two thousand transported since that time.
Mr. ELIOT. No, sir; before that time.
Mr. DODGE. Before that lime?
Mr. ELIOT. I suppose it was before De-
cember. I do not know. It was before the
time i made the inquiry.
Mr. DODGE. The average cost of trans-
portation over five hundred miles on railroads
is ten dollars^for each person. An appropria-
tion of $1,800,000 at the same rates would
transport one hundred and eighty thousand
persons. I suppose that since December, when
this estimate was made, the occasion for the
ti an.sportatoon of such numbers has very greatly
diminished and it seems to me, therefore that
this item might be very much reduced. '
Mr. KASMLN. With the permission of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, I would like to
say that we may essentially reduce the amount
of the appropriation by a modification of the
phraseology of the bill. For example, it is
found that commissary and quartermasters'
stores have, to a largo extent, been already
used by simply taking the material on hand.
May 1,
Why, then, in lieu of this very large appro-
priation, should we not, by this bill, authorize
a credit on the accounts of those departments,
and the accounts settled at the Treasury upon
the vouchers of this bureau?
It seems to me that we can avoid shocking
the public mind, as it will be shocked by this
large appropriation, larger I suspect than our
pension list is to-day for the soldiers of our
Army; we can avoid shocking the public mind,
and more economically accomplish the neces-
sary objects of this bill. We can give the pro-
tection which we are bound in honor and good
faith to extend to this class of people, and at
the same time reduce, very essentially reduce,
the magnitude of the appropriations in this bill.
Why should wenotalsoprovideforthemodes
in which this money shall be expended, instead
of leaving it without any limit to the discretion
of the officers ? If they are to use the machin-
ery of the War Department, wo should say so
in this bill.
I assure the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] that my desire is equal to his
or that of any othergentleman to do everything
that good faith and honor requires of us for the
protection of this class of the community. But
1 also greatly desire that we shall so frame a
bill that by increasing the number of disbnrs-
ing^ officers wo shall not increase the liability
to frauds and mismanagement. And by trans-
ferring the machinery of the War Department
from one object to another, and the money from
one account to another, we will accomplish the
same purpose that we seek to accomplish by
making this large appropriation independently.
A single statement further, and I have done.
This bill runs from the 1st of January, 1866, to
the 31st of December, 18GG. Contrary to our
usual custom, we are establishing a new fiscal
year for this bureau. By the provisions of the
act establishing this bureau, it is to expire in
one year from the establishment of peace ; and
it is generally regarded that the proclamation
of the President fixes that period. Now, we
should do one of two things : either make this
according to the recognized fiscal year; orclso
provide for the expenditures of the'bureau until
if expires by limitation of law. We should also
provides for f ho proper securing of the titles to
these sites for asylums and school-houses, and
determine whether, and how, we shall keep
them after the bureau ceases to exist, and if
so, how long. These are important questions,
which I think require further time for examina-
tion, and I hone the bill may be recommitted.
Mr. SCHENCK. observe this clause in
this bill: "for salaries of assistant and sub-
assistant, commissioners, $147,500." Now, if
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
is the father of the Freedraen's Bureau, I
think that, as the step-father in one sense, I
may claim to know something about it. The
bill which is now actually the law upon the
statute-book is a very simple bill in its pro-
visions, and one which was got up in the com-
mittee of conference as a sort of compromise
between the two Houses.
Knowing something of the history of this
bill, I can state from recollection, without re-
ferring to it particularly, that among its pro-
visions is one requiring that the Commissioner
and sub-commissioners should either be ap-
pointed from civil life or might be detailed
from the Army; so that officers already em-
ployed upon salaries paid by the Government
can perform the duties of the bureau. That
provision was the more essentially necessary,
inasmuch as there was no appropriation made
when the bill was passed for carrying out its
provisions. In consequence of that provision
pretty much all the work of the commissioners
and sub-commissioners has been done by de-
tailed officers of the Army. And unless it be
tor the purpose of keeping an account between
the Army and the Freedmen's Bureau, so that
the bureau shall be charged with the salaries
of those detailed officers of the Army, 1 do not
quite understand how it can be that $147,500
should be needed or expended in paving the
salaries of these officers.
I may remark that I say this as a friend of
the bureau, as one who appreciates to the full
extent the services of General Howard, its
head, as one who wishes to sustain the bureau
in every particular. But I think we should
understand how it is that an appropriation
should be called for so large as this to pay the
salaries of commissioners and sub-commission-
ers, when, if I rightly understand the matter,
in fact and in law, the business of the commis-
sioners and sub-commissioners is performed
mainly, if not almost altogether, by detailed
officers of- the A rmy, who dfaw their salaries
from another fund.
Mr. STEVENS. So the Commissioner states
in his report. But he also states that they are
liable to be mustered out at any moment. He
wishes, therefore, to be able to cmplov assist-
ants independently of that altogether. " This ia
all set forth in the report.
Mr. ROSS. I desire to ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania under what pait of the
Constitution he thinks Congress derives the
power to build school-houses and educate the
people of the South, taxing n y constituents and
his to pay the expense.
Mr. STEVENS. Under the law of nations,
which is a part of the Constitution, and enables
us to govern conquered provinces. [Laugh-
ter. ]
Mr.^ Speaker, there has been much more
objection than I anticipated on this side of the
House to educating these poor people. I fear
that some of our friends here still relain a por-
tion of their old hatred of the negro. In view
of the objection which is made, I modify my
amendment and move to amend by striking out
$3,000,000 in the item for schools and school-
houses, and inserting in lieu thereof $500,000.
On this amendment, I call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the operation
thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Thebill was ordered to be engrossed and read
a third time, and was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
! lion.
j The previous question was seconded and the
I main question ordered.
j Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and there were—
yeas 79, nays 41, not voting 63; as follows:
A YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amos, James M.
Ashley, Banks, Baxter, Boaman, Benjamin, Bidwell,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Brandegee, Buck-
land, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Conkling,
Cook, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Demmg, Dodce, l)on-
nellv, Briggs, Eliot, Garfield, Grinnell, Henderson,
?lgnyfrHulimeSi' f/°,tch^1^' A-y-hei Hubbai d, Ches-
ter J). Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James R. Hubbeli,
ilulburd, Ingersoll. Jenckes, Julion, Kollcy, Kelso,
Wilham Lawrence, Lonsyear, Lynch, McClurg, Me-
•,?oIkuc,r' Moorhead, Morrill, Morris, Mpulton,
0 Is eill, Orth, I ame, Patterson, Perham, Plants,
Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schcnck,Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, Francis
1 nomas, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Ward.
W arner, Whaley, Williams, James F. Wilson, Ste-
phen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—79.
NAYS —Messrs. Ancona, Baker, Bergen, Boyer
(.hauler, Cobb, Coffroth, Cullom, Barling, Dawson
Benison, Eldridge, Finek, Glossbrenner, Glider'
Aaron Harding, Abner C. Hardin?, Harris, James M*
Humphrey, Iiuykcndall, George V. Lawrence, Loan!
Newell, ISiolack, JNoell. Samuel J. Randall llitter
Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Smith Stil-
well, Strouse, Taylor, Thornton, Trowbridge, Ehhu
WaS™rrnd^vSd-4l!VabllbUrn' B'
Anderson, Delos B. Ash-
p f Barker, Lromwell, Broomall, Bandy,
Cuhci, Davis Dixon, Dnmont, Eckley, Effglcston
HairHart' Hafquha1rf-,Terff'' Goodyear, Griswold!
tj nj j rrTi .ye5v Hogan, Hooper. Bemas*
Towf,?' flwin Hubt?"T James Humphrey!
Vo meS,A^S01l' ,Kerr- Keteham, Laflin,
rJK Ml Marshall, Marston, Marvin, Mc-
™ Morour, Miller, Myers, Nichol-
H R™,iJ]?'Ilke' Price, Radford, William
'pi "ayniond,Rogers,Scofield, Sloan. Starr,
v™ it •Y5r,.;Tohl\Ii-Thomas, Trimble, Robert!,
van Jorn, uolker, Wentworth, and Wright—63.
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. ROLLINS stated that his colleague,
