4240
WM TONGRESSlOKAi; GLOBE.
July 27,
traveled through it ignorantly; that is, most of
us ignorantly, and particularly so the persons
intrusted with administration; consequently
they did not understand the policies that un-
derlie the incorporation of the- elements of war
among a people. Otherwise this would not
have been a war of four years; twelvemonths
would have sufficed ; and we should not have
lost hundreds of thousands of men. We have
wandered far away from the true philosophy
of the conducting of the elements of warlike
organization.
But, sir, I do not care to discuss this ques-
tion. I care simply to throw out some things
that are truths, which should be recorded be-
cause they are exact truths, and belong to the
history and belong to the records of the nation.
Mr, EDMUNDS. I beg leave to say a word,
as 1 lepresent a small number of the soldiers
of the Union—very small, it is true, because
of those whom. Vermont sent to the war more
fell in battle than from any other State except
the gallant State of Kansas, as the official rec-
ords show; but still enough have returned to
influence in a certain degree public sentiment,
and to represent to us fairly, probably, what the
real sentiments of the soldiers are. Now. so
far as my knowledge goes, and I am informed
by other Senators that it concurs with theirs,
the real soldier, above all other things, loves
justice and fair play. He does not want a
bounty which is taken out of the pocket of
some other soldier to pay him; he does not
want a bounty, well and hale and strong him-
self', to crown the honor that he has gained in
warfare, while the widow of any brother sol-
dier, or his orphan, or while any brother
wounded soldier is pining for the necessities
of life. He does not want the Government's
money under any such circumstances. Up
does not want the money of the Government
while men who have not been in the service,
but have been in the troubled sections of the
country, and who have been crucified on ac-
count of their love to the old flag are still
unprovided for in every respect whatever.
That, sir, so far as my knowledge goes, is the
sentiment which fills the bosom of the true sol-
dier. How many, I should be glad to have the
Senator IVom Massachusetts tell me, of those
seven hundred thousand that he parades before
us have petitioned either JXonse of Congress for
this bounty? Js it one in a thousand? Is it
one in ton thousand?
Mr. WILSON. Yes.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Possibly. Call it one in
ten thousand then.
_ Mr. WILSON. We have thousands of pe-
titions.
Mr. EDMUNDS. How authontic they are
we do not know. Who are the agents ; who
are the speculators; who are the politicians-
because the category would be incomplete with-
out them—that are pressing this scheme, and
through what means is it that the result is to
be obtained? _ There have been brought upon
ns bill after bill upon this subject which had to
all appearance an origin (if I may say so with
all respect to the Senator from Massachusetts)
in some military grab-bag, without form or
comeliness, not providing in one of them at all
for those who have perished or have been lost
in anywise to their ability to serve themselves
or to be useful to the country, from disease;
another which, while it professes to equalize
bounties, says to the man who reenlisted in 18(53
or l«()i, and served his country through, "You
must take out of your pocket a part of the
bounty which we paid to you, and pay it to
your brother in the same regiment who did not
reenlist but went home, as an act of equaliza-
tion, as an act of justice." It does not deserve
the name, Mr. President. Then when you turn
to the soldier as a citizen, as a tax-payer, as a
member oftho great bodyof'thecommuuity, you
say to the soldier of an eastern State, "You
shall receive nothing of this bounty,'' as the
House bill provided fie should not, "but you
shall pay out of your treasure and the accumu-
lations of your earnings to the soldier of some
western State that has not been provided for.' ' I
I believe the soldiers of the western States, gal-
lant and just men as they are, would scorn to
take money raised in such a way, because it is
unjust and unequal.
J do not want to be told that I am opposed
to the soldier and am not willing to do justice
to him, because these crude and unperfected
and unjust and unequal schemes are forced
upon us on an appropriation bill at the last
moment of the session, and gentlemen with
high words for the benefit of their party tell us
that we are to lose votes because we are not
providing for the soldier! It is not statesman-
ship; it is not justice; it ought not to prevail.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to say a word or two
in response to the remarks made by the Sena-
tor from Vermont.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Will the honorable Sen-
ator permit me to introduce a joint resolution
containing two sections? It is evident that we
cannot do anything in regard to bounties on
this bill; but possibly we may pass this joint
resolution which I desire to introduce. I send
it to the desk to be read.
The Secretary read the proposed resolution.
It proposes to direct the Commissioner of the
General Land Office and the Commissioner of
Pensions, under the direction of the Secretary
of the Interior, to prepare and submit to Con-
gress at the next session a bill to equalize the
bounties paid to the soldiers of the United
States by the Federal Government by issuing
to them land-warrants, with power to locate
them upon the reserved alternate sections
along the line of the various railroad grants
through the "public domain. It also proposes
to authorize the heads of the several Depart-
ments to submit to Congress at the next ses-
sion bills for the reorganization of their cleiks
and employes and for a proper adjustment of
their salaries; and to grant from the first Mon-
day of December last to the 4th of March next
twenty per cent, additional to their respective
salaries to those clerks and employes who are
heads of families.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let that lie over until
to-morrow. I want to have this bill settled
to-night: it has got to be enrolled.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. We cannot do anything
with the bounty business on this bill.
I lie PRESIDING OFFICER. The resolu-
tion cannot bo received, objection being made.
The quest ion is on agreeing to the report of the
committee of conference on House bill No. 737.
Mr. WILSON. I think there was something
in the tone of the Senator from Vermont that
neither he nor I have a right to assume in this
body. He is pleased to characterize the bill
reported by the Committee on Military Affairs
of the Senate as a crude measure; and what
is his criticism upon it? Why, this one single
thing, easily corrected: that if a man left the
service of the country on account of sickness
he could not have his bounty beyond the time
he served, while the man who left the service
on account of wounds that were clear and
palpable to anybody could receive his bounty
as though he had served out his entire enlist-
ment. That is all there is in the Senator's
criticism.
Sir, permit mo to say that this bill was
drawn with great care, that it was put into the
hands of four or five men connected with the
Government in the War and in the Navy De-
partments, and I say here to-day that it was a
perfect equalization as far as the Federal Gov-
ernment is concerned; and there is not a sin-
gle section of that bill that is not clear and
plain to the comprehension of all men who
understand how business is done in those
offices—in the War, Navy, and Treasury De-
partments, and what.we intend to accomplish.
I do not measure myself with the Senator from
Vermont in regard to a knowledge of public
opinion, although I have lived quite as long as
that Senator, and looked in the faces of quite
as inany^ thousand men as himself. He may
be right in this matter ; I hope he is; hut ac-
cording to my poor comprehension, there is
not a press in the country hostile to the meas-
ures of Congress- and there are many presses
that are hostile both to the measures and to
the men, whether that hostility comes from
one cause or another—that will not from the
day this Congress adjourns till we meet again
hold up before the country, and thereby en-
deavor to affeet the public judgment, the fact
that this Congress increases the compensation
of its employ6s and its own and casts ouf en-
tirely all measures to give bounty to the sol-
diers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We have not given any
bounty to ourselves, have we?
Mr. WILSON. No; but we have given in-
creased compensation.
Mr. HENDERSON. One Senator is re-
duced $2,000.
Mr. WILSON. And his mileage ought to
have been reduced long ago.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do you call that an
increase?
Mr. WILSON. It is an increase generally.
Some of the Pacific members do not get an
increase, and I think, considering how long
they have enjoyed the great privilege of the
mileage, they ought to bear it well. I want
this matter corrected now before we part.
Then let this bill go to another conference
committee and let the committee strike our
increased compensation out of it or put a
bounty provision into it. — • ''
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot do either.
Mr. WILSON. _ I do not agree with the
Senator from Maine. I know we can put a
bounty provision into it, and I hope we shall
do so yet. I look to the House. If I could do
no better I would take the House bill, which
is an unequal measure, because it professes to
be an equalization of bounties when it departs
from the equal basis of calculation—the boun-
ties paid by the Federal Government—and
undertakes to deduct what was paid by the
States and the local authorities. There is no
equalization in that. Instead of eight and a
third dollars a month, which is a perfect and
absolute equalization on the part of the Fed-
eral Government, being the basis, it must be
at least twenty dollars a moitfh, and you would
have to pay proportionately.
But, sir, I would rather take that than get
nothing. It would not cost fifty millions alto-
gether. I have been accused of acting improp-
erly because I tried to get the measure put on
this appropriation bill. I tried day after day
to get up the bounty bill as a separate meas-
ure ; I had it made a special order on three
several occasions. After my amendment was
voted down to this very bill I tried to get up
the House bounty bill with the view "of offer-
ing an amendment to it. which would give to
every soldier who enlisted for $100 bounty and
no more,'which includes the men enlisted from
April, 1801, to October 17, 18G3, an additional
S100. About eleven hundred thousand men
thus enlisted, and to those of them who com-
plied with the law and the regulations of the
Department and have received their $100 I
would give another $100, not as an equaliza-
tion but as an adjustment on the ground of
equity. 'That would take from sixty-five to
seventy millions; there is no mistaking what
that would take.
I shall vote against concurrence in this report
in the hope that the bill will go back to this
or some other committee, and that this matter
will be changed; and if the Senate does not
do it, I confidently hope the House will. Re-
ject this report; send it to the same or another
committee, and let the committee modify the
Senate amendment put on the bill by the House
by the amendment I have prepared, and which
I hi tend to move as an amendment to the House
bill if I can get it up, and I intend to ask the
Senate to do so as soon as this report is acted
upon.
This amendment provides—
That to cadi and every soldier who enlisted into
tho Army of tile United States from tho U.'i.U day of
April, 18ul, to tho 17th of October, 1863, for a peiiod
of not less than two year?, and lias been honorably
ai^etiar^cd tiierefroui, and who has received, or is
cnlitxou to roeuivo, fVom tho United States, undfrox-
istnig laws, a bounty of $1U0, and no more, skull bo
