Till CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
©ent whiefh wqs to be the permanent civil gov-
ernment of a State in this Union, a j®,rt and
parcel of the Union.
I do not know where you find anything in the
Constitution of the United States to require that
a .State shall pass a constitutional amendment
of any kind. I do not know how you get it
constitutionally, I do know that he could not
do it to a State that had not been outside of the
Union; no man would attempt it there. There
is evidently, therefore, a broad distinction made
by the President between a State outside of the
Union and a State inside. Neither the Presi-
dent, nor any Senator upon this floor, nor any
statesman in the nation, would have thought of
prescribing any of these conditions to a State
which had never been out of the Union.
Why, then, did the President impose these
conditions on the seccdcd States ? Because they
are Out of the Union, and therefore he was right
in demanding conditions. I say he lias done
well, so far as he has gone. I want him now,
as I said before, to put the keystone in the arch,
to invoke the loyal people in the South, those
who have stood by us through evil report and
through good report, whom you can trust, on
whom you can rely to-day, to-morrow, and for-
ever, as an offset to the traitors that you pro-
pose to let in. I want to counterbalance them,
for I dare not trust them alone. I say there is
no more constitutional difficulty in the way of
acqomplishing this result than there is in the
way of any condition that the President lias
enjoined onthatpeople. Tliey allstandupon the
same principle precisely; and 1 wonder that
any statesman or lawyer can contend that the
President might impose the important radical
conditions that he has insisted upon, and rightly
insisted upon, as conditions precedent to the
organization and admission of these States, arid
stop there. If he can do what he has done,
he can do anything else that,is necessary to
effect the purpose, to bring those States back
into the Union.
There is no great difference in principle be-
tween what he has done and what I want him
to do. He is right as far as he has gone ; and
now I want him to make what lias been done
secure by placing this great question where it
must be placed before it will rest in peace, and
that is. as I said before, 011 the rock of eternal
justice and truth. I hope tl\e nation will be
agitated as by an earthquake until she shall bo
ready to do right. 1 know she will finally get
down to this rock. You may I mild upon the
sand, but the human mind will not rest upon
such a foundation, ft never has rcsl ed upon it.
"We have progressed from one point to another
until I think we are about stepping upon the
rock, and then this controversy will cease and
we shall be at rest.
Again, sir, I deny that the organization of
these State governments in the South has begun
at the right end so far. 1 contended during the
last Congress that, flic President had no right,
by military "Order NTo. :>7, or any other military
Order, to organize a Stale government any-
where. Our Government must be a Govern-
ment of the people. In this country you can-
notforeea Governmentupon anybody. It might,
be very convenient if we could. A despotic
Government may do it with perfect case. 'When
Russia conquers Poland she may trample her
under foot, because armed with despotic, irre-
sponsible power. When we conquer a people
we must deal with them within the pale of the
Constitution, in analogy to the great principles
of our glorious free Government. If a people
conquered by us are so perverse, if they have
been educated and stimulated by liate for gen-
erations, so that they cannot act with us now,
you cannot make republican government out of
such material. You are beginning at the wrong
end.
Who has asked the President and Congress
to establish civil government in the South? flow
can Democrats contend that a people shall be
bound by an organization emanating from the
ccnter? That is not the place for it to origi-
nate. These people must be held under mili-
tary subjugation (though an equitable one I
would contend for) until they themselves shall
see that the time has come when they can act
in accordance with the old Constitution and
Government of the United States. They have
not come to that yet, and nobody is surprised
that they have not. Do you suppose that in a
moment the temper and disposition of men
who breathed fire and wrath against you for
four long years, and murdered three hundred
thousand of your bravest sons, and committed
all the atrocities to which I have alluded, have
been so changed that they will ask to be taken
back into that Government which they had in-
voked foreign despotisms to overthrow, and to
destroy which they had hazarded their lives and
fortunes ?
I know that the southern people will come
back. I know-it is as much for their interest,
and infinitely more for their interest,than it is for
ours. We all have a pride in the whole nation ;
as the Senator from Wisconsin said, we will
never consent to lose a single star from the old
flag; but when we repair this breach, I want it to
be done by the people of the South becoming
convinced that it is for their interest, and telling
us "we are sick of war; wc are sick of contend-
ing against the power of the United States; and
we ask and petition Congress now to permit us
to organize a State government in accordance
with the Constitution of the United States, and
wo are ready to back up our petition by majori-
ties in the State, uncontrolled by the Army, un-
influenced by anything except the will and wish
of the people to get back into the old fold from
which they had strayed.'' I know that they will
come in due time, but you cannot force it.
What I wish to inculcate and insist upon is
the utter absurdity of supposing that a demo-
cratic people can force another people to join
them and comply with the forms of the Govern-
ment when their hearts are at variance with it.
The old maxim was that one man could lead a
horse io water, but, ten men could not make him
drink. You cannot make a people drink in de-
mocracy until they are ready for it. You may
give them the forms, but they are all idle cere-
monies unless they are imbued with the spirit.
Govern them justly by the strong arm of the
nation until such time as they themselves shall
have had an opportunity to reflect, to cool off, to
become willing that a State government should
be revived over them, when they see their in-
terest plainly in that direction. When that is
done there is 110 doubt they will come asking
to be allowed to have a State government, some
sooner, some later.
Time is a great element in all such cases, and
he is a most unreasonable man who expects that
in the twinkling of an eye you can make a peo-
ple cordially cooperate in this free Government
who the day before were endeavoring to over-
throw it; and until the people themselves can
agree to it, it is vain and idle, and worse, to
contend that you can force them into this Gov-
ernment by this hot-house operation, and in-
duce them to harmonize with you. 'They will
come back in due time no doubt, and no man
wi'l rejoice more than T shall when that time
shall come: and 1 can tell you when it will come.
Leave them to themselves : do not send your
gueat officers down there to persuade them ; do
not leave your conqueror with arms in his hands
to say to them " Come up and make such and
sucb a constitution, and come into the Union
with it." That is not the way ; but govern them
equitably until it is shown by their petitions,
by their speeches, by their actions, which no-
body can mistake, that the {Treat heart of that
people has relented and repented of the crimes
they have committed, and that they ai-e willing
and anxious to come back to the Union as the
ark of their safety, and there lodge aud travel
and act with us.
Sir, I shall look as anxiously as any other
man to see that there is this repentance, this
temper and disposition that will enable us when
they ask it to say to them, "You shall have tjie
right hand of fellowship, you shall stand on as
high ground as you ever stood on before;" but
I can never consent that a government shall
be organized from this central point to bring
States into the Union. You can bring them in
by the Army of the United States; you can
force them to go through the form of' making
a State government and send their delegates
here; but would that be a republican govern-
ment? Would it be a democracy? Would it
be a government having its authority in the con-
sent of the people, such as our great Declara-
tion'of Independence calls for?
ill". President, the great panacea for all our
difficulties is to throw our prejudices to the
winds and come up and do justice. Look at
your old Declaration of Independence; a docu-
ment which has notits equal; a document which
in sublimity, in usefulness, and in enlighten-
ment to the human mind, excels any that has
ever been promulgated among men. I am amazed
that nearly a century has gone by since that
great Declaration was given-to mankind, and
yet the mass of our Senators have not reached
the sublime position in which our forefathers in
that darker period stood. They knew full well
that the Government they were founding could
rest upon nothing else than the great~basis of
eternal, equal right and justice. I revere that
Declaration because it came from their hands,
but I revere it more because I know that it came
from the hand of the Almighty. It is the will
of God that no nation can prosper or rest in
peace until it builds upon this foundation. I am
for giving all the rights guarantied in that Dec-
laration to all men, and especially to those who
aided me in trouble, who aided me in securing
to myself and posterity those groat rights that
we had all inherited, when they were placed in
jeopardy by the accursed traitors whom you look
upon with such lenity.
I do not wish to say much in answer to what
has been said about the pardoning of rebels.
That system of pardoning does not meet my ap-
probation to the extent that it has gone. I never
would pardon the wretch who, after having taken
an oath to support the Go vernm ent of the United
States which educated him aud gave him a high
and honorable position among his fellows in
order that he might stand by the Government in
time of trouble, sneaked away and perjured his
soulto God and resigned himself to treason. If I
spared his life, it would be all he could have at
my hands. Invite such a wretch as that into
your Government anywhere! ' Sir, this mawk-
ish tenderness to traitors is treason to the State.
To the mass of the people of the South I would,
of course, grant an amnesty ; but the great lead-
ers of this rebellion who led them on to destruc-
tion cannot have my pardon here, and I-do not
know that they will hereafter. If there is ail
unpardonable sin, the wretches who stood as the
guardians ftf this great and glorious and equi-
table nation, and for selfish purposes turned
around and sought its destruction, have com-
mitted it, and they never should be pardoned.
Bui. Mr. Piesident, I stand by my friends;
I stand by my pledges. The colored popula-
tion of this country, four millions in number,
are not to be ignored by the speeches of gen-
tlemen nor the voles of this Senate. If yon
could do so, you would create another oligarchy;
for when you cut off from the right to partici-
pate in a free Government four millions of its
people, more than one third of the entire pop-
ulation of the seceded States, when you cut
them off from this great democratic right, you
fix a. stigma rrjion them that cannot be wiped
out; it will have a bearing infinitely beyond the
influence in the Government that their votes
will confer; you will have trampled them under
foot forever with the mark of Cain upon them ;
and that will be your return for their brave and
able defense of your institutions in time of peril.
Sir, I will stand by them forever. As I have
already said, my manhood, my honor, my senso
of justice, and my policy as a member of a free
Government all conduce to the same end, to
make me stand firmly and forever by the rights
of these four million people. So far as my
voice can go they shall stand upon the same
basis that I myself stand on. I despise, with a
contempt, that I cannot name, the man who will
. contend for rights for himself that, he will not
!! award to everybody else. What I claim for
