2320
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
could not have existed for the last few, years
but for the product-ions of the food-producing
States of this country.
Sir, the tonnage of the Erie canal alone
amounted to more than the total tonnage trans-
ported to and from the United Slates for the
years 1862 and 1863. The five States of Illi-
nois, Wisconsin, Missouri, Iowa, and Minnesota,
lying west of Chicago, bordering on the Mis-
sissippi and on the lakes, furnished one third in
value of the staples exported during the years
1861, 1862, and 1803. And here I shall take
the liberty of quoting from an address delivered
by a distinguished citizen of my own city, P.
Robb, Esq., before a convention of shippers
and merchants held at Dubuque, which sets
forth in concise terms the value of this com-
merce to our country. He says :
"An examination of the statistic? fully establishes
the additional fact that these live States during the
years 1861,1882, and 1863, shipped Bast one hundred
and fifty percent, more corn and meal, and UvciUyfivo
per cent, more pork products than were exported
from the entire country during the same period.
These States not only supply the expoi I wheat of
the entire country, but also the export corn and pork
products. The contributions, therefore, mode by
Illinois, Wisconsin, Missouri, Minnesota, and Iowa,
to the exports of the United States in these three
leading agricultural staples alone, are as follows:
1880-61. 1861-62. 1862-03.
Wheat $48,958,780 $41,187,118 $35,617,979
Cora and meal  0,887,160 9,609,879 9,628,357
Pork products  4,687,784 10,217,281 16,421,888
Total $60,013,724 $64,017,308 $81,695,674
" Excluding gold, silver, and bullion, which are
hardly analogous to other products, and the entiro
exports of domestic products of the United States
amounted in 1860-61 to $217,666,953; in 1861-62 to
$190,699,387; and in 1862-63 to $260,666,110.
"The average exports of the country for the three
years was $222,874,183 33, and the average exports
which these live States contributed in wheat, corn,
and pork alone was $68,575,568 66, or very nearly one
third.
" In 1861, 1862, and 1863, tho averageyoarly tonnago
of all American vessels engaged in trans-oceanic
commerce and entering the ports of the United States
was 2,561,257 tons, and tho average tonnage of all the
vessels of all countries engaged in occamc commerce
and entering tlie ports of tho United States was
5.341,867 tons. Now, the throe staples contributed by
thesclivc upper Mississippi States to our exports were
equivalent to 1,315,000 tons annually. They, there-
fore, not only contributed one third in \Mluo to our
entire exports, but gave employment upon the ocean
to more than one half of all our American tonnage,
which was equivalent to one fourth of all the tonnage
of all nations, our own included, entering the United
States and engaged in the trans-oceanic commerce.
History cannot furnish a parallel. But for tho re! ief
afforded by tho productive industry of this section
our national crcdit would have been seriously im-
paired, and ships must have rotted at their wharves."
1 regret, Mr. Speaker, that I have not the
time to quote more largely from this address,
which is in itself a complete argument on this
subject.
Is it possible that those who organized our
Government intended to confine the power to
regulate commerce to that only which apper-
tains to our intercourse with foreign nations,
a power the most important in its creation and
most extensive in its operation which can be-
long to any Government? Is it not certain that
they intended to remove this power from the
disjointed and conflicting legislation of the
States and place it under the auspices of a
united and efficient Government, a power to
be largely, liberally, and beneficially construed
in furtherance of the great objects of Govern-
ment, to be exercised prudently and wiselj' by
the Congress of the United States, and to
operate as well within the several States as
upon our foreign commerce?
We are _ imperatively called upon now to
exercise this power in behalf of the agricul-
tural interest of ttie country in order to fur-
nish competing lines for the transportation of
their products, so that the corn of the prairies
may reach New England and the East where
it is needed for consumption and exportation,
instead of being burned as now for fuel. We
want these improvements to encourage the
development of the great West, so that the
food-consuming States may have cheap bread
and the farmer may receive an adequate re-
ward for his toil.
And inasmuch as this bill has a tendency to
dimmish the cost of transportation by creating
a, competing! line- of communication, it will
receive the support of the people of the west-
ern States and the sanction of their Repre-
sentatives.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. J. M.
Humphrey] finds fault with this measure be-
cause he can find in the Constitution of the
United States no power to pass it; but if he
will refer to the measures that have been at
various times before Congress he will see that
it has become the uniform policy of the Gov-
ernment to engage in these great works of
internal improvement. There has scarcely
been a Congress that has not in some form or
another recognized this principle in our legis-
lation. But the gentleman from New York
[Mr. J. M. Humphrey] objects to this meas-
ure because it is within the State of New York
alone, because it does not conncct any two
States, but the whole of the proposed improve-
ment is necessarily in the State of New York.
He seems to forget that it unites by water com-
munication the great chain of lakes which float
the commerce of many States and opens a
direct communication with the ocean that bears
upon its bosom the commerce of the world.
Now, I think this bill finds its sanction in
many provisions of the Constitution, as in the
power "to. regulate commerce with foreign
nations and among the several States"to
declare war," ''to raise and support armies,"
"and provide for the common defense," "to
provide and maintain a navy," &c. It is
admitted that this measure will be one of
necessity for the protection and defense of our
northern lakes should we come in conflict
with England.
But the gentleman says we are not likely to
have a war with that country. Why, sir, upon
the principle ho advocates we cannot cast a
cannon nor build a fortification in time of peace,
because it is not necessary except as a war
measure. We could not build a ship for the
protection of our commercial marine because
we are not engaged in war. I believe the true
policy of the Government is, in time of peace
to prepare for war. Therefore it is that what-
ever is necessary to control a«d protect the
commerce of our great northwestern lakes and
the States bordering upon them as a war meas-
ure, the Congress of the United States certainly
has power to adopt, and it is the sole judge of
the exigency which shall call for tho exercise
of that power.
Bat another objection of the gentleman is
that it interferes with the proper loeal jurisdic-
tion of the State of New York. The gentle-
man from New York will bear in mind that we
are constantly interfering with the local juris-
diction of the States. We have done it in a
marked instance in the passage of a national
banking law whereby we controlled themoney ed
interest and power of this country by the crea-
tion of national banks. By the operations of
that act in the State of Iowa, which I have the
honor in part to represent, a State bank sys-
tem has been utterly destroyed. Under tho
constitution of that State a charter organizing
a general banking system in that State must be
submitted to a vote of the people, and we had
a system there which had been thus submitted
and passed upon favorably ; and yet, under the
national banking law, our State bank system
has been utterly ignored and driven out of
existence, and without the consent of the State
Legislature. A national system has been es-
tablished there in violation of our State policy.
So that we do interfere with the local policy
of States by our legislation here, and we have
the constitutional power to interfere when it is
necessary for the general interests of the Gov-
ernment, or to carry out specific powers granted
in the Constitution.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGliltSOLL. I will yield five minutes
of my time to the gentleman from Iowa to con-
clude his remarks.
Mr. ALLISON. I am certainly much obliged
to the gentleman from Illinois. I desire to say
one thing with reference to the policy of the
State of New York on this sutjject of canals. I
say that the policy which that State has adopted
is sufficient in itself to justify the Congress of
the United States in interfering with it by the
adoption of this measure.
I hold in my hand the Proceedings of the
Canal Board of New York, wherein they report
to the Legislature of that State that this Erie
canal, which the gentleman says cost §100,000,-
000, instead of being a charge., has actually been
a benefit to that State, and has placed in its
treasury $9,000,000 over and_ above the money-
expended for the construction of the work,
nearly all of which was levied as a contribution
upon the grain-producing States of the West.
And yet the State of New York proposes now,
by its interference here, to prevent the western
States from transporting their cereals across
that State unless they pay tribute to that State
in the way of tolls such as it may see proper to
impose; and it is for that reason and to estab-
lish a competing line of transit that this meas-
ure is proposed, for the purpose of depriving
them of this monopoly of transportation between
the lakes and the sea.
I know, also, that the gentleman from New
York, [Mr. J. M. Humphrey,] when a member
of the New York Senate, introduced a bill
for the purpose of enlarging the Erie canal,
showing that he believed at that time, as every
one hut him now believes, that we do need
additional facilities by which the cereals of
the western States can be transported to the
city of Now York and to the markets of the
East. How did he propose to enlarge that
canal? He proposed to do it by means of
locks, which were to pass vessels of six hun-
dred tons burden, and to levy upon the com-
merce of the western States seventy cents on
every ton transported through that canal, in
addition to the tolls levied by the State of New
York upon its own citizens to pay for its con-
struction and enlargement.
Now, the very fact that it has been the policy
of the State of New York to compel the prod-
uce of the W est to pass through the Erie canal
or over her railroads, in order that she may
control at will the commerce of the western
States, and levy tolls upon that commerce, is
in itself a just reason why we should interfere
and pass this measure, in order that Congress
may have control over this national highway,
connecting the lower with the upper lakes,
and thus connecting the lakes with the ocean,
which thus far has been to us an unknown sea.
And in order to keep this question of tolls
within the power and control of Congress, I
offered the amendment to the twenty-third
section of the bill, giving this control to Con-
gress, in order that we may not escape from the
rapacious jaws of one class of monopolies to be
swallowed up by the voracious maw of another;
and in the hope that this'competing highway
may be used to chcapen transportation upon
all the great lines eastward upon which we now
depend to carry off our surplus productions,
and in some degree to meet the growing wants
and expectations of an industrious, intelligent,
and virtuous population, now numbering mil-
lions, who have cast their lot west of the great
lakes and in the valley of the Mississippi. And
here I wish to express the thanks of that peo-
ple to the honorable member from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Banks,] who spoke so eloquently
on Saturday of the growing wants of this great
nation, and to his colleague, [Mr. Eliot,] for
his earnest, persistent, and successful effort to
improve the great river upon which we must
largely depend hereafter for the transportation
of our products.
Mr. Speaker, if wo would keep pace with
the growing civilization of the age in which we
live, we must foster and encourage our inter-
nal commerce, by opening up new avenues,
and improving the natural highways which
Providence has carved out for us, and thus
encourage every branch of our varied industry,
and enable us with ease to meet the great
responsibilities and burdens imposed upon us
by the rebellion and war through which we
have passed, and from which we have so tri-
umphantly emerged. This improvement ig
