1360
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marc^l3,
vious action, and the^ question of population
has nothing to do, as it seems to. m e, with our
votes on the present occasion; we are bound
by our action on that question.
Mr. HENDRICKS. As the Senator-ap-
pealed to me to know whether, in my judgment,
Congress, under the circumstances, was not
bound to admit Colorado as a State, I say most
decidedly, in my judgment, that neither m law
nor equity is Congress bound under the circum-
stances. If the people of the Territory had
acted linder the law, complied with its pro-
visions, then, indeed, they would have been
admitted, because it would have been the duty
of the President to admit them. That law never
contemplated that the case would again come be-
fore Congress, but that it should go to the Presi-
dent, and as an executive act that he should
declare the admission. But instead of pursu-
ing the course pointed out by the statute they
rejected the constitution that was presented
to the people in accordance with the law, and
then they did not pretend any longer to act
under the law, but the chairman of the central
committees of the political parties of the Terri-
tory called a most irregular election, in no
sense, neither in law nor in equity, in accord-
ance with the statute. Would the Senator vote
for a bill authorizing an election of delegates
to a convention such as took place in Colorado ?
Would the Senator, by a bill of Congress,
authorize the people of the Territory to select
their delegates in the manner in which they
did select them?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, ! will
reply to all these suggestions. They involve
. another branch of the subject. I am now re-
plying to tho objection 011 the score of popula-
tion. I say that on that subject Congress is
committed; and having decided that, they had
population enough to form a State government,
it, is bad faith now to turn around and reject
them because they have not population enough.
That is-my point; that is the point on which I
appealed to tlie sense of justice of the? Senator
from Indiana. The question of population is
the point thai is made here; that is the point
the Senator from Iowa made, and that is the
poinl on which Senators are placing their op-
position. 1 say that it is bad faith on that
ground to reject Colorado.
Now, lot us see if there is any other ground
011 which it is to be rejected. Did you reject
Nevada? The enabling act for Nevada, under
which the people, of that Territory acted, was
very similar to the one under which the people
of Colorado have formed their State govern-
ment, but if 1 rccollect aright the first action
in Nevada was to vote down their constitution.
Tho firs! constitution made under the enabling
act in Nevada was voted down by the people.
Mr. WADM. Not the constitution made
under the enabling act.
Mr. STKWART. There was a convention
called by the Legislature to form a constitution,
and that constitution was voted down. Con-
gress then passed an enabling act and another
constitution was funned.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 knew there had been
two elections, but one was before the enabling
act. it seems. Now, lot us inquire into the
technical objections that were made to the ad-
mission of Colorado. I admit that the law has
not been technically complied with. That is
what the President, says, in communicating this
constitution to Congress, lie says he will not
issue the proclamation because the enabling
act has not been technically complied with.
Now, what was the enabling act? it required
the vote to be taken some time in tho spring
of 180-'). Instead of being taken in tho spring
of 1865, it was taken in the fall. Is there any
importance in that? It directed the Governor
to apportion representation throughout the
Territory. Instead of the Governor apportion-
ing the representation, it was done by the co-
operation of all parties.
Mr. FESSENDEN. An outside thing.
Sr. TRUMBULL. Yes, an outside thing.
The political parties, through their executive
committees, got together and agreed upon it,
and all the people submitted to it. Now, what
is the substance of the thing? The substance
of the thing is to know whether the people of
Colorado have got together and formed a State
constitution in accordance with this enabling
act. If you will look at the State constitution
you will find that all the requirements of the
enabling act are complied with. Everything
in regard to slavery, everything in regard to
public lands, everything in regard to the tol-
eration of religion, everything that was required
as a condition by Congress on the part of the
people of Colorado in the formation of their
State constitution, the people of Colorado have
literally complied with.
But, says the Senator from Indiana, the men
were not properly elected to the convention;
they were not elected in the right way, he thinks.
Is it at all material how they were elected to
the convention, if there was an acquiescence
of the people—and does he doubt that—in the
mode that was adopted? Above all, if their
work was submitted to the people, and they
approved it, would the Senator from Indiana,
or would any of us, higgle for one moment as
to the manner in which a constitution was
formed, if the people adopted it by a direct
vote of their own as their constitution?
Suppose that John Locke had written the
constitution; or suppose that the people of
Colorado were numerous enough to satisfy the
Senator from Indiana; suppose he were satis-
fied there were two hundred thousand people
there to-day, and instead of holding a conven-
tion, tho organs of tho two political parties, if
you please, wore to agree that they would adopt
the constitution of Indiana as their constitu-
tion, simply changing the name of the State so
as to make it, applicable to the people of Colo-
rado as their constitution, 1 ask if he would
then reject their admission into the Union sim-
ply because they had not elected delegates
properly to form the constitution ? The sub-
stance of tho thing is to ascertain whether it is
the work of the people of Colorado. All the
rest is machinery. What we want to know is
the final wish of that people. That we ascer-
tain by their votes; and this work was per-
formed under these circumstances by repre-
sentatives fairly chosen. They have presented
a constitution republican in form, unexception-
able except so far as the Senator from Massa-
chusetts except s to it, because the word " white"
is contained in it; and they were bound to
have it in that way. They could not have it
any other if they complied with the enabling
act, because the enabling act provided that—
"vVll person - qualified by law to vote for represent-
atives to the (ienei-al Assembly of said Territory at
tho date of this act shall bo qualified to be elected,
and are hereby authorized to \ote lor and choose
representatives to lorm a convention
and the law of the Territory at that time did
not allow any but white persons to vote.
But,, says the Senator from Massachusetts,
when wo passed that enabling act we did not
know that everybody did not vote. I should
like to ask tho Senator from Massachusetts if
when he, voted for that enabling act, if he did
vote for it, he had any information that negroes
were allowed to vote. I understand that it is
not true that negroes ever voted there.
Mr. SUMNER. I have evidence to the con-
trary which I will bring out very soon.
Sir. TRUMBULL. It was not understood
that they ever voted there at any time, and in
point of fact they never did vote. Now, in re-
gard to'the population of that Territory, I will
say it is not a question to be considered here;
but as tp the statement of the vote, it is well
enough to be accurate about it. The vote on
tho constitution was considerably less than the
vote for State officers, for some reason, I know
not why. That often happens. It is always
so, some Senator remarks. At the election for
Stite officers, the last election held in Colorado,
more than seven thousand four hundred votes
were polled. If it was right to pass the enabling
act in 1864, and encourage the people of Colo-
rado to form a State government, then I insist
that it is right to admit them now if they have
formed a State government in substantial com-
pliance with the act. They have not complied •
in point of time; they have not pursued the
precise manner; but substantially they, have
complied with the act. They had a delegated
convention; they formed a republican constitu-
tion ; they submitted it to the vote of the peo-
ple; it is certified to by the officers of the
Territory, and it appears that it was adopted by
a majority of'the people. Now, it does seem
to me that good faith requires us to admit them;
and it is on that ground alone that I shall cast
my vote, for if no encouragement had been held
out to the people of Colorado to form a State
government, I agree that I should not vote in
favor of an enabling act, nor would I vote to
admit them as a State, with the population
which I am induced to believe they have, for I
think we should require a larger population.
It seems to me, however, that Congress has
committed itself by its own action, and it is too
late to raise the question of population no_w._
Mr. SUMNER". . The Senator from Ohio in
his remarks said that the population of this
Territory had gradually diminished from 1861
to the present time. In that he was right. In
1861 the voting population was upward of ten
thousand.
Mr. RAMSEY. With the consent of the
Senator from Massachusetts, I should like to
know tho evidence of the reduction ofthe popu-
lation in the Territory of Colorado. There is no
evidence of it. It is perpetually asserted here
by speakers on this question, but there is nc
evidence of it. The presumption is a very
strong one that the population has increased
immensely since 1864, tho date ofthe passage
of the enabling act.
Mr. SUMNEIl. The Senator asks me for
the evidence, and I am ready to give him the
evidence I have, and the Senate shall judge of
its weight. The evidenceis a statement under
his signature of Hon. Henry C. Leach, presi-
dent of the Territorial Council of Colorado
made to me last Sunday.
Mr. RAMSEY. What does Hon. Mr. Leach
know about the population of Colorado? Has.
he had occasion to take a census of it?
Mr. SUMNER. He is a distinguished citi-
zen of Colorado, in high official place.
Mr. TRUMBULL. He guesses at the popu-
lation.
. Mr. SUMNER. No, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator from
Massachusetts will allow me one moment I will
add a very little to the evidence that he has
suggested. In 1861 there was an election in the
Territory of Colorado, and that Territory was
then able to give a vote of 10,580. In Novem-
ber, 1865. upon the most important question
that had ever been submitted to the people,
that is, the question of forming a State govern-
ment and adopting a constitution, they were
able only to gme a vote of 5,895, a little more
than half the vote of 1861.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me to ask how many votes they gave at the
same election for State officers?
Mr. HENDRICKS. At the State election,
I understand, it. was 7,400, or a falling off in a
vote of 3.000 and more from 1861.
Mr. GRIMES. Will the Senator from Illi-
nois suffer me to ask him how much larger a
vote was given at Denver at the State election
than was given at the preceding election two
months before? And will he further tell me
how many of those votes it was admitted on all
hands were fraudulent at the State election?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no evidence on
either point. I do not know how many were
given at Denver at either time. The evidence
I have is such as comes in an official form, and
I have 110 knowledge about any frauds. If
tho Senator from Iowa has, that would present
another question. I am not advised in refer-
ence to any.
Mr. SUMNER. I was observing that the
population had been decreasing from 1861 to
the present time, when I was interrupted and
asked the evidence of that. I believe we have
been a little at cross-purposes since. I may
have said the population was ten thousand and
