1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m:
myself or my children, politically, I will award
to every member of this Government, and with
more scrupulous guardianship to him who is
weak and unintluential than to him who is pow-
erful and able to defend himself.
Sir, these are the sentiments that will govern
me. I do not wish to continue these desultory
remarks. I thought that the elaborate speeches
manufactured upon this subject, and the long
orations pronounced over it, without suggesting
the clearing of the path from any of the diffi-
culties that must occur to everybody, were cal-
culated rather to mislead than anything else ;
and hence I wished to point out the difficulties
that I have encountered all the while since the
discussion has been up. I say once more that
whenever the southern States can give me evi-
dence that it is safe to withdraw our troops from
that quarter, that they will conform to the prin-
ciples of the Government, that it will be safe
to admit them into our counsels, 1 shall be first
and foremost to go with him who is for letting
them in; but. sir, I, for one, will never consent
to let unwashed traitors, dyed in the blood of
our dearest friends, participate in the councils
of the Government that they have endeavored
to overthrow.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the further
consideration of this subject and all other or-
ders be postponed, and that the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. GO.
Mr. STEWART. I hope the Senator will
give way for a short time, 1 wish to make a
few remarks in reply to the Senator from Ohio.
I shall not occupy ten minutes.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If I supposed that would
be the end of it, I would give way; but this
bill to which I desire to call the attention of the
Senate has been for nearly a week upon your
table ready to bo acted upon. It is a bill from
one of your committees 
Mr. STEWART. What bill?
Air. TRUMBULL. The bill to enlarge the
powers of the Frcedmen's Bureau; and a dis-
cussion is continued here first upon one 
Mr. STEWART. I withdraw my request,
and will make my remarks upon that bill when
it is called up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Very well. I hope that
the Senate will sustain the motion that 1 make,
and that when that bill shall be callcd up they
will also sustain the effort i shall make to keep
it before the Senate until it shall receive its
final action.
The mgtion was agreed to.
FRANKING I'lllVILl'M 10 TO MISS. LTNCOLN.
Mr. SUMNER. With the permission of the
Senator from Illinois, 1 ask lea\ e (o introduce
a bill of which no pievious notice has been
given.
Jjy unanimous consent, leave was granted to
introduce a bill (S. No. 80) granting the frank-
ing privilege to Mary IJncolu ; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. SUMNER. In drawing this bill I have
followed precisely the precedent in the ease of
the widow of John Quincy Adams, and 1 hope
the Senate will consent to allow the bill to be
put on its passage.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will it displace the bill
now before the Senate ?
Mr. SUMNER. No; not at all. I ask that
it be put upon its passage.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill, which provides that all letters and
packets carried by post to and from Mary Lin-
coln, widow of the late Abraham Lincoln, shall
be conveyed free of postage during her natural !
life.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
FRKEDJIEN'S BCllEAU.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of ijic bill (S. No. (SO) j
to enlarge the pow ers of the F) eedinen's Bureau. :
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, 1 desire to I
make a few remarks in reply to the Senator from
Ohio, and this bill being before the Senate calls
up the precise question upon which I desire to
occupy the attention of the Senate for a moment
upon the subject discussed by the Senator from
Ohio. Without attempting to make a speech,
I wish to remark that here is a practical meas-
ure before the Senate for the benefit of the freed-
man, carrying out the constitutional provision
to protect him in his civil rights. I am in favor of
this bill. It goes to the utmost extent that 1 think
we are entitled to go under the constitutional
amendment. There is another bill introduced
by the Senator from Illinois which must go along
with it, which provides civil jurisdiction for the
protection of the freedman. Under this con-
stitutional amendment we can protect the freed-
man and accomplish something for his real
benefit.
I was accused by the Senator from Ohio of
having sympathy for the southern white people.
I have never expressed that sympathy in this
Hall, but I now confess that I have sympathy
for the masses of white people of the South. I
have sympathy for the women and children
who have been suffering under this tremendous
war. I have sympathy even for those who
have committed these crimes and made the
nation mourn. Our duty to punish criminals
docs not deny us the light to sympathize. I
have sympathy for erring humanity always, on
all occasions; and, since I am charged with
having sympathy for the South, without over
having expressed it, 1 take this early oppor-
tunity to express it. I have also sympathy for
the widows and orphans of the North that have
been bereaved by this teniblo contest, who are
forgotten in our efforts for the negro. 1 have
sympathy for the poor negro who is left in a
destitute and helpless condition. I am anxious
to enter upon any practical legislation that shall
help all classes and all sufferers, without regard
to color—the white as well as the black.
So tar as this question of negro suffrage is
concerned, 1 say it stands upon a different basis
from the other propositions discussed by the
gentleman, and the other positions assumed by
the President. I do not believe that we must
airive at the conclusion that there mustbeuni-
veisal suffrage throughout the South, without
regard to color, before we can organize those
States. This is the only issue between us now.
If this question were out of the way, we could
settle everything else in two weeks, at least
so far as a portion of the southern States are
concerned, and we could receive such soul,hern
representatives that are loyal, and none other.
As the Sena! or from Ohio has said, there would
be no difficulty in agreeing upon everything else,
if it were not for the question of negro suffrage
in the South. We may as well meet the issue
here and understand each other. 'This is the
issue—the onlv issue before the country. We
all want the Union; we all want the Constitu-
tion ; we all want to see each State enjoying the
blessings of that Union and Constitution alike;
but there are some who are determined to sac-
rifice the Union and the Constitution unless they
can achieve the right of suffrage tor the negro.
In order to ascertain whether this question
stands upon a different "basis from the other
conditions made by the President in reorgan-
izing the southern States, it is only necessary
to ascertain what was tin1 verdict of the war.
The President, undoubtedly, under the war
power, had a right to demand of the people of
the South a compliance with that verdict. It
is universally conceded that the conqueror has
the right to demand the issue decided in his
favor, to claim the verdict for himself upon all
the issues of the war. Anything further than
that has been always, during all ages, regarded
as an outrage against law and humanity. \\ hen
other conditions have been imposed upon a
fallen people, no matter whether it was a do-
mestic or a foreign foe, than those that were
involved in the contest; when the conqueror,
after he has been victorious, has imposed new
conditions and new icstrictions because he has
the power to do so, it has been charged as
cruelty, and it has been universally regarded as
unjust. Now, in order to know what the Presi-
dent should do under the war power, in making
peace, it is necessary for us to determine what
the verdict of the war was.
AYhen this war commenced the only issue pre-
sented tothe country by the leaders of the Union
organization was the Union of the States. That
was the first step. No other issbe was Chen
placed before the country. I, for one,embraced
that issue. I did all I could in-my humblespfaere
to encourage and aid in vindicating that issue.
The union of the States we resolved must be
maintained in its full integrity at all hazards. ■ I
advocated from the very first hour the vigorous
prosecution of the war, as all loyal men did, un-
der this motto of the Union. We commenced
to force the southern people to obey the Consti-
tution. We said they had no right to secede.
That was the first proposition.
In the progress of the war it was ascertained
that the negro had become an element of
strength to the South; that they were using liitn.
as a war power; they were using him in their
trenches; they were using him to raise pro-
visions for their army; and it became neces-
sary and proper that that war power should be
taken from the South ; and President Lincoln,
patriotically and properly, thank God, had the
boldness to issue his proclamation and strike
a blow at that war power. We then declared,
and the nation's honor was then pledged, that
we would maintain for the negro his freedom.
Then the issue became the Union and the free-
dom of the negro. Those propositions then
became involved in the war, the issue that was
being tried, and which was to be tested by the
result of battle.
Was anything else put in the issue then but
the union of the Stales, submission to the laws,
and the abolition of slavery? The war termi-
nated without any new issues that I am aware
of being involved in it. Was the issue of negro
suffrage ever involved? Was it involved by
the emancipation proclamation? Was it in-
volved by any resolution of Congress? Was
it involved by the constitutional amendment?
If you intended that it should be involved wlien
von parsed the constitutional amendment abol-
ishing slavery, why did you not incorporate it
in that measure?
The South fell; their arms were taken from
them ; they were compelled to submit to the
laws. Then what did President Johnson do?
He did what he was bound to do ; he carried
ont, literally, the verdict of the war. He had
a right to claim that, because that had been the
issue, and it had been decided by a higher tri-
bunal than Congress—the highest tribunal to
which man can resort—arms. The verdict was
then made, and if he had not carried out that
verdict, if he had not demanded everything that
was included within that verdict, he would have
been recreant to the principles of the Constitu-
tion and to his oath of office. How did he find
the South? Congress was not in session. He
found the South in a condition needing govern-
ment. He said to them, in effect, "Eellow-
citizcns, you are conquered ; yon made several
issues with us, and it has been decided that you
shall stay in the Union; you must abandon
secession forever, for that is the verdict of Con-
gress ; that is the verdict of the war; that is
the verdict of every instrument of authority
under which 1 act; and under my authority to
execute the laws, and as Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy, I require of you to
repudiate secession.
Was there anything more required? Yes;
the President by a proclamation, which procla-
mation had been sanctioned by Congress, had
abolished slavery, the constitutional amend-
ment not having become a law at that time ; yet,
that was a part of the issue of the war, and con-
sequently he required that they should abolish
slavery; and then he said, 111 invite you, fellow-
citizens, to etimply with this vcrdict; it. is plain;
the world understands it: organize your State
governments and apply to Congress for repre-
sentation there.'1 Some of those States having
