1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3281
collector or deputy collector shall be located, and
where cotton may be brought for the purpose of
being weighed and appropriately marked: Provided,
That it shall bo the duty of the assessor or assistant
assessor and the collcetor or deputy collcctor to
assess and cause to be properly maiked the cotton
wherever it may be in said distnet, provided their
necessary traveling expenses to and from said desig-
nated place, for thatpurpose, be paid by the owners
thereof.
The Committee oil Finance proposed no
amendment to this section.
The Secretary read the fourth section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. •£. And be it further enacted, That all cotton
having been weighed and marked as herein provided,
and for which permits shall have been duly obtained
of the assessor, may be removed from the district in
which it has been produced to any one other district,
•without prepayment of the tax due thereon, upon
the execution of such transportation bonds or other
security and in accordance with such regulations as
shall bo proscribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, subject to the approval of the Secretary of
the Treasury. The said cotton so removed shall be
dolivcied to the eollcctor "of internal levenue or his
deputy forthwith upon its arrival at its point of des-
tination, and shall remain subject to his control until
the taxes thereon, and any necessary charges of cus-
tody theieof, Miall h<i\ c been paid, but nothing
herein contained tdmllauthorr/oany delay of the pay-
ment of said taxes for more than ninety days from
the date ol the permits; and when cotton shall have
been weighed and marked for which a permit shall
have been granted without prepayment of the tax,
it shall be the duty of the assessor granting such per-
mit to "give immediate notice of such permit to the
collector of internal revenue for the district to which
said cotton is to be transported, and he shall also
transmit therewith a statement ol the taxes due
thereon, and of the bonds or other securities tor the
payment thereof, and he shall make full returns and
statements of the samo to the Commissioner of Inter-
nal lievenue.
The Committee on Finance proposed no
amendment to this section.
The Secretary read the fifth section of the
bill, as follow ft :
Snc. «r>. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
unlawtu! from and after tHo 1st day of September,
for the owner, master, supeieargo, agent, or
other person having chaiire of any vessel, or lor any
raihu.ul company, or other trans-poi tation company,
or tor any common earner, or other person, to con-
vey, or attempt to convey, or transport any cotton—
the growth or produce of the United states—from
any point in the district in which it shall have been
produced, unless each bale or package thereof shall
nave attached to or accompanying it the proper marks
or evidence of the payment of the revenue tax and a
permit of the collector for such removal, or the permit
of the assessor, as hereinbefore provided, under regu-
lations of tlio Commissioner of Internal Revenue,
subject to the approval of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, nor to convey or transport any cotton from any
State in whiehcotton is produced to any port or place
in the United States, without a. certificate from the
collector of internal revenue of the district from which
it was brought, and such other evidence as the Sec-
retary of the Treasury may prescribe, that the tax
has been paid theieon, and such certificate and evi-
dence as aforesaid shall be furnished to the collector
of the district to which it is transported, and Ills per-
mit obtained before landing, discharging, or deliv-
ering such cotton at the place to winch it is trans-
ported as aforesaid. And any person or persons who
shall violate the provisions of this act in f hi^ respect
shall be liable to a penalty of $100 for each bale of
cotton so convoyed or transported, or attempted to
be conveyed or transported, or to imprisonment for
not mnio than one ye.tr, or both; and all vessels and
vehicle^ employed in such conveyance or transpor-
tation shall be liable to seizure and forfeiture by
proceedings in any court of the United States having
competent jurisdiction. And all cotton so shipped
or attempted to be shipped or transported bevond
the limits ol the collection district in which it was
produced, without payment of the tax or the execu-
tion of such transportation bonds or other security
as provided in this act, shall be forfeited to the
United States, and the proceeds thereof distributed
according to the statute in like eases provided.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out in tiic fifteenth line, after the word " Treas-
ury," the word "nor" and to insert "or/'
so as to read "or to convey," &e.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That alter-
ation will be made.
The committee further proposed to amend
the section in line nineteen, after the word
"as," by inserting "the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue, subject to the approval of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to amend the
section in line twenty-two, after the word
"thereon," by inserting ''or the permit of
the assessor as hereinbefore provided."
Mr. FESSEXDEN, There is a verbal error
there. After the word "or" in the amend-
ment, I move to insert "without."
39tji Ooxo. 1st Suss.—No. 206.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The amendment, as modified, was adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-nine of
that section, after the word "respect," I move
to insert the words lior who shall convey or
attempt to convey from any State in which
cotton is produced to any port or place with-
out the United Stales, any cotton npon which
the tax has not been paid.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". In lines thirty-six and
thirty-seven the words ''beyond the limits of
the collection district in which it was produced''
should be struck out in order to correspond
with the amendment which was made above.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section of the
bill, as follows:
Si-'C. 6. And be it fu) ther enacted, That upon articles
manufactured exclusively from cotton, when ex-
ported, there shall be allowed, as a drawback, an
amount equal to tho internal lax which tdiall have
been assessed and paid upon such articles in their
finished condition, and in addition thereto a draw-
back or allowance of as many ccuth per pound upon
the pound of cotton cloth, yam, or other articles
manufactured exclusively from cotton and exported,
as shall have been assessed and paid in the form ot
an internal tax upon tho raw cotton entering into
the manufacture of said cloth or other article, the
amount of such allowance or drawbraek to be ascer-
tained in such manner as may be prescribed by tho
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury; and so much
of section one hundred and twenty-one of tho act of
June 30, lStil, to provido internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes, as now pro\ides for a
drawback on manufactured cotton, is hcieby ic-
pealed.
The committee proposed to amend this sec-
tion in lino seven, after tho word "yarn," by
striking out " or other arlicles" and inserting
"thread, or knit fabrics."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the seventh section of
the bill, as follows :
Si,c. 7. And be it further enacted. That it shall be
the duty of every peison, firm, or corporation, man-
ufacturing cotton for any purpose whatever, in any
district where cotton is produced, to return to the
assessor or assistant assessor of the district in which
such manufacture is carried on.a true statement in
writing, signed by him, and veiified by his oath or
athrmaliori, and a duplicate thereof to the collcetoi
of said district, on or before the ll)th day of each
month; and the fust statement so rendered shall be
on or before theluth day of July, 18o(>, and shall state
the quantify of cotton which such manufacturer hud
on hand and unmanufactured, or in process of man-
ufacture, on the 1st day of said month; and each
subsequent statement shall '-how the whole quantity
in pounds, gro«s weight, of cotton purchased or ob-
tained, ami the whole quantity consumed by him in
any business or process of manufacture dining the
lust preceding calendar month,ami the quantify and
character of the goods manufactured therefrom; and
every such manufacturer or consumer shall keep a
book, in which he shall ontei thequantity, in pounds,
of cotton which he has on hand on the 1st day of
July, 18tit), rind each qaantitv or lot purchased or ob-
tained by him thereafter; the time when and the
party or parti"s from whom the same -was obtained ;
thequantity of said cotton, if any, which is thegi owl ii
of the collection distiietwheie the, same is manulac-
timd; the quantity, if any, which has not been
weighed and masked by anv ofliocr herein author-
ized to weijdi and mark the same; the quantity, if
any,upon which the tax had not been paid, so iar as
can bo ascertained, before the manuf'uetmc thereof;
and also the quantities used or disposed of by him
from time to time in any process of manufacture or
otheiTvisc, and the quantity and eh.uaeter of the
product thereof, which book shall, at all lime* dur-
ing business hours, be open to the inspection of the
assessor, assistant assessors, collector or deputy col-
lectors ot the district, inspectors, or of revenue agents;
and such manufacturer shall pay monthly to tlie col-
lector, within the time prescribed by law, the tax
heiein spei died, subject to no deductions, on all cot-
ton so consumed by him in any manufacture, and on
which no excise tax has previouslybe.cn paid; and
every such manufacturer or peison whose duty it is
so to do, who shall neglect or refuse to make such
returns to the assessor, or to keep such book, or who
shall make false or fraudulent returns, or make false
entries m such book, or procure the same to be so
done, in addition to the payment of the tax to lie
assessed thereon, shall forfeit to the United States
all cotton and all products of cotton in his possession,
and shall be liable to a penalty of not less than one
thousand nor more than five thousand dollars, to be
recovered with costs of suit, or to imprisonment not
exceeding two years, in the discretion of the court;
and any person or persons who shall make any false
oath or affidavit in relation to any matter or thing
herein required shall be guilty of perjury, and &hall
be subject to the punishment prescribed by existing
statutes for that offense: Provided, That nothing
herein contained shall be construed in any manner
to affect the liability of any person for any tax im-
posed by law on tho goods manufactured Irom such
cotton.
The committee proposed to amend this sec-
tion in line seven, after the word u affirma-
tion," by striking out * and a duplicate thereof
to the collector of said district."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line ten, the word
"July" should be "August," so as to con-
form to the other amendment. It will then
read, "and the first statement so rendered
shall be on or before the 10th day of August,
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-one,
"July" should be "August," so as to read,
" and every such manufacturer or consumer
shall keep a book, in which he shall enter the
quantify, in pounds, of cotton which he has on
hand on the 1st day of August, 1800."
ThePUESl DENTpro tempore. Thatamcnd-
mcnt will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word " affidavit,"
in line fifty-one, should be " affirmation."
The FKFSJDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The Secretary read the eighth section of the
bill, as follows:
Sko. 8. And be it further enacted, That the provis-
ions of the act of June .'>0, IS(>1, as amended bv tho
act of March 3, lStj,>, relating to tne assessment of
taxes and enforcing the collection of tho same, and
all pioeeedingh and lemedies relating thereto, shall
apply to the assessment and collection of the tax,
fines, and penalties imposed by, and not inconsist-
ent with, the provisions ot the preceding sections ot
this act; and that the Commissioner ol Internal Rev-
enue, .subject to the approval of the Secretary of tho
Treasury, all make allnccessarv rules and regula-
tion.- for ascei taining tho weight of all cotton to be as-
sessed, and for appropriately marking the same, and
generally for carrying into effect the foregoing pro-
visions. And tho Secretary of tho Treasury is au-
thorized to appoint, all necessary inspectors, weighers,
and markers of cotton, whose compensation shall bo
determined by the Commissioner of Internal liev-
enue, and paid in the same manner as inspectois of
distilled spirits are paid.
The committee proposed to amend this sec-
tion in line eight, after the word "and," by
striking out "that."
The PI' EKI DENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
The committee further proposed to amend
the section by sinking out the words "distilled
spirits" inline eighteen, and inserting ''to-
bacco," so as to make the clause read:
.And theSecrctary of the Treasury is authorized to
appoint all necessaiy inspectors, weighers, and mark-
cks of cotton, whose compensation shall be determined
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue, and paid
in the same manner as inspectors of tobacco are paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ninth section was read by clauses, the
first clause being as follows:
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, That the act enti-
tled "An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and lor other purposes" approved June 00, 1B(U, as
amended by the act of March 3, lSGo, be, and the
same is hereby, amended as follows, namely:
That section live be amended by adding thereto
the following: and any inspector or revenue-agent,
or any special agent appointed by the Secretary of tho
Treasury, who shall demand or receive any compen-
sation, fee, or reward, other than such as are pro;
vided by law for, or in regard to, the performance of
his official duties, or shall be guilty of any extoinon
or willful oppression in the discharge of such duties,
shall, upon conviction thereof m any circuit or dis-
trict court of the United States having jurisdiction
thereof, be subject to a fine of not exceeding jl,WU,
or to imprisonment for not exceeding one year, or
both, at the discretion of the court, and snail be dis-
mis.-ed from office, and shall be foievor disqualify u
from holding any office under the Government <.] the
United States. And one half of the fine so impo-od
shall be for the use of the United States and the
other half for the use of the person, to be ascertained
by thejudgmentof the court,who shall first give tho
information whcicby any such fine may be imposed.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this clause.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follow s:
That section fourteen be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inseiting in lieu
thereof the following • that incase any person ^-li^li
be absent from his or her l evidence or place of busi-
ness at the time an assistant assessor shall call for the
annual iistorreturn, and no annual listor return has
been rendered by such person to the assistant, assessor
as required by law, it shall be the duty of such assist-
