18v/(5.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
imi
upward; I meant to say that the voters were
ten thousand and upward, as the Senator from
Indiana has reminded us. Very well, assume
that in 1801 at an election there were ten thou-
sand and upward of voters. This last year
there were only fire thousand and upward.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Seven thousand and
upward.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well, but oil the con-
stitution five thousand and upward.
Mr. STEWAltT. At the last election seven
thousand.
Mr. SUMNER. On the constitution, the
most important act that the State could be
called to vote upon, the vote was five thousand
and upward—not six thousand voters. That
is the evidence in the case; and therefore my
friend from Ohio was perfectly right _ when he
said that the population had been going down
instead of going up.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The vote shows that the
population was larger at the last election than
it was when the Senator from Ohio urged the
passage of the enabling act through the Senate
m 1804.
Mr. SUMNER. Have I said anything on
that question?
Mr. TRUMBULL. You quoted the Senator
from Ohio.
Mr. SUMNER. Have I said anything on
that question, I ask the Senator? 1 say I am
presenting the difference between the popula-
tion in 1801 and the present time ; and the Sen-
ator reminds me of the difference between the
population in 18G4 and the present time. I
make no question with the Senator on that.
Mr. TRLMBL'LL. The Senator quoted the
Senator from Ohio as showing that the popu-
lation had decreased.
Mr. SUMNER. Very well.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I thought it was a per-
fect answer to the authority of the Senator from
Ohio to show that when he insirted on the ena-
bling act the vote was less than it was last year.
If the Senator from Massachusetts cannot
understand that, I trust the Senate can.
Mr. RAMSEY. In the electionol'last Sep-
tember the Senator from Massachusetts says
the vote was five thousand.
Mr. SUMNER. I said on the question of
the adoption of the constitution.
Mr. RAMSEY. Then, on the 14th of No-
vember, of the same year, the vote was above
seven thousand. Does he say that the popu-
lation increased in that period of time in that
proportion ? By the rule which he adopts oi
ascertaining population, there must have been
an immense increase in the period of three
months.
Mr. GRIMES. There is a frequent increase
ill that same way.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a singular dis-
crepancy in these facts, and the very fact that
there is such a discrepancy is in itseli an argu-
ment why we should not rush thus hastily to
endow this community with the great functions
of a State government. 1 therefore go back to
the statement of my honorable friend before
me, [Mr. Wadi:, ] that according to the evidence
the population from the beginning instead oi
increasing has decreased, because at tiie begin-
ning the evidence is explicit that at ail election
there were more than ten thousand votes cast,
while when the question was on the adoption
of a State constitution there were only some-
what over five thousand votes cast. But uu-
happily this is not the only way in which this
community has fallen fallen in population,
as my friend says; fallen, as I now shall pro-
ceed to show positively, in another particular
much more important than population.
1 have in my hand the special message of Gov-
ernor Cummings communicated to the Legisla-
ture January 23, 1800, in which lionets forth
how this community has fallen not m popula-
tion only. He says:
"The organic act piovided that every free white
malocitizon of the United Statesof thoagoof twenty-
inelrdine those recognized as citizens by
the treaty with Mexico, should be entitled,to vote at
ftStot olSlion; but. tho qualifications ot voters at
39th Cons. 1st Sess.—No. 86.
all subsequent elections shall be such as shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislative Assembly.'" -
The Legislative Assembly was to take this
question of voters in hand and to prescribe the
qualifications. To do that they were empowered
by the organic act. What did they do ? Now,
listen to the words of the Governor:
"Under the authority conferred by the foregoing
section, the Legislative Assembly at its first session,
in a spirit of hbeiality that did themhonor, passed a
Jaw regulating elections, approved November 6, 1861,
providing that' every male pei son of the age oi twenty-
one years or upward who shall have resided in the
Territory for throe months next'preceding any elec-
tion shall be deemed a qualified votor at such elec-
tion.' "
My excellent friend from Kangas [Mr. Pome-
koy] says that there never was any law of the
Territory on the subject. To his statement I
oppose here the message of the territorial Gov-
ernor setting forth in iolidcm verbis, the very
text of that statute. The Governor then goes
on to say:
" Tho Legislative Assembly of 1S61 passed an act,
approved March 11,1804. amending the I'orcaoins sec-
tion by inserting after the v,'old ' upward' tho words
' not being a negro or mulatto' so as to make it read:
' Every male citizen of the age of twenty-one years and
upward, not being ancgro or mulatto, who shall have
resided,' &c., 'shall be deemed a qualified voter.'"
There is the statement of the Governor of
tho Territory in the message which I hold in
my hand. Mark now, if you please, the date
of this territorial act, March 11, 1804. Down
to March 11, 1804, the word "white" was not
in the electoral laws of this Territory; it made
its appearance on that day. But this enabling
act at that time had already passed the Senate
of the United States; it had already passed
the committee presided over _ by my excellent
fr'cnd, the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,]
who doubtless had before him the legislation
of the Territory excluding the word " white"
from its electoral laws. Vvas not, then, this
enabling act passed under a misapprehension?
1 do not say there was any purpose of decep-
tion. Did'it not obtain the vote of my exeel-
lei t friend from Ohio and my own vote under
the idea that by the laws of this Territory col-
ored persons were not excluded from suffrage?
The enabling act, as I have already said, in
reply to the Senator from Kansas, expressly
declares that ''all persons qualified by law to
vote for representatives to the General Assem-
bly of said Territory at the date of the pas-
sage of this act shall be qualified to be elected,
and they are hereby authorized to v ole for and
choose representatives to form a convention.''
Between the introduction of the act and the
date of its approval, the legislative body of
this distant Territory undertook to make this
fundamental change in its electoral law ; and
in that respect I say that people fell more than
they fell in the fall of their population. Their
population has diminished, but they certainly
have deteriorated in political character, and
they have not now the same noble elements of
political life which they had when they first
appeared as petitioners to be a State.
Sir, I might say something more on the ones-
tion whether any power can be derived under
this enabling act. I think, however, that has
been enough discussed. All must see that what-
ever may have been its original character, what-
ever powers may have flown from it to the
territorial government, those have ail been ex-
hausted, and that act has practically expired;
it is fundus officio ; it is a dead act, and this
community is no more authorized to proceed
under it than any other Territory is authorized
to proceed under it. It is not in any respect
applicable. It has ceased to have any legisla-
tivc potentiality. Therefore, fu*, whatever tins
people have undertaken to do they have oone
without any legislative act; they are a voluntary
body proceeding by voluntary action, without
any previous sanction of Congress, and at. that
they may do is submitted to ihe judgment of
Congress which is in no respect bound or aom-
promised in the least by any previous proceed-
ing. We approach the question now as a new
question, precisely as if there had been no en-
abling art, as if the name of Colorado, a pleas-
ant name I trust it may be hereafter in these
Halls, had never hefore found an echo her^.
The whole question is absolutely new from be-
ginning to end, and we must approach it under
all the responsibilities of our position looking
at it on tho evidence, according to the facts, in
order to determine whether now, at this mo-
ment, under these circumstances, wo shall bo
justified in ceding to this community all these
great powers.
But, sir, there was one argument from the
Senator from Kansas [Mr. Laue] which was
an appeal somewhat to us personally, to my
excellent friend from Ohio, to my excellent
colleague, and to other Senators who had been
here in other days, when Kansas was in. dan-
ger, and in-that
" "Well-foughten field,
We kept together in our chivalry."
Sir, it is one of the prides of my life that at
that time I was able to do something for tha
State which the Senator now represents on this
floor.. I did it sincerely, honestly, believing it
my duty, at tho time, because I saw well that
that distant community was in peril and it
could only be saved by tho intervention of
Congress, the swift intervention of Congress,
which would not brook delay. Therefore, sir,
for the sake of peace, and as I would save a
drowning man just sinking for the last time, I
exerted myself in every way to invest Kansas
with all tho privileges and self-protecting powers
of a State. The ease was peculiar and excep-
tional ; it was also historic. It is not a cass
which can be cited as a precedent on tho pres-
ent occasion. As well might you cite what you
do to save a drowning man who is about to -
perish as a proper precedent for your conduct
in daily life. The case of Colorado is one which
is to be met on the facts; it is not an exceptional
case, it is a simple case. Meet it; therefore, on
the facts and oil its simplicity.
Mr. DOOL11TLE. Mr. President, as this
question is coming to a vote, I desire to say a
few words by way of explanation of the vote
that 1 shall feel constrained to give. I confess
that my sympathies and my hopes have been
with this young Territory, as it has always
been with the new Tcriitoiies and rising States
of the West. I voted for the enabling act. I
did so in the most perfect good faith, and in
the belief, as was stated by the Senator from
, Ohio, that there wore at that time from forty
thousand to fifty thousand people, and that, in
all human probability, by the time the enabling
act would be carried into effect, and the gov-
ernment of the State organized, there would
be a population almost sufficient to entitle it to
elect a Representative to the other House.
But, sir, T find, if tho statements which appear
in a paper laid upon our desks are correct, that
I was under a mistake; that instead of tliera
being forty or fifty thousand people in Colorado
in 18G4, when we passed the enabling act, there
could not have been certainly to exceed twenty-
five thousand. It would seem from a table of the
votes which have been taken there, that in^ 18G1
there were 10,580; inDecember, 1861, 9,354; in
October, 1802,8,224; in September, 1804, two
years afterward, 5,769 ; and, then, at the elec-
tion held under the enabling act. when votes
were given for and against the constitution,
there were 0,192 votes cast. Then the vote
upon the present constitution, under what is
denominated the popular movement, was but
5,895; and it is said that upon tho last election
when they elected officers under the State gov-
ernment, there were about 7,000_ votes^*! iie.se
facts force upon my mind a conviction Tigamst
my hopes, and f will say against my wish, that
the population of Colorado is much less than
I supposed it was when _ the enabling act was
passed, and my conviction is that the popula-
tion now is not to exceed twenty-five thousand
in that Territory. . ,
This conviction being forced upon my mind,
the question arises, what under the circum-
stances is it my duty to do? It is urged upon
the one side that inasmuch as we passed tins
enabling act and invited or allowed Colorado
to form a constitution and submit it t© their
