1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2321
but one link in .the great chain of improve-
ments necessary to develop our great material
interests, and raise this nation to the high and
brilliant destiny that awaits it.
Mr. Speaker, the measure as it is now pre-
sented, I believe, has in it but few if any objec-
tionable features, unless it be the fact that it
authorizes a corporation to construct this canal
instead of providing for its construction under
the direct auspices of the General Government.
For myself, I would prefer that the Government
should itself undertake this great work of mate-
rial improvement, in order that it might be as
the ocean, free for the commerce of the world;
but I have no doubt that whatever we could do
by ourselves we can do through the necessary
and proper agencies we may ercate. That wo
have the power to create a corporation for this
purpose was decided by the Supreme Court
in the case of McCulloch against the State
of Maryland, where it was decided expressly
that Congress has power, where an object is
necessary to be accomplished, to create the
means by which that object may be accom-
plished, and that it may create a corporation
as one of the means, if that is deemed the
best way to accomplish the end sought to be
attained.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, I remem-
ber with somewhat of pride that in the Thirty-
Eighth Congress I voted in favor of a bill of this
character, for the construction of a ship-canal
around Niagara falls, and also a bill to aid in
enlarging the Illinois and Michigan canal, and
after a considerable contest I had the proud
satisfaction of seeing those bills pass this House
by a very respectable majority. And I remem-
ber with what grateful feelings the people of
the West responded to that action of Congress
upon witnessing the exhibition of the gen-
erous spirit in this House which regarded not
merely the interest of certain" localities but
the entire country. Early in the present ses-
sion I introduced a bill providing for the ap-
propriation of S5,000,000 to aid the State of
Illinois in enlarging the Illinois and Michi-
gan canal to the capacity of a ship-canal.
And now, if it were not for fear of embar-
rassing the passage of this billj I would offer
as" an amendment the bill which passed this
House at the last session to enlarge the Illi-
nois and Michigan ship-canal. But I feel cer-
tain that if we pass this bill for a canal around
the falls of Niagara, it will be a step well taken
in the right direction; and that having taken
that step, the second step will easily follow,
■which will be the passage of the bill for the
enlargement of the Illinois and Michigan ship-
canal, and thus without embarrassing this bill
we will secure the other also ; and thus those
two great national works will receive the sanc-
tion of the national Legislature. Complete
these two great works and you will have done
more to aggrandize the Republic than by any-
thing you have ever done, except it be the
crushing out of the rebellion.
The gentleman from New York [Mt\ J. !M.
Humphrey] objects to the passage of this bill,
because he says that by virtue of a treaty now
existing between this Government and the
Government of Great Britain we can have but
two war vessels upon the northern lakes and
but one upon Lake Ontario, and consequently
■we cannot regard this measure as one of mil-
itary necessity or as one required to provide
for the common defense, as the treaty provides
that we shall not enlarge our power upon those
lakes. Now, let me remind the House and the
gentleman from New York of what he no doubt
overlooked for the moment, that in case a war
should ensue between Great Britain and this
country the provisions of all existing treaties
between the two countries would be at once
annulled, and we should then be free to exer-
cise whatever power we might desire for our
protection and self preservation by building as
many war vessels as we might deem neees-
Will the gentle-
sary. _ „
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY,
inan allow me 
39th Oono
Mr. INGERSOLL. I cannot, for my time is
limited.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY. Only a moment.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Not an instant; not
an instant. I should be glad to, but nay time
is too precious.
Now, if we build this Niagara ship-canal we
will have it as an offset against the British power
in the use of the "Welland canal. And if war
.shall occur between this country and Great
Britain they will at once proceed to build their
gunboats on Lake Ontario and Lake Erie, and
move them with the greatest facility from one
lake to the other, as necessity should require,
through the Welland canal, which would l)e
closed against us. Give us this Niagara ship-
canal, and wo could go to work in our ship-
yards, in case of war, along the entire lake
shores from Ogdcnsburg to Chicago, and build
a fleet of war vessels which we could move
with equal facility through our own canal and
thus be prepared to defend ourselves in a man-
ner which would bo impossible at present.
Thus, in a military point of view, this canal is
indispensable to the Government.
And I say here that no civilized Government
on the face of the earth, with such a chainof
lakes within her borders, and with a foreign
Power on her frontier, would have existed ten
years without connecting those lakes by a ship-
canal. And yet we have existed for eighty
years without such a canal, though our fathers
showed their appreciation of its importance,
not only in a commercial, but also in a mili-
tary point of view, by urging upon Congress
the necessity of the work. Let us at oncc per-
form this work, which is so much needed by
the commercial, the manufacturing, and the
agricultural interests of the country, and which
is so necessary for the common defeuse of the
whole country.
Let us look for a moment at the nature of
the work, and see whether its magnitude ia
such as should deter us from entering upon it.
This bill provides for the expenditure of but
$0,000,000, and that, too, in the shape of a
loan, and that not in money, but in bonds to
be repaid to the Government out of the earn-
ings of the canal. Ten per cent, annually of
the net earnings of the canal are to be returned
to the Treasury of the United States. That is
all this bill provides; and who is it who will
say that that is not an outlay of credit that will
pay the greatest rate of interest the Govern-
ment ever received? In a few years every dol-
lar would be repaid to the Government.
We have looked upon the Chinese as a sort
of semi-heathen people, never as a commercial
people. But they have within their borders a
continuous canal communication of over one
thousand miles in extent. The Government
of France, under the reign of Louis .XIV, built
the Languedoc canal, connecting the Bay of
Biscay with the Mediterranean, rising to a sum-
mit level of six hundred feet above the sea;
a work perfectly stupendous in comparison with
this. In Holland we have an example of na-
tional energy and commercial enterprise look-
ing to the welfare of the people that it would
be well to follow. They built, more than forty
years ago, a canal from Amsterdam to the Hol-
der, fifty-one miles in length, one hundredand
twenty-five feet wide at the water level, twenty
feet deep, with an average width at the bottom
of thirty-one feet, in order that the commerce
of Holland and the world might avoid the
dangers of the coast navigation.
Great Britain on our own continent has set
an example worthy of imitation in building the
Welland canal and other canals in Canada for
the benefit of commerce, and for the protection
of her dominions in time of war. The Cale-
donian canal is another great work built by the
British Government in Scotland. _ It rises to
the summit level over the rocky highlands of
Scotland to an elevation of nearly one hundred
feet. It is a ship-canal with twenty feet depth
of water and with an average breadth of one
hundred and twenty feet. This was constructed
to avoid the dangers of the Peutlaiid firth, and
the "Western islands.
These are some of the works that other na-
tions have performed, where their interest was
as nothing compared with our interest in this
great project, either in a commercial or a mili-
tary point of view. =•
The gentleman from New York [Mr. J. M.
Humphrey] tells us that the tariff and tolls on
the Erie canal have been wonderfally reduced.
Why, sir, the Erie canal was completed in 1825.
When did the first reduction take place ? Just
about the time of the completion of the Wel-
land canal, ten years later. That was made to
some extent a competing canal, by virtue of
treaties betweon this country and Great Britain.
The New York Central railroad was completed
in about the year 1840. That was another com-
peting line. Other railroads sprung up over
the country, connecting the Bast with the West;
and in consequence of the competition created
by these various lines of transportation the Erie
Canal Company found it necessary for their
business that they should reduce their tariffs
and their tolls. Had not these competing lines
been built there would have been no reduction,
or next to none, either in tolls or in tariffs to
the present day.
The Erie canal has been of incalculable ben-
efit to the country. Had that canal never been
constructed we would, in all probability, have
had no magnificent West to-day. It opened,
as by the power of magic, the way for enter-
prising emigrants to settle the West, and they
were notslowto take advantage of it; and since
the completion of that canal in 1825, the West
may date the day of her onward march of pros-
perity and greatness. But the West needs
to-day another canal, and further and greater
facilities of transportation, more than she ever
did the Erie canal; for unless these needed
facilities of transportation be extended, the
West will find herself worse off than though
her population were less than half of what it
now is and her agricultural products reduced in
the same proportion, for we must have cheaper
rates of freight for the transportation of our
western products, or the industry of the West
will be paralyzed. There will be no stimulus
for agriculture, for the products of the farmer
will not pay transportation to market. This
state of things cannot last long. The West
demands additional facilities of transportation.
She will have them. If she cannot get aid
from the Government, she will build the neces-
sary works herself. And in order to perpetu-
ate and promote a good feeling between tlia
East and the West, and continue in that pros-
perity which has made the country rejoice, it
will be the work of wisdom for the eastern and
middle States to respond favorably to this
demand of the West, for these States will be
as much benefited as will the western States
themselves.
Now, sir, in the early history of the Govern-
ment, even John C. Calhoun, when he wa3
Secretary of War, was in favor of this system,
not of internal improvements, as some may be
disposed to callthenij hut this system of national
works, as necessary to provide for the common
defense and the general welfare of the United
States. Hear what he said in 1824, when Sec-
retary of War:
" Let, us bind the Republic together: let us conquer
spjic© by & perfect system of roads and c&nals.
These are prccious words: they were uttered
by Mr. Calhoun before he had become tinctured
w'ith secessionism or nullification, and 1 repeat
them hero to-day to his credit. Happy would
it have been for him and for the country had he
never uttered any sentiments at war with these.
Why, sir, had the Government of the United
States, prior to the war of 1812, built a great
national road from here to Detroit, would Hull
have made his ignominious surrender?
sir; because we would have had the means ox
transporting men, cannon, and other munitions
of war for the national defense in sufficient
numbers and quantity to have prevented that
deplorable event. It was estimated in the las
war that a single cannon taken from our tountt-
ries in the East to Detroit ccwfc its weight m
[ silver to get it there. Yet this state of things
1st Sess.—No. 146.
