THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
complied, perhaps—I am not discussing that
question—come here for admission. They are
told by members of Congress and Senators——
Mr. WADE. I wish to ask the Senator this
question: if it was the verdict of the war that
wavery should be abolished, was it not also the
verdict, if it was further necessary for the se-
curity of the country, that suffrage should be
awarded to the colored people that you had set
free ? Why was not that as much a verdict of
the war as the other?
Mr. STEWART. The Senator from Ohio
assumes that it is necessary for the security of
the country that the right of suffrage should be
granted to the negro ; that the Government
cannot be carried on without it. That is an as-
sumption that is hardly warranted. But even if
that were true, it would not be as much a ver-
dict of the war as the other.
Mr. WADE. Why not?
_ Mr. STEWART. Because the other was
named; this was not. The other was named in
the pleadings upon which we went to trial and
fought it out; this is- an issue outside of the
pleadings, one that was not named, and conse-
quently not as much a verdict of the war. That
is the reason.
But, sir, I contend that it is not necessary to
call in the aid of the black man to the govern-
ment of this country. I do not pretend to say
that he shall not at some future time have the
right of suffrage under restrictions. But when
he shall receive it, it will be for his benefit, not
ours. I believe the Anglo-Saxon race can gov-
ern this country. I believe it because it has
governed it. I believe it because it is the only
race that has ever founded such institutions as
ours. I believe it because we have a peculiar
situation, peculiar education, peculiar qualifi-
cations which are not common to other sections
or other races of the world. 1 belie ve the white
man can govern it without the aid of the negro ;
and I do not believe that it is necessary for the
white man that the negro should vote. If he
ever does vote, it will be simply as a boon to
him. I think we can carry on the Government
without him. I think we have had abundant
proof of that.
-Inasmuch as this was not a part of the verdict
of the war; inasmuch as I do not believe it to
be necessary for the preservation of the Union,
but will endanger our national existence, 1 am
for the Union without negro suffrage, but I am
notin favor of turning the negro overto oppres-
sion in the South. I am in favor of legislation
under the constitutional amendment that shall
secure to him a chauce to live, a chance to hold
property, a chance to be heard in the courts, a
chance to enjoy his civil rights, a chance to rise
in the scale of humanity, a chance to be a man.
I am in favor of this because we are pledged to
do it. We have given him freedom, and that
implies that he shall have all the civil rights
necessary to the enjoyment of that freedom.
The Senator from Illinois has introduced two
bills, well and carefully prepared, which if passed
by Congress will give full umi ample protection
under the constitutional amendment to the negro
in his civil liberty, and guaranty to him civil
rights, to which we are pledged.
Sir, we havo done something for the negro.
The Senator from Ohio says the negro has saved
us. Has not the negro had some sacrifices made
for him ? Was not his liberty a part of the issue
involved in this war? Have not hundreds of
thousands of white men fallen to vindicate that
issue? Do not the desolated homes and orplians
and widows throughout the North proclaim the
sacrifice that has been made for the negro?
Do they not proclaim a sacrifice such as no one
race ever made for another before ? What race,
since the foundation of the earth, ever sacrificed
the money, the lives, and the peace of a great
country for the elevation of another, as the
Americans have done? They have guarantied
to him his freedom under the Constitution, and
I say it is the part of practical wisdom to pass
such bills as are necessary to secure to him his
freedom; but if there is a chance to have union,
if there is a chance to restore the South, I am
not willing to wait until we can tear down the
State governments that have been built up dur-
ing the last summer in the South, until we can
revolutionize things again, for the purpose of
giving the negro the right of suffrage.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand the Senator
to say that we have sacrificed these hundreds of
thousands of lives in order to give freedom to
the negro ?
Mr. STEWART. Yes, ^ir; as one of the
issues. The issue was the Union and the aboli-
tion of slavery. At first, it was the Union, but
subsequently the other question was added to
the issue. The pleadings were amended after
the war commenced.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say right here
that I dissent entirely from the proposition that
we have sacrificed a life for that purpose or for
that end. On the contrary, I say that we have
called nearly two hundred thousand of these
black men to the field to fight for onr liberty.
How much we are indebted to their efforts for
those liberties I do not now pretend to meas-
ure ; but that is the fact.
Mr. STEWART. Then there lias been noth-
ing done for the negro; four million slaves have
not been emancipated; he has not been bene-
fited by us; all our boast of success is a farce;
we have made no sacrifices for the negro; we
have not incumbered the Treasury within the
last year with millions upon millions of dollars
to support a Freedmen's Bureau for the negro!
Sir, I say that we have done something for him,
and I am in favor of doing more for him.
Mr. HOWE. Letmy friend and myself have
a perfect understanding with each other. I am
inclined to think something has been done for
the negro ; I hope something has been done for
him—not at our hands. The historical fact is —
and I really hope my friend from Nevada, who
has been with us in all this struggle, will not
attempt to dodge that historical fact—that a
flagrant war was waged against the supremacy
of the United States. The supremacy of the
people of the United States was attacked in
that war, was assaulted by it. We fought the
war for about two years without the slightest
demonstration of doing anything for the negro.
We finally found, as the Senator just now re-
cited, that we were stronger in this contest by
proclaiming liberty to the negro than we were
without making any such proclamation, and
that to strengthen ourselves, not to increase our
sacrifices, the proclamation was induced; and
that which wo did for our own sake ought not
to be charged now to the account of the freed-
men by any manner of means. It was to save
our own imperiled lives, our own imperiled na-
tional existence, and onty for that purpose, that
the late President of the United States was in-
duced to issue that proclamation, and, as the
Senator himself says, to make us stronger, not
weaker, to make our sacrifices less, not greater.
Mr. STEWART. I admit, and havo not de-
nied, that our interest and our safety consisted
in using or wrenching from the South this war
power that they were using, whether it. consisted
of negroes or horses. I admit that it helped us,
but I still contend that it helped him also and
made him a free man. I still contend that a
great deal of expense lias already been incurred
for his benefit; that a large standing army is
now kept up to protect him. He is, and ever
has been, unable to protect himself, and it is a
slander upon our white soldiers to say that the
negro saved the Union. I repeat, I am willing
"to do all that we have pledged ourselves to do,
but I am not willing to reduce the southern
States to a territorial condition and hold them
for all time, or for any definite time, in that con-
dition, for the purpose of conferring suffrage
upon the negro, which was not one of the avowed
issues of this war.
I believe that if we were to reduce the south-
ern States to a territorial condition, and hold
them in that condition for the space of five years,
it would not only destroyour form of govern-
ment, but deprive us of our own liberties. I
believe we can have the Union. I believe we
can have it soon. We have got to trust some-
body. I say we have got to trust the white
people of the South. We cannot organize a
government solely upon the negro "population.
There are seven million white people in the
South. The time for exterminating them has
They are in the country. We did not exter-
minate them during the war. They are there,
and are to remain there. If they are to be our
enemies, and we attempt to hold them as vas-
sals, it will necessitate the maintaining of a large
military force that will endanger our own liber-
ties. Not only that, but it will place in the hands
of the Executive powers that will crush Congress
and the liberties of the people; and.not only
that, but it will continue to engender among the
people of the South additional hatred, and they
will only wait the time when a foreign Power
shall help them to rebel again.
And here let me remark that I was astonished
to hear Senators upon this floor intimate that
we were in a condition to enter upon a foreign
war. With seven million people whom we de-
clare are our enemies, whom we declare we
cannot trust in our borders, are we prepared to
invite a foreign war? I tell you, sir, we had
better secure this Union before we talk of a war
either with Great Britain or France. The en-
mity of seven million people constantly among
us, and whom we must control, is a dangerous
thing. Do you think, if you will notgrant them
the protection of the Constitution, but hold them
as vassals until they carry out any political idea
that you can conceive of, that when another
trouble shall arise you can get the unnumbered
hosts of the loyal men in the North to come for-
ward and again march over that vast country and
endure again the terrible horrors of another war,
for what? For the sake of governing ele'ven States
as conquered provinces? Do you think if you
had avowed that negro suffrage was your ulti-
matum, that you knew the States were not in
the Union, that your purpose was not to keep
them in the Union, but to govern them as Ter-
ritories, that you could have drawn the loyal
masses of the North to this terrible conflict?
Show me the platforms upon which this fight
was made, show me the resolutions of Congress,
show me the declarations that put in issue the
question of negro suffrage which is now delay-
ing peace and disturbing the country. But gen-
tlemen say we must use military force or negro
suffrage. I deny that negro suffrage will ren-
der military unnecessary, for the exercise of
that right by the negro can only be secured by
the national arms, and we must in tljat event
either exterminate the whites or allow them
to exterminate the blacks. But the country is
sick of war; humanity shudders at the near
prospect of more slaughter. Let no mere the-
ory of the equality of raccs deprivevus of peace
and union.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move to amend the
bill by striking out the whole of the fifth sec-
tion, in the following words:
Sec. 5. And he it further enacted. That the possess-
ory titles granted in pursuance of Major General
Sherman's special field order, dated at Savannah,
January 16, 18G5, arc hereby confirmed and made
valid.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
That the occupants of land under Major General
Sherman's special field order, dated at Savannah,
January 16,1865, are hereby confirmed in their posses-
sions for the period of three years from the date of said
order, and no person shall be disturbed in, or ousted
from, said possession during the said three years un-
less a settlement shall be made with said occupant by
the owner satisfactory to the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. GRIMES. I presume the Senator is not
going to press that amendment to a vote to-
night.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to state what it
is. I presume there will be no objection to the
amendment. The bill, as it was reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary, provided for
confirming the possessory titles granted in pur-
suance of General Sherman's order, without
stating what those titles were. At the time the
bill was reported.it was supposed that those
titles had been originally granted for the period
of three years, but I have since ascertained that
