4242
THE* CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
mitted to the next Congress by which we can
equalize these bounties and pay them in lands
and allow the soldiers to select them on the
alternate sections on the land grants. Ve
have got land, but we have got no money in
the Treasury.
Mr. JOHN SON. Let us take the vote.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Very well; let us take
the vote.
The PRESIDENT^w-o tempore. The ques-
tion is, Will the Senate concur in the report of
the committee of conference which has been
read ?
Mr. WILSON and Mr. LANE called for the
yeas and nays, and they were ordered ; and be-
ing taken, resulted—yeas 25, nays 14; as fol-
lows :
Y'EAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Conness, Cowan, Davis,
Doolitllo, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,Guthrie, Hen-
derson, Howaid, Johnson, McDouKnll, Morgan,Nor-
ton, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Kiddle, Sherman,
Spraguc, Stewart, Sumner, Van Winkle, and Wil-
liams—25.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Creswell, Har-
ris, llowo, Kirkwood, Lane, Nye, Ross, Trumbull,
"Wade. Willey, Wilson, and Yates—14.'
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clink, Crag-in, Dixon,
Fowler, Grimes. Hendricks, Morrill, Nesmith, Sauls-
bury, ami Wright—11.
So the report was concurred in.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 desire to give notice
that 1 shall call up the resolution to which I
have referred in the morning, with a view to
have it go to the House, if the Senate will
consent to its passage, in time to be acted upon
at the present session.
MESSAGE VROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Olerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the report of the committee of conference
on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on
the bill (II. R. No. 791) to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for the service of
the fiscal year ending June 30, I860, and for
other purposes.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed without
amendment the bill (S. No. 247) donating cer-
tain lots in the city of Washington for schools
for colored children in the District of Colum-
bia.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing joint resolutions, in which it requested
the concurrence of the Senate:
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 155) to pre-
vent the further enforcement of the joint res-
olution No. 77, approved July 4, 1804, against
officers and soldiers of the United States who
have been honorably discharged, so as to re-
lieve them from the further payment of the
special five per cent, income tax imposed
thereby; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 208) iji rela-
tion to the use of the Soldiers' and Sailors'
Orphan Fair building in Washington.
KMltOfiLKD BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions, and they were thereupon signed
by the President pro tempore :
A bill (II. R. No. 32) to extend the juris-
diction of commissioners of the circuit courts
of the United States;
A bill (II. R. No. 667) to prevent officers of
the Navy from being deprived of their regular
promotion on account of wounds received in
battle, and for other purposes;
A bill (II. R. No. 780) to protect the reve-
nue, and for other purposes ;
A bill (II. R. No. 792) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to furnish transportation to dis-
charged soldiers to whom artificial limbs are
furnished by the Government;
A bill (II. R. No. 794) for the relief of Fran-
cis Coigen;
A bill (H. R. No. 797) granting a pension
to Daniel Lucas;
A bill (H. R. No. 798) for the relief of
Quincy A. May;
A bill (H. R. No. 800) for the relief of Maria
M. Buxton;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 150) to pro-
vide for payment of the claim of Colonel H.
C. De Ahna for military services;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 194) author-
izing the Secretary of the Interior to pay
Charles M. Pott a pension of fifteen dollars
per month;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 199) for the
relief of certain Chippewa, Ottawa, and Pot-
tawatomie Indians;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 200) author-
izing the Secretary of War to settle with the
Territory of Colorado for the militia -of said
Territory employed in the service of the Uni-
ted States in the jears 1864 and 1865;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 203) author-
izing the Secretary of War to contract with
Dr. Alexander Dunbar;
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 195) to extend
the provisions of the act of July 4, 1804, lim-
iting the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims,
to the loyal citizens of Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 204) to reim-
burse Mrs. Mary Phelps, of Missouri.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 155) to pre-
vent the further enforcement of the joint reso-
lution No. 77, approved July 4, 1864, against
officers and soldiers of the United States who
have been honorably discharged, so as to re-
lieve them from the further payment of the spe-
cial five per cent., income tax imposed thereby,
was read twice by its title and referred to the
Committee on Finance; and the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 208) for the erection of an
equestrian statue in memory of Brevet Lieuten-
ant General Winfield Scott, was read twice by
its title and referred to the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia.
OilDER OF BUSINESS.
Mr. WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. C02, to equalize the bounties of sol-
diers, sailors, and marines who served in the
late war.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope not. We have
a great deal of business that we must finish
to-night, and it is perfectly manifest that we
cannot pass a bounty bill at'this session.
Mr. WILSON. I think we can.
Mr. POLAND. I move to take up a priv-
ileged question, the resolution reported by the
Committee on the Judiciary in relation to the
seat of Mr. Patterson, whose credentials were
presented yesterday. I understand that the
joint resolution which was passed and sent by
us to the House has been laid on the table ; so
I suppose we shall have no official notice from
the House of the disposition of it; and I there-
fore move to proceed to the consideration of
the resolution reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not know how much
privilege that question has ; but I wish to state
to the Senate that the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads have made efforts to
get the floor all day, to call the attention of the
Senate to a post office appropriation bill which
the House has passed, and which is here before
us, and upon which action is necessary and
demanded ; otherwise, a large portion of the
postal service will fail. It is very essential to
take it up. It is an appropriation bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. There will be no debate
on this, I imagine. It is a privileged question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are certain things
that we must finish to-night, because we shall
have no time to attend to them in the morning.
We must finish the executive business.
_ Mr. CONNESS. This is an appropriation
bill, and ought to be attended to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall finish
that first, because it is absolutely essential.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to postpone all
prior orders 
ThePRESIDENTproienywe. The motion
of the Senator from Vermont, as a privileged
question, the Chair is bound to entertain. It
is in the power of the Senate, of course, to
dispose of it, but it is a privileged motion, and
the Chair must entertain the motion.
Mr. POLAND. I do not apprehend that
this question will take any time, or that any-
body has any disposition to debate it. I sup-
pose all was said upon it on either side that is
desired to be said. The passage of the joint
resolution to-day by an almost unanimous vote
signified the sense of the Senate in relation to
the propriety of receiving this gentleman as a
member of the Senate.
Mr. TRUMBULL. A motion was made by
the Senator from Massachusetts to proceed to
the consideration of the bounty bill. That
motion was not acted upon. The Senator from
Vermont then rose and moved to take up the
question of the right of a person to a seat. I
submit to the Chair that that does not super-
sede the other motion. As I understand it, a
privileged question simply authorizes a party,
when no other motion is pending, to rise and
submit the question. If the Senator from
Massachusetts had called up his bounty bill aftd
it was before the Senate, then the Senator
from Vermont could perhaps make this mo-
tion ; but it seems to me the Senator from
Massachusetts was in order with his motion,
and that the Chair is bound to entertain it, and
until that motion is disposed of, motion after
motion cannot be piled upon each other.
I do not know that it is proper to make any
remarks in this connection ; but I am exceed-
ingly anxious that that subject should be taken
up. As anxious as I am to get away from
here, I have steadily voted in favor of doing
something towards equalizing these bounties.
The men who fought side by side and were
paid differently by this Government have al-
ways expected that something was to be done
to equalize the pay. Here was one man who
went out in 1861 and fought all through the
war and got §100 bounty. Anotherman came
in a year or two afterwards and fought by his
side and received §300 bounty from the Gov-
ernment. I never supposed that the bounty
bill was to have the go-by in any such way.
The Senator from Massachusetts made an effort
to get it up late in the session, and then pro-
posed it as an amendment on the appropria-
tion bill, and it was defeated there. 1 do not
antagonize the two questions that have been
antagonized here to-night. They are entirely
distinct. This is a measure that stands upon
its own foundations ; and I trust that if it is
necessary to prolong the session until we con-
sider the question fairly, it will be done. If a
majority of the Senate will do nothing, if it is
determined that nothing whatever shall be
done, of course there is no use in staying here ;
but until a fair and honest effort is made, and
that, too, without any excuse that we shall not
get away, T think we should consider the ques-
tion and deliberately dispose of it. In my
judgment, something ought to be done and
something can be done. It is not true that
there is no money to pay this bounty. There
is more than $100,000,000 in the Treasury of
the United States, and it has been there for a
year. I rose simply as to that question of order,
to inquire whether the Senator from Massachu-
setts was not in order in his motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts was in order in his
motion, and the Chair entertained it. The Sen-
ator from Vermont then made his motion,
which, in the opinion of the Chair, is a privi-
leged question, inasmuch as it concerns the
organization of the body. The motion of the
Senator from Vermont, in the opinion of the
Chair, takes precedence of the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts, and is first to be
put. As to the illustration which the Senator
from Illinois gives, that if the motion of the
Senator from Massachusetts had been put and
the bill was before the Senate, then the motion
of the Senator from Vermont might be in order
to displace it, in the opinion of the Chair, if
it would displace the bill when up, & fortiori
it would displace the motion to takeitupwhea
made.
