1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
299
they were granted without limitation, very much
m the language of the order, it will be rccol-
lecteu that Major General Sherman in his order
stated that certain lands would be set apart for
the benefit of the freedmen. and thai a general
officer would be detailed to give them a possess-
ory title in writing, The order states lhat the
titles were to be possessory only, and that the
military authorities would |irotect the occupants
in their possession until Congress should de-
termine in regard to the titles. About one year
has expired since these titles were granted.
There are some forty or fifty thousand negroes
upon these lands, who have been upon them
for something like a year. The committee pro-
pose to confirm them in these possessions for
the period of three years from the time they
took po-^es^ion, thinking that they had a sort
of equitable title to the occupation of the lauds
for a year, and lhat it. would be unjust to turn
them off at once. The owners of these lands
had aba
•d i lie
nd\
fisihtii:
auaim t
the Government at the time this order was made.
Major General Sherman when lie arrived at Sa-
vannah found a large number of these persons
flocking around his camp whom he had to sup-
port out of his eommksaiy stores ; he found
these lands abandoned by their owners, who
were marshaled against us in the rebel army:
and he directed these persons, whom he was
feeding and who wre flocking around his army,
to go upon these lands, and promised them pro-
tection in the possessions which should be set
apart for them. They wont there and took pos-
session, and now wo propose to protect them in
thai.possession for (he period oft hrco years from
the date of the order.
Mr. IIOWAUi). 1 listened to the remarks
of the Senator from Illinois, in stating the con-
tents of General Sherman s order, but I beg to
inquire of that honorable Senator, what is the
reason for this interference with the order of
General Sherman? if I undoivtand his state-
ment ri^hllv. 11m l order confers upon the occu-
pants of tin,' land a right to possess and enjoy iL
during their livo^.
Mr!" TIUIMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stood me. They had no light except the pos-
sessory one taken by the Army. They are liable
to be turned out by the owners, and we de-ire
to protect them for three years from the time
they look possession.
Mr. IIO WA LU). Liable to be turned out of
possession by the owners of the land on their
return ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir: and they are
returning now and pressing to turn these men
off from the:- e lands. The committee thought
that, having been put thereby competent au-
thority, and ha\ ingoccupied the land*and made
some impiovements. it was nothing more than
equitable and just to protect them there during
three years unless they sooner give up posses-
sion by an arrangement to be made with the
former owner, with the approval of the Com-
missioner of the bureau.
Mr. HOWARD. ] was simply anxious to as-
certain the fall effect of General Sherman s
order.
Mr. CLARK. I will state one thing Luther
for the information of the Senator from Michi-
gan and other Senators. Under this order of
General Sherman some of these freedmen were
put in possession, but no writing, as contem-
plated by the order, was given them. Thev
are there without a shadow of title; so that if
one of the former owners should come brick and
bring a .-nil against one of these freedmen. for
possession of tho land, he must haveit. and the
freedman i- not protected at all.
Mr. STMlsER. As allusion has been made
to the orderof General Sherman, 1 have a copy
of it in mv hand and 1 will read a sentence which
bears on the point to which the Senator from
Michigan called attention. Tho order in that
respect is as follows:
"In orcW to carry out this sv^tem of pcttl^mopf.a
general officer will be detailed ;i-> inspector of
nieius <>r plantations, v, hose duly it shall he to \s,-it
the settlements and regulate tho polite and ^ener;ii
management, and who will furnish personally to each
bead ot a iamiiy, subject to tho approval of the Pres-
ident of the United States, apofsepsory title in writing,
| idvint? as near asposnbie tho description of hounda-
i ries, and who shall adjust all clahes or conflict■< that
j aiise under the same, subject to the liLe approval,
treuung ;-ueh titles altogether a.- po^cs^uy/'
Now, it will be observed thet here is no lim-
itation of time. It is not for three years or for
life, but the language is the most general 5 it is
a possessory title. The question may well arise,
what is that, for what timo.to what extent, and
what is its value? Then, in another place, cer-
tain other lands were to be given, and it is
stated that the parties were to hold them "un-
til such time .as they can protect themselves,
or until Congress shall regulate their title." In
that respect the order seemed to contemplate
some action of Congress.
Mr. TRUMJ>rLL. T have received a com-
munication which shows that these written
titles -were not given 111 all cases. It is from
General Saxfon. in which he says:
"So l'ir ps i am manned, the titl^s are alihe, ptk!
I find no limit*to the 1 line the po--e.--oiy titles under
(jcaiernl Shei man's order'were to ran. Some inibvm a!
titles were m veil. Lanru number- of freedmen who
were entitb'd to po.^es^ory tide,-' have not received
them yet, though from no fault of then.^.''
That is lhe condition in which they arc. This
is a communication from General Saxton.
dated tho 1 Uh of .January, in answer to an in-
quiiv on that subject
Mr. SGMXEii.. Then. I take if, thepracti-
cnl question with us is this: whether we dis-
chaigo our duties to these people by confirming
their titles merely for three years? Is the Sen-
ator satisfied ith that ? Docs he think thai the
public faith of the nation to tho,-^0 people, given
under pe( uliar oirciim.-dauces b\ a general in
the held, by a military order, fm the protection
nf the country and especially of'thal neighbor-
hood. is sullieiently inaititauied by oui continu-
ing to thoni it. possessory title tor three years?
I do not pretend to pronounce an opinion the
oilier wu\, that, it is not: but sail, it seems to
me that three years is a small allowance of time
to 1 that geueial grant of what is called a pos-
sessory title \wthout any liimlation of time.
Mi. TilCM-BULL. In regard tu that i will
slate it is a Aery dinieult matter to dcnl with.
It was the opinion of the committee that this
was, perhaps, the mo-a equitable arrangement
we could make, and as far as we would, be jus-
tified in going. It was di,>linctl\ understood at
the time, and tho order so says, thai the titles
were to be possessory only.
The .Senator lVom Massachusetts will remem-
ber lhat. in our legislation we have ourselves
fixed three years in some of the laws as the
period for which leases of land mi-Jit be given
in that section of the country; and in analogy
to lhat the co;omit tee thought it would be per-
haps an equitable arrangement to confirm this
title for the period of three years, unless If)
some arrangement to be made with the owners
if should be given up; and my hope is lhat ar-
nmgi-nierits will be made by which these freed-
men will gel lite title in fee simple 10 some por-
tion of ibis land. 1 boiieve thai a home-I ead is
worth more 10 the e people th:m almost any-
thing el-e. that if you will nuke the ne.no an
independent man ho mu-l ha\o a homo, that
so loim as the 1a luLon of employer and employe
oxisU between the blathsand tho whites. y(>u
will n; oe-sarily Inn e a dependent population.
I thinkifit weiv in our power to .secure a home-
stead to every family which has been made free
by the constitutional anrmdment. wo would do
more fur the chnvd race than by any oilier
act wo could do: and T ivn^i that arrangements
may be made, inn -nnch sis iheyare secur; d for
three years in their po ,-osdon. during that lime
bv which ih'" v will obt.tin a portion of the laud,
in fee.
i should be glad to go farther. I would be
glad, if we cmdd. to secure to these people,
upon any ju-r principle, the fee of this land : but
3 do not H'o with what propriety we could ex-
cept tliis particular tract of countiy out of all
tho other lands in the South, and appropriate
il in foe to iho-." parties. 1think, hawnggone
upon tho land in good faith under the promo-
tion of the Cruvernment, we mav protect them
there for a reasonable time ; and the opinion of
the committee was that three years would be a
reasonable time.
i;xi-:crr'7YK session-.
Mr. GRIMES. T move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
_ lhe motion was agreed to: and after some
time spent m executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 18, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock in. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
EMPLOYES IX COAST SURVEY.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasmy, tiansmitting, incom-
| pliance with the act of March 8, 1S-jo, a state-
j mcnt showing the number and names of per-
; sons employed in the coast survey during the
! year ending June 30, 1SG5, their compensation,
, &cm which was laid on the table, and ordered
1 to bo printed.
j FURXITURE OF COMMITTEE-ROOMS, ETC.
I The SPEAKER also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the House a communication from
the Doorkeeper of the House of Representa-
j tives, transmitting, in compliance with the 27th
! mle, an inventoiv of ail the furniture, &c., in
| the several committee-rooms and other rooms
j under his charge; wlmh was referred to the
i Committee of Accounts, and ordered to be
i printed.
1 Tlie SPEAKER announced, us the first husi-
! ness in order, tho calling of committees for
1 report*, commencing with the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
LAX J) GRANT FOR AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. B [DWELL, from the Committee on Ag-
riculture, reported back, with an amendment,
the bill (II. it. No. 50) to amend the fifth sec-
tion of an act entitled A11 act donating public
lands to the several States and Territories which
ina\ provide colleges for the benefit of agricul-
tuie and tho mechanic aits,'' approved July 2,
18ijL\ so as to extend lhe time w ithin which the
provisions of said act shall be accepted arid
such colleges established.
The amendment repented Uv tho committee
was to add to the bill tho following as a now
section:
S>'o Ami hr> it fvrllif.v cmtctf/1y That in extending
the provisions of this act to the States lately in rebel-
lion. it shall be on the express < on<iifion lhat no per-
son -hall (>c excluded on account ofraco or color from
the benviits 1 >f tin* sehool or educational fund aiising
fioin the land.- thus donated.
Mr. J3IDWELL. If* there be 110 objection,
as the bill is one of very considerable impor-
tance, I would ask its consideration at this time.
There was no objection, and the bill was read
at length.
The 111*51 section provides that thethird clause
or sub-section of sceliou live of tho act of July
2, shall be -o mended as tu read thus.
0. Any ate or Ten it 01 y whh'h may 1 'ike mid claim
ihbeii'-hi of 1 he M"Vi. mijs <.t t hi> net f-hall provide,
v,ithin ten vear* lrom Jn\y 2. ism', not lv;ss tlum one
oi'etie as desoubed in the lom-fh section of this act,
oi the f.2.:nt to fcuch Slate oi Veiritorj .shall cca.scj,
and s;dd ,<i (' or Tf-rntoiy shall he boaud to pay to
the 1 hiited States the amoimf received 011 acount of
an> hnuls prevhuisly cild: hut the titles of the pur-
eha-ers- ihereof from the St,lie or Territory shall bo
hehl valid to oil intents and purposes.
The second section provides (hat an}* State
or Torritoi'v shall be entitled to the benefits of
the act of Julv 2. 1S02. which shall signify its
acceptance thereof by an appropriate act of
h'aidaiion within live years from the approval
of said net.
Mr. B1 DWELL. Mr. Speaker, the lim two
sections of this bill simply extend the time in
which the States which have not availed them-
selves of Ih'1 provisions of the act of July 2,
ISO-, can do so. fhethird se( lion, as you will
observe, leirulalos the pt'oximons as they may
be extended to the Suites that ha\e been in the
rebellion. The act of ibOli expressly excludes
