1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1863
after you reach the Missouri river. Then there
is no reason why wc should require of so dis-
tant a community as that the population wg
might require of a State quite adjacent to us.
Tliey are there; they are assisting us in carry-
ing out our civilization and our progress west-
ward to the Pacific. We ought to take them
by the hand; we ought to encourage them
instead of the action we have had here this
day. I regret exceedingly the opposition of
our friends on this side of the House to so
reasonable a request as these people have made
of us. No man can say what the population
of Colorado is; it is an assumption for any
Senator to say that it is 20,000 or SO,000 or
40,000. The probability is just as great that
it is 50,000 or 00,000 as it is that it is 20,000
or 30,000. But after the invitation we have
given, without repealing this act, we, I feel,
would not be at all justified in rejecting this
application. Upon the other hand it would be
gross injustice to refuse 1he application, after
having twice put them to the inconvenience
and expense of making application for admis-
sion here.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Minne-
sota inquires why Congress has not repealed
the enabling act. It seems to me the question
is a very simple one, and it has been answered
here to-day a dozen times. The act has not
been repealed because it expired by its own
terms and limitation. The moment the people
of the Territory of Colorado failed by their vote
to accept the terms, that moment that act be-
came functus officio; it was a dead act and had
no effect whatever.
The Senator says I spoke of the people of
Colorado as being poor. I did not say so ; but
I said that there was not property there upon
which the requisite amount of taxes could be
levied in order to support a Stale government.
Mr. President, all of us- who live on the front-
ier, as the Senator from Minnesota and I do,
know that the population of these mountain
Territories is almost nomadic; where there is
a large population in one Territory to-day, the
moment there is an outcry that a gold discovery
has been made in a distant or an adjacent Ter-
ritory, one half of the population (locks over to
it. lie knows, and so do I, that the population
of Colorado at this moment is probably not near
as large—I would not undertake to say by what
percentage—as it was last year when these votes
were taken.
Mr. RAMSEY. I should like to ask the
authority of the honorable Senator lor that.
Mr. GRIMES. I will tell the Senator the
authority.
Mr. RAMSEY. Is there any official author-
ity for that?
"Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I have no official
authority. I have stated to the Senator that
this knowledge is within his breast as well as
mine. Let him go through Pennsylvania ave-
nue and see the number of men who are heie
from Montana. All your public officers in that
Territory are here, the men who are in busi-
ness in those Territories are nearly all of them
here. Why? Their merchants come here to
buy goods in the winier, they avoid the inclem-
ency of thoue mountains in the winter. In the
summer they have a much larger population ;
it is so in all these Territories; but as I said
before, it is very likely that they have a larger
population by a few thousand than they had in
lSo-1. as the Senatorfrom 1 llinois says they have.
Why was it decreased then ? Simply because
very few of the men there are bound to the soil.
They have no interestin it except so far as they
may successfully dig after gold, and the moment
that it is proclaimed through the newspapers
that there has been a valuable lead discovered
in some distant Territory they immediately pull
up their shanties and move to it, and that is the
kind of population that it is proposed to make
in;o a Si ate, with a population as I believe, uom
the record evidence before us as to the \oLes
that have Jjcen given in the last five years, not
exceeding filtcen thousand.
Mr President, the sum and substance o. it
all, is whether or not the Senate is prepared by
its solemn vote to create a kind of rotten-bor-
ough State in the Rocky mountains, and give
to that State the same representation and the
same power on this floor as is given to the
State of New York, Pennsylvania, and Ohio.
That is the question, neither more nor less.
Mr. IIAMSEY. How can the honorable
Senator speak of a rotten-borough system in
these new States and Territories of the West?
Mr. GRIMES. Perhaps the Senator does
not know what rotten-borough is.
Mr. IIAMSEY. Such a term cannot be ap-
plied to such live communities as our western
Territories and States.
Mr. GRIMES. I mean by it that it is pro-
posed to create a little insignificant State in the
mountains, with only about 12,000 to 15,000
people, that a powerful, rich, and influential
man can carry in his pocket, or wdiich he can
control by that which he does carry in his
pocket. That is what I mean.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, this ques-
tion, wdiile it has been considered in this body,
has given me no little trouble and uneasiness.
If I may be allowed to distinguish between the
motives that govern men and those which affect
myself, I may say that my feelings have all
been toward the side and inclined to the admis-
sion of this Territory as a State, while as the
discussion progressed, and time has passed on,
my maturing judgment has been and is that it
should not be so admitted. It is a matter of
considerable pain to me, growing out of the
facts which I shall state, that my vote will not
be in accordance with my feelings.
In the first place, the proposed new State of
Colorado is mainly a mining State, having a
great leadingindustryideniical with that of the
Slate which I in part represent here. In the
next place, as stated by the Senatorfrom Min-
nesota, it is on tho highway to the Pacific, and
although not in close or contiguous neighbor-
hood to the State of California, it yet ranks
among tiie communities of the West, with which
1 and the State I represent are id ntified.
Lastly, the gentlemen wdm have come here as
Senators have been here so long that my ac-
quaintance with them has become agreeable,
and I should like to have them for associates
in this body. For ail these reasons it is some-
what painful to me to take the opposite side of
the question, but I am constrained to do this,
Mr. President, in view of not simply the exist-
ing condition of Colorado, but a conviction that
1 have had for many years my life that the
Congress of the United Sta™, representing the
Republic, has perhaps for a quarter of a cen-
tury or more been creating Slates too rapidly.
That has been my conviction. Jt appeals as
though a system of policy had been adopted
in that respect which recognized the greatest
possible good as achieved when for any and
every cause a State was added to the Union.
The"flaming announcement that an additional
star was added fo the constellation was spoken
of and received by the whole people with great
joy. Long antecedent to the difficulties that
came up connected with Kansas y$d Nebraska
my own reflections went to this subject, atid
when the bill was introduced into the Con-
gress of the United States, and urged by the
lamented Senator from Illinois, now no more,
for the organization of Kansas and Nebraska,
I saw in it an additional difficulty, the crea-
tion of communities where there were no peo-
ple. As the Senate will remember. I directed
a question to the honorable Senator from Ohio
to-day in this connection. I asked him, he
having been here at that time, whether polit-
ical considerations did not control the organi-
zation of Kansas and Nebraska, to which the
Senator replied in the affirmative. There were
no people in those Territories at that time;
but it is true that immediately after their or-
ganization people flocked in that direction, and
eventually one of those Territories became a
battle ground where the different sections of
the Union created civil war, and where a war
was inaugurated which was but the precursor
of the terrible civil war which is now so happily
past.
Mr. President, I thinlc the wiser policy on
the part of the Congress of the United States
would be to carry out. a proposition'which has.
been heretofore suggested, to pass ati act pro-
viding that no Territory should b"(J received into
the Onion as a State until it had population
enough to elcct a member to > Congress under
the then existing apportionment law of the
United States.
We are told here, and it is said in behalf of
the admission of this new State, that because
we admitted Nevada we should therefore ad-
mit Colorado; and next, that because the Con-
gress of the United States passed an enabling
act for Colorado in 1804, Congress is bound by
that act and should therefore admit this Terri- •
tory as a State. It is known to many, if not to
all of us, that pending the great war which has
passed there was a very strong disposition on
the part of a very large portion of Congress—
I confess for one to have been influenced by
that feeling—to create and admit loyal States.
Disloyalty in the Union became so general and
came so near disrupting and destroying the
Union, and the problem whether we should
have a country or not was brought so much and
continued so much in question that the pros-
pect of getting into the Union even a young
State that was loyal became a desirable one to
our minds; and in that view, as well as from
other considerations, Nevadacamein. Although
Nevada is populated very largely by former
citizens of California, I say here to-day that but
for its contiguity to California, and but for the
identity of interest with California and the con-
straint of admitting it because it was a known
loyal State, I would not have given a vote for
the admission of Nevada, ami I would not have
given a vote for the enabling act from my
knowledge of Nevada at that time. So there-
fore I do not feel bound in voting upon this
question by the precedent established in the
case of Nevada.
Now. sir, a word on the question whether we
should be governed by the enabling act, and as
to the fact that Congress has, as the honorable
Senator from New Hampshire says, committed
itself by the passage of that act to the admis;
sion of ibis new State now. It can scarcely be
held that Congress always acts wisely. I do
not think the Congress of to-day would pass the
fugitive slave act of I860; nor need \ go to that
for an illustration. If in 1804, while tho war
was pending and when we desired to make an
addition of loyal communities, not knowing at
that time whether the power of the Govern-
ment would be able to subdue the South, we
had the desire to extend our system of govern-
ment to these communities, believing them to
be loyal, that necessity does not exist to-day,
and we are not to be governed or controlled
by it. I know very well, because I was here
when the enabling act was passed, that the
considerations to "which I refer entered into
the passage of the enabling act for both the
State of Nevada and the Territory of Nebraska.
Nobody will say to-day that the Territory of
Nebraska is lit to enter this Union as a State.
If any Senator will, let him join us and pay a
visit some morning to the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad when it sits considering the
question whether a certain branch of the Pa-
cific railroad shall be constructed so as to go
into the Territory of Nebraska, and hear the
statements made there involving the produc-
tiveness and the capacity of that country to
sustain a community now fit to beeomc a State.
Again, sir, New Mexico is to-day engaged,
as we see by the journals of the day, in forming
a State constitution. She is now taking the
preliminary steps for that purpose. Suppose
we admit Colorado on a statement that she has
forty thousand inhabitants, what then ? Iho
honorable Senatorfrom Minnesota says that it
is an assumption to say that Colorado has even
forty thousand inhabitants, and that she may
as well be said to have fifty or sixty thousand.
Admit, then, for the sake of the argument, that
Colorado has fifty thousand inhabitants, shall
we hold ourselves bound by admitting Colorado
to-day because we passed an enabling act, when
