1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8283
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and fifty-three to strike outthe word "the''
before "newspaper'' and insert in lieu of it the
word "one;"' and after "newspaper" to strike
out the words "of largest circulation" and in-
sert the word "'published;" so as to make it
read:
That the assessor for each collection district shall
give noticc by advertisement m one newspaper pub-
lished in each county within said district. Arc.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I should think the
notice ought to be published in the newspaper
of largest circulation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is sometimes very
difficult to tell what the newspaper of largest
circulation is, and we thought it best to leave
it to the assessor to have the notice published
in one newspaper published in the county, if
there was one, and let him make the selection.
Sometimes newspapers may be published in
different languages, and one published in a ;
foreign language might possibly have the largest i
circulation, or there might be a religious news- !
paper having the largest circulation. We
thought it best not to apply the Post Office
laws to this provision.
Mr. CONNESS. Unless you provide in the
act the means of ascertaining which paper has
the largest circulation, you cannot determine
the point.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that the
assessor or collector can easily ascertain which
paper in the county has the largest circulation
as well as he can ascertain how much property
a man has. He will adopt some means to as-
certain it. He can call upon the newspapers to
furnish a statement of their circulation under
oath. He will adopt the necessary means.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The provision amounts
to very little, and the Commissioner was of
opinion that it would be very embarrassing in
practice to require the advertisement to be in
the newspaper of the largest circulation. We
took his advice about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The officers are the last
persons to whom I would go for advice in
relation to matters of this kind.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wo applied to the
Commissioner.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Ho is one of theofficers.
It seems to me that it should not be left to
these officers to select the newspaper as a mat-
ter of favoritism, and allow them to select a
object, let it be published where most of the
world will see it. I hope the provision as
adopted by the House will not be changed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The whole clause re-
quired revision. It was somewhat bunglingly
framed, and we were obliged to change it all
through. A change here would necessarily
lead to a great many other changes. The
Senator is aware that if a mistake was made
in that particular in regard to the selection
of the newspaper, it might vitiate the whole
proceeding. We must always trust something
to the discretion and honesty of the officer.
We came to the conclusion that the Commis-
sioner was right about it. and on consideration
the committee adopted his suggestion.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think the words
"within the county," ought to be inserted
after the words " largest circulation."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the question
would arise, what was the largest local circu-
lation?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to insert the
words "within the county," after "circula-
tion."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment is not in order. The question is on the
amendment of the Committee on Finance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This provision covers
a collection district, and a collection district
is a whole congressional district.
Mr. GRIMES. It speaks of an assessment
rlicftMpf hcrp
Mr. FESSENDEN. Tlie language is, "the
assessor for each collection district shall give
notice by advertisement in one newspaper pub-
lished in each county within said district, and
if there be none published in any county of
the district, then in a newspaper published in
the collection district adjoining thereto." You
see that the provision as it stands in the House
bill would send the assessor around inquiring
as to'the circulation of the different newspa-
pers. He would have to examine with great
accuracy. "We have already seen the disputes
that arise where that rule does exist. Some
say that one thing should he taken into con-
sideration. and some say another. It makes
confusion and difficulty in doing business.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand that a collec-
tion district is a congressional district, but an
assessment district is a subdivision of a con-
gressional district.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No ; you see it; roads,
" the assessor for each collection district shall
give notice," &c.
Mr. CONNESS. There is another difficulty
that would arise. In some counties there arc
daily newspapers published and weekly news-
papers besides. While the daily would have
the largest local circulation in a part of the
district, the weekly would kavc the largest in
the entire district. We shall get into exceed-
ing difficulty if we undertake to change what
the committee have agreed upon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
leave it as the committee fixed the matter; we
became entirely convinced that it was better to
lix it as we have proposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and lifty-six to strike out the word "the"
beibic " newspaper" and insert the word "a;"
and in the same line, after the word " newspa-
per," to strike out the words " of largest cir-
culation11 and insert " publishedso as to
read :
And if thero bu none published in anvcounty of
the district, then in a newspaper published in the col-
lection district adjoining thereto.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I should like to inquire
of the chairman why they go out of the dis-
trict. A collection district, as J understand,
in practice embraces a congressional district.
Jf in any county of a congressional district no
paper is published, then this act, if 1 under-
stand it, requires that the publication hlmll be
made in a newspaper published in the collec-
tion district adjoining thereto. Why not in the
same collection district? Why do you neces-
sarily compel the assessor when a particular
county has no paper published in it, to publish
the notice in a collection district to which that
county does not belong?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The language should
be "a collection district adjoining" instead
of " the collection district adjoining."
Mr. TUUM13ULL. Why not strike outthe
words "adjoining thereto?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the simple reason
that it was supposed a man would be more
likely to get notice Irom a newspaper near
hnn.
Mr. THUMB ULL. The Senator from Maine
certainly does not understand me, or I do not
understand the bill. The bill as it is necessarily
compels the assessor to publish in some other
district than the one in which the county is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir.
Mr. TUUMIJULL. Then i do not under-
stand it; the language is, "in a newspaper
published in the collection district adjoining
thereto."
Mr. FESSENDEN. It reads :
That the assessor for each collection district shall
give noticc by advertisement in one newspaper pub-
lished in each county within said district, and if there
be none published in any county of the district, then
in a newspaper published in the collection district
adjoining.
I propose to make that last "the" "a." If
there is a newspaper published in the whole
district, the notice must be published there,
and if not, in the next district.
Mr. ANTHONY. I suggest that the words
"any county of" be left out, so as to read "if
there be -none published in the district." The
language is somewhat equivocal now. If there
is any county in the district which lias no news-
paper, it is liable to the construction that the
publication must be in the adjoining district.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the words " any county
of" be left out it will be clear.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well; that is only
changing the phraseology.
Mr. ANTHONY. But it would make it
unequivocal.
The amendment of the committee was
agreed to.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I move to amend
the clause further by striking out the words
"any county of," so that it will read, "and if
there be none published in the district, then in
a newspaper," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line one hundred
and iifty-seven I move to strike out "the" and
insert "a," so as to read, "in a collection dis-
trict adjoining thereto."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was to strike out in lines one hundred
and fifty-seven and one hundred and fifty-eight
the words "by notifications to be posted up"
and to insert " shall post notices;" in line one
hundred and fifty-nine after 11 places" to insert
"within each assessment district j" and in line
one hundred and sixty-one after "office" to
strike out "within each assessment district
advertise by not less than ten days' notice, all
persons concerned of," and to insert "stating
so as to read:
That the assessor for each collection district shall
privc notice by advertisement in one newspaper pub-
lished in each county within said district, and if there
be none published in the distiiet, then in a newspaper
published in aeollcction district adjoining thereto,
and shall post notices in at least four public placos
within each assessment district, and shall mail a copy
of such notice to each postmaster in his district to bo
ported up in his office, stating tho timo and place
within said collection district when and whero ap-
peals will be received and determined relative to any
erroneous or exeei-sivo valuations, assessments, or
enumerations by tho assessor or assistant assessor
returned in the annual list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to strike out
the word "up" after "posted" in line one
hundred and sixty-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee further proposed to amend
the clause in line one hundred and sixty-seven,
after the word "list," by inserting:
And such notice shall be advertised and posted by
tho assessor and mailed as aforesaid at least ten days
before the time appointed for hearing said appeals.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to add " s" to
"appeal" in line one hundred and seventy-
two, so as to make the word "appeals."
Tho PliESIDINGr OFFICER. That will be
regarded as agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
ninth section, as follows:
That section twenty be amended by striking out all
after the enacting clause and inserting in lien thereof
the following: that the said assessor of each collec-
tion district, respectively, shall, immediately after tho
expiration of the timo for hearing appeals concern-
ing taxes returned in the annual list, and from timo
to time as duties or taxes become liable to be as-
sessed, make out lists containing the sumspayablo
according: to law upon every subject of taxation tor
each collection district; which list shall contain the
name of each person residing within the said district,
or owning or having the care or superintendence or
property lying within the said distnet, or engaged in
any business or pursuit which is liable to any tax or
duty, when .such person or persons are known, to-
gether with the sums payable by each; and where
there is any property within any collection district
liable to tax, not owned or occupied by or under the
superintendence of any person resident therein, there
shall be a separate list of such property, specifying
the sum payable and the names ol the respec tive pro-
prietors when known. And the assessor making out
any such separate list shall transmit to the assessor ot
the district where the persons liable to pay such tax
reside, or shaJi have tticir pmicipal place of busi-
ness, copies of the list of property held by persons so
liable to pay such tax, to the end that the taxes as-
sessed under the provisions of this act may bo paid
within the collection district where the persons lia-
ble to pay the same reside or may have their princi-
pal place of business. And in all other cases the said
assessor shall furnish to the collectors of the several
