1364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
March 13,
she had less population in 1864, to admit New-
Mexico when she comes, whether or not she
shall have in her constitution the word "white,''
which so offen<k the distinguished Senator from
Massachusetts, and which it is charged^ there-
fore forms his only reason for opposing the
passage of'this bill? I have nothing to_ say
about that. The honorable Senator lias gn'eu
his reasons at length to the Senate. But when
New Mexico shall come here, as she will, for
she is now taking the preliminary steps, what
reason can we urge for the rejection of New
Mexico? Simply because we did not pass an
enabling act at any time. So far as that is con-
cerned I think the answer made in regard to
the question of an enabling act is entirely com-
plete: the act served its purpose, was at an
end. These acts are never repealed, 'i hey
serve their purpose, and either are rejected or
accepted, and that is the end of them. They
remain a dead letter on your statute-books
when not accepted.
Mr. President, I would gladly vote for the
admission of Colorado if I could believe it was
not a violation of a policy fundamental to the
nation. There is another question that enters
into the consideration of the admission of this
Territory as a State. The Congress of the
United States have as yet postponed and put
off the policy of disposing of the public lands
which form the Territory of Colorado and all
the western Territories of the Union, because
tlicv are found to contain in part the precious
metals, gold and silver. Tims we are called
upon to admit a community that lias scarcely
any other than a mining interest, without any
titie to their lands, without, any taxable prop-
erty unless they tax their improvements.
MY. STEWART. Will the Senator grant me
permission to say a word or two on that point?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. I think the Senator is mis;
taken in regard to Colorado. At least one halt
of that Territory is agricultural. 1 understood
when f was there last year that they were bring-
ing into market large quant ities of agricultural
land. They are east of the Rocky mountains.
There is agricultural land enough to form a
large State, ami there is no difficulty in segre-
gating it from the. mineral lands.
Mr. OON'NESS. I trust for the sake of Col-
orado and for the sake of the Union that the
statement, made by the honorable Senator from j
Nevada is correct in this respect, and that, Col-
orado h.is available agricultural territory, but,
there is no e\ ideucc here presented to the Sen-
ate and none ever came to my mind that an
agrieuliurai population have settled there. All
that we hear about Colorado is that it is a min-
ing community. AH we hear is of its quart'/
veins and the transportation of machinery there
to work thorn. My heart and my feelings go
with them in their progress fully; but I do not
believe thai 1 should be performing my duty
properly by voting for her admission now as a
State.
Before I close (for all 1 have said is simply
in explanation of mv vote) 1 wdl allude, to the
statement, made here in reference to California
and the population California had at the time
of its admission as a State into the Union. I
was not '.hen prepared 1o rise and make any
statement oil the subject, but I have scut to
the [.ihiv.ryaudobtaiiied iheTribune Almanac,
which is the only statistical rceonl that we have
of the election returns, ! believe. I find that
in 18~>0 when California was admitted into the
Union there are no returns of the census taken
that year in California ; but the estimate of its
population is one hundred and sixty-five thou-
sand. I was en I irely convinced from my famil-
iarity with California at that, time that it ex-
ceeded what my colleague stated, forty-five
thousand.
Mt. McDOUGALL. My colleague will
allow me, to inquire what almanac that is.
Mr.'CONNESS. The Tribune Almanac.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. All! it is incorrect.
Mr. CONNEoS. 1 have great regard for
my colleague's character for veracity always,
and for his facts when he is sure of his facts;
but he will pardon me at this time for taking
the Tribune Almanac on a cpiestion of statis-
tics in preference to himself.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will my colleague al-
low me to ask him if at that time 151 Dorado,
the county in .which he resides, and San Fran-
cisco, were not the two principal counties in
the State?
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. McDOUG-ALL. They were not the two
principal counties in 18-50?
Mr. CONNESS. Not at all.
Mr. McDOUGALL. What other counties
then approached them in population?
Mr. CONNESS. I arrived in California
early in the year of 1849, and at that time Sac-
ramento had a very large population. It will
be remembered that California did not get all
its population from the United St-ates; that as
a State of the republic of Mexico it had a
considerable population, many thousands; it
had towns established and improvements, and
that population reside with us now and form
a very considerable part of our voting popula-
tion. But my colleague is entirely in error in
regard to the matter of San Francisco and El
Dorado being the only counties that had any
material population at that time.
Mr. McDOUGALL. No, I did not affirm
that. I said they were the two most populous
counties.
Mr. CONNESS. That might be.
Mr. McDOUGALL. And allow me to re-
mark that there were fifteen thousand men in
California of Mexican extraction.
ilr. CONNESS. My colleague simply af-
firms nothing when he says those two counties
of which he spoke were the two leading coun-
ties in population. That might have been the
case. The county of El Dorado, in which F
have my residence, in 1 Soli polled a vote of
over twelve thousand. The estimate made in
the Tribune Almanac I have no doubt is a-cor-
rect estimate from my knowledge of the State
at that time.
Again, as has been stated, the case of Cali-
fornia was a very remarkable case. I will not
recount it; it, has been sufficiently stated here.
There were reasons for the formation of a State
government good and sufficient; and it is the
glory of t.liis country that a State government
was formed there, a fiee State government,
that it was added to the Union ; and although
disgraceful conditions were proposed to be ap-
pended to its'adu^Rion, yet it is the honor of
the Union that, 1 h eat tempt made to disrupt, and
dissolve it since by a plan to trive the southern
confederacy an outlet to the Pacific ocean was
hedged in and stopped by the free population
that formed the State of California and made
it a free State in the Union.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I do
not rise cxecpt to enter a demurrer to an af-
firmation of a rule of law made by the Senator
front Iowa, and which has been repeated by
my colleague. An enabling act is a general
act, not defeated and not rendered inoperative
by any actio*until the people of the Territory
act affirmatively. The contrariwise of that
proposition cannot be maintained upon any
legal principle ever advanced by any masters
of the sciences or of law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is upon the amendment of the Senator
from Massachusetts.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I call for the yeas and
nays on that amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire for the present to
withdraw the amendment, and I may offer it at
another stage of the bill.
The PIlESIDENTpro tempore. The amend-
ment, is withdrawn.
Mr. SUMNER. My idea is to have a vote
on the general question first, and if the bill
should be disposed of by a negative vote there
will be no occasion for the amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I have
been impressed with the arguments that have
been urged against tlio passage of this bill; and
if the question was a new one I could adopt
those arguments and act upon them so far as
my vote was concerned. But I desire to say
in explanation of the course that I intend to
pursue, that I shall vote for this bill expressly
on the ground that Congress has passed an en-
abling act authorizing the people of this Terri-
tory to form a State constitution. I know it
has been said here, and there is force in the
statement, that the enabling act has exhausted
itself, and that the people had no right to pro-
ceed to form a State constitution not in accord-
ance with the provisions of that act; but the
main objection made to the passage of this bill
is that tlie population ot the Territory is insuffi-
cient. That, sir, was a legitimate argument to
urge against the passage of the enabling act;
and that argument was then adduced, or ought
to have been adduced, to show that Congress
should not authorize the people of the Terri-
tory to form a State constitution. But Con-
gress at that time determined that question.
Congress then decided that the population of
the Territory was sufficient to authorize the
people to form a State constitution; and I say
that the people of the Territory had a right to
expect that that question was settled^ by the
action of Congress. And now when this appli-
cation is made for admission, they ought not to
bo met and defeated upon the ground that the
population of the Territory is not sufficient
to authorize the formation of a State govern-
ment.
The facts that existed at that time have not
substantially changed as I understand the state-
ments that have been made here, although ref-
erence has been made to a vote to show that a
vote given since the enabling act was passed
is not as large as one given prior to that time;
but that vote is a very poor criterion as to the
actual population of the Territory, for in these
Territories votes are controlled by accidental
circumstances, and a vote one year may be
double what it may be another year, and all
controlled by accidental circumstances. In a
mining community, people under an excite-
ment, as they often are in relation to mines,
neglect to attend elections. Indian difficulties
occur which render it dangerous to attend elec-
tions, and many circumstances of that kind
occur which render it unsafe to rely upon a
vote, in forming an opinion as to the number
of the people.
Now, sir, if the question before Congress at
this time was as to whether an enabling act
should or should not be passed, [ would vote
against the passage of an enabling act upon the
facts that have been submitted to the Senate.
But it seems to me that this enabling act is a
continuing invitation to the people of that Ter-
ritory to form a State constitution. Congress
has signified its readiness to accept this people
as a State; it has decided that the Territory
has sufficient population, and the mere failure
to comply with the particular terms of the act
is no substantial objection; it is an objection
of a technical character or description. If the
people were qualified in 180-1 to form a State
constitution, they are qualified at this time;
and it seems to me that it would be treating
this people unceremoniously at any rate, after
this enabling act has been passed, and upon
the faith of that decision they have proceeded
to form a State constitution and organized a
State government, now to meet them when they
apply for admission, and say, " You shall not
be received because your population is not suf-
ficient:" and that is the chief objection which
is made to this bill. I therefore (so that my
vote hereafter may not be construed into a pre-
cedent in favor of the passage of enabling acts
for Territories in the condition of this Terri-
tory) desire to say that my vote is put exclu-
sively on that ground, and that if Congress will
pass enabling acts under such circumstances
they ought to be consistent and carry out the
policy which they have adopted. When the
people act upon the policy of Congress, Con-
gress ought not then to turn about and reject
the people who received and acted tlpou what
Congress has done.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendments.
