THE 'CO^OEESSTOKAL ^KLOBE.
January 18,
the States which were ift rebellion. Now, this
provides that they may have the benefit of the act
by accepting it on the express condition that no
person shall be excluded on account of race or
color.
The whole thing is perfectly plain and sim-
ple. The extension of time is veiy important
to those States which have not had the oppor-
tunity .of availing themselves of the provisions
of the act. Indiana is one of those States, as
I am informed; and the introducer of the bill
in part represents that State. The State of
California, for many reasons, has not been able
to comply with the act of 1-862. One is that
there are not lands sufficient within that State
surveyed and brought into market, so that she
might choose the amount which would be due
to her under this act. Another is that the
Legislature of the State of California was not in
session, the sessions being biennial, so that she
could signify at the proper time her accept-
ance.
An act was passed in 1864 extending the time
for two years from April, 18G4, and that time has
nearly elapsed, so that it will be necessary that
a further extension of time should be granted.
I hope the bill will now be considered. I
can see no objection to it.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I hope the
gentleman from California will consent to a post-
ponement of this bill, so that it may be printed.
There are some important provisions in it, and
I would like to see them in print before I am
called upon to vote on it.
Mr. HILL. I was about to make the same
suggestion to the gentleman from California.
The bill involves many important points.
Mr. BID WELL. I move thai its further
consideration be postponed till one week from
to-day after the morning hour, and that it be
ordered to be printed.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
ALMOH W. BABBITT.
Mr. HUBBARD, or Iowa, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported a bill for the
relief of the administrators of the estate of the
late Almon W. Babbitt, secretary of Utah;
which was read a first and second time, ordered
to be printed, and recommitted.
government pilots.
Mr. darling; from the Committee on Na-
val Affairs, submitted an adverse report upon
the resolution as to the justice and expediency
of directing by law that all pilots engaged in the
Government service daring the late war shall
be classed as officers, &c.; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
MUI.CIIIOIt IITIFFNAOLE.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, submitted an adverse report
upon the memorial of Melehior Huffnagle;
which was laid upon the table.
THOMAS JUMUAS.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
also submitted an adverse report on the peti-
tion of Thomas Jenkins ; which he moved be
laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
william wallace.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
also submitted an adverse report in the case of
William Wallace ; which was laid upon the
table, and ordered to be printed.
maky m'laix.
M''-' TAYLOR, from the Committee on In-
valid Pensions, submitted an adverse report on
the petition Mrs. Mary MeLain, and called
for the reading of the report.
1 he report was read, laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
john smith.
Mr. 1 AYLOR, from the same committee,
submitted an adverse report on the petition of
John Smith ; which was laid on the table, and j
ordered to be printed. j
KEY. ANSON HUBBARD.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from the
Committee on Invalid Pensions, submitted an
adverse report on the petition of Rev. Anson,
Hubbard, of Chelsea, Massachusetts, praying
for a pension; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
HANNAH B. SUMKER.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania, from the
same committee, submitted an adverse report
on the petition of Hannah B. Sumner, widow of
0 eneral E. V. Sumner; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
reporter oe committees.
Mr. ROLLINS, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, reported the following resolution:
Resolved, That the resolution of January 5, 1805,
authorizing the appointment of stenographic reporter,
be so modified as to read as follows:
Resolved, That the Speaker appoint a competent
stenographic reporter, to continue in office until other-
wise ordered by the IXouse, whose duty it shall be to
report, in shorthand, on the order of any of Uic stand-
ing or spceial committees of the House, such proceed -
ings as they may deem necessary; and, when ordered
to be printed, properly index and supervise the pub-
lication of the same; and who shall receive therefor
an annual compensation at the rate now allowed by
regulation for reporting court-matial proceedings;
Provided, That all such reporting ordered by com-
mittees of the House, and all such as ho shall be re-
quired to do for joint committees, shall be done by
said reporter, or persons employed by him, without
extra compensation or additional expense.
Mr. DAWES. I ask the gentleman to modify
the resolution so that the matter reported shall
be under the entire control of the committees or
the House. In explanation I will say this; it
sometimes happens that these reports taken by
stenographers for committees get published in
the newspapers orelsewhere without the knowl-
edge either of the committee or the House. I
think, therefore, there should be such a provis-
ion as I have suggested.
Mr. ROLLINS. If the gentleman will state
the form of his amendment, perhaps I may
adopt it.
Mr. DAWES. Merely that the reports so
taken shall be under the entire control of the
committees or the House.
Mr. ROLLINS. I have no objection to that.
Mr. DAAVES. I then move to amend by add-
ing the following:
Provided further. That the reports so taken shallbo
under the entire control of the committees, respect-
ively, by which such testimony maybe taken, or of the
House.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman from
New Hampshire [Mr. Rollixs] be kind enough
to tell us how this whole matter of a stenogra-
pher for the House now stands V What pay does
he get?
Mr. ROLLINS. On the 5th of January, 1805,
a resolution was passed authorizing the Speaker
to appoint a stenographic reporter, to be paid
the same compensation as is allowed in report-
ing court-martial proceedings. This was con-
strued to mean ten dollars per day. Conse-
quently the reporter is receiving at the rate of
per year. The committee, after care-
ful examination.of the. whole matter, and col-
lecting all the evidence that it was possible to
collect, have come to the conclusion that if the
stenographic reporter is compelled to report,
without additional expense to the Government,
all the proceedings of the special and standing
committees of the House, and also all that he
may bo called upon to report for the joint com-
mittees of the two Houses, quite a large sum
may be saved for the Government; 'that the
amount paid for reporting these various pro-
ceedings under the salary now allowed to the
reporter will be not so much as has heretofore
been paid. I have the figures here, arid shall
be glad to submit them to the House, if gen-
tlemen desire.
Mr. CONKLING. Arc we right in under-
standing the gentleman to say that ten dollars
is paid for every day in the year, whether re-
porting is done or not?
Several Members. Yes.
Mr. ROLLINS. That is so. The resolution
of the House gives to the reporter ten dollars
per day, whether he does anything or not—
$3,650 a year.
Mr. CONKLING. I would like to inquire
whether, if this resolution is adopted, the ste-
nographer to be appointed is to do or has done
at his own expense all the reporting of any sort
that may be necessary for special and standing
committees 1
Mr. ROLLINS. If the gentlemen had list-
ened to the reading of the proviso to the reso-
lution he would have seen that the reporter
must report all the proceedings of standing and
Special committees, and also of joint committees
that he may be called upon to report.
Mr. CONKLING. I did listen to it, and I do
understand it, and yet I want to know from the
better information of the gentleman whether
really we can rely upon the expectation thatany
stenographer, receiving even S3,650 a year, will,
without further appropriation or compensation,
provide for all the stenographic reporting which
is to be done during any session of Congress,
for it seems to me that enough reporting of that
sort is certain to be required at this session of
Congress to very greatly exceed the amount
which the gentleman fixes. If this resolution
be adopted, whenever an extraordinary quan-
tity of reporting shall be necessary, application
willbe made, and perhaps made so meritoriously
that it will be allowed, for extra compensation
to be given on account of the extraordinary
amount of service .rendered. If that is not so.
and if this is really the be-all and the end-all
of the matter, I am willing, for one, to vote for
the resolution.
Mr. ROLLINS. All I can say about it is,
that the committee design that this shall be the
be-all and tdie end-all of the matter.
Mr. HALE. A resolution was adopted by
the House a few days or a few weeks ago, call-
ing upon the Committee of Accounts to report
upon certain specific matters designated therein.
I would inquire of the gentleman from New
Hampshire whether the report which he now
makes embraces the answer to that resolution ?
Mr. ROLLINS. It was so intended. If the
gentleman from New York desires further in-
formation, I will send to the Clerk's desk and
have read the evidence that was submitted to
the committee. In the first place, I will ask
for the reading of a letter from the Clerk of the
House.
Mr. HALE. I want merely the conclusion
of the committee.
Mr._ ROLLINS. The first paper I will have
read is a brief note from the Clerk of the
House, showing the amount paid from the
contingent fund of the House only.
The Clerk read, as follows:
House of Representatives, United States,
Washington, D. C., January 15,1860.
Sir: In response to the resolution of the Committee
of Accounts asking for information as to the amount
of money paid during the Thirty-Seventh and first
session of .the Thirty-Eighth Congress, tor reporting
proceedings beforo the standing and spocial comnrit-
tcesof theilouscof Representatives, I liavethe honor
to submit the following statement from the books of
this office, which embraces all moneys so paid to com-
mittees of the House proper. I have reason to believe
therewercsomepayments made for reportingproeeed-
ings of joint committees, but not having access to the
proper source of information as to such payments I
am unable to give the amount:
Thirty-Seventh Congress. Rejportinn.
1038. J. J. McElhone  $358 88
1543. J. J. McElhone  M>3 50
£356. Theodore T. Andrews  362 26
2300. J. J .-McElhone  2U-00
2361. II. (j. Hayes  150 00
$1,318 61
Reporting.
  §135 00
  785 52
  (B0 00
....... 553 50
Thirty-■ Eighth Congress.
First Session.
476. Theodore T. Andrews   
797. Theodore T. Andrews 
i98. Theodore T. Andrews 
799. J. J.McElhone 
$2,104 02
Very respectfully, your obedient servant,
CLINTON LLOYD,
Chief Clerk House of Representatives.
Hon. E. II. Roi.ni.\s,
Chairman of Committee of Accounts.
Mr. ROLLINS. That was the amount paid
from the contingent fund of the House. I now
