I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2325
to the power of Congress over these matters
I am obliged to differ with my colleague, while
I have great respect for his opinion, but as my
time is limited I shall not be able to discuss
at auy length the constitutional question in-
volved ; besides, other gentlemen have said all
that is necessary to be said upon this part of
the subject.
This denial of right to Congress over these
questions and the action of the Government in
the same direction, d'efeated under the admin-
istration of Mr. Buchanan the Pacific railroad
bill, which has since received the favor of
the new Administration, and our whole country
is destined to share in the great benefits that
will flow from such a result.
A broad national policy of internal improve-
ment is what is to arouse the energy and indus-
try of our people, develop the resources and
locked-up wealth of our vast continent, and
give a permanency and vitality to our pros-
perity that can in no other way be secured.
Any narrow view of this great question of
national development is not in accordance
with the character and genius of our people.
They are alive to the importance of such great
works of improvement, and believe that the
public domain, the national credit, and the
fostering care of the Government, in everyway
that they can reasonably and- properly, should
be given to aid the work of bringing out the
enterprise and industry of our whole people
and lifting them up to the highest point of
civilization and national prosperity.
The passage of this bill is still urged, as
heretofore, upon the two considerations of
military and commercial necessity and impor-
tance. My colleague declares that there can
be no real military necessity or importance
connected with this proposed work, and that
that idea is only advanced to catch votes or
deceive the unthinking. He argues that in-
stead of resulting in benefit to the Govern-
ment, or intending to work a benefit to the
Government in this direction, under the plea
of military necessity or advantage there is a
design to draw from the Treasury of the peo-
ple of the United States $6,000,000 and put
it into the pockets of a selfish corporation.
Now, sir, this remark will apply as well to
every body of men who have, by the aid of
Government in the various ways heretofore
granted, added prosperity and wealth to the
nation by their enterprise and sacrifices in the
way of such public improvements. It is very
easy to make such wholesale declarations, but
the facts do not always justify them.
My colleague should remember that selfish-
ness may control him a little in the opposition
he makes to this measure. He maybe moved
to this opposition by considerations not alto-
gether generous, to say the least. The main part
of the opposition to this measure has always
been in the city (Buffalo) so ably represented
by my colleague, and in whose prosperity no
one feels a deeper interest than myself, and I
fear that he as well as the city he represents
does not upon this question always present that
broad, generous, and expansive feeling and
action that would take in all our broad land,
with its best and highest interests. Sir, those
who are the advocates of this measure here and
elsewhere are controlled by a great national
purpose and desire, and while they hope to
secure a safe investment for private capital,
they seek to add to the national defense and
prosperity. But let us consider its military
necessity and importance.
I know it has been urged, is, and will be
again, that as a work of military necessity, sucli
a canal would have no importance, and be of
no practical military benefit. It is said that in
the event of a war with England or Canada,
or both, our policy would be to rush upon Can-
ada with such a force as to take immediate pos-
session of their frontier and the Welland canal,
and thus have a canal at our hand, already con-
structed, by which we could keep open the com-
munication between the lakes and the West,
and thus be able to afford protection when and
where it might be needed without serious diffi-
culty. All this is very well, and I should favor
such a move in such an event, but we have
found that there are uncertainties connected
with war as with other matters, and that it will
not do to rest all upon a single expedient, but
be prepared for any emergency.
Again-, it would be a very easy thing to so lay
waste such a- structure before it fell into our
hands, if, indeed, it should, rendering it of very
little practical use when taken possession of.
Besides, actual difficulties between foreign
Powers do not spring up in a day, but are
often the result of long-continued aggravation
before forbearance gives way and the strife
begins; and in such event the most formida-
ble demonstrations and preparations are made
by way of defense and means of resistance. It
is idle for us to talk of subduing all opposition
so easily that no means of defense and shelter
ought to be made as an alternative. I still
insist that this canal, constructed in such a way
and where it will afford protection to Amer-
ican commerce and war material in transit from
lake to lake, will be a work of great military
benefit in time of war, and I eann'ot see how
any sensible man, with all respect to my col-
league, can argue to the contrary.
Celerity of movement, rapidity of transfer
from point to point, is essential in naval as in
military affairs. Our Canadian neighbors have
a canal connecting the-lakes on tlieir side of
the Niagara river, sufficiently inland to be en-
tirely protected, unless the country between it
and their frontier be taken possession of, which,
of course, would be held by them to the last
moment as of the first importance. It will be
seen, therefore, that they have the means for
rapidly transferring their boats and vessels-of-
war from point to point on the lakes, which we
have not. We have no means of communica-
tion but by land, so that the struggle in many
instances might be confined on our part en-
tirely to land operations, and we suffer seri-
ously as a consequence. They could move from
lake to lake as occasion demanded, transfer-
ring all their power from point to point at their
will.
Were this work completed our whole field
of operations would be changed, and we be
prepared to at least equal them in facilities for
preparing suitable defense to all our borders.
Again, such a canal would form a great base
of supplies for naval and military operations
for a border war, with facilities to throw to any
desired point with great dispatch the materials
necessary for the support and maintenance of
a war upon our borders. It would impart
strength and efficiency to our fleet upon the
lakes, and afford a safe passage to our com-
merce even in a time of war, which would
otherwise be obstructed and broken up.
At great expense the British and Canadian
Governments have already constructed and in
progress complete lines of communication be-
tween and to connect all their border waters,
so as to secure every possible commercial ben-
efit, and afford all their border the amplest
Srotection in any emergency that may arise.
luring our civil war, when the London Times
occupied any attitude but a friendly one, it was
declared by way of boasting that they could
throw with but little warning, upon any point
upon our frontier, any amount of force, and
such vessels-of-war- as the emergency might
demand.
And who does not know that such is the fact?
Their enterprise, their foresight, and theirwis-
dom in this regard have been far in advance
of ours. We, too, should be prepared for all
such emergencies, and take timely steps to
secure the desired result. Captain Williams,
one of the most celebrated engineers the Gov-
ernment ever had, who was directed to and
make a survey for this work some time ago,
and whose report is on file, after examining the
whole ground and taking a careful survey of
the whole question in all its attitudes, urges
with great force the military necessity of this
work, and insists that the Government ought to
immediately enter upon its construction. He
says that its importance in a military point of
view cannot be overestimated. This conclu-
sion was arrived at in a time of peace, when •
there was no prospect of war, but was the result
of careful ana intelligent understanding of the
advantages of such a work in a time of war7
and is worthy of our highest consideration. '
According to the treaty of 1817 we were
restricted to one vessel not exceeding one hun-
dred tons, with a single gun, for Lake Onta-
rio, which is the key to all the great chain of
lakes on our border; and also confined to two
of like size and armament for all the upper
lakes. Having no inland waters communi-
cating with these great thoroughfares, we have
not been able to have in readiness any vessels-
of-war outside of these lakes which could be
thrown upon them in case of necessity, and
thus we have been left entirely without ade-
quate protection. But the British Government,
always selfish and seizing every opportunity
for providing defenses, has steadily pursued
a policy directly opposite ours, one looking
directly to the command of the lakes by a suf-
ficient naval force whenever she might choose
to assert it. Since 1817 she has constructed
the Bideau canal as a military work, so avowed,
connecting Montreal with Kingston, on Lake
Ontario, by an interior route, with locks one
hundred and thirty-three feet long and thirty-
three feet wide, well calculated to pass large
gunboats in ballast; and the St. Lawrence
canals, connecting the same points, with locks
two hundred feet long and forty-five feet wide,
to pass gunboats drawing nine feet. She has
also constructed the Welland canal, as before
stated, connecting Lake Ontario with the upper
lakes, with locks one hundred and forty-five
feet long and twenty-six feet wide, to pass
gunboats drawing ten feet of water.
It is also proposed to construct another, of
ample dimensions for all purposes, military and
commercial, connecting Montreal with Geor-
gian bay , on Lake Huron. Thus it will be seen
that she can pass her war vessels from Montreal
to Kingston, on Lake Ontario, in twenty-four
hours, and to Lake Erie in less than forty-eight
hours, and hold all our lake border, and our
vast cities and the commerce of the lakes,
which is mostly American, entirely at her
mercy. At all these inland points of concen-
tration she has constructed and holds large
nava'l depots, thus_ keeping in constant prepa-
ration for efficient naval operations on all the
great lakes, while our policy has been just the
reverse of this, and we have no means of
defense of such a nature, and have no com-
munication between our great inland waters.
As I have before hinted, England has boast-
ingly told us that she was prepared for any
emergency. In 1861, when the rebel leaders,
Mason and Slidell, were seized on the British
steamer Trent, and war was thought to be
inevitable for a time, who does not remember
that it was claimed extensively by the leading
and most influential British press that their
facilities were complete and ample and the
means in readiness to pounce upon our unpro-
tected lake frontier, destroy our commerce,
and lay waste our whole border, and that, too,
before we could accumulate any adequate means
of resistance.
And who can deny the fact of such a state-
ment? There is not a fortification on our
frontier that an iron-clad could not pass witlx
impunity, and perhaps batter down with ease.
They are old and mostly dilapidated. A long-
continued peace has allowed them to be neg-
lected, and no frontier of equal length and
importance in our whole country, and I may
say in any country, is so poorly protected
and prepared to meet the attacks that modern
warfare and skill bring to bear in a time of
war. This frontier is in extent more than three
thousand miles, and has none of the means
of defense that are necessary to secure pro-
tection or resist attacks. Our mode of waiv
fare nowadays differs very much froni that of
the olden time. Forts and fortifications are
good for something, but cannot compare m
importance and real utility with the modern
means of resistance and defense. The iron-
