1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4246
that authorizes that sort of proceeding, then
it seems to me that the examination as to his
qualifications is confined to his age, his res-
idence, citizenship—such qualifications as are
mentioned in the Constitution.
I suppose that this resolution will be adopted,
and I am inclined under the circumstances to
vote for it; but it commits the Senate, as I un-
derstand, to the doctrine that whenever any
man who comes here from the rebel States
otherwise qualified is willing to take this oath,
the Senate must allow him to take his seat,
and then, perhaps, investigate his former his-
tory after he becomes a member of this body.
Mr. HOWE. I want to say a word about
this subject. It is in the early part of the day,
[five minutes of four o'clock a. m.,] andltake
it, the Senate would like to hear a few remarks.
[Laughter.]
"When this Government was set up the peo-
ple declared in their Constitution several things,
one of which was that "the Senate of the Uni-
ted States shall be composed of two Senators
from each State." That was very positive.
Another was that " no person shall be a Sena-
tor who shall not have attained to the age of
thirty years and been nine years a citizen of the
United States, and who shall not, when elected,
be an inhabitant of that State for which he shall
be chosen." I alwaj-s supposed those two dec-
larations conferred upon every State the right
to have two Senators upon this floor, sub-
ject only to the conditions that they should
send no man who was not thirty years of age,
had not been nine years a citizen of the United
States, and who was not a citizen of the State
from which he was elected; that those were the
only conditions attached to this right to have
two Senators upon this floor. These were the
only qualifications prescribed for Senators.
Now, Mr. President, Congress did enact in
1862 the law which has been repeatedly referred
to. It says:
"That hereafter every person elected or appointed
to a ny otlioc of honor or profit undor the Government
of the United States, either in the civil, military, or
naval departments of the public service, excepting
the President of the United States, shall, before en-
tering upon the duties of suchothce, and before being
entitled to any of the salary or emoluments thereof,
take and subscribe the following oath or affirmation."
That statute does impose additional qualifi-
cations upon Senators or it does not. If it
does require new qualifications for Senators
which the Constitution does not require, then
we haye put ourselves in the category of de-
manding as a qualification that which your
committee has reported will exclude an inno-
cent, guiltless, loyal man from this Chamber.
Your committee have reported that this Mr.
Patterson once held an office in the State of
Tennessee, while the government of that State
was hostile to the Government of the United
States; but they have reported that that was
an innocent, guiltless act, not evidence of dis-
loyalty, not evidence of crime. This law re-
quires him to swear that he never has held an
office under such a government. Now, if that
is to be understood as a qualification for the
office, that he shall not have held afi office
under any State government, then you have
disqualified one who your committee says is
an innocent, guiltless man, from taking a seat
in the Senate.
I did not suppose you meant to add any qual-
ifications to those which the Constitution re-
quires. I believe it has been always understood
that you could not add to them; but I did not
suppose you intended to add to them. I sup-
posed you meant simply to declare that you
thought it expedient, before a man was admit-
ted to a seat here, that he should be required
to take this oath. Well, sir, whenever you
admit a man to take an oath on any subject
whatever, you know he may^ swear falsely as
well as truly, and you anticipated when you
enacted this law that some men might swear
falsely in taking this oath and you prescribed
the penalty. What was it? That he should
be guilty of perjury if he did swear falsely,
and on conviction, in addition to the penalties
now prescribed for that offense, "he shall be
deprived of his office and rendered incapable
forever after of holding any office or place
under the United States." Now, is not that
penalty enough?
Senators argue this matter as if there was
danger, if we do not stand upon the exact let-
ter of that law, and not only stand upon the
exact letter of it, but see beforehand that the
man who offered to take the oath could take it
truly, of letting down the bars so as to fill up
this Senate Chamber with rebels, red-handed
men, murderers, criminals. There is not the
slightest danger of it. Let Mr. Jefferson Davis,
if he can be discharged from his present place
of confinement, come here to-morrow under
an election from Mississippi; let him come to
your bar if he has the other qualifications ; lot
him take this oatii if he dare to take it. Your
Senate Chamber is not full; but you have got
a bad man in it, and your remedy for it, if you
believe in your law, is simply to go to a magis-
trate here and enter a complaint against Mr.
Davis for perjury, and he is arrested, and in
due course of time he is tried, and in due
course of judicial procedure he is convicted,
and when convicted the judgment of the court
goes that he submit to the ordinary pains and
penalties of perjury, and that he be deprived
of the office of Senator, and that ho shall never
hold any other office of any kind or description
whatever.
Mr. HARRIS. Or we expel him.
Mr. HO Wii. The judgment of the law
makes it unnecessary for you to expel him.
On conviction he shall submit to these penal-
ties and be deprived of this office. Now, I do
not see any danger of getting your Chamber
full of rebels under this law, if you stand by
it; but, on the contrary, it does seem to me to
be a little harsh for yon to say, first, that a
man shall take an oath before he shall take a
seat here in addition to the oath to support
the Constitution of the United States, and that
you shall say then that that is a qualification
for office, and that you shall then enter into
an investigation of the question whether he
can take that oath truly or not; in other words,
try him before he has sworn; and finding that
he would bo guilty if he did swear, say that he
shall not take the oath at all; and really, act-
ually, and literally impose upon him one of
the heaviest penalties in that statute; that is,
deprive him of his office. I think that is rather
harsh. I would not like to do it. I do not
see any state of necessity that drives us to it.
I believe there is none.
Mr. POLAND. I believe when the report
was brought in fiom the Judiciary Committee
it was not ordered to be printed, and I desire
that that order shall be entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ The order
to print the report will be entered if there be
no objection.
Mr. POLAND. I do not intend to go into
any argument of the question at this time.
The facts that have been reported by the com-
mittee were agreed upon by all the members
of the committee. Although there was some
difference of opinion among the committee in
reference to the proper resolution to be re-
ported formally, the facts that are stated in
that report were agreed to by every member
of the committee. " There was no dispute in
reference to what the facts were. The vote
of the Senate to-day on the joint resolution
that was passed was a declaration on the part
of the Senate that Mr. Patterson, who presents
himself as a Senator here, is a fit and proper
man to be a Senator. It is a mere question of
form, it seems to me. If, in view of the facts
that are reported and of the action of the Sen-
ate that has been taken upon it, Senators see
fit to reject him, I certainly shall have no ob-
jection. It will be a matter for them to settle,
flot for me.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 21, nayo 11; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Buekalcw, Cowan, Davis, Doo-
little. Edmunds, Fes«enden, Foster, feuthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Howe, Johnson, Kirkwood, Lane, .Nor-
ton, Poland, Riddle, Sherman, Van Vt inkle, Willcy,
and Williams—21.
NATS—Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Howard, Nye,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross, Sumner, Trumbull, Wade,
and Yates—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Can-
ness, Cragm, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks,
McDougall, Morgan, Morrill, INesmith, Saulsbury,
Sprague, Stewart! Wilson, and Wrigllt—18.
So the resolution was adopted.
MESSAGE BROM THE IIOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had dis-
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (H, It. No. 737) making
appropriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30,1867,
and for other purposes, asked a further confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. James P. Wil-
son of Iowa, Mr. N. P. Banks of Massachu-
setts, and Mr. W. E. Niblack of Indiana, man-
agers at the same on its paft.
ENROLLED BILLS SJUNKD.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills; which
were thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore:
A bill (S. No. 43) to prescribe the mode of
settling the accounts of the clerk of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia ;
A bill (S. No. 358) for the relief of the trus-
tees and stewards of the Mission church of the
Wyandotte Indians;
A bill (S. No. 400) to fix the compensation
of certain collectors of customs, and for other
purposes; and
A bill (S. No. 447) for the admission of the
State of Nebraska into the Union.
CIVIL APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 737) making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the year ending June 30, 1887,
and for other purposes, disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, and
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, it was
Resolved, That the Senate further insist upon its
amendments, and further disagree to the amendments
of the House of Representatives to the amendments
of the Senate to the said bill, and agree to the further
conference asked by the House on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon.
Ordered, That, the managers on the part of the Sen-
ate bo appointed by the President pro tempore.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Harris, and Mr. Edjiunds.
POSTAL SERVICE.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. Nk. 815) supplemental
to the act to appropriate money for postal ser-
vices.
The bill proposes to appropriate $486,525
for carrying the mail upon the post roads
established by acts of Congress passed during
the first session of the Thirty-Ninth Congress
for the fiscal year ending June 30, 18G7.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a communication
from the Postmaster General in explanation of
that bill. If it is read it will satisfy everybody.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. That is not necessary.
The Post Office Committee have examined it,
and say it is all right.
Mr. RAMSEY. Very well.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to a third reading, read the third time, and
passed.
MASSACHUSETTS AND MAINE CLAIMS.
Mr. SUMNER. I desire to take up a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 143) respecting claims of
Massachusetts and Maine, which I reported
this m orning from the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itrequires
unanimous consent. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
The joint resolution was read.
Mr. BUCKALEW. I objected to proceed-
