isea
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ask attention to the following figures, which
were brought before the committee:
Cost of reporting House and joint committees Under old
system during three previous sessions.
first sessi0x thxkty-eisntii COKeKESS.
Conduct of tho war &1,8S5 00
Special committee relative to Hon. F. P.
Blair  135 00
Spccial committee relative to currency
printing  (>30 00
Committee on Naval Affairs  533 00
Committee on Public Expenditures  785 00
Committee on Public Expenditures  499 50
S4.187 50
third session thirty-seventh congress.
Conduct of tho war S3,240 50
Patent, Office investigation  214 00
Hon. Mr. Ashley  150 00
Ja.y Cooke & Co  40 00
$3,644^0
second session tiiiitty-seventh congress.
Conduct of the war . .....92,565 00
(government contracts  5.U00 00
Censorship ot the press    35S S,S
Conduct of lion. Benjamin Wood  203 00
Charles Henry Foster  24 75
$8.211_K3
Committee proceeding? reported by stenographer to com-
mittees durincr last half of last session, and amounts
utuler old rates oj pay:
Committee on Commerce, (Joint,) investigating trade
with rebel Btatcs    &700 00
Committee on Military Affairs, investigating
Old Capitol prison  500 00
Committee for the District of Columbia, in-
vestigating enlistments in the District
jail  100 00
Committee, special, (Joint,) investigating
ventilation of Halls of Congress    200 00
Committee, special, investigating Patent Of-
tice affairs      200 00
Committee, special, investigating assault on
Hon. Mr. Kolley  100 00
SI,800 00
In justice to the reporter. I will state that the
proceedings reported for committees by him,
during the last .session, from the 5th of January
to tin,' tHli of March amounted in the aggregate
to yl.KOO worth at. the old rates.
■Now, 1 will listen to anything that gentlemen
desire to say.
Mr. IIAIjB. The resolution under which
this stenographic reporter was appointed passed
in January, and J wish to call the atten-
tion of the House to the peculiar, language of
that resolution. 1 do it for the reason that I
think it is, upon its face, exceedingly blind and
uncertain, and for the further reason that I am
assured by gentlemen upon this floor that they
voted for the resolution under the idea that the
compensation was to be an entirely different
one fiom that which has been practically al-
lowed. The- resolution was as follows:
" Jiesoh-ed, That the Speaker appoint a competent
steno^i aphi ere porter, to continue in oIFiee until other-
wise entered by the House, whose duty it shall he to
repoit in short-hand, on the order of any of the stand-
ing or special com) nittees of the House, huf ll proceed-
ings as they may deem necessary, and when ordered
to bo printed, properly index and supervise tho pub-
lication of tho same, and who shall receive therefor
an annual compensation at the rate now allowed by
regulation for reporting court-martial proceedings."
I understand that the rate allowed by law for
reporting court-martial proceedings is ten dol-
lars a day for actual services.
I understand from gentlemen on the floor of
this House who voted for this resolution, that
when they voted they supposed that was to be
the rule for compensation here, ten dollars
a day for actual services. X understand that
the reporter appointed by the Speaker under
this resolution—appointed JanuaryCongress
closing its session on the -°>d of March follow-
ing—could only have spent, some sixty days in
service; and for those sixty days' services, or
so much as was necessary for him to perform
those duties, he has been allowed ten dollars a
day for the entire year. Now, I do not believe
that that rule of compensation was ever in-
terned to be adopted by this House, or is one
which tins House is now disposed to sustain.
More than that, it strikes me that the propo-
sition submitted by the Committee of Accounts
fails to reach the evil. They propose, not to do
away with this false andunjustrule of compen-
sation, nor 10 decrease it or limit it in any de-
gree, but to recognize Uncoupling with it a pro-
vision that certain work in bulk shall be done
by this reporter. Now, we all know what will
be tho effect of such a resolution. It will be
to give this reporter his ten dollars a day for
the entire year, whether he do much or little;
and we "all know that when he is called upon
to perform services, the compensation for which
at ordinary rates will amount to anything like
the amount reported by the Committee of Ac-
counts as having been paid for services here-
tofore, some eight thousand dollars a year, we
will be met at the close of the session with a
proposition for the allowance of extra compen-
sation, and it is perfectly certain that some way
will be found to get it through. In other words,
by tho amendment proposed to the original res-
olution by the gentleman from New Hampshire
[Mr. Rollixs] the reporter will continue to
draw the compensation whiehhe isnowallowed,
and which is out of proportion to the duties
which he has performed, and it seems to me it
leaves the House open to a claim from him for
extra compensation.
Mr. CONKLING. I would ask my colleague
[Mr. Hale] if a bond were required of the re-
porter for the performance of this duty, the bond
to be properly conditioned, would it obviate the
difficulty he suggests?
Mr. 1IAI.H. Tn my judgment it would cer-
tainly be an improvement; but f still think it
would leave the matter on a wrong basis. I
think we ought to employ reporters, when tho
services of any may be needed, at a fair com-
pensation for the services they may perform,
and not vote a round smn, in bulk, for services
which they may or may not perform.
Mr. ROLLINS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman from Now York [Mr. Iiai.h] that 'he
very coursc which ho now proposes for us to
follow has been the very course followed in the
past; and after a most careful, thorough, and
setutinizijig examination of this whole matter,
the Committee of Accounts have come to the
conclusion that the Government can save sev-
eral thousand dollars per annum by adopting
the resolution proposed by the committee. I
do not believe there was any disposition on the
part of the Committee of Accounts—I know
there was not—to continue this office one single
day unless it was for the interest of the G overn-
nicnt. 1 say to the gentleman that at tho outset
i thought it would be best to abolish the office.
1 commenced tho examination with the expecta-
tion of arriving at that conclusion; hut after a
careful examination 1 changed my opinion, and
the committee have unanimously reported this
resolution, for we believe that by doing so money
may bo saved to the Government. We believe
it is a matter of economy to pass this resolu-
tion ; and we believe that the gentleman who
is now performing the dut ies provided for by
the lesolution of last session will perform those
duties in accordance with the proviso added to
tho resolution, and in good faith; and ] have
no doubt ho will be willing to furnish a bond to
this House to that effect. '
Tf those who succeed to our places here shall
hereafter see fit to give additional compensation
to whoever may discharge these duties, 1 do not
know how we can bind them by any action we
may take. They can do as they please. 1 do
not expect thai any resolution we may pass here
will in any way bind any future House. And
if the gentleman from Now York | Mr. 11.v m;]
expects to accomplish any such result as that,
I apprehend ho will be entirely mistaken : he
will not accomplish his object. I will state that
our design is only to do what to us seems best
to save money to the Government, and we be-
lieve the passage of this resolution will accom-
plish that object. I now move the previous
question.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman withdraw-
that motion for a moment?
Mr. ROLLINS. Certainly.
Mr. HA LE. I by ii(i means design to impute
any improper motives to the action of the com-
mittee. and [ hope the gentleman does not so
understand me. Neither do I propose, by a
resolution, to attemptto bind any future House,
or to bind this House in its future action. I
concede the impossibility of doing that. But
the true remedy in this case is to repeal this
resolution of January, 1865, and in place of it
adopt a provision for the appointment of re-
porters of committees, if necessary, at a fair
compensation, to be determined by actual ser-
vice. And if the gentleman will allow me to
move such an amendment in order to take the:
sense of the House upon it, I will do so.
Mr. ROLLINS. I desire to say one word
more in justice to the reporter. At the last
session of Congress the amount reported by him,
according to the rates formerly paid, would have
required"the payment of SI,800. And he was
obliged to pay from his own purse a lar^e sum
for reporting committees, when it was impos-
sible for him to do the work, in consequence of
several committees sitting at the same time.
And if this resolution should be adopted, he
will be obliged in future, when two or more
committees are sitting at the same time, to em-
ploy outside help. And I think if he pays from
his own purse the money necessary to compen-
sate those additional reporters, the compensa-
tion of ten dollars a day, which the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] deems so exorbi-
tant, will not be unreasonably large.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ Will the
gentleman from New Hampshire yield to me
for one moment?
Mr. ROLLINS. I will.
Mr. WASHB (JRNE, of Illinois. I desire to
say only one word in regard to this matter. I
knew something in regard to the introduction
and passage of this resolution at tho last ses-
sion : and I knew the reasons which controlled
the House at that time—reasons which I fully
approve—first, on the score of economy, and
sccond, on the score of convenience, by having
a competent reporter at alltimes responsible to
the House, and at all times ready to perform
the duties which maybe required of him. These
weie the reasons for the introduction and pas-
sage of that resolution. I think it has been
shown -1 was not here when the gentleman
from New Hampshire commenced his speech,
but if he has not shown it, I can show it—that
it is absolutely a matter of economy to adhere
to the resolution of the last session, with the
explanatory amendment now proposed by the
Committee of Accounts. Iam informed .that
the figures in relation to this subject have been
read to the House ; and if those figures do not
lie, they show that the system adopted by the
House in tho resolution of the last session has
resulted in a large saving of money, as com-
pared with the system previously pursued. -
Now, sir, we have a reporter, a man who is
fully competent for the duties of his position;
and if this Congress shall have occasion for any-
thing like tho amount of reporting which was
done for tho last Congress, then, by adopting
the resolution proposed by the Committee of
Accounts, instead of picking up reporters, as
we formerly did, at the usual compensation, wo
shall save probably three or four thousand dol-
lars during this very session. Tf the House
should now dispense with this reporter, who is
now engaged in reporting for one of the com-
mittees', the joint committee on reconstruction,
we shall have to employ anotherreporterat the
ordinary compensation; and if we take a large
amount of testimony-—as we may or may not;
i say nothing about that—it will amount to a
much larger sum than that which we would pay
to the regular reporter now- employed under the
resolution of the last session.
Hence, by these two considerations—first, on
the score of economy, saving, as 1 'chink, a large
amount of money to the Government, and sec-
ond, the advantage of having a reporter who is
an officer of the House, a competent and re-
sponsible man, who can be called upon at all
times to do this work for the eommittoes—I am
induced to support tho resolution now submit-
ted by tlici Committee of Accounts.
Mr. ROLLINS. 1 move the previous ques-
tion.
