2326
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 1,
clads and war vessels of modern times can
.batter down and subdue the most formidable
fortifications that engineering skill and pa-
tience can erect; and the experience we have
had for the last five years in the great struggle
for the nation's life, which has happily termi-
nated so far as the trial of arms is concerned,
demonstrates to us conclusively that the whole
system of warfare has undergone a radical
change, and that hereafter it must be upon a
new scale and under different auspices to a very
great extent.
Indeed, there has been such a complete rev-
olution in our whole system of warfare and
defense that forts and fortifications to a very
great extent are giving away to other modes of
attack and defense. The system of gunboat
fighting upon our lakes, rivers, and other waters,
as exhibited during our recent conflict, has be-
come so efficient, and consequently so popular,
that the attention of Congress and the Govern-
ment has been and still will be turned toward
developing and extending it to a much larger
and more perfect system, and to give it still
greater efficiency. All will readily perceive,
however, that the efficiency of this practice of
warfare depends entirely upon the facilities
given to pass from point to point, from lake to
lake, and river to river; hence the necessity of
a more enlarged system of internal navigation.
The general efficiency which the use of rail-
roads and canals gives to a land force, by in-
creasing the rapidity of movement, is one of
the principal reasons in favor of this great
work, as the force of the upper lakes could be
thrown immediately upon Lake Ontario or back
again to the points above.
All these facilities the Canadian and British
Governments have in their internal communi-
cations between the rivers and the lakes, by
which, if they hold their territory, they can
visit every point on our lines of lake and river
coasts, batter down our forts and defenses,
lay waste our cities, and destroy our com-
merce. These are facts that are indisputable,
which no argument or sophistry can destroy or
cover up.
As J have before'stated, the coast from the
St. Lawrence to the western shore of Lake
Superior is over three thousand miles, and
forms a navigable water boundary for eight of
the most important producing and commercial
States of the Union, witli an aggregate popula-
tion in 18G0 of nine millions, while directly on
thjs coast, in towns, cities, and villages, are a
million of as enterprising, intelligent, and pa-
triotic citizens as we have, surrounded by all
the wealth that an agricultural, manufacturing,
and commercial prosperty can bring.
I<'rom these cities and through these lakes and
rivers we are told that more than one hundred
million bushels of grain, including wheat made
into flour, and other agricultural products in
proportion, are distributed annually to New
York, New England, and the Atlantic cities
north of and including Baltimore, for the con-
sumption of those States and for exportation
to foreign countries. This vast production, yet
only in its infancy, occupies more than two
thousand steam and sail vessels, measuring full
seven hundred thousand tons, which on their
return westward are always freighted with for-
eign and domestic merchandise. The annual
value of this trade already exceeds five hundred
million dollars. The arrest of this commerce
for a brief period would produce disaster both
to the Last and the West, to the producer and
the consumer. As the British Government is
constantly prepared for an aggressive war upon
all the lakes, complete lines of communication
being now open, and naval depots already con-
structed and furnished to a very great extent
what can prevent all this extensive coast, this
vast and constantly increasing commerce, from
suffering at the hands of our neighbors, should
hostilities ever be opened between us?
This proposed canal is the only link want-
ing to give free communication to us at all
times through and between all the great lakes
and the St. Lawrence for the vessels of the
largest size navigating the lakes. On the upper
lakes the commercial marine is almost exclu-
sively American, while on Lake Ontai-io and
the St. Lawrence it is largely Canadian. If
naval depots were established at proper points
on the lakes, our vessels of commerce, many
of them propellers, could be easily and speed-
ily converted into vessels-of-war, and with this
canal constructed, they could pass from lake
to lake and the St. Lawrencc as the exigen-
cies of the case might require. These facili-
ties are indispensable, especially from the fact
that the English Government has as great
and even greater within her borders. I may
say without exaggeration that no part of our
coast is so little protected, and in no instance
are so vast interests, both public and private,
allowed to remain so at the mercy of an un-
friendly Power, jealous of our prosperity and
national grandeur, and always ready on the
slightest pretense to assume a threatening atti-
tude and a hostile position.
But, Mr. Speaker, as necessary as this work
is in a military point of view, it is as necessary
to the commercial interests of the country, and
to all intere'sted in cheap transportation, which
will result in benefit both to the producer and
the consumer.
In 1862 at least thirty-two million bushels
of grain, including wheat manufactured into
flour, besides other agricultural products of
western States, passed from the upper lakes
into Lake Ontario through the Welland canal,
paying tribute to Canadian enterprise and add-
ing to Canadian prosperity. More than three
fourths of this grain found its way from Lake
Ontario and the St. Lawrence through Ameri-
can channels, to New York and New England;
nearly twenty millions of it being shipped east-
ward from Oswego and Cape Vincent, and
about five million bushels from Ogdensburg
over the Northern railroad. The trade from
the East to the West of course was correspond-
ingly large, and all paid tribute as before to
Canada as it passed through the AVelland canal.
It is said that the trade from the West to the
East is increasing annually at the rate of about
twenty per cent,., as the great jiroducingregions
of the West are being developed and industry
and enterprise are being stimulated. The trade
through the Canada canal into Lake Ontario,
and so on to tide-water, will increase in the
same proportion, I conclude, if this canal is not
constructed, for every facility that we can give
with our present, lines of communication by
additionsand completion will befurnished upon
the other side as a matter of policy, in order to
present every inducement to business and secure
every possible benefit.
To this end arrangements will be speedily
completed for the enlargement of the Welland
canal to accommodate our largest-sized vessels,
which it cannot now accommodate, and which
trade upon the upper lakes; so that, without a
canal upon the American side, the Welland
canal will certainly continue to reccive its
present proportion of trade, or nearly so, even
when the trade shall have reached a greatly
increased amount, as it is destined to do.
Trade will go where it has the greatest induce-
ments held out to it. This will be conceded
by all, for it is the experience of every man
of business. How easy it is, in the absence
of this competing route, for Canada to so
discriminate in favor of vessels and cargoes
going to Montreal, by such a regulation of
tolls as will divert the trade to Canadian chan-
nels ; in fact, American interests are entirely
in and under her control in this regard while
we have no competing route or connection
between the lakes. If it be said that the
New York canals and railroads are competing
routes to the sea-board, and are sufficient for
all present and future wants, I deny it. As
before said, trade will go where it pleases.
Inducements alone can lead and control it,
and it will go just as far as it can possibly by
vessel toward tide-water without breaking bulk,
for it is the interest of both producer, con-
sumer, and forwarder so to dp. But, sir, the
channels of communication as at present exist-
ing are not adequate to the present demands
of commerce, and can in nowise meet the
demands of the great future.
A committee of the New York Legislature
reported a little more than a year ago "that
during a considerable portion of the last three
years the enlarged canals had been taxed to
their utmost capacity, not from deficiency in
the main trunk, but from the impossibility of
passing more boats through the locks." And
everybody knows that the railroads connecting
the East and the West cannot take for quite a
portion of the time all the freight that is offered
in any reasonable time. So great is the neces-
sity for more and larger outlets to the Atlantic
to meet the constantly increasing wants of the
West, so rapidly developing itself, that the Illi-
nois and Wisconsin Legislatures about two
years ago appointed some of their most intel-
ligent citizens to visit the Canadian authorities
to urge upon them the necessity of enlarging
the Welland canal, and the early construction,
ofthe proposed canal between the Georgian bay
and Montreal. This completed, and Montreal
would be nearer by water route to Chicago
than Buffalo is by twenty miles, and .nearer
than New York is by nearly five hundred miles.
With this work constructed we shall be obliged
to enlarge all our present lines so as to carry
largely and cheap, and open up every possible
avenue of trade that will tend to reduce trans-
portation from the West to the Atlantic cities,
or we shall lose the ascendency we now hold
and sutler in a corresponding degree.
It may be urged here that if the locks of
the Erio canal were sufficiently enlarged there
would be no necessity for the proposed ship-
canal. I reply, in the first place, that with the
ship-canal the Erie canal with its enlarged
locks will have all it can do, and cannot meet
the demands upon it when the immense in-
crease of trade of the future seeks an outlet to
the East; and in the second place, that if the
ship-canal be not constructed the Erie cana'
will not get the trade the ship-canal would get
if constructed, for the reason that it will go
where it now goes, through the Welland canal,
which will have been put in a condition tc
induce trade to seek its channel.
And again, the further toward the point of
destination you can send produce in large
quantities in vessel without breaking bulk the
cheaper will be the cost of transportation, and
in this instance there would be a correspond-
ing gain in point of time. All these advan-
tages will be seized, and we should look at the
question prac tically and act accordingly.
Captain Williams, a distinguished engineer
to whom I have before referred, who surveyed
the different proposed routes for this ship-
canal by order of the Government, and made
his report, which is on file, upon careful esti-
mates, no doubt correctly made, says that
produce from a given point West can be taken
through to tide-water by way of the proposed
ship-canal and, of course, by the Welland
canal, when of sufficient size, for nearly thirty
per cent, less than by Buffalo and the Erie
canal, for the reason, among others which I
have already mentioned, that but little if any
more is charged per ton or bushel to Oswef;,*
by lake when once aboard than to Buffalo,
while you have saved one hundred and twenty
miles of artificial navigation and only increased
the whole distance fifteen miles. This is a
simple proposition but nevertheless true, and
will bear investigation.
_ By having such a canal upon the American
side we would get all the benfit3 of such a com-
munication and be better able to control the
commerce and keep it within our own terri-
tory, and by offering it such inducements as
our increased facilities would allow us to do
we could direct it to tide-water through our
own markets, and greatly to the benefit of our
own people. This is our duty, and we should
not let the occasion pass without embracing
it. I want gentlemen from the West who pro-
duce, and gentlemen from the East who con-
sume, to understand that there is no way in
which you can get so near together and secure
so cheap transportation as to open up this con-
