I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
difficult to sift from the mass of. verbiage with
which they abound the few points on which
their arguments turn. I state them as briefly
as possible.
It is said, in the first place, that the people of
this District have shown by a large majority that
they do not desire impartial manhood suffrage.
The right of Copgress, and not the people of
this District, to settle this matter, is clear and
undoubted, and is acknowledged by those wlio
oppose this bill. For my own part, I consider
the possession of this right 'a sufficient reason
for its exercise "; the aet, being in itself just,
wise, and necessary, and dictated by the high-
est and best principles of governmental policy.
It is not for the people of this District, espe-
cially that portion of them who voted at the late
pretended election, to authorize the continued
disfranchisement of any class in their midst.
"Governments are instituted among men, de-
riving their just powers from the consent of the
governed.'' This principle is sufficient to base
an all-conclusive answer to this the first reason
given against this measure of justice.
We are told, again, that the people to be en-
franchised are pool-, ignorant, and incapable of
enjoying the rights of citizenship.
A renewed recital of the statistics of their
condition in this District is an ample answer to
all this.
The colored people in this District, number-
ing about twenty thousand, own twenty-one
churches, the maintenance of which costs an-
nually $20,000. They support thirty-three day
schools, and pay taxes on one and a quarter
million dollars' worth of real property. Three
thousand and odd have served in the Army of
the Union, of whom one thousand have fallen in
battle and by disease in defense of the country.
They have over four thousand church mem-
bers. In twenty-two Sunday schools they have
over three thousand scholars. Their property
is taxed to aid in the education of the white
children, while tlicy suppoit their own schools.
The report of the superintendent of colored
schools for the month of December shows an
attendance at forty-five schools of five thousand
six hundred and eighteen pupils. Nino other
schools, having in November live hundred and
sixty pupils, are not included in this report.
There are two excellent, industrial schools, with
one hundred and forty-seven pupils. Not one
of these schools is sustained by the municipal
authorities of either Washington or George-
town. They are supported by benevolent or-
ganizations. In addition, there are the schools
under the Freedmen's Commission, which have
a large number of pupils.
They take over four thousand copies of the
two Republican papers of this District, and, be
it said to their credit, not many subscribers can
be found among them for the organs of caste
and prejudice. This oppressed and injured race,
who are so poor and ignorant as to be incapa-
ble, in the judgment of gentlemen on the other
side of the House, of voting intelligently, sup-
port thirty "benevolent, literary, and civic or-
ganizations," which contribute to their intelli-
gence, and care for their poor and needy.
The city supports but few colored paupers.
They will show as large a proportion of chil-
dren growing up with education as any other
laboring community can. Sir, it is not too much
to say that the colored people of this District
show as good tests of intelligence, so far as that
can be seen by the proportion of education
among them, the amount of religious charac-
ter, the quality of industry, freedom from pov-
erty, payment of taxes, and loyalty as evinced
by military service, us can be found in the con-
stituencies of gentlemen speaking in opposition
to this bill.
The only reply made to all these proofs of
character, industry, and intelligence is, that
'' this is a white man's G overnment.'' The Con-
stitution is fiercely invoked to sustain this dogma,
while the mutilation of historical evidence is
as complete as political deception can devise.
Mr. Speaker, I am proud enough of my race,
its progress, its condition, and its achievements.
1 am too proud, sir, to fear the competition of
the swarthy scions of another and unfortunate
one. I do not share in the solicitude which
seems to torture the minds of the opponents of
this bill, as they dwell with words of horror
and alarm on the prospect of competition be-
tween the constituencies they represent and
the colored people of this District, just emer-
ging into the full rights of American citizenship.
My pride in the white race leads me to honor
Sir Philip Sidney, when he declared—
" That the poorer and more degraded ahuman being,
the nearer he comes to the sympathy of a true gen-
tleman."
And I honor, too, the jurist—I think it was
Judge Harrington, of Vermont—who would not
acknowledge a man to be a slave unless a bill
of sale from God was shown him. I am proud
of my race when I remember the motive that
dictated Jefferson's testimony when he declared
that "he trembled for his country when he
remembered that God was just." 1 am so sure
of the supremacy of my race, that I cannot ac-
knowledge want of capacity for competition,
as inferred from the arguments of the Opposi-
tion, when they plead lor laws excluding a por-
tion of the loyal people of this District from an
"equal chance in the race of life." Nor have
I any fear of social equality or of a social rev-
olution because wc give to the poor and the
unfortunate the right of political self-defense.
But "this is a white man's Government," say
the authoritative representatives of the Dem-
ocratic party of the country again and again. I
shall endeavor to show as compactly as I can
the utter falsity of the declaration as taken in
the sense used by gentlemen on the other side
of the House. I shall show that by all the
methods in which association with and service
for this Union is recognized the American col-
ored man has always been included within the
term "people," and been esteemed a citizen of
the Republic. Let us sec from the records of
history how far the facts assure the truth of this
assertion. The Constitution ofthe United Suites
does not deny this. The Articles forming the
original Confederation include no provision set-
ting forth such a limitation. 'The Declaration
is explicit, and directly in opposition to this
dogma. A majority of the original State con-
stitutions lisp no syllabic sustaining it. All the
declarations, sentiments, and writings of the
leading men ofthe Revolution breathe a spirit
to the contrary of this proseripti ve heresy. Now,
sir, to the proof. It is asserted that the term
"people" did not include free colored persons.
On the 25th of June, 1778, the Continental
Congress decided that the word " white" should
not be included in the fourth article. This pro-
vides that the " free inhabitants of each ofthe
States (paupers, vagabonds, and fugitives from
justice excepted,) shall be entitled to all the
privileges and immunities of free citizens in
the several States." South Carolina moved to
insert.the word " white." ElevenStatcs voted :
two sustained the motion ; one was divided:
eight States voted against it. Thus the fathers
affirmed the right of the free colored man to vote
and share the Government with the free whites.
Another and similar proposition was also re-
jected.
This same Congress twice passed laws for the
government of territory ceded to the United
States by the several Slates. These were the
acts of April 2:i, 1781, for the government of
such territory, and of July IS, 1787, for the
government of whatwasknown as the " North-
west Territory." In neither of these acts was
the right of suffrage restricted to white persons.
On the contrary, the discussion at the time of
adoption was explicit upon that question. Sir,
it is surprising that at this late day, when all
the facts bearmg upon this question have been
so thoroughly sifted, and never successfully
controverted, anybody can be found who will
deny that free persons of color participated
equally with the whites in the organization of
the Government; in voting upon all measures
establishing the Confederation ; in the adoption
of the present Constitution; and that in a ma-
jority of the States forming the Union they exer
eised the elective franchise.
The constitution of Massachusetts provides
that every male person twenty-one years of age,
residing one year in the town, and owning a
freehold valued at three pounds, or an estate
of the value of sixty pounds, should have the
right to vote.
Rhode Island, by its colonial charter, pro-
vides that members of her General Assembly
should be elected by " the major portion of the
freemen of the respective towns or places."
Connecticut provided only that forty shil-
lings freehold, or personal estate valued at forty
pounds, '' with mature years and civil beha-
vior, '' should he the qualification for electors.
New York gave the franchise to ci every male
inhabitant" possessing certain qualifications,
among which color was not enumerated.
New Jersey said, " all inhabitants of the col-
ony of full age" possessing certain qualifica-
tions, among which was not mentioned color,
should be entitled to vote for all officers elected
by the people. The gentleman from New Jer-
sey knows well that under this provision free
men of color voted in that State for many
years.
Pennsylvania said, "all freemen" of the age
of twenty-one, who had resided one year in the
State and paid taxes, should be entitled to vote.
Not white men, but "alLfreemen," is the words
of the original constitution of that State.
Delaware said in her bill of rights:
" Every freeman having sufficient evidence of per-
manent common interest with and attachment to the
community hath the right of suffrage."
This is a declaration amply sufficient to cover
every point in the bill we are now discussing.
" Havingsuflicient evidence of permanent com-
mon interest." Will any candid man deny the
evidence of this common interest which has been
presented here?
Maryland provided that "all freemen" over
twenty-one, and possessing a freehold of fifty
acres, and having property in the State valued
above thirty pounds, should have the right of
suffrage.
Virginia made in her bill of rights the same
declaration 1 have quoted from Delaware.
North Carolina gave the right of suffrage to
"all freemen" who had resided a certainperiod
in the State and paid taxes.
Georgia made no distinctions of color. That
State required for the exercise of the franchise
only that the voter should be a free man, be
twenty-one years old, have resided and paid
taxes in the State for six months preceding the
election.
South Carolina alone—from the beginning the
marplot of our republican councils—inserted
the word "white" after "free" and before
"man," in articles fixing qualifications for
electors in that State.
With this exception, and those of Virginia
and Delaware, though theirdeclaration of rights
were broad enough to cover all free persons, the
exercise of the right'of suffrage was regulated
by statutory enactment. All the other States
included among their electors free persons of
color. In no State constitution, except South
Carolina, was it limited by term to the whito
man. Is that State the model upon which gen-
tlemen desire to mould this nation ? Are not
the facts thus collated sufficient to refute the
assertion that the, American colored man had
no lot or part in the organization of this Gov-
ernment? If the proofs of the long-continued
exercise ofthe elective franchise, continuing in
most of' the States during the first forty and best
years of the Republic, do not overthrow such
baseless assertions, what then will?
But, sir, it is not only the enactments of the
Continental Congress, and ofthe different States
which foi-med this Union, but still more expli-
citly do the founders of this Republic give back
the libel now sought to lie fastened upon them.
The early pages of our history teem with their
declarations, both as individuals and as mem-
bers of the Government. In 1779 the Conti-.
nental Congress announced, in a pamphlet or-
dered to be printed, that—
"The f;rc.it principle, [of "rovernmentj i? sold will*
ever remain in force, that men are by nature free; as
