1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4247
Mr. WILSON. I hope the Senator will have
it read.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will state the substance
of it. It provides that all soldiers enlisted after
April 19, 1861, for a period of three years, and
have been honorably discharged, and who have
received or are entitled to receive under ex-
isting laws a bounty of $100, shall be paid an
additional bounty of $100 each; and that any
such soldier who enlisted for less than three
years and has been honorably discharged on
account of wounds received in the line of duty,
and the widow and heirs of any such soldier
who died in the service of the United States
or of disease and wounds contracted while in
the service and in the line of duty, shall be
paid the additional bounty. All who have
served three years under an enlistment for
three years and been honorably discharged
get $100; where they have not served the three
years under an enlistment for three years, but
have been discharged on account of wounds or
sickness incurred in the line of duty, they or
their widows or heirs are to have §100. In
case the enlistment was for two years, as it
seems to have been in some of the States, the
bounty is fifty dollars. The conferees on the
part of the House say they have inade a care-
ful estimate of the cost that this will involve,
and it will amount to about sixty-five million
dollars.
Mr. CONNESS. Is there any provision to
prevent assignments?
Mr. SHERMAN. The same as in the other
proposition.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Does this contain the
same provision with respect to bounties here-
tofore received?
Mr. HOWE. Does it apply to soldiers en-
listed after October 17, 1863?
Mr. SHERMAN. The other provisions are
similar to those contained in the Senate bill
about bartering, transferring, &c. It is, in
brief, a bounty of $100 for three years' men
■who got but $100 bounty, and fifty dollars to
two years' men. Those who got more than
$100 bounty, or are by law entitled to more
than §100, are excluded.
Mr. WILSON. I hope we shall agree to
that proposition.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senate may instruct
tiie (5Qi)f0i'0gs,
Mr. JOHNSON. I should like to know from
my friend, the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, whether the Government can get ou
without the other appropriations in this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My judgment is that
the bill is not so necessary as that we should
throw away $65,000,000 to save it. Undoubt-
edly it contains many important provisions for
the support of the Government, but I do not
think their passage is of sufficient importance
to authorize any gentleman who thinks this
money ought not to.be taken out of the Treas-
ury to change his opinion. Each Senator must
decide for himself.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the com-
mittee of conference be instructed to agree to
that proposition of the House.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I would inquire whether
it would not be better, in consideration of the
situation of the Treasury and the finances, that
either the whole or a part of this at least should
be provided for in the shape of bounty land-
warrants.
Mr. SHERMAN. We proposed that to the
House conferees and they rejected it at once.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The proper motion, I
suppose, would be to recommit the report to
the committeee with instructions to agree to
that proposition.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say a word
in regard to this proposition. Under no pos-
sible circumstances can the amount under it go
beyond sixty-six or sixty-seven millions. You
know jirecisely the number of men included,
and there is no trouble in telling how much
money will be required. There is another thing
about it; it cannot, be paid under two years and
a half or three years at best, so that it will not
take more than $80,000,000 a year out of the
Treasury.
Mr. HOWE. Is it to be paid in bonds?
Mr. SHERMAN. No; it is to be paid in
money. I would never agree to issue bonds to
the soldiers, for that would be a confession of
insolvency.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think we shall do an
altogether wiser thing to adhere to the resolu-
tion which we have adhered to so far, not at
this late moment to undertake by a sudden dash
to adopt a proposition which is not even read to
us, and which we cannotcomprehendthedetails
of or its application at this time. Now hear-
ing it stated once and hearing it talked of, there
are several objections (aside from the general
one which has been submitted) which occur to
me. They are objections to me; they may not
be to others.
In the first place, like all the previous prop-
ositions, it does not provide for those soldiers
who have been discharged from service on ac-
count of disease contracted in it, while the pen-
sion laws always do, and while this very prop-
osition itself agrees to the principle of that by
giving this bounty to the widows of those who
actually died. All those soldiers are excluded.
The most needy, the most deserving of any
(except those who are totally disabled) are those
who have been discharged from sickness con-
tracted in the line of their duty, and from which
a great many of them have never recovered,
and who are more objects of pity and commis-
eration than any other class of soldiers what-
ever.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very easy to amend
it in that respect.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I am speaking of the
proposition as it is. In the next place it ap-
pears to me to be altogether unjust to shut out
all that large class, the soldiers who, by the
pressure of necessity or by the devices of sharp-
ers, agents, andfraudulentor pretended friends,
have been induced to assign their rights to
bounty. In the pension laws we never do that,
but on the contrary, we give to the soldier his
pension and declare that the assignee shall have
no part of it. 1 consider a provision of that
description to be radically unjust,. The soldier
is easily imposed upon when he returns; an
agent gets hold of him and gets an assignment.
Now, we propose to prevent the agent from
getting this bounty by declaring that the sol-
dier shall not have it! We depart from the
theory we have always pursued in providing
for the soldiers by way of pensions.
I think it wrong in that respect, and I think
it wrong, as I said before, in the respect that
it gives to a soldier who served his three years
and took the bounty which was then provided
—and which would then buy as much flour or
bread, almost, as the increased bounty given
afterward, on account of the depreciation of
the currency and the increase in the price of
all the commodities used m life—an increase
of $100, while to his fellow-soldier who re'en-
listed from the same regiment it gives nothing;
so that it is really now, when the facts come
to be seen, a premium to the soldier who re-
fused to reeulist and a discrimination against
the one who did reenlist and fight it through.
I do nol want to occupy the time of the Senate,
but I think it altogether unwise and unsafe to
hastily dash at this proposition in this way.
Mr. WILSON. The veterans who reiinlisted
received $100 bounty for reenlisting and had
a year of their time given in. They enlisted
in reality for six years and we gave back one
year and, $500 bounty, whereas the men who
served out their full time of three years got
only $100 bounty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is true.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose, as
this matter is understood, to say anything
about it in the way of argument. _ I have in-
timated my opinions in regard to it and what
my vote will be. All I ask is that we may lake
the question by yeas and nays, as I desire to
record my vote against the proposition.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HENDERSON. When the bounty bill
was up before I cast my vote for it, but under
the instructions now proposed to be given to
this committee of conference ten regiments of
troops in my State will receive no bounty under
it; men who did as valuable service as any
men who enlisted during the war; men who
enlisted in the State service in the spring of
1861, and in the fall of that year enlisted for
three years or during the war, and served as
United States troops up to the summer of 1805.
In the spring of 18G2 when I came here, sup-
posing, as our military men there supposed,
that there was some defect in the muster-in, I
secured the adoption of an amendment on a
bill which was passed by Congress, legalizing
the muster-in of those troops. Still, under a
decision of the Solicitor of the War Depart-
ment they have been deprived of any bounty.
At an early part of this session I introduced a
measure to remedy that injustice, and had it
referred to the Military Committee. They kept
that bill until a few days ago when they reported
it here along with the general bill increasing
the bounties, or, as it is called, equalizing the
bounties, thereby forcing me to vote for the
proposition to give additional bounties to all
other troops in order to get even a single bounty
for those ten regiments of soldiers who, I re-
peat, did as valuable service as any men in
this war, and who have never received any
bounty. There are here certificates as to their
conduct on the battle-field from every military
commander in Missouri and in Arkansas under
whom they served. Only about five hundred
men of those regiments received any bounty,
and the War Department say that was paid to
them under a mistake, alleging improperly that
they were State troops and not United States
troops, although they were recognized as Uni-
ted States troops by act of Congress.
Under the proposed instructions the com-
mittee of conference can only allow bounty
to those soldiers who have heretofore received
a bounty of $100, or are authorized to receive
it by law. Under the construction of the War
Department these men are not authorized to
receive bounty, and therefore 1 am now re-
quired to vote to increase the bounty to oilier
troops $100 and to give nothing whatever to
these ten regiments raised in my own State,
who are just as much entitled to it as any
troops that served during the war.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator whether
if any classes are now omitted that may not be
remedied by an amendment at the next ses-
sion. If this bill be passed now, can we not
amend it next year in any respect where it may
be found defective?
Mr. HENDERSON. These troops were in-
cluded in the bill of the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts, and the Committee on Military
Affairs, after mature examination, reported
that these troops should be included. If I am
required to vote any bounty, I think I must
insist upon giving it to these ten thousand
men in my Stale. They certainly would look
at me with wonder and astonishment it I had
voted for giving $200 to other soldiers and
nothing to t hem. If 1 were to do that I should
be ashamed to go before them again. I have
not pressed the matter, because 1 did not sup-
pose it was the feeling of Congress at the pres-
ent session to increase the bounties. I con-
fess that I have not shown much anxiety to
increase the bounties ; but now, at the close
of the session, I am asked to ignore the ser-
vices of these ten thousand men and to vote
$200 bounty to other soldiers, and to say they
shall have nothing. If under any circum-
stances we are to pass any measure of this
kind, we certainly should have a proposition
that would include these rnen.
Mr. CONNESS. I simply rise to suggest
that if this proposition be adopted by way of
instruction to the committee of conference, it
ought to be with the understanding that the
committee shall have power to make some
changes in it. For instance, the .suggestion
of the Senator from Vermont- that it should
