4248
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
extend to crippled arffl disabled soldiers, is
certainly correct.
Several Senators. It does.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to leave some
discretion to the committee.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is that the report be recommitted to the
committee of conference with instructions to
accept the House proposition stated by the
Senator from Ohio.
Mr. EDMUND.S. I move to amend the
instructions, so that instead of those soldiers
who have assigned their claims being prohib-
ited from receiving bounty the committee shall
report a provision that those soldiers shall have
the bounty and no assignee shall be entitled to
any part of it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will move one further
amendment, and that is that the committee be
instructedfcto endeavor to procure an agree-
ment to extend this bounty to those soldiers
who were discharged on account of disease
contracted in the line of duty.
Several Senators. That is in.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I do not so understand
it. It extends to the widows of those who died
of disease contracted in the line of duty, but
not to those men themselves if they are living.
My object is to put them on the same foot-
ing here that they are put under the pension
laws.
Mr. AYILSON. I will simply say that not
one in twenty of the men who were discharged
from the Army on account of disease were
ever injured by their service. During the first
year and a half of the war almost any one
could get off on that plea ; a regiment would
bo brought into the field and before they ever
looked an enemy in the face two or three hun-
dred men would be discharged, and scarcely
one of them have any permanent disease.
The amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Teumbull.]
Mr. NYE. I desire to say that on this vote I
am paired with the Senator from New York,
[Mr. Moroan.]
The question being taken by yeas and nays
resulted—yeas 28, nays 5 ; as follows:
YKAS— JBuckalew, Chandler, Conness,
Cowan, Croswoll. Davis, Doojittlo, Guthrie, Harris,
Howard, llowo, Johnson, Ivirkwood, Lane, Norton,
INmieroy, Rnmscv, Kiddle, lioss, Sherman, Stewart.
Trumbull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willoy, Williams,
Wilson, and Yates—28.
NAYS—Messrs. Edmunds, Fcssenden, Foster, Hen-
derson, nnd Sumner—5.
AJiiSBNT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Cra-
fiin, Dixon, Fowler, Grimes, Hendricks, MoDougall,
Morsau. Morrill, Ncsmith, Nyo, Poland, Saulsbury,
Sprague, and Wright—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
executive session.
On motion of Mr. DOOBITTLE, (at ten
minutes past five o'clock a. m.,) the Senate
proceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and remained in executive session
till ten minutes before seven o'clock a. m.,
when the doors were reopened.
civil. APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. ^ SIIERMA.N. I am directed by the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the bill (H. R. No.
737) making appropriations for sundry civil
expenses of Government for the year ending
June 00, 1807, and for other purposes, to sub-
mit a report. I will state that this is precisely
the report that was made beforfe, except that
in pursuance of the instructions of the Senate
we have added the bounty proposition which
was offered by the House and stated to the
Senate before.
Several Senators. It need not be read.
Mr. SHERMAN. On this statement, per-
haps the Senate will dispense with the reading
of Ike report.
_ ThePRESIDINGOFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The reading of the report may
be dispensed with by unanimous consent. The
Chair hears no objection.
The report was concurred in.
Several Senators. Let us take a recess.
Mr. SHERMAN. „My impression is that we
had better wait awhile to see what the House
does with this report.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
without amendment the bill (S. No. 205) to
protect the manufacturers of mineral waters
in the District of Columbia, and for other pur-
poses.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 247) donating certain lots in
the city of Washington for schools for colored
children in the District of Columbia; and
A bill (H. li. No. 815) supplemental to the
act to appropropriate money for postal ser-
vices.
reports 03? committees.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Elizabeth R. Smith, widow of Lieutenant R.
H. Smith, United States third artillery, re-
ported a bill (S. No. 451) for the relief of
Mrs. Elizabeth R. Smith; which was read and
passed to a second reading.
Mr. IiAMSEY, from the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Andrew Russell's heirs, submitted
a report thereon; which was ordered to be
printed.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On motion of Mr. DOOLITTL.E, the Senate
again proceeded to the consideration of exec-
utive business. At ten minutes past seven
o'clock, a. m., (Saturday, July 28,) the doors
were reopened, and the Senate adjourned to
meet at nine o'clock a. m.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Frio at, July 27, 18G6.
The House met at eleven o'clock a. rn.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. C. R. Boynton.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, the reading of
the Journal was dispensed with.
horatio stone.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, the
Committee on Appropriations were discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of Horatio Stone, and the same was referred
to the Committee on the Library.
william b. coates.
On motion of Mr. FARNSWORTH, the
Committee on Appropriations were discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of William B. Coates, and the same was re-
ferred to the Committee on Patents.
pacific railroad committee clerk.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there be paid to J". H. Riley, who
has been acting as clerk to the Committee on tho
Pacific railroad, compensation for thirty days at the
same rate that is allowed to tho clerk of the Commit-
tee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was agreed to ; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
direct tax in wjsst virginia.
Mr. ALLISON, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back, with a sub-
stitute, Senate joint resolution No. 90, to sus-
pend the collection of the direct tax within the
State of West Virginia.
Mr. ALLISON. I will explain briefly the
substitute which has been very carefully pre-
pared at the Treasury Department. Its object
is to divide the direct tax assessed in 1861
between the States of Virginia and West Vir-
ginia. I believe there is no objection t~ in
the part of the members from West Virginia.
The bill also provides for the repeal of that
portion of th'e amendment to the direct tax
law of 1862, which requires deeds for property
sold at tax sales to bo executed by the Presi-
dent of the United States, leaving the certifi-
cate of sale prima facie evidence of title, as
under the original act of 1862. I call the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The joint resolution, as amended, was then
passed.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to atnend tho title
so that it shall read "to provide for the ascer-
tainment and apportionment of the proper
quota of the direct tax of 1861 to the State of
West Virginia, and for other purposes."
The amendment was agreed to.
collectors of customs.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from tha
Committee of Ways and Means, reported back,
with amendments, Senate bill No. 400, to fix
the compensation of certain collectors of cus-
toms, and for other purposes.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I wish to inquire of the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper]
how much this bill increases the pay of the
collectors of Boston, New York, and the other
places named.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Not any.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How much does it increase
the pay of appraisers?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. It raises
it from &2,5UO in some cases and §2,000 in
others to 00.
Mr. ELIOT. Will the gentleman inform the
House how many new ports of entry are created
by this bill?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. My im-
pression is that only two are created, Corpus
Christiand Brazos Santiago ; perhaps only one,
Corpus Christi.
Mr. ELIOT. I have to say that this mat-
ter has been before the Committee on Com-
merce, and this bill, it seems to me, ought
properly to be referred to that committee be-
fore it is acted on by the House. So far as
Corpus Christi, in the State of Texas, is con-
cerned, an inquiry has been made and an ex-
amination been had before the Committee on
Commerce; and we have come to the conclu-
sion that the public interest do not require that
there should be a port of entry created at this
time at Corpus Christi. Of course I can have
no personal feeling in tho matter, and' if the
House shall see fit to create a port of entry at
that place, the Committee on Commerce will
have discharged their duty. Now, I would call
the attention of the House to the fact that while
it may be true that at some future day it will be
necessary, for the purposes of commerce, there
shall be a port of entry at Corpus Christi, in
the judgment of the Committee on Commerce
that time has not yet arrived. It is very well
known that the creation for a new port of en-
try involves expenditures necessary to pay offi-
cers of the customs. And unless a case be
made out beyond controversy, I think it would
hardly be right for Congress to provide for the
creation of additional ports of entry. There is
no reason why at the present time any other
expenses should be incurred than those inci-
dent to a port of delivery at Corpus Christi.
If the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Hooper] will yield I will move that that part
of the bill be stricken out which creates a port
of entry at Corpus Christi.
Mr. IIOOPER, of Massachusetts. I cannot
yield for that purpose.
Mr. ELIOT. Then I shall have to oppose
the whole bill.
