3288
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
visable so to do. If the amount bid shall not be then
and there paid, the officer shall forthwith proceed to
again sell said estate in the same manner; and upon
such sale and the payment of the purchase money
shall give to the purchaser a certificate of purchase,
which shall set forth the real estate purchased, for
whose taxes the same was sold, the name of the pur-
chaser, and the price paid therefor; and if the said
real estate be not redeemed in the manner and within
the time hereinafter provided, then the said collector
or deputy collector shall execute to the said pur-
chaser, upon his surrender of said certificate, a deed
of the real estate purchased by him as aforesaid, and
in accordance with the laws of the State in which
such real estate is situate upon the subject of sales
of real estate under execution, which said deed shall
be prima facie evidence of the facts therein stated;
and if the proceedings of the officer as set forth
have been substantially in accordance with the pro-
visions of this act, shall be considered and operate
as a conveyance of all the right, title, and interest of
the party delinquent had in and to the real estate
thus sold at the time the lien of the United States
attached thereto. Any person whose estate may be
proceeded against as aforesaid shall have the right
to pay the amount due, together with the costs and
charges thereon, to the collcctor or deputy collector,
at any time prior to the sale thereof, and all further
proceedings shall cease from the time of such pay-
ment. The owners of any real estate sold as afore-
said, their heirs, executors, or administrators, or any
person having anyintercst therein, or a Hen thereon,
or any person in their behalf, shall be permitted to
redeem the land sold as aforesaid, or any particular
tract thereof, at any time within one year after the
sale thereof, upon payment to the purchaser, or in
case he cannot be found in the county in which the
land sought to be redeemed is situate, then to the col-
lector of the district in which the land is situate, for
the use of the purchaser, his heirs or assigns, the
amount paid by the purchaser and interest thereon
at the rate of twenty per cent, per annum. And any
collector or deputy collector may, for the collection
of taxes or duties imposed upon any person or for
which any person may be liable by this act, and
committed to him for collection, seize and sell the
lands of such person situated in any other collection
district within the State in which such officer re-
sides; and his proceedings in relation thereto shall
have the same effect as if the same wore had in his
proper collection district. And it shall be the duty
of every collcctor to keep a record of alJ sales of land
made in his collection district, whether by himself
or his deputies or by another collector, in which shall
be set forth the tax for which any sale was made, the
dates of seizure and sale, the name of the party
assessed, and all proceedings in making said sale,
the amount of fees and expenses, the name of the
purchaser, and the date of the deed, which record
shall be certified by the officer making the sale. And
it shall be the duty of any deputy making sale as
aforesaid to return a statement of ail his proceedings
to the collector, and to certify the record thereof.
And in case of the death or removal of the collcctor
or tho expiration of his term of office from any other
cause said record shall be delivered to his successor
in office; and a copy of every such record, certified by
the collector, shall be evidence in any court of the
truth of the facts therein stated. And when any
lands sold as aforesaid shall be redeemed as herein-
before provided, the collector shall make an entry of
the fact upon the record aforesaid, and the said entry
shall be evidence of such redemption. And when
any property, personal or real, seized and sold by
virtue of the foregoing provisions, shall not be suf-
ficient to satisfy tho claim of the Unitod States for
which distraint or seizure may be made against any
person whoso property may bo so seized and sold, the
collector may thereafter, and as often as tho same
may be necessary, proceed to seize and sell, in like
manner, any other property liable to seizure of such
person until the amount due from him, together with
all expenses, shall be fully paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance a question
in regard to this twenty per cent, that is re-
quired to redeem the property within the year.
If in two months the owner proposes to redeem,
or does redeem it, is he to pay one sixth of the
amount of twenty per cent, to redeem the
property ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That is the understanding,
then.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be proceeded with.
The Committee on Finance proposed to insert
after the amendment just adopted the following
clause:
Thatsection thirty-four be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting the follow-
ing: that each collector shall be charged with the
whole amount of taxes, whether contained in lists
delivered to him by the assessors, respectively, or de-
livered or transmitted to him by any assistant assess-
ors from time to time, or by other collectors, stamps
with the additions thereto, with the par value of all
deposited with him, and with all moneys collected for
passports, penalties, forfeitures, fees, or costs, and he
sha,ll be credited with all payments made as provided
by law, with all stamps returned by him uncanceled
to the Treasury, with the salary, fees, commissions,
and charges allowed by law, and with the amount or
duties or taxes contained in the lists transmitted in
the manner above provided to other collectors, or by
his predecessor in office, and by them receipted as
aforesaid; and also with the amount of the duties or
taxes of such persons as may have absconded or be-
come insolvent prior to the day when the duty or tax
ought, according to the provisions of this act, to have
been collected, and with all uncollected taxes trans-
ferred by him or by his deputy acting as collector
to his successor in office: Provided. That it shall be
proved to the satisfaction of the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue that due diligence was used by the
collector, who shall certify the facts to the First Comp-
troller of the Treasury. And each collector shall also
be credited with the amount of all property purchased
by him for the use of the United States, provided he
shall faithfully account for and pay over the proceeds
thereof upon aresale of the same as required by this
act. In case of the death, resignation, or removal of
the collector, all lists and accounts of taxes uncol-
lected shall be transferred to his successor in office as
soon as such successor shall be appointed and quali-
fied, and it shall be the duty of such successor to
collect the same.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "and" at
the beginning of line seven hundred and eighty-
seven before " assistant assessors" should be
stricken out.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the word "col-
lectors," at the end of line seven hundred and
eighty-seven, the words " or by his predecessor
in office" should be inserted.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word'1 and" should
be inserted instead of the word "stamps" at
the beginning of line seven hundred and eighty-
eight, so that it will read, '4 and with the addi-
tions thereto." The printer has misplaced a
word there. Then the word " stamps" should
be inserted before the word "deposited" at
the beginning of line seven hundred and eighty-
nine.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven hundred
and ninety-one, after the word "payments," I
move to insert the words " into the Treasury."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven hundred
and ninety-four I move to strike out thewoi'ds
"duties or" before "taxes."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven hundred
and ninety-five, after the word "collectors,"
I move to strike out the words " or by his pred-
ecessor in office."
The amendment- to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the words "duties or" in line seven hundred
and ninety-seven, and also the words "duty
or" in line seven hundred and ninety-nine.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section forty-one be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that it shall be tho duty of
the collectors aforesaid, or their deputies, in their
respective districts, and they arc hereby authorized,
to collect all the duties and taxes imposed by this
act, however the same may be designated, and to
prosecute for the recovery of any sum or sums which
may be forfeited by virtue of this aqjt; and all fines,
penalties, and forfeitures which may be incurred or
imposed by virtue of this act, shall be sued for and
recovered, in the name of the United States, in any-
proper form of action, or by any appropriate form of
proceeding, quitam, or otherwise, before any circuit
or district court of the United States for the district
within which said fine, penalty, or forfeiture may
have been incurred, or before any other court of com-
petent jurisdiction. And taxes or duties may be sued
for and recovered in any proper form of action be-
fore any circuit or district court of the United States
for the district within which the liability to such tax
may have been or shall be incurred, or where the
party from whom such tax is due may reside at the
time of the commencement of said action. But no
suehsuitshall be commenced unless the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue shall authorize or sanction the
proceedings: Provided, That in case of any suit for
penalties or forfeitures brought upon information
received from any person, other than a collector,
deputy collector, assessor, assistant assessor, or in-
spector of internal revenue, the United States shall
not be subject to any costs of suit, nor shall the fees
of any attorney or counsel employed by any such
officer be allowed in the settlement of his account,
unless the employment of such attorney or counsel
shall be authorized by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, either expressly or by general regulations.
The committee proposed to amend this clause
by striking out, in line eight hundred and nine-
teen, the words " duties and" before "taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and thirty, after the word "taxes," to
strike out "or duties."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and thirty-one, after the word u recov-
ered," to insert "in the name of the United
States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and forty-one, after the words " assistant
assessor," to insert u revenue agent."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee if it is intended to give this
right to sue in either of those two districts,
either in the district where the liability to the
tax is incurred, or in the district to which the
party taxed may have removed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It provides that he may
be sued "before any district or circuit court
of the United States for the district within which
the liability to such tax may have been or,
shall be incurred;" but if the party goes to
another district, they may go where he lives
and sue him at that place.
Mr. HOWE. Suppose the liability is in-
curred in one State and he removes to another,
if you commence a suit in the State from which
he has removed, how would you effect service
on him?
Mr. FESSENDEN. If we cannot get ser-
vice in one district, we would probably go to
the other one; and that is the reason we pro-
vide that we may go to the other one.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Wisconsin propose ah amend-
ment?
Mr. HOWE. No, sir.
The Secretary read the next clause of sec-
tion nine,as follows:
That section forty-four be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, subject to regulations prescribed by
the Secretary of the Treasury, shall be, and is hereby,
authorized, on appeal to him made, to remit, refund,
and pay back all duties erroneously or illegally as-
sessed or collected, and all duties that shall appear
to be unjustly assessed or excessive in amount or in
any manner wrongfully collected, and also repay to
collectors or deputy collectors thefull amountof such
sums of money as shall or may be recovered against
them, or any of them, in any court, for any internal
duties or licenses collected by them, with the costs
and expenses of suit, and all damages and costs re-
covered against assessors, assistant assessors, col-
lectors, deputy collectors, and inspectors, in any suit
which shall be brought against them, or any of them,
by reason of anything that shall or mav be done in
tho due performance of their official duties; and all
judgments and moneys recovered or received for
taxes, costs, forfeitures, and penalties, shall be paid
to the collector as internal duties are required to be
paid: Provided, That where a second assessment may
have been made incase of a list, statement, or return
which in the opinion of the assessor or assistant
assessor was false or fraudulent, or contained any
understatement or undervaluation, such assessment
shall not bo remitted, nor shall taxes or duties col-
lected under such assessment be recovered, refunded,
or paid back, unless said list,statement, or return was
not false or fraudulent«aud did not contain any un-
derstatement or undervaluation.
The first amendment of the Committee ou
Finance to this clause was to strike out the
word "duties" wherever it occurs and to insert
"taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eight hun-
dred and seventy-five, after the word 1' unless,''
to insert" it is proved to the satisfaction of the
Commissioner that."
Mr. FESSENDEN. The words " to the Com-
missioner" in thatamendmentshouldbestricken
out, so that it will read, "it is proved that said
list," &c.
