THE. CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBS
January 18,
aewantable to Him thatHKwle thenj. they must bo so;
ami so long as we have any idea of divine justice, we
must associate thai ofhusiaii freedom. Whether men
can part with, their liberty is among the questions
winch have exercised tlie ablest minds; but it is con-
ceded on all hands that the right to be free can never
be alienated; still less is ifcpraotieable for one gener-
ation to mortgage the privileges of another.
"Hie entire argument made on the other side
of the House is answered, granting that it was
true in fact that our fathers-did not take.meas-
ures for the black roan's rights equally- -with their
own. . One generation cannot make a lien upon
my rights, or. those of any other man. They
cannot mortgage them to the future. When
thatfut ure-come sand opportunity offers to undo
the -wrong, it" is its* solemai duty- to apply the
Mr. Jefferson'8 opinions are well known. Mr.
Madison hasdeelared that the word "slave" was
not inserted in the Constitution, because the
Federal Convention desired to affix no such a
stain upon the instrument. Neither did they
insert the qualifying word "white." General
Crates and others, at that early day, emanci-
pated their slaves. In an address, after the
peace of 1778, written by Mr. Madison, Con-
gress' declared—
'sThatithas ever been the pride and boast of Amer-
ica that the rights for which she contended were the
rphts of-human nature."
I cannot help thinking, Mr. Speaker, that if
the pen of Ml-. Madison had been guided by the
sentiment of the gentleman from New Jersey,
he most certainly would have written '1 white
human nature." But all the great names of
that period rebuke the fallacious Democratic
assumption that this Government was founded
for and by white men only. Pendleton, Ma-
son, Wythe, Lee—ancestor of the traitor gen-
eral who made the name infamous—Grayson,
St. George Tucker, Blair, Page, Parker, Ran-
dolph, Iredell, Spraight, Ramsey, McIIenry,
Samuel Chase, Franklin, the Adamses, Heath,
Patrick Henry, John Jay, Faulkner, Pinkuey
of Maryland, Barbour, Hamilton, one and all,
excepta few South Carolinians, are on record,
by word, deed, and life; against the infamous
dogma, tfaatthis is a ' 'white man's Government''
alone. Nor- were their opinions expressed
loosely, liable to various interpretations, or in-
tended to be differently construed. Mr. Jef-
ferson expressly speaks of slaves as "citizens"
in his Notes on Virginia. He said most expli-
citly :
"Thetruc foundation of republican government is
the equal rights of every citizen in his person and
property, and in their management."
Was Jefferson in favor of white men alone man-
aging the persons and property of all over whom
the ffigis of the Republic was cast? His own
words reply. Sir, another striking fact which a
student of the discussion preceding the adop-
tion of the Constitution must notice, is this: that
much of the opposition against the instrument
grew out of the general desire to have its provis-
ions made even more plain and dircct. Nearly
all the States demanded amendments which
would strengthen impartial liberty. Readers
of the Federalist will not fail to perceive that
the writers therein argue earnestly on objec-
tions against the instrument, becauseit was not
preceded by an ample bill of rights. The ob-
jection was not in favor of restriction, but that
it was not comprehensive enough. 1 have thus,
sir, given briefly the proofs that this Govetn-
eriuneut's formation was participated in by all
the people not held as slaves, that it was meant
to include all men, and that the opinions and
actions of all our distinguished men at that
era were in favor of a still more liberal inclu-
sion of classes.
_ Mr. Speaker, I now propose to show the ser-
vice rendered by the colored race in the war
which secured independence and prepared the
way for the present Union. Here, ioo, our
history is replete with refutations of the false
Democracy which resists the passage of this bill.
Among the men who shared in the common
interest ami early agitation that paved the way
to Lexington and Bunker Hill was one Chris-
topher or Crispus Attacks, a mulatto, who had
also been a slave. He fell, shot by one of Cap-
tain Proteus's soldiers, March 5, 1770, mar-
shaling and leading the first resistance to British
tyranny, and sealing by his blood the inception
of the ^white man's Government." It was a
black Eoldier, named Salem, that at Bunker
Hill shot the exulting British leader, Pitcairn,
as he shouted "The day is ours!" Salem was
afterward presented to Washington. History
keeps the names of others of the same raee serv-
ing at that battle. Among them was Titus
Coburn, Alexander Arms, Barzilai Lew> of
Andover, Massachusetts, and Cato Howe, of
Plymouth. Each received a pension from this
"white man's Government" for aiding to se-
cure the independence of this "white man's
country."
Seymour Burr, of Connecticut, was a fugitive
slave who with a party of others tried to join
the British to gain liberty. He was captured.
His master, a brother of Aaron Burr, gave him
the freedom he coveted on condition of his
fighting for the country. He accepted the offer,
and joined the seventh Connecticut regiment,
under ColonelBrooks. He, too, received a pen
sion, as did Jeremy Jones, serving in the same
regiment. Judge Story, of Massachusetts, was
a witness of the courage of the black soldiers
iti our revolutionary war. General Eustis says
they entered the ranks with the whites. "The
Bucks of America" was a colored company,
which, under command of Colonel Middleton,
a colored man, went through the war, and at its
close were presented with a banner by John Han-
cock. Charles Bowles, who died in 1843, was.a
revolutionary pensioner and a colored preacher,
who, when a mere boy, enlisted in the Ameri-
can Army and served throughout the war. James
EastonservedatDorchesterHeights. Job Lewis,
formerly a slave, served over six years, enlisting
three times.
"The State of Massachusetts Bay, "through
its Legislature, in 1778, authorized the raising
of a colored regiment, the officers to be white.
Rhode Island, in February,1778, authorized the
raising of two battalions, to be composed of
such slaves as should be willing to serve for
their freedom, and in addition giving them such
"bounties, wages, &c," as were allowed bythe
Continental Congress. The gallant conduct of
these men at the battle of Red "Bank is one of
the memorable incidents of the Revolution.
Four hundred men of color met and repulsed
fifteen hundred Hessians, under Count Donop.
When later, at Croton river, May 13,1781, Col-
onel Greene, commander of this regiment, fell
mortally wounded, his faithful black guard de-
fended him with their lives. Every one was
' killed. Sir, I might go on, giving the names
and referring to the deeds of hundreds of brave
colored soldiers who, in that, first perilous hour,
were found willing to light for a nation which
held a majority of their race in bondage. The
blood of the black man mingled in every con-
test, and every revolutionary battle-fieldanswers
the argument put forth on the other side of this
House. Sir, not only did American men of
color do honorable service in the Revolution,
but men of the same race from the despised
republic of Hayti, then a French colony, were
ranged on our side. A regiment of Haytien
colored men were part of our French allies at
tjie siege of Savannah.
Mr. Speaker, the gentlemen on the other side
of the House have solemnly warned us of the
prejudices which exist between races. The hon-
orable gentleman from New York [Mr. Chan-
ler,] enthrones prejudice as one of the great
l'orccs of the people in the following words :
" Prejudice is to the mind what nerves are to the
body, It irives impulse to thought and direction to
judgment."
Further on he said, speaking for the oppo-
nents of this measure:
" Vvre respect the intense prejudice which preserves
our raee in its purity, vigor, and supremacy."
Other gentlemen, not glorifying so unequivo-
cally the prejudices which, blind and brutal in
their manifestation, have grown out of the foul
ideas implanted by slavery, and have been sedu-
j lously fostered by Democratic teachjngs, never-
i theless catch up and herald the cry. Nowhere
have we seen the ripe fruitage of such teachings
better illustrated than in the riots and rapine
not long since indulged in by the constituents
of the gentleman from New York.
We are told in gloomy words of the horrors
which are to follow the passage of this bill.
But, sir, these words are not so fierce, nor are
the prophetic appeals of th§ remnants of the
slave oligarchy so full of evil foreboding as in
other days resounded in this Hall, when these
same men and this same prejudice resisted the
abolition of slavery in this'District.
I am in favor of this bill because I see in it the
opposite of all this—the benign, harmonizing,
and prosperous influences of freedom. Organ-
ized injustice is sure to provoke anarchy, and is
in itself a despotism. The law of the U niverse is
justice; its method is progress. We must come
within this rule in rearing the fabric of a recon-
structed Government, or "the stone which was
rejected of the builder" shall some day be the
means of its fall, or else become the exalted
crowning corner of the edifice. All history,
so laboriously misrepresented by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chaxlek,] teems with
examples of the folly of injustice. The follow-
ing words of De Tocqueville, quoted so inaptly
in the speech against this bill by the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Chaxler,] are an im-
pressive warning of the dangerous doctrine
which he and the opponents of this bill would
make perpetual. Let me read them:
"If ever the freo institutions of America are de-
stroyed that event may bo attributed to the unlimited
authority of the majority, which mayat S9me future
day urge minorities to desperation and oblige them to
have recourse to physical force. Anarchy will bethe
result, but it will have been brought abo-ut by despot-
ism."—Democracy la America, vol. 1, p. 317.
This, sir, is the precise result of the policy of
gentlemen 011 the other side of this House, in
struggling to so shape the legislation of this
nation, and of its component States, as to make
the minority, upon whose neck they and their
friends have so long held the iron heel of op-
pression, rise in hopeless revolt. The spirit of
persecution, which words but faintly conceal,
has marked the reactionaries of all time.
Sir, this is not the spirit which shall guide my
action. The wisest thinker England has ever
produced, Francis Bacon, has well said:
"A statesman considers even the prejudices of a
people."
This axiom should be accepted as containing
a profound principle of administration; but not
by wcavingprejudices into forms of government,
and making them the foundation of our laws.
No, sir. Bacon declares that the true states-
man endeavors to overcome prejudices, to show
the benefits of just action, and by all reasona-
ble means to prove their futility. What is the
foundation principle of civil society? Herbert
Spencer has well said, in his Social Statics,
that—
"It is the liberty of each limited by the liberty of
all." " Every man has freedom to do all thathc wills?,
provided ho infringes not the equal freedom of any
other man."
It is only when individual liberty is detri-
mental to the liberty of others, as by acts of
crime, or when individual or national life is at
stake, that a deprivation can be allowed. Hence
all must have the means of protection, whether
it be the simple force of the savage or the com-
plex forms of modern civilization. This means
of protection belongs to all men, not as a be-
stowed privilege, but as a lij^it inherent to ex-
istence as members of society. Here, I conceive,
is the difference between American democracy
and all other systems of government. These,
in a greater or less degree, bestow privileges and
legislate for classes. Our democracy protects
rights. It was-organized for that end, not to
bestow them. That is not within its power,
because each is entitled to the rights of all and
all of each. Sir, this is my idea of American
democracy.
From these premises, Mr. Speaker, I deduce
the right of suffrage—the most potential means
of protection. Nor is this right bounded by the
accidents of birth or former condition. It is
not to be measured by other men's prejudices,
Speaking of the very class on whose enfranchise-
