1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE^
much jnoney thrown away,_ But what is tho
use oI uiy talking? Here is a bill containing
appropriations amounting to more than a mil-
lion and a half of dollars. There is something
for everybody, and a very large slice for some
of my constituents. Why should I not go in to
secure for them a share oi the general plunder?
Our Treasury is rich! The Secretary of the
Treasury has now at his disposal S200,000,000,
winch he does not know what to do with. Why
not invest it in fortifications ? Why not invest
it in anything that will make money plentiful
by a general diffusion of dollars throughout the
whole country? Why not now, when labor is
commanding ?3 50 to five dollars per day, go
to work and .-pend all the money we can pos-
sibly raise because wages are high, and by
these expenditures we can give remunerative
employment to large numbers of persons?
But 1 know, Mr Chairman, that in objecting
to these appropriations I am simply wasting
my breath. I make this appeal as a matter of
duty.
_ Mr. STEVENS. Although I could not hear
distinctly tho amendment of the gentleman
from Yew York. [Sir. Brooks] 
The C1IAIUMAN. The gentleman did not
offer an amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. What was he talking about,
then? [Laughter.]
Tho CHAIRMAN. About the paragraph
under consideration.
Mr. BROOKS. I know that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] wants to
make a speech, and in order to give him the
opportunity, I move to amend by striking out
'•fifty'1 and insertingtwenty-live so that
the clause will read:
For Fort Ontario, Oswego", New York, 525,000.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, Mr. Chairman, in or-
der to make a speech that shall be satisfactory,
I agree to that amendment, as it is a New York
work. [Laughter.]
Mr. HOLMES. Imovefo nmend the amend-
ment. by striking out "twenty-five'' and insert-
ing "tifiy-five/" so that tho amount of the
appropriation will be $55,000.
Mr. Chairman, T hope the committee will
bear with me for a few moments, while I say a
few words on this subject. This fort is in the
district 1 have tho honor to represent; and the
people in that portion of my district would feel
was neglecting my duty to them if I did not
object to the adoption of the amendment moved
by in)' colleague, [Mr. IJhookp.] For the pur-
pose of saying a few words, I have offered tho
jiending amendment.
This fort originally was an earth and wooden
work. The wooden portion of it has entirely
decayed. Some years ago an appropriation
was made to rebuild the portion decayed with
stone. It was commenced, and has been prose-
cuted from then up to the present, time. ' 1'hero
were no casemates in the fort, and they are now
being built in a most substantial manner.
It was said yesterday, or last night, in the
discussion of this question, that these es'imnt.es
were mere guess-work of the engineer depart-
ment; that the officer having charge of that,
department submits the matter to some sub-
ordinate officer, or clerk, who makes a guess
of what will be required. I took the trouble
to call at the engineer department this morn-
ing, where I learned that these estimates were
originally much larger; that they were sub-
milted to the revision of the Secretary of War;
that on consultation with him, and against the
better judgment of those having charge of the
engineer department, the bill was reduced over
one million dollars. For this work the depart-
ment asked for an appropriation of $75,000,
but with all others it was reduced at the sug-
gestion of the Secretary of War more than
one third. The officer in charge authorizes
me to sav that he knows the locations of these
forts, ana that the amounts which have been
retained are necessary for tho work which ought
to be done.
I hope, sir, the scaling of these appropria-
tions fifty per cent, will not prevail. There is
J
no foundation for the statement that the esti-
mates are mere guess-work. They have been
made after actual examination of the men en-
gaged in the work, and who liavereportedwhat
is necessaiy and proper. Even if it were guess-
work, I should prefer to have the guess-work of
men who are acquainted with this business,
who know these forts and who know their lo-
cation, instead of that of members who get up
here and without knowing anything of these
works guess thoy are not necessary. I with-
draw my amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew it. Mr. Chairman, I
agree in all my colleague has just said, and I
wish to say something in addition. Oswego is
one of the most important places upon Lake
Ontario. It has an extensive commerce. It is
situated nearly opposite Kingston, in Canada,
with which it has had large commercial inter-
course. Its shipping interest is very large. It
has no protection, sir, except that furnished by
this Fort Ontario, which year after year has
been going into decay. If we are to keep upon
our coast-line fortresses for use in time of war
we must make appropriations for their preser-
vation in times of peace. The British Govern-
ment has, with quite as much wisdom as we
can displav. appropriated for a work opposite
Over a million dollars; and at Toronto it has
made large expenditures in the same direction.
We have at Sackett's Harbor, which was an
important point, nothing but field works; and
we have nothing at Rochester. We have only
a fort, at Niagara, and one atOswesro. Oswego
lies thirty-five miles north of Syracuse, the
largest manufacture of salt in tin's country ;
and if in time of war Oswego be taken there
will h® no obstruction to the capture of the
salt-works at. Syracuse. I am therefore op-
?T>sed to striking down this appropriation.
t, is not because it is in Now York, I favor"
this, but. because it is necessary to the protec-
tion of the country. In my action here, 1 am
in favor of one section of the country as the
other. I believe that to bo the duty we owe to
the American people. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. Brooks's amendment was rejected.
The Clerk read, as follows :
For sea-wall of Great Browser's Island, Boston
harbor, Massachusetts ciTo.OOO.
For son-wait? on I>cer and Lovell's Island?, Boston
harbor, Massachusetts,
For toit at entrance of Nor,- Bedford harbor, Mas-
sachusetts, f,30,000.
Mr. BROOKS. I think those belong to the
river and lnubor bill, but I will not move to
strike them out.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
strike out lines forty-five and forty-six :
For repairs of Fort Washington on Potomac river,
$50,000.
1 do not see what necessity there is for that
fort at all when we have Fortress Monroe and
the Rip Ilaps, with our iron-clads for the de-
fense of all the adjacent parts.
Mr. SC1IENCK. 1 can understand about
the James river and Hampton Roads being
covered by batteries at Fortress Monroe, but
it is very possible for an enemy's fleet to get up
the Chesapeake bay. This city is defended by
Fort, Washington, and if wo have never had oc-
casion during the war to test the advantage of
having that defense, it is only because the rebels
had no fleet with which to ascend the Potomac
and reach the city of Washington.
Mr. STEVEN'S. T move to amend the
amendment by inserting S20.000 instead of
§50,000. I believe that is as much as is neces-
sary for repairs. I am not quite sure that it is
very important to increase it, hence it is that I
am" myself willing to vote for what I think is
necessary for repairs simply.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
The motion of Mr. Washbujine, of Illinois,
to strike out the item was also disagreed to.
Mr. SCHBNCK. I have an amendment to
offer, to insert after line fifty, as follows :
For Fort Jefferson, Garden Key, Tortillas, §100,000.
I offer this at the request of the War Depart-
ment, as will appear from the following com-
munication :
War Department,
Washington City, Febninnt~l&, 1866.
1K'^ to inclose a communication from the
chief Engineer, dated February 14, respecting the bill
No. 25s, making appropriatiouiiforfortifioations,&e,,
ior tho consideration of the committee, and stating
military reasons why tho appropriations stricken out
by the Committee on Appropriations should foe reia-
staitod.
Very respectfully, sir, your obedient servant,
EDWIN M. ST ASTON,
HccrtXary of War.
Hon. R. C. Schenck, Chairman of the Committee on
Militant Affairs, House of licprescntatives.
I will read a portion of the letter of the chief
Engineer:
"An estimated sum of $100,000, asked for Fort Jef-
ferson, Garden Key, Tortuffas, is omitted altogether
in the bill reported by tho counaittcc. The impor-
tance of this work is very similar to that of Key w est.,
for which an appropriation is included in the bill.
Fort Jefferson is in an advanced state of completion,
has already received part of its armament, and addi-
tional heavy gnns are being forwaidcd therefor. Its
position and command of a safe, spacious, and socure
harbor on tho extreme western end of the Tortugaa
reef gives to thiswoik much importance connected
with our national defense. Cooperating with our
fleets, ami holding inits front amantime enemy, and
beaitng upon our whole southern and western inter-
ests as the advanced and lookout station for all the
eommercc of our country with Spain, Mexico, and
by tho Panainacommvinicationwith ttic Pacific coast,
its continued progress and completion become equal
in importance to those of any dclcnsese.onnccted with
the strategic operations in the Gulf of Mexico. I
apprehend from its designation, I'ort Jefferson, Gar-
den Key, that its locality was not understood."
I have very little to add to that communica-
tion. In regard to tho location of the fort at
Toiiugasthe committee were led into some little
misapprehension. It is, I undertake to say, one
of the most important defenses of our coast,
occupying the key, as it were, to the Gulf ap-
proach to the Mississippi river. It is the fur-
thest out. of all of them ; the outer sentinel, as it
might be called. 'This fort they are now actu-
ally building. It will be left to go into dilap-
idation, and we shall suffer in consequence if
we stop this work which is now progressing
by refusing a liberal appropriation. The foun-
dations and a very considerable proportion of
tho structure have been accomplished with great
labor and at enormous expense. The appro-
priation here proposed relates to the progress
and completion of the work.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee purposely
omitted this recommendation. They thought
the appropriations for that immediate coast
were out of all proportion to any others that
were asked for. For Fort Clinch, $50,000 ;
l^ort Taylor 8100,000, upon which $200,000
wore expended last year. Then came Fort
Jefferson, guarding the immediate neighbor-
hood, for which §100,000 were appropriated
last year. The committee thought that even
this large appropriation for this place might bo
spared for a year, especially as we gave some
$200,000 for that immediate vicinity in the bill.
It is for the House to say whether the commit-
tee were wrong or parsimonious. And in order
to test it, I move to strike out $100,000 and
insert §50,000.
Mr. SCHENCK. The only reply I have to
make to tho gentleman is, that if in particular
localities more works are erected than at others
and at larger expense, it happens to be because
those particular localities are just tho points that
we defend, and we defend them because they
cover the approaches to the whole country.
Now, it is not at all remarkable that forts
should be required about the Gulf, and espe-
cially at an advanced position like this at the
extremity of the Tortugas, covering the Gulf
approaches of the Mississippi, while not a sin-
gle fort is needed in the State of Ohio, and no
appropriation for that purpose is proposed.
Yet because I live in Ohio and we.have not
our share of the forts or the money expended
for defensive purposes in our immediate neigh-
borhood or district, I do not feel that I am
going against the wishes of my constituents
when I vote appropriations for forts at these
exposed points, covering the places that must
be defended, aud meeting the dangers that
threaten our common country.
As to the cutting down of these appropria-
