306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 18,
To-day they are the right to dwell among us,
to labor and enjoy its fruits, to emigrate, and
the right to enjoy life, liberty, property, and the
pursuit of happiness. These the Government
acknowledges; but lie is not the Government,
nor is he any part of it. Should he undertake
to assert a claim to control and manage the
Government he becomes a rebel, and forfeiting
the rights he held he falls like Lucifer from his
heaven.
Let him give no heed to the instigation of po-
litical devils and he is safe. Not only is it true
that the negro has had no part nor Lot in th e
organizing and establishing of any of tlie Gov-
ernments of this country, popular or otherwise,
but he has never yet anywhere upon the face of
this earth organized and established any sort
of popular Government whatsoever. Whence,
then, comes any claim on his part to exercise (he
prerogatives of Government in this country?
The negro, sir, is in possession of Govern-
ments upon this hemisphere. The negro is in
possession of Governments in Central America,
m South America, and in some of the islands
of the western hemisphere; but he never or-
ganized a Government in any of those places.
The position which he has acquiied there has
been obtained by the yielding up of the white
race to him, either by his rebellion or by their
relinquishing to him the administration of the
Government.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow a
question ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask him of what complex-
ion he supposes the men were who adopted the
constitution of the republic of Liberia?
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not on this hemi-
sphere. I am not'aware that the Government
of Liberia is located anywhere on-this hemi-
sphere. But yetit may be considered u.s included
in the scope of my remark that the negro never
yet organized and est.i Wished a Go vemm en t any-
where. 1 think, from my knowledge of the Gov-
ernment of Liberia, that it was established by
the white race, just as a New England mechanic
constructs a locomotive or steam-engine which
is afterwards run by a negro in Delaware or
Maryland. [Laughter.]
At the college where I was educated there
were four or live colored men educated by
philanthropic gentlemen, or philanthropic so-
cieties, for the express purpose of 'sending"
them to Africa to administer that Government;
and I have heard of a great deal of money be-
ing raised in the "Tinted States by white meu,
out of white men's earnings, for the purpose
of running that Liboriaa Government. I ileny
that the Liherian Government is the offspring
of the negro race. Jt did not originate with
him ; it. is not his.
Mr. KRLLfiY. Will the gentleman allow
mo to ask of what complexion the members of
the convention were who framed the constitu-
tion of the republic of Liberia?
Mr. JOHNSON. Wei!. 1 do not know any-
thing about their complexion.
Mr. KELLEY. While on the floor, T would
like also to ask my colleague with reference to
an earlier remark of the gentleman, that white
men discovered America, whether they were
what we call white men, or whether they were
not what are gem-rally known as I>;iMiue ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Well, sir. that is propound-
ing two questions. As to the white men, they
weie of the European race. That i> what we
all mean when we talk about white men.
Mr. KELLEY. A little mixed.
Mr. JOHNSON. As to the complexion of
those persons who got up the constitution and
framework of the Government of Liberia, it '
matters very little. I presume they were all of
the negro race; some were as black as could
be. nud others were quite sallow.
But I submit that, that is not the point. The
gentleman knows, as everybody knows, that the
Liberian Government was gotten up by a sort
of emigrant aid society in the United"States,
similar to that which was got up by Massachu-
setts some years ago for the purpose of coloniz-
ing the Territory of Kansas. The colony and
Government of Liberia did not originate with
the African race.
Will the gentleman allow
Mr. KELLEY.
me a moment?
Mr. JOHNSON.
Mr. KELLEY.
Yes, sir.
I apprehend that the re-
public of Liberia, its rapid progress, its wonder-
ful absorption of people recently reclaimed from
barbarism, illustrates the power of organization
and Government such as the history of no other
community in the world lias ever done. The
(basis of that community was, as the gentleman
has intimated, a mass of freed slaves sent under
the auspices of benevolent societies from this
country. There never have been fifteen thousand
of them sent there. The early founders are still
alive. It is the work of a generation ; and yet
its jurisdiction, within whicli the laws of the
northern States of America are administered and
quoted as authority, as we quote those of Eng-
land, is now extended over half a million of
Christian people. Those fifteen thousand peo-
ple must have had some organizing and execu-
tive faculty.
Mr. JOHNSON. The gentleman wanders
entirely from the point, suggested by me, the
point of contradiction between us. My asser-
tion is that it was not a Government established,
originated, by the African race, and the gentle-
man in his remark proves that, because lie says
that they have adopted our form of government
and our laws, and quote the decisions of the
United States and of England. Why, sir, they
took their constitution and laws right from us,
and the next, thing we hear will be that they
will have a constitutional 'amendment adopted
in imitation of ours. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. They have nowhere inserted
the word " black'1 in tlieir constitution.
Mr. JOHNSON. I have 110 doubt they im-
itate us in many things that we do, and it is very
well for them. The men who were educated in
the United States and transferred there have
not forgotten their alma metier.
I repeat that there never was yet upon tlie
face of the earth a popular Government "organ-
ized by the African race, originated by them.
You have your King of Dahomey and your
Gefl'rard, the one an original African, and the
other borrowing a form of government from
Europe. 1 f anything be necessary to prove that
such is the case, let us go to the Governments
that they have undertaken to run, to use a pop-
ular phrase. Go to Central America, where
they have succeeded in obtaining possession of
the Governments, and what, kind of Govern-
ments have llioy? Can they be called repub-
lics Can they be called popular Governments?
Go to South America. Have they popular Gov-
ernments there? What, is it that" has torn Mex-
ico all to pieces? The negro blood that runs
through the race. The right of suffrage, the
elective franchise, is the foundation of all pop-
ular Government. Who votes for others should
be eligible to be voted for. The governed are
themselves the Government. The governed are
themselves the governors, for they control and
direct their own Government, and the moment
a man becomes a voter he becomes one of the
Government.
And here, upon this point, let me say that
we hear a great deal about the right to vote
being extended to negroes as necessary to se-
cure to them the protection that they are enti-
tled to under this Government. Now, sir, the
fact that negroes arc governed in this country
without the right of voting is 110 proof or evi-
dence against our Government that it is not
self-government. The negro is protected in
this country in all his rights. It secures to him
the fruits of his labor, the, protection of his life,
his liberty, and bis property. The right .of suf-
frage belongs to those and those only to whom the
Government belongs; and if we recognize the
right to the one, so we must concede the other.
The regulation and control of the elective fran-
chise within the several States belongs to them
exclusively, but their action must be limited to a
regulation. They cannot prohibit its exercise
wi thout int erfering with the guarantee ofthe Fed-
eral Constitution to the peonleof each State. Not
if an absolute democracy, in which the masses as-
semble and pass their laws by town meeting a s the
ancients did, nor even a representative democ-
racy, according to the American system, but a
Government which stands upon the broad ba-
sis of being republican in form. Some gentle-
men contend that under this clause of the Con-
stitution the Federal Government is bound to
decide that the people of the late southern con-
federacy shall not be represented here until they
extend the elective franchise in the several States
to the negro race, in order that those State gov-
ernments may be republican in form. Nothing
can be more absurd and unreasonable. Did not
those who made the Constitution know what the
clause meant; and if they did, why is il that
three fourths of a century have gone round with-
out this guarantee being enforced or even at-
tempted to be enforced ? But whatever argu-
ments may be adduced upon that proposition,
they do not relate to the present bill, unless by
analogy we are bound to grant to the inhabitants
of this District a government republican in form;
and it cannot even be maintained that a Gov-
ernment is not republican in form unless all
men have a right to vote. I think that a Gov-
ernment can bo republican in form without con-
ceding to all men the privilege of the elective
franchise.
Mr. WARD. T would ask the gentleman, if a
majority of the freemen of any State are dis-
qualified from exercising the right of suffrage,
is that a republican form of government.
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand that it is; and
I ask the gentleman whether the government of
the State of New York is a democracy.
Mr. WARD. It is "republican in form."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is not an answer to
my question.
Mr. WARD. The majority of the people of
the State of New York are entitled to vote.
Mr. JOHNSON. Ido not know exactly what
is the majority of the people of the State of New
York; but I know that there are a great many
children and women there, and they are not al-
lowed to vote. The government of the State of
New York is a representative democracy; it is
a part of our American system of government;
it is not an absolute democracy, for it is not
necessary that'all the people should be permit-
ted to vote.
Whence comes the discrimination in regard to
minors? And how many persons are, deprived
of voting in the State, of New York by a most
tyrannical and outrageous registry law, which
compels a man to go twice to the polls before he
can vote? How many thousands are rejected
because the laws that guard the ballot-box
are too stringent? Certain regulations are
necessary to protect the ballot-box : but when
those regulations become too stringent, so strin-
gent as to keep the voter away, they doinjustice
to our system, though they do not change our
form of government. Now this is certainly a
new doctrine that is contended for, a doctrine
that the framers of our Government never
dreamed of. For when they promulgated this
Constitution of ours, this guarantee of a repub-
lican form of government, to the several States,
the elective franchise was much more restricted
than it is now. If, therefore, the negro race, up
to the commencement of the late war. had no
part in this Government, what has been done
by any one since that time that established his
claim to any sueli part now ? Prior to this war
it never was mooted in this Hall that the Fed-
eral Government should undertake to confer
upon the negro race the elective franchise. All
parties and classes of men admitted that it was
a question not within the scope of the Federal
Constitution.- But, now it seems that the prin-
ciple has gained new force. Now. has the negro
rendered any service to the Government, that,
entitles him to make this claim as a matter of
right?
Mr. Speaker, I am one of those who during
the whole war steadily opposed the putting of ne-
gro troops into the military service of the United
States. I never believed that their services were
indispensable,and! am doubly confirmed in that
opinion now. 1 believed then that those who
