1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3291
any name or description, for sale, from malt, wholly
or in part, or from any substitute therefor, shnll be
deemed a.brewer underthis act: Provided, That any
person, firm, or corporation, who manufactures less
than five hundred barrels per year, shall pay the sum
of fifty dollars.
The Committee on Finance reported 110
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
18. Rectifiers who shall rectify any quantity of
spirituous liquors, not exceeding five hundred bar-
rels, packages, or casks, containing not more than
forty gallons to each barrel, package, or cask, shall
pay twenty-five dollars; and twenty-five dollars ad-
ditional for each additionalfivehundredsuch barrels,
packages, or casks, or any fractional part thereof.
Every person, firm, or corporation, who rectifies, puri-
fies. or refines spirituous liquors or wines by any pro-
cess, or mixes distilled spirits, whisky, brandy, gin,
or wine, with any materials for sale under the name
of whisky, rum, brandy, gin, wine, or any;other name,
shall be regarded as a rectifier undor this act.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to tliis item, in line thirteen hun-
dred and fifteen, after the word "refines" to
strike out the following words—
Spirituous liquors or wines by any process, or mixes
distilled spirits, whisky, brandy, gin. or wine, with
any materials for salo under the nainc of whisky,
rum, biandy, gin, wine—
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Distilled spirits, or wines, by any procoss, or who,
by mixing distilled spirits or wine with any materi-
als, manufactures any spurious, imitation, or com-
pound liquors for sale, under the name of whisky,
brandy, gin, rum, wine, spirits, or wine bitters.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
19. Coal-oil distillers shall pay fifty dollars. Any
person, firm, or corporation -who shall reiine, produce,
or distill crude or refinod petroleum or rock oil, or
crudc coal oil, or crudcor refined oil made of asphal-
tuin, shale, peat, or other bituminous substances, or
shall manufacture illuminating oil, shall be regarded
as a coal-oil distiller under this act.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item in line thirteen hundred and
twenty-four by inserting, after the words ''coal-
oil distillers,'' the words "and distillers of
burning fluid and camphene."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and twenty-seven to strike out the
words "crude or refined" before "petro-
leum," and after the words "rock oil or" to
strike out the words "crude coal-oil, or crude
or refined and in line thirteen hundred and
twenty-eight to insert the word " coal" before
"asphaltum."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
20. Keepers of hotels, inns, or taverns shall be clas-
sified and rated according to the yearly rental, or if
not rented, according to the estimated yearly rental
of the house and property intended to bo so occupied
as follows, to wit: when the rent or valuation of the .
yearly rental of said house and property shall bo
$'200 or less shall pay ton dollars: and if exceeding
$'200, for any additional $100 or fractional part thereof
in excess of $200, five dollars: Provided, That a pay-
ment of such special tax shall be construed to author-
ize the person so keeping a hotel, inn, or tavern to
furnish the necessary food lor the animals of such
travelers or sojoumci? without the payment of an
additional special tax as a livery stable keeper.
Every place where food and lodging are provided for
and furnished to travelers and sojourners, in view
of payment therefor, shall be regarded as a hotel,
inn, or tavern under this act: Provided, That keep-
ers of hotels, taverns, and eating-houses, in which
liquors are sold by retail, to be drank upon the prem-
ises, shall pay an additional tax of twenty-live dol-
lars. The yearly rental shall be fixed and estab-
lished by the assistant assessor of the proper assess-
ment district at its proper value; but if rented, at
not less than the actual rent agreed on by the par-
ties. All steamers and vessels, upon waters of the
United States, on board of which passengers or trav-
elers arc provided with food or lodgings, shall be
subject to and required to pay twenty-five dollars:
Provided, That any person who shall make a false
or fraudulent icturn of the actual rent mentioned in
this paragraph shall be subject to a penalty therefor
ot double the amount of the tax.
The Committee on Finance reported several
amendments to this item. The first was in line
thirteen hundred and thirty-eight to insert the
word "they" before " shall," so as to read,
"they shall pay ten dollars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and forty-two to strike out the word
£1 authorize" and to insert " permit."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirteen
hundred and forty-seven, after the word "so-
journers," to strike out the words "in view
of payment therolor" and to insert " for pay."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" parties," in line thirteen hundred and fifty-
six, to strike out the following words:
All steamers and vessels, upon the waters of the
United States, on board of which passengers or trav-
elers are provided with food or lodgings, shall bo
subject to and required to pay twenty-iivo dollars.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
All steamers and other vessels engaged in the busi-
ness of carrying passengers, and providing them
with food or lodging, and the gross receipts of which
are taxable under section one hundred and three of
this act, shall pay twonty-fivo dollars.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twelve
hundred and sixty-five to strike out the word
"of" and to insert "concerning."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
21. Keepeis of eating-houses shall pay ten dollars.
Every place where food or refreshments of any kind,
not including spirits, wines, ale, beer, or other malt
liquors, are provided for casual visitors and sold for
consumption therein, shall be regarded as an eating-
house under this act. But the keeper of an eating-
house having paid the tax therefor, shall not be re-
quired to pay n special tax as a confectioner, anything
in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to add at the end of this clause
the following:
And keepers of hotels, inns, taverns, and eating-
houses having paid the special tax thcrefoi, shall
not be required to pay additional tax lor selling to-
bacco.snuil", or cigars on thesame premises,anything
in this act to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as fol-
lows :
22. Oonfectionersshall pay ten dollars. Every per-
son who sells at retail confectionery, sweetmoats,
comfits, or other confccts, in any building, shall bo
regardednsa eonfectionci undcrthisact. XUitwhole-
sale and retail dealers, having paid the special tax
therefor, shall not be required to pay the special tax
as a confectioner, anything in this act to tho contrary
notwithstanding,
The Committee on Finance proposed no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
2.°). Claim agents and agents for procuring patents
shall pay ten dollars. Every person whose business
it is to prosecute claims m any of the Executive De-
partments of the Federal Government, or procure
patents, shall be deemed a claim or patent agent, as
the case may be, undei; this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
24. Patent-right dealers shall pay ten dollars. Every
person whoso business it is to sell, or offer for sale,
patent rights, shall be regarded as a patent-right
dealer under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this ilem.
The Secretary read the nextiteni, as follows:
2o. Ileal estate agents shall pay ten dollars. Every
person whose business it is to sell oi ofiVr foi sale ical
estate for others, or to rent homes, stores, or other
buildings or real estate, or to collect rent tor others,
except lawyers paving a special tax as such, shall bo
regarded as a r< al estate agent under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
26. Conveyancers shall pay ton dollars. Every per-
son other than one having paid the special tax as a
lawyer or claim agent, whose business it is t,o draw
deeds, bonds, moitg.iges, "wills, wiifs, or other legal
papers or to exanuno titles to real estate, shall be
regarded as a conveyancer under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
Mr. HOWE. 1 wish to ask the committee
if they have any objection to an amendment
there so as to exempt justices of the peace from
taking out this license as conveyancers.
Mr. FESSENDEN". 1 think thai if they act
as conveyancers, drawing papers, they ought to
have licenses. I think the Government ought
to be very careful in linccnsing them. fn
ninety-nine eases out of a hundred, when they
draw such papers, they make some mistake or
other that involves title.
Mr. HOWE. If it is objected to, I will
not move an amendment. 1 cannot move an
amendment now, anyhow.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
27. Intelligence officc keepers shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose business it is to find or furnish
places of employment for others,or to find or furnish
servants upon application in writing or otherwise,
receiving compensation theicfor, shall bo regarded
as an intelligence office keeper under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was read by the Secretary, as
follows :
28. Insurance agents shall pay ten dollars. Any
person who shall act as agent of any fire, marine,
life, mutual, or other insurance company or compa-
nies, or any person who shall negotiate or procuro
insurance lor which he receives any commission or
other compensation, shall bo regarded as a,n insur-
ance agent under this act: Provided, That if the an-
nual receipts of any person as such agent shall not
exceed $100, he shall pay five dollars only: And pro-
vided further, That no special tax shall bo imposed
upon any person for selling tickets or contracts of
insurance against injury to persons whilo traveling
by land or water.
Tho Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was read by the Secretary, as
follows:
20. Foreign insurance agents shall par fifty dollars.
Every person who shall act as agent of any foreign
tire, marine, life, mutual, or other insurance com-
pany or companies, shall be regarded as a foreign
insurance agont under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
no. Auctioneers whoso annual sales do not exceed
SlO.OOl) shall pay ten dollars, and if exceeding $10,000
shall pay twenty dollars. Every poison hhall bo
deemed an auctioneer within the meaning of this act
whose business it is to offer property at public sale to
the highest or best bidder: Frovidcd, That the pro-
visions of this paragraph shall not apply to judicial
or executive officers making auction sales by virtue
of any judgment or deciccof any court, nor public
sales made by or lor c.xcoulois, administrators, or
guaidians of any estate held by thein as such, nor to
attorneys in the ordinary prosecution of their busi-
ness.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by striking out the following
words at the close: "nor to attorneys in the
ordinary prosecution of their business."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
31. Manufacturerssha 11 pay ten dollars. Anyperson,
fnm, or corporation who shall manufacture by hand
or machinery any goods, wares, or merchandise, not
otherwise provided for, exceeding annually the sum
of $1,000, or shall be engaged in the manufacture or
preparation lor sale of any articles or compounds, or
shall put up for sale in package* with his own iiamo
or trademark thei eon any articles or compound, shall
be regarded as a manufacturer under this act.
The Committee on Financc reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read tho next, item, as follows:
32. Peddlers shall be classified and rated as follows,
to wit: when tra\cling with more than two hoises,
or mules, the fnsi, class, and shall pay fifty dollars;
when 11 a veil nc with two horses, or mules, the second
cla.-s, ami shall pay twenty-live dolhus: when travel-
ing with one hoise. oi mule, the third class, and shall
pa v ill t ccn doliaif ; when traveling on foot, or by pub-
lic. coineyance, the fourth class, and shall pay ten
dollars. Anyperson, except persons peddling only
charcoal, newspapeis, magazines, Bibles, religious
ti acts, or the pioduets of his farm or garden, who sells
or offers 1o sell, at retail, goods, wares, or other com-
modities, traveling from place to place,in thei street,
or through different parts of the coimtry, slnilj bo
regarded a peddler under this act: Provided, J hat
any peddler who sells, or offers to sell, distilled spir-
its, fermented liquors or wines, dry goods, foreign or
domestic, by one, or more original packages or pieces,
at one time, to the same person or persons, or who
peddles jewelry, shall pay fifty dollars : Provtdedfiir-
thcr, That manufacturers and producers ot agricult-
ural tools and implements, garden seeds, fruit and
ornamental trees, stoves and hollow ware, brooms,
wooden waic, charcoal, and gunpowder, delivenng
and selling at wholesale any of said articles, by them-
selves or tiieirauthomedagents at placesotherthan
tho place ot manufaehu<\ shall not therefor bo re-
quired to pay any special ta.x.
The Committee on Finance reported two
amendments to this item. The first was in line
four hundred and sixty-seven to strike out the
word ''streets" and to insert "town," and
after the word "through" to strike out the
words "different parts of."
The amendment was agreed to.
