1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2331
destroyed by fire; which was referred to the
Committee on Claims.
He also presented ten petitions numerously
signed by producers, traders, and operators^}
the oil regions of Pennsylvania^ representing
that the tax on crude petroleum is oppressive,
impolitic, and unjust, and in its operations
is fast crushing out all new developments of
territory, closing up wells of moderate yield,
and paralyzing every branch of business in that
section of country, and praying that the tax
may be repealed; which were referred to the
Committee on Finance.
Mr. HENDERSON presented additional
papers in relation to the claim of Washington
Crosland for compensation for losses accruing
from the seizure and us? of his property by the
Government of the United States; which were
referred to the Committee on Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, it was
Ordered, That G. 0. Hutchinson have leave to with-
draw his petition and other papers from tho tiles of
the Senate.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILLIAMS, from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
Eli W. Goff, praying for compensation for
property rescued from him while inspector of
customs for the district of "Vermont, submitted
an adverse report thereon; which was ordered
to be printed.
Mr. WILLEY, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 281) to authorize the Chesapeake
Bay and Potomac River Tide-Water Canal
Company to enter the District of Columbia,
reported it with an amendment.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on tho
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (II. R.
No. #73) to extend the jurisdiction of the Court
of Claims, reported it without amendment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. 498) granting a pension to Mrs. Joanna
Winans, repoited it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a petition of uumarried daugh-
ters of revolutionary soldiers, praying that they
may be granted the same pension that was
received by their mothers while living, asked
to be discharged from its further consideration,
and that it be referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims ; which was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a message
from the President of the United States, com-
municating a report of the Secretary of State,
and papers relative to the claim on the Gov-
ernment by the owners of the British vessel
Magicienne, reported a bill (S. No. 297) for
the relief of the owners of the British vessel
Magicienne; which was read and passed to a
second reading.
Mr. JOHNSON. I am instructed by the
Committee on the Judiciary, to whom was
referred the bill (S. No. 75) to amend the act
entitled "An act to reorganize the courts in
the District of Columbia," &c., and for other
purposes, to report that they have had it under
consideration and are of opinion that it should
not pass. I move that the bill be indefinitely
postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. POLAND, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 39) to refer the claim of the
administrator of Richard W. Meade, deceased,
to the Court of Claims, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Claims; which
was agreed to.
Mr. NYE, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
A. L. Flenry, praying for the appointment of a
commission to visit London to investigate the
invention of the so-called Zopissa board with
a view of purchasing that invention for the use
of the United States Government, ^ reporte'd
adversely thereon, and asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 246) relating to public schools in
the District of Columbia, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 183) concerning
the fire department of Washington city, re-
ported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 253) to incorporate
the First Congregational Society of Washington,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 26-1) to grant cer-
tain privileges to the Alexandria and Wash-
ington Railroad Company in the District of
Columbia, reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. ISfo. 247) donating cer-
tain lots in the city of Washington for schools
for colored children, reported it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. The same committee, to
whom was referred a petition of citizens of
the United States, praying for an appropria-
tion for the establishment of an industrial nor-
mal school and farm and workshops in tho Dis-
trict of Columbia for the education of compe-
tent teachers in agriculture and the mechanic
arts, have instructed me to report that legis-
lation is inexpedient; and I move that the
petition be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Mrs. Jane D. Brent, praying for a pension,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 298) granting a pension to Jane D. Brent.
The bill was read, and passed to a second read-
ing, and the report was ordered to be printed.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred the petition of Mrs. Jane E. Miles,
widow of William D. Miles, praying for a pen-
sion, submitted a report, accompanied by a
bill (S. No. 299) granting a pension to Jane
E. Miles. The bill was read, and passed to a
second reading, and the report was ordered to
be printed.
REPORT RECOMMITTED.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordered, Tha t the report of the Committee on Rev-
olutionary Claims on the petition of Sarah L. Spring
and Harriet Spring, of Waterville, Maine, heirs of
Captain William Barker, deceased, of the continental
establishment of the revolutionary army, praying
Congress to grant to them the pension that their
grandfather would have drawn from the time of his
discharge to the time of his death, or the half pay,
with interest thereon, to which he was entitled by
law, be recommitted to that committee.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. HOWARD asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 301) regulating the service of final process
in suits at law and of orders and decrees in
equity of courts of the United States in placcs
out of their jurisdictional limits; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. MORGAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 302) for the relief of the Mercantile Mutual
Insurance Company of New York; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
Mr. GUTHRIE asked, and by unanimons
consent obtained, leavo to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 82) to provide for codifying
the laws relating to the customs; which was
read twice by its title.
Mr. GUTHRIE. When I was in the Treas-
ury Department I reported to Congress a codi-
fication of the revenue laws. I deemed it
necessary at that time, but Congress did not
act on it. It lies in the Treasury yet unacted
upon and undisposed of. In a conversation
with the Secretary of the Treasury, this resolu-
tion was prepared, and I know he is anxious
to have the benefit of such a codification. I
propose to refer the resolution to the Commit-
tee on Commerce in ord^r that they may con-
sider the subject.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so referred.
PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. CLARK. There are several bills and
orders upon the Calendar reported from the
Committee on Claims. The Committee ou
Claims have asked of the Senate no time in
regard to these matters during the present ses-
sion ; and I propose to ask of the Senate a little
time on Friday next, if they will give it to me,
to consider some matters reported from the
Committee on Claims. Friday used to be a (Jay
set apart every week for the considerations?!
private claims, and I now propose to ask a little
timo next Friday, if the Senate will allow it.
FUNDING OF THE NATIONAL DEBT.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 300) to reduce the rate of interest on the
national debt, and for funding the same; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before this bill is referred
I desire to make a statement as to some of the
provisions of this bill for public information.
It provides in the usual form for a five per cent,
thirty-year loan, to be called the consolidated
debt of the United States, and to be disposed
of at not less than par, and to be applied to the
payment of the existing national debt other than
United States notes commonly known as green-
backs. There are two provisions of the bill
likely to excite opposition, one of which grows
out of the question of taxing property in Uni-
ted States securities. It cannot be denied that
a strong feeling grows out of the exemption
from State taxation of so large an amount of
property, and various propositions have been
made to subject them to increased taxation by
the United States. While they bear interest
at a rate equal to that allowed in most of the
States on notes and securities subject to tax,
this feeling of inequality will continue and in-
crease. They are now subject to income tax
levied by the United States, but owing to the
$600 exemption, now proposed to be increased
to $1,000, and alio to the large amount held
abroad which cannot be reached, and the readi-
ness with which the tax is evaded, it yields to
the United States less than one tenth of one per
cent, on tho aggregate debt. In consideration
of the voluntary reduction in the rate of inter-
est from six and seven and three tenths per cent,
to five per cent., this bill proposes to extend the
present exemption from State taxation to the
income tax, and will in effect secure to the
United States a reduction of one sixth of the
present interest paid, with but the trifling loss
of the income tax. The saving thus made,with
a further sum, sufficient annually to amount to
thirty millions, it is proposed to apply to the
payment of the principal of the debt. _ If unin-
terrupted this will be accomplished in thirty-
five years. The effect is to pay the national
debt by the saving of interest.
The second provision grows out of the option
given to the holders of the seven and three
tenths notes to demand payment in money at
their matuiityinfive-thirty bonds. This option
will compel the Secretary to accumulate vast
sums for a contingency that may not happen,
and place him at the mercy of sudden contrac-
tions whenever the notes mature, as they do
in large sums at specified dates. To avoid
this, this bill applies the common custom and
law of requiring a reasonable notice by the
holders of this option. The same principle
was applied to the option in the demand notes
of 1862, and to an ordinary hiring_of a house
or a servant from year to year. If no option
is taken then it is held to be a choice of money,
and the Secretary will have six months to pre-
pare for it. .
I will not discuss the bill further. It is
approved by the Secretary of the Treasury and
has been partially considered by the Commit-
tee on Finance. It will be objected that the
