1866.
THE CONCESSIONAL GLOBE.
gSrS' ^ not Pr0P0Se to stand longer in the
way Gi other business; and I send some letters
to the Clerk's desk. They are sample bricks
of this whole Bahei.
The Clerk read as follows:
National Express & Transportation Company,
Office 134 Baltimore Street,
Baltimore, March 15,1866.
Bear Sir : In reply to yours of the 13th I have to
say that more than a month since I made a written
application to the officers of the Camden and Amboy
Railway Company for facilities for doing our express
and transportation business over their road, and in
the meantime have repeatedly seen the president and
other officers of the road and urged them verbally to
give us such facilities.
In my last interview with the presidenthe declined
to entertain a proposition from us, and within the
last three days I have received the inclosed notice
from the secretary, which you will see amounts to a
flat refusal to treat with us.
Please return me the secretary's letter.
Respectfully yours, t H. WARFIELD.
Superintendent Northern Division,
General J. H. Wilson, Superintendent Northern De-
partment, Washington, 1). G.
Washington, D. C., March 16,1866.
Sir : I take the liberty of laying before you the fol-
lowing facts touching the matter of transportation
between thiscity and New York, and therefore throw-
ing some light on thequestionsinvolved in tho appli-
cation for an air-line railroad. *
. I believe it is urged by those opposed to the project
jujst mentioned that the present lino of railway via
Philadelphia and Baltimore is sufficient for all pur-
poses, and that therefore the charter asked for by the
advocates of the "air-line" is unnecessary.
Within the last two months, as the manager of the
National Express and Transportation Company in tb c
northern States, I have had occasion to negotiate with
the authorities of the Camden and Amboy railroad,
the Philadelphia, Wilmington, and Baltimore road,
and the Baltimore and Ohio road, for the purpose of
obtaining the usual facilities enjoyed by other express
companies in the transaction of their business. These
negotiations have been mostly conduct cd for tho com-
pany which I represent by Mr. II. Warfield, a busi-
nessman of great experience. After the remark that
the oxpress business is quite as much a legitimate oc-
cupation as any other and therefore entitled to fair
play on all hands, and particularly from public car-
riers, I beg to invite special attention to the fact that
the Camden and Amboy Railroad Company up to the
present time have denied the company which I rep-
resent any of the privileges granted to Adams' com-
pany, and that, too, in face of the fact that we have
asked for nothing unusual, and have signified our wil-
lingness and ability to pay at the same rates required
from others. I inclose herewith a letter from Mr. II.
Wariield, superintendent of the northern division, a
letter, marked "A," and also a copy of a letter trom
Mr. R. Stockton, secretary of the Camden and Amboy
railroad, from which it willbe seen that the rail-
road positively decline to negotiate for an extension
of their accommodations to express companies. W ith-
out annoying you with additional details or extrane-
ous information touching the reason for declining to
negotiate, it is fair to assume that they do so either
because they have sold what they call the exclusive
right to transact express business over their road to
the Adams' Express Company, and its branches, or that
they have already taxed their,road to its utmost in
giving accommodations of this kind, and therefore
are unable to do the business whichwehaveintended
to give them. In either case, an interest represented
by $10,000,000 in our company, and probably twicc as
much more in the other two companies alluded to in
the copy of Mr. Stockton's note, is compelled to suf-
fer because the Camden and Amboy railroad is either
sold to a gigantic monopoly or overtaxed inits capa-
cities. A condition of affairs in which either of these
could be the caseiscertainlyinjurioustothebusiness
interests of tho country, and afford ample reasons for
the chartering and construction of another road be-
tween New York and Philadelphia at least.
Between Philadelphia and this place the case is
slightly different, but still oppressive to the business
interests of the company which I represent; but with-
out going: into any details, I will simply say that the
offi9ers of our company stand ready to testify and are
desirous of being heard by the committee to which
has been referred tho matter of the " air-line road."
Mr. Warfield's address is care of the National Ex-
press and Transportation Company, Baltimore, Mary-
land. I can be found at the headquarters of Lieu-
tenant General Grant for a week.
Hoping that the statement above may receive due
consideration, and that the legitimate pursuits of
the country may be relieved of oppressive tribute to
aline of railway now enjoying a monopoly of the
carrying business between this point and the city of
New York. I have the honor to remain, very respect-
fully, your obedient servant,
JAMES H. WILSON,
Late Major General Volunteers,
Superintendent Northern Department
National Express and Transportation Company.
Hon. T. Stevens, M. G,
Princeton, New Jersey, March 12,1806.
Sir: The executive committee of the Camden and
Amboy Railroad Company have considered your ap-
plication and directed me to say that our connec-
tion with other railroads would require consultation
With them befoi c such arrangements could bo agreed
upon.
Wc Lave now three separate applications for three
new express companies over our route, but it is the
opinion of this committee that it is not for the inter-
est of the road to have anymore expresslincs on tho
road at present.
, Respectfully, Sea., R. W. STOCKTON,
Secretary.
H.JVVarfield, Superintendent National Express and
Iransportahon Company.
A true copy: jr. H. Wilson.
Mr. SHELLABARGrER. I wish to make
an inquiry of the gentleman from. Pennsylva-
via in regard to a matter I have heard sug-
gested again and again this morning as to the
propriety of our passing this bill. It is this :
the practical effect of the passage of this bill
will be to create a valuable franchise, which
will in the market command money, and the
result will be that that franchise will be sold
to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, or such
other bidder as may be found, and the proba-
bility is we will get no railroad, especially if
this passes into the hands of the Baltimore
and Ohio railroad. I desire the gentleman to
state, that it may go to the country with the au-
thority and force his statement will give, what
is known of the prospect of this road being
built. If it is passed by Congress—I know it
will be passed, because Congress deems it has
the right, as I have no doubt it has, to create
this under the power to regulate commerce,
and I doubt not the commerce of the country
is clogged up for want of channels of commu-
nication. If we are really to have another
channel the bill ought to pass. I ask tho gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania to state to the House
what is known in regard to the certain comple-
tion of this road.
Mr. STEVENS. I will say that I do not
suppose the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany propose to buy this road at all, for the
president of that road and others have been
nine times before the committee to prove that
no such road was wanted by anybody. Two
gentlemen of high standing and great wealth
came before us. I required them to go to New
York and consult with others there before I
would move at all. They came back and
assured me that $10,000,000 could be raised
in ten days after the passage of this bill, and
(|fhat the charter if granted would not be sold to
"any other corporation; that these gentlemen in
New York and Pennsylvania had determined
that another road should be made, if they could
get the privilege to make one, and that they
had ready the money to make it, and from men
there I know they have the money. Both of
the'se gentlemen, men of high standing, assured
mo that the money was ready as soon as this
bill was passed. And I take considerable re-
proach to myself for having allowed this bill to
lay so long to accommodate the gentleman from
Maryland, [Mr. F. Thomas.]
Mr. SHELLABARGrER. _ I would ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
if he has any objection to patting into this bill
a provision that this franchise shall not he
transferred to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad,
or any other corporation without the consent
of Congress?
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I agree to the propriety
of sueh a provision, though I do not think that
there is any danger of these parties parting
with so valuable a privilege.
The SPEAKER. The House is acting un-
der the operation of the previous question, and
any amendment must be by unanimous con-
sent.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I must object to the
amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. Then I will see that it is
put in by the Senate. I have only this further
to say, that if there is this value in this fran-
chise, why should the stockholders sell it at
all? This is an attempt on the part of the
people to get rid of these odious monopolies
which have been grinding us to tho earth for
years. It is intended that this road shall carry
passengers at one half the rate, and freight at
less than one half what is now charged by the
other roads. Iron ore and pig metal and every-
thing of that kind will bo brought to this city
at the rate of two cents per mile, while four
cents and upward is now charged. I hops
now the vote will be taken.
question was upon the amendment
or Mi*. O NeilLj to insert the following:
company shall run a through passen-
ger tram out of Wasiimgtion every night as late a3
eleven o clock, p. m.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next question was upon tho amendment
of Mr. Scofield, to strike out of the second
section the words "or lines."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was then ordered to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LATHAM. I ask for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The engrossedbill is not
upon the Clerk's desk.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed, for the purpose of allowing the gen-
tleman from Ohio [Mr. Siiellabargeb] to offer
the amendment he indicated a few moments
since.
TIio motion to reconsider was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I now move to
amend the bill by adding thereto the following
words:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That it shall not
bo lawful for tho said National Railway Company to
soil or transfer, cither directly or indirectly, any of
the franchises crcated by this act, without the assent
of Congress, to tho Baltimoro and Ohio Uailroad
Company, or to any other railroad company or party
interested in the several existing railroad lines be-
tween the cities of Washington and No"w York.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under tho opera-
tion thereof the bill as amended was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. LATHAM. I call for the reading of
the engrossed bill.
The SPEAKER. The engrossed copy is
not here, and therefore the bill will go to the
Speaker's table.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask to have entered a
motion to reconsider the vote ordering the bill
to be engrossed.
The motion was entered.
ASSASSINATION OP PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. BINGHAM obtained the floor but
yielded to
Mr. BOTJTWELL, who said: I am instructed
by the Committee on the Judiciary to submit
a report in regard to the complicity of Jeffer-
son Davis and others in the assassination of
President Lincoln. I move that the report
be laid upon the table and printed, and upon
that motion I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I move that the
friends of Mr. Davis on the committee have
leave to submit a minority report.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that five
thousand extra copies of this report be printed.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be re-
ferred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing. *
Mr. JOHNSON. If Jefferson Davis is to
be prosecuted, we ought not. it seems to me,
to publish this evidence to the world.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered, which was on ordering
the printing of the report.
Mr. E LDRIDGE. I call for the reading of
the report.
Several Members. We object.
The SPEAKER. It must be read unless
the House suspend the rule which gives any
member the right to call for the reading.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
that rule.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. On that motion I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
