3292
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the clause the following proviso:
Provided further, That persons who sell shell or
other fish, or both, trundling from place- to place, and
not from any shop or stand, shall be required to pay
five dollars only; and no special tax shall be imposed
for selling shell or other fish from hand-carts or
wheelbarrows.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word '/trundling"
in that proviso should be " traveling," and I
move that amendment.
.The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
33. Apothecaries shall pay ten dollars. Every per-
son who keeps a shop or building where medicines
are compounded or prepared according to prescrip-
tions of physicians, or where medicines aresold, shall
be regarded as an apothecary under this act. But
wholesale and retail dealers, who have paid the
special tax therefor, shall not be required to pay a
tax as an apothecary; nor shall apothecaries who
have paid the special tax be required to pay the tax
as retail dealers in liquor in consequence of selling
alcohol, or of selling or of dispensing, up.on physi-
cian's prescriptions, the wines and spirits officinal in
the United Statesand other national pharmacopoeias,
in quantities not exceeding half a pint of either at
any one time, not exceeding in aggregate cost value
the sum of $300 per annum.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
34. Photographers shall pay ten dollars. Any per-
son or persons who make for sale photographs, ambro-
types, daguerreotypes, or pictures, by the action of
light, shallbe regarded a photographer under this act.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows :
35. Tobacconists shall pay ten dollars. Any person,
firm, or corporation whose business is to sell, at re-
tail, cigars, snuff, or tobacco in any form, shall bo
regarded a tobacconist under this act. But whole-
sale and retail dealers, and keepers of hotels, inns,
tavern?, and eating-houses, having paid the special
tax therefor, shall not be required to pay the tax as
-tobacconists, anything in this act to the contrary
notwithstanding.
The Committee on Finance proposed an
amendment, in line fifteen hundred and seven
to strike out the words " sell at retail" and to
insert " manufacture."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The latter part of the,
paragraph should come out, as it is provided
for in another place j and I therefore move to
strike out the words :
But wholesale and retail dealers, and keepers of
hotels, inns, taverns, and eating-houses, having paid
the special tax therefor, shall not be required to pay
the tax as tobacconists, anything in this act to the
contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows :
36. Batchers shall pay ten dollars. Every person
whoso business it is to sell butchers' meat at retail
shall be regarded as a butcher under this act: Pro-
vided, That no butcher having paid the special tax
therefor shall be required to pay the special tax as
a retail dealer on account of selling other articles at
the same store, stall, or premises: Provided further.
That butchers who sell butchers'meat exclusively
by themselves or agents, and persons who sell shell-
fish or other fish, or both, traveling from place to
place, and not from any shop or stand, shall be re-
quired to pay five dollars only, any existing law to
trie contrary notwithstanding. And no special tax
shall be imposed for selling shell-fish or other fish
from hand-carts or wheelbarrows.
The Committee on Finance reported two
amendments to this item. The first was in
line fifteen hundred and twenty-one, after the
word " agents/' to strike out the words " and
persons who sell shell-fish or other fish, or
both."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen
hundred and twenty-five, after the word "not-
withstanding," to strike out the following
words:
And no special tax shall be imposed for selling
shell-fish or other fish from hand-carts or wheel-
barrows.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item? as follows:
37. Proprietors of theaters, museums, and concert
halls, receiving pay .as entrance money, shall pay
$100. Every edifice used for the purpose of dramatic
or operatic or other representations, plays or per-
formances, not including halls rented or used occa-
sionally for concerts or theatrical representations.
shall be regarded as a theater under this act: Pro-
vided, That when any such edifice is under lease at
the passage of this act, the tax shall be paid by the
lessee, unless otherwise stipulated between the parties
to said lease.
The Committee on Finance reported two
amendments to this item. The first was in line
fifteen hundred and twenty-nine to strike out
the words " receiving pay as entrance money.'7
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifteen hun-
dred and thirty-two, after the word "perform-
ances," to insert "for admission to which en-
trance money is received."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
38. The proprietor or proprietors of circuses shall
pay $100. Every building, tent, space, or area where
feats of horsemanship or acrobatic sports or theatri-
cal performances are exhibited, shall be regarded as
a circus under this act: Provided, That no special
tax paid in one State shall exempt exhibitions from
the tax in another State. And but one special tax
shall be imposed under this act for exhibitions within
any one State.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
Mr. GRIMES. I desire to call attention to
the language of this clause. It reads as fol-
lows :
The proprietor or proprietors of circuses shall pay
SI00. Every building, tent, space, or area where feats
of horsemanship or acrobatic sports or theatrical per-
formances are exhibited, shall be regarded as acircus
under this act.
Now, I unfortunately own apiece of ground,
and when a circus comes along it generally
takes possession of it and performs there. If
they go upon a piece of ground belonging to
any gentleman, and set up their tent, and per-
form on an afternoon or evening, he owning
the area or space on which these feats of horse-
manship are performed becomes, in the eyes of
the law, a proprietor of a circus.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It says that " the pro-
prietor or proprietors of circuses shall pay
$100."
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; but then it goes
on to say " every building, tent, space, or area
where feats of horsemanship or acrobatic sports
or theatrical performances arc exhibited, shall
be regarded as a circus under this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Senator from Iowa propose an amendment?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir; I do not. I simply
desire to call the attention of the committee
to it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the bill will be proceeded with.
The Secretary read the following items, to
which no amendments were proposed by the
Committee on Finance:
39. Jugglers shall pay twenty dollars. Every per-
son who performs by sleight of hand shall be re-
garded as a juggler under this act. The proprie-
tors or agents of all otherpublic exhibitions or snows
for money, not enumerated in this section, shall pay
ten dollars: Provided, That a special tax paid in one
State shall not exempt exhibitions from tax in an-
other State. And butone special tax shall bercquired
under this act for exhibitions within any one State.
40. Proprietors of bowling-alleys and billiard rooms
shall pay ten dollars for each alley or table. Every
place or building where bowls are thrown or billiards
played, and open to the public, with or without price,
shall be regarded as a bowling-alley or billiard room,
respectively, under this act.
41. Proprietors of gift enterprises shall pay $150.
Every person, firm, or corporation who shall sell or
offer for sale any real estate or article of merchan-
dise of any description whatsoever, or any ticket of
admission to any exhibition or performance, with a
promise, express or implied, to give or bestow, or in
any manner hold out the promise of gift or bestowal
of any articlo or thing for and in consideration of
the purchase by any person of any other article or
thing, shall be regarded as a proprietor of a gift en-
terprise under this act: Provided, That no such pro-
prietor, in consequence of being thus taxed, shall be
exempt from paying any other tax imposed by law,
and the special tax herein required shall be in addi-
tion thereto.
The next item was read, as follows:
42. Owners of stallions and jacks shall pay ten dol-
lars. Every person who keeps a male horse or a jack
for the use of mares, requiring or receiving pay there-
for, shall be regarded as the owner thereof, and shall
furnish a statement to the assessor or assistant as-
sessor, which shall contain a brief description of the
animal, its age, and place or places where used or to
be used: Provided, That all accounts, notes, or de-
mands for the use of any such horse or jack, the owner
or keeper thereof not having paid the tax as afore-
said, shall bo void.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by striking out the word
"male," before "horse."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the following items, to
which the committee proposed no amendment:
43. Lawyers shall pay ten dollars. Every person
who for fee or reward shall prosecute or defend causes
in any court of record or other judicial tribunal of
the United States or of any of the States, or whoso
business it is to givo legal advice in relation to any
cause or matter whatever, shall^ be deemed to be a
lawyer within the meaning of this act.
44. Physicians, surgeons, and dentists shall pay ten
dollars. Every person (except apothecaries) whose
business it is, for fee and reward, to prescribe reme-
dies or perform surgical operations for the cure of
any bodily disease or ailing, shall be deemed a phy-
sician, surgeon, or dentist, within the meaning of
this act.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert after the items last read the following:
45. Architects and civil engineers shall pay £en dol-
lars for each license. Every person whose business
it is to plan, design, or superintend the construction
of buildings or ships, or of roads or bridges or canals
or railroads, shall be regarded as an architect and
civil engineer under this act: Provided, That this
shall not include a practical carpenter who labors on
a building.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
45. Builders and contractors shall pay ten dollars.
Every person whose business it is to construct build-
ings, or ships or bridges or canals or railroads, by
contract, whose receipts from building contracts ex-
ceed $2,500 in any one year, shall be regarded as a
builder and contractor under tliib act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Com-
mittee on Finance propose to change " forty- '
five" to "forty-six," as the number of the
clause. This change will be made without a
vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to change the
word "ships" to "vessels," the latter being
a more comprehensive term.
The amendment -was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert after the item last read the following:
47. Plumbers and gas-fitters shall pay ten dollars
for each license. Every person, firm, or corporation,
whose business it is to fit, furnish, or sell plumbing
materials, gas-pipes, gas-burners, or other gas-fix-
tures, shall be regarded a plumber and gas-fitter
within the moaning of this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
change from "forty-six" the number of the
next item, namely:
46. Assayors, assaying gold and silver, or either, of
a value not exceeding in one year $250,000, shall pay
$100, and $200 when the value exceeds $250,000 and
does not exceed $500,000, and $500 when the valuo
exceeds $500,000. Any person or persons or corpora-
tion whose business or occupation it is to separate
gold and silver from other metals or mineral sub-
stances with which such gold or silver, or both, are
alloyed, combined, or united, or to ascertain or de-
termine the quantity of gold or silver in any alloy or
combination with other metals, shall be deemed an
asbuyer for the purpose of this act.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The num-
bering will be changed without a vote.
The next item was read, as follows:
47. Miners shall pay ten dollars. Every person,
firm, or company, who shall employ others in the
business of mining for coal, or for gold, silver, cop-
Eer, lead, iron, zinc, spelter, or other minerals, not
aving paid the tax therefor, as a manufacturer, and
no other, shall be regarded as a minor under this act:
Provided, That this shall not apply to any miner
whose receipts as such shall not exceed, annually,
$1,000.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
change the number of the item from "forty-
seven" to "forty-nine."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The change
will be made without a vote.
The next item was read, as follows:
48. Express carriers and agents shall pay ten dollars.
Every person, firm, orcompany engaged in the carry-
ing or delivery of money, valuable papers, or any
articles for pay, or doing an express business, whose
gros3 receipts therefrom exceed the sum of $1,000
per annum, shall be regarded as an express carrier:
Provided, That but one special tax of ten dollars
shall be imposed upon any one person, firm, or com-
pany, in respcet to all the business to# be done by
such person, firm, or company, on a continuous route,
and the payment of such tax shall cover all business
done upon such route by such person, firm, or com-
pany anywhere in the United States; and such tax
shall be required only from the principal m such
business, and not from any subordinate: Provided,
further, That draymen or,teamsters owning one dray
or team shall not be required to pay such tax.
