THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
January 18,
the? had been given after they were dead two
years. [Laughter.]
Mr. THAYER. Only I dirl not see exactly
- how it supports the gentleman's argument.
Mr. JOHNSON. I cannot explain it for the
benefit of the gentleman himself. I am ad-
dressing the whole House. But I say that this
conferring upon the soldiers the elective fran-
chise, and when they fail to e'xercise it putting
in false returns for them, is about as complete
a mockery as giving to a few of the smartest
and best-educated negroes, or those who have
a little J>roperty, the right to vote, and thus at-
tempting to guard it so that they can have no
controlling influence.
Sir, the man who votes must be eligible to he
voted for. There can be no discrimination be-
tween men who have a common lot in the 0 ov-
ernment. Fori come back to this proposition:
that the voter is at the foundation of a popular
Government. The power to govern is conven-
"tional, as drawn from the fact that'he is a con-
stituent part of that government itself. There-
fore all machine voting falls to the ground. By
machine voting I mean that kind of voting they
used to have in the city Of Baltimore in Know-
Nothing times—votes given by Blood-Tubs,
Black-Snakes, andPlug-Uglies. I do not know
all those names; I have almost forgotten them.
Machine voting is that by which a man puts a
few hundred ballots in a district and demands
of certain persons a certain number of votes
when the poll is closed, and if that is not enough,
to have it fixed up by return day.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not suppose my friend
designs any disrespcct to Billy McMullen ; but I
advise him to be cautions. [Laughter.]
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, lie can
take earo of himself.
Mr. JOHNSON. I never had anything to do
with the Know N othings except in 1854. I was
a candidate for the Legislature, and just at the
close of the polls I looked back over my shoul-
der and saw "Sam" a short distance behind.
I do not know anything about Billy McMullen
or my colleague's friends generally. I suppose
he is some gentleman in Lancaster. [Laugh-
ter.] But I do remember that after the groat
contest of 18-3-1 was fought in Pennsylvania
we had a United States Senator to elect,. But
whether my dist inguished colleague was a Know-
Nothing or not 1 do not know. The first time
I ever saw him was during the canvass for Uni-
ted States Senator. He knows very well, how-
ever, what 1 mean by this iCnow-Nrothmg or-
ganization that carried on for awhile a sort of
machine voting, or voting by proxy.
And here I am reminded that it looks to me
very much in this city as if this negro voting
wasto bo a continuation of the substitute busi-
ness—not nnderthc conscription law, however.
In this city the resident population are very
unanimous against negroes taking part in the
elective franchise. But. there is a very large
floating population which sways about the Dis-
trict and fills the ealleries of the Houses of
Congress. They are not. residents here. They
arc clerks in the Depart ments, that go home on ee
a year to renew their allegiance to the candi-
date of their district, and then claim, when lie
is elected to Congress, that ho must hoop them
in office all the time. At the election the other
day that class of persons did not vote at all,
because, if they had, they would not be able to
vote at home next fall; and in that case their
member of Congress might forget them. But
inasmuch as this class of foreigners in this city,
employes of the Government, are unable them-
selves to vote against the residents, it seems that
they have circulated petitions in all the Depart-
ments asking that the negroes might vote as
their substitutes, just as the same clerks, a great
number of them, fought their battles in the war
by suhstitnt.es.
N ow, it cannot be possible tha.t there is any
necessity for this change in this city. I remem-
ber two or three years ago that there was sonic
diifieiilfv in Congress witn regard to the safety
ofthis J hVtrict on ibe question of loyalty. 1 re-
member we had some action here, and"that the
mayor of the city had to be locked up about
three weeks in some fort till he would consent
to resign, so that the present mayor could take
possession and administer the affairs of the city
as a loyal man should do. Mr. Wallach had
been a candidate, and claimed that he was
elected, and was contesting the office with the
acting mayor.
But the Government came to the conclusion
that Mayor Berrett, was disloyal, and so he was
locked up until he consented to resign, and so
let in a good, loyal man; and this ended the
contest.
And now that loyal man is hardly loyal enough;
now it is proposed to put the city in the hands
of somebody else; another class of persons are
to be manipulated into voters here so they may
take control of the city. Who propose to do
this thing? Why, members of Congress who
have not a dollar's worth of property to be pro-
tected by the city government; members of Con-
gress who claim no right to vote in this District;
members of Congress who, it may possibly be,
though it is hardly probable, have not paid up
all their board bills; members of Congress com-
ing from all parts of the country, from the
Aroostook to Vancouver, and saying to the peo-
ple of this District, '! You do not know how to
manage your own affairs; we willimpose a voting
population upon you who will take better care
of your property than you have done hereto-
fore."
Sir, we hear a tremendous outcry in this
House in favor of popular government and
about the guarantee of the Constitution of the
United States to the several States that tliey
shall have republican governments, llow are
the poor people of this District to have a re-
publican form of government if gentlemen who
have come to this eitj' porhaps lor the first time
in their lives undertake to control them as ab-
solutely £nd arbitrarily us Lonis Napoleon con-
trols France or Maximilian Mexico? Gentle-
men ask, what right have they to hold an election
and express their sentiments? What riaht have
they to hold such an election? Surely they
ought to have the right to petition, for their
rulers are generally arbitrary enough,
Mr. Speaker, it seems to mc ridiculously in-
consistent for gentlemen upon this floor to prate
so much about, a republican form of govern-
ment, and rise here and otter resolution after
resolution about the Monroe doctrine and the
downtrodden Mexicans, while they force upon
the people of tins District a government not
of their own choice, because the voter in a
popular government is a governor himself.
But, sir, this is only part of a grand plan.
Gentlemen who dare not go before their white
constituents and urge that negroes shall have
a vote in their own States, corae here and un-
dertake; to thrust negro suffrage upon the people
here. Gentlemen whose States have repudi-
ated the idea of giving the elective franchise to
negroes, come here and are willing to give the
suffrage to negroes here, as if they intended to
make this little District of Columbia a sort of
negro Eden; as if they intended to say to the
negroes of Virginia and Maryland and Dela-
ware, "You have no right to vote in these
States, but if you will go to Washington you
can vole there." I imagine I can see them
swarming up from different sections of the
country to this city and inquiring where the
polls are. Agents, men anil women, such as
there are at work in this city, will no doubt be
at work in these States telling them to pack
their knapsacks and march to Washington, for
on such a*day there is to be an election, and
there they will have the glorious privilege of
the white man. Sir, all this doctrine is de-
structive of the American system of govern-
ment which recognizes the right of no man to
participate in it unless ho is a citizen, which
secures to the citizen his voice in the control
and management of the Government, and pre-
vents those not citizens from standing in the
wav of the exercise of his just rights. ■
This Government does not belong to any
race so that it can be divested or disposed of.
The present aze have no riaht. lo terminate it.
It is ours to enjoy and administer, and to trans-
mit to posterity unimpaired as we received it
from the fathers.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, it is only
recently that I entertained the purpose to speak
at all upon this bill, and it was my expectation
to avail myself of the kindness of the chairman
of the Judiciary Committee to divide with him
the time allotted to him by the rules of the
House; but I accept the opportunity now pre-
sented of speaking before the previous question
is demanded, to state certain views I entertain
on this subject.
I may say, in the beginning, that I am opposed
to all dilatory motions upon this bill. I am
opposed to the instructions moved by the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Hale,] because I
see in them no advantage to anybody, and I
apprehend from their adoption much evil to the
country. It should be borne in mind that when
we emancipated the black people we not only
relieved ourselves from the institution of sla-
very, we not only conferred upon them freedom,
but we did more, we recognized their manhood,
which, by the old Constitution and the general
policy and usage of the country, had been, from
the organization of the Government until the
emancipation proclamation, denied to all of the
enslaved colored people. As a consequence of
the recognition of their manhood, certain re-
sults follow in accordance with the principles of
this Government, and they who believe in this
Government are, by necessity, forced to accept
those results as a consequence of the policy of
emancipation which they have inaugurated and
for which they are responsible.
But to say now, having given freedom to them,
that they shall not enjoy the essential rights and
privileges of men, is to abandon the principle of
the proclamation of emancipation, and tacitly
to admit that the whole emancipation policy is
erroneous.
it has been suggested that it is premature to
demand immediate action upon the question of
negro suffrage in the District of Columbia. I
am not personally responsible for the presence
of the bill at the present time, lint lam respon-
sible for the observation that there never has
been a day during a session of Congress since
the emancipation proclamation, ay, since the
negroes ofthis District were emancipated, when
it was not the duty of the Government, which
by the Constitution is intrusted with exclusive
jurisdiction in this District, to confer upon the
men of this District, without distinction of race
or color, the rights and privileges of men. And,
therefore, tffere can bo nothing premature in this
measure, and i cannot see how any one who sup-
ports the proclamation of emancipation, which
is a recognition of the manhood of the whole
colored people of this country, can hesitate as
to his duty; and while I make no suggestion as
to the duty of other men, I have a clear percep-
tion of my own. And, first, we are bound to
treat the colored people in this District in re-
gard to the matter of voting precisely as we treat
white people. And I do not hesitate to express
the opinion that if the question here to-day were
whether any qualification slftiuld be imposed
upon white voters in this District, if they alone
wore concerned, this House would not,,ay, not
ten men upon this floor would, consider whether
any qualitieations should be imposed or not.
What are the qualifications suggested? They
are three. First and most attractive, servicc
in the Army or Navy of the United States. I
shall have occasion to say if I discuss, as 1 hope
lo do. the nature and origin of the right of vot-
ing, that there is not the least possible connec-
tion between service in the Army and Navy and
the exercise of the elective franchise; none what-
ever. These men have" performed service, and
I am for dealing justly with them because they
have performed service. But I am more anx-
ious to deal justly by them because they are men.
And when it is remembered that for months
and almost for years after the opening of the
rebellion we refused to accept the services of
colored persons in the armies of the country, it
is with an ill grace that we now dccline to allow
the vote of any man because he has not per-
formed that service.
