4252
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,.
J&lr. ELDBIDGrE. I call for tellers oa or-
dering the yeas and t>g.ys.
Tellers were not ordered.
The motion to suspend the rule was agreed to.
So the reading of the report was dispensed
with.
The question being taken on ordering the
printing" of the report, it was decided in the
affirmative.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by*which the report was ordered to be
printed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL. The committee have re-
ported two resolutions; but under the circum-
stances in which I am placed in regard to the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]'he hav-
ing yielded to me the floor, I will not ask a
vote upon those resolutions at this time if there
is auy opposition to them.
Mr. ELDJUDG-B. Let them be read for
information. All the objection we make to
any of these matters is because the gentleman
from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] and others of
the minority of that committee have had no
opportunity to examine the testimony.
Mr. WEiNWOttTH. I renew my motion,
that the minority of the committee have leave
to present their report.
The SPEAKBIt. The Chair hears no objec-
tion. and leave is granted.
Mr, WILSON, of Iowa; In regard to this
report, I will say, by the permission of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Boutweli,,]
that this is not made as a' final report in the
case. It is rather a preliminary report; and
the gentleman from New Jersey will have ample
opportunity to examine all the evidence and
prepare any statement of his views which he
may deem it proper to present.
The SPEAKER. He has now the authority
of the House to make a minority report.
The resolutions reported by the committee
will be read, 'after which any gentleman can
object to their consideration.
The Clerk read as follows:
Resolved, That thoro is no defect or insufficiency in
the present state of tho law to provont or intorfero
with tho tnal of Jefferson Davis lor the crime ot" trea-
son or any other crime for which thoro may be prob-
able ground for arraigning him before tho tribunals
ot 1110 country.
Hevnhed further, That it is tho duty of tho execu-
tive department of the Government loprocccd with
tho investigation of tho facts connected with tile as-
sassination of the late President, Abraham Lincoln,
without unnecessary delay; that Jefferson Davis and
others named in the proclamation of President John-
son ot May 2,186i>, may be put upon trial and prop-
ci'Jy punished if guilty, or relieved from the charges
against thom if found to bo innocent.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is very apparent that
we must object to these resolutions. They
refer to matters which properly belong to tho
courts.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Then lot tho resolutions
go over.
message fltom the senate.
_ A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
further insisted on its amendments, disagreed
to by the House, to the bill (H. R. No. 780)
entitled "An act to protect the revenue, and
for other purposes," had agreed to the further
confcrcncc asked by the House, and had ap-
pointed, as conferees on the part of the Senate.
Messrs. Clark, Van Winkle, and Morgan.
Tho message further announced that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, House
bills of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 809) to further regulate
the printing of public documents and the pur-
chase of paper for the public printing;
An act (TI. R. No. 759) to authorize the
refunding of certain taxes; and
_ An act (II. R. No. 810) amendatory of sec-
tion thirteen of an act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes,' approved June 30, 1864," approved
March 3, 1865,
ENROLLED BILLS AND JOINT RESOLUTION
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled bills and a, joint
resolution of the following titles; when the
Speaker signed the same :
An act (S. No. 884) to prevent the wearing
of sheath knives by American seamen;
An act (S. No. 406) for the removal of causes
in certain cases from the State courts;
An act (S. No. 89) to amend the acts relat-
ing to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of New
York, and for other purposes ;' and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 131) for the tem-
porary relief of the sufferers by the late fire in
Portland, in the State of Maine.
pensioners dllopped fkom tiie bolls.
The SPEAKER, byunaniinous consent, laid
before the House a letter of the Secretary of
the Interior, transmitting, in reply to a resolu-
tion of the House of May 22, a partial answer
of the Commissioner of Pensions in regard to
pensioners dropped from the pension-rollsunder
the act of Congress approved February 4,1862;
which was referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions and ordered to be printed.
DOTY ON I3IPOUTISD WOOL.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call up the motion to re-
consider the vote by which the bill (H. R. No.
793) to provide increased revenue from im-
ported wool, and for other purposes, was re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
refer the bill to the Committee of the Whole
on the state of tho Union.
Tho motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred on ordering the bill to
be engrossed and read a third time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I offer the following
amendments: °
In tlio ten til lino of section two, strikeout "forty,"
and insert fifty;" so that tho paragraph will read
as follows:
On woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all manufac-
turers of wool of every description made wholly or
in part of wool, not herein otherwise provided for-
fifty cents per pound, and,in addition thereto, thirty-
live per cent, ad valorem.
In the same section strike out in the twentieth line
tho word twenty-live" and insert "thirty;" strike
out in the twenty-second line tho word "thirty-five"
and insert'' fouy;" in the twenty-third line strike
out forty and insert "fiftyso that the paragraph
will read as follows;
On flannels, blankets, hats of wool, knit goods, bal-
morals, woolcfla and worsted yarns, and all manufac-
tures ot overy description, composed wholly or in part
of worsted, the hair of the alpaca, goat, or other like
animals, except such as are composed in part of
wool, not otherwise provided for, valued at not ex-
ceeding forty cents per pound, twenty cents per
pound; valued at above forty cents per pound and
notexeeedmg sixty coots per pound, thirty cents per
pound; valued at above sixty cents per pound and
not exceeding eighty cents per pound, forty cents
per pound; valued at above eighty cents per pound,
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, upon
all the above-named articles, thirty-five per ccnt
ad valorem.
In the same scction strike out in the sixty-ninth
lino the word twenty" and insert "twenty-eight-"
so that the clause will road as follows:
On patent velvet and tapestry velvetcarpets, printed
on the warp or otherwise, forty cents per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per ccnt. ad va-
lorem; on tapestry Brussels carpets, printed on the
warp or otherwise, twenty-eight cents per squaroyard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. Speaker, I now call the previous ques-
tion on the bill and amendments.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask the
gentleman what is the effect of these amend-
ments.
Mr. BINGHAM. Nothing more nor less
than putting the second section in a form pre-
cisely similar to the provisions on this subject
already passed by this House.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. What is the duty
on manufactured wool under this amendment,9
Mr. BINGHAM. The same that we have
already agreed on in this House.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would like to inquire
whether the bill is not substantially the same
as tne section in reference to wool in the tariff
bill which we passed.
'•lit
Mr. BINGHAM. Exactly.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the House will
pass it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the ameadments were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I call the previous ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the'
main question ordered.
_ Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask that the
bill be reported.
Tho Clerk read tho bill, as follows :
. Re it enacted_ by the Senate and Hume of Representa-
tives of the United States of A ntenea in Congress assem-
bled, That from and after the passage of this act, in
lieu of the duties now imposed bylaw on the articles
mentioned and embraced in this scetion, there shall
be levied, collected, and paid on all unmanufactured
wool, hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like ani-
mals. imported from foreign countries, the duties
hereinafter provided. All wools, hair of tho alpaca,
goat, and other like animals, as aforesaid, shall be
divided, for the purpose ot fixing tho duties to be
charged thereon, into three classes, to wit:
* Class 1.
Clothing wools; that is to Miy, merino, mcstiza, nietz,
ormotis wools, or otherwools of merino blood, imme-
diate or remote; down clothing wools, and wools of
like character with any of the preceding, including
such as have been heretofore usually imported into
the United States from Buenos Ayres, New Zealand.
Australia, Cape of Good Hope, Russia, Great Britain,
Canada, and elsewhere, and also including all wools
not hereinafter described or designated in classes two
and three.
Class 2.
Combing wools: that is to say, Leicester, Cotswold,
Lincolnshire, down combing wools, Canada long
wools, or other like combing wools of English blood,
and usually known by the terms herein used; and
also all hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like ani-
mals.
Class 3.
Carpet wools and other similar wools: such asDon-
sltoi, native South American, Cordova, Valparaiso,
native Smyrna, and including ail such wools of like
character as have been usually imported into tho
the United States from Turkey, Greece, Egypt, Syria,
and elsewhere.
For the purpose of carrying into effect the classifi-
cation herein provided, a sufficient number of dis-
tinctive samples of the various kinds ot wool or hair
embraced m each of the three classes above named,
selected and prepared under the direction of the Sec-
retary of the Treasury, and duly verified by him, (the
standard samples being retained in the Treasury De-
partment,) shall be deposited in tho custom-houses
and elsewhere, as he may direct, which samples shall
be useifby the proper officers of the customs to deter-
mine tho classes above specified, to which all im-
ported wools belong. And upon wools of the lir-st
class, the value whereof at the last port or place
whence exported to the United States, excluding
charges m such port, shall be thirty-two cents or less
per pound, tho duty shall bo ten cents per pound,
and, in addition thereto, eleven per cent, ad valorem;
upon wools of the same class, the value whereof at
the last port or place whence exported to the United
States, excluding charges in such port, shall exceed
thirty-two cents per pound, the duty shall be twelve
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, ten per
cent, ad valorem. Upon wools of the second class
and upon all hair of the alpaca, goat, and other like
animals, the value whereof at the last port or placo
whence exported to the United States, excluding
charges m such port, shall bo thirty-two ccnts or less
per pOund, the duty shall bo ten cents per pound
and, m addition thereto, eleven percent, advalorem:
upon wools of the same class, tne value whereof at
the last port or place whence exported to the United
i tates, excluding charges in such port, shall cxcecd
thirty-two cents per pound, the duty shall be twelve
cents, per pound, and, in addition thereto, ten per
ccnt. ad valorem. Upon wools of the third class tho
value'whereof at the last port or place whence ex-
ported into the United States, excluding charges in
such port, shall bo twelve cents or less per pound, the
duty shall be three cents per pound; upon wools of
the Fame class, the value whereof at tho last port or
place whence exported to the United Slates, exclud-
ing chaises in such port, shall exceed twelve ccnts
per pound, the duty shall be six cents per pound:
Provided, That any wooJ of the sheep, or hair of the
alpaca, goat, and other like animals, whichshall be
imported in any other than the ordinary condition
as now and heretofore practiced, or which shall be
changed m its character or condition,forthopurpose
of evading the duty, or which shall be reduced in
value by the admixture of dirt or any other foreign
substance, shall be subject to pay twice the amount
oi duty to which it would otherwise be subjected,
anything in this act to ihe contrary notwithstand-
in"1.further, That when wool of diffeiont
qualities is imported in the same bale, bag, or pack-
age, it shall bo appraised by the appraiser, to deter-
mine the rate of duty to which it snail be subjected,
at the average aggregate value of the contents of the
bale, bag, or package; and when bales of different
qualities arc embraced in the same invoice at the
