THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBEL
.from $1,600 to SI,400, or §200 for each clerk.
So that it makes a reduction in the sum required
to that extent. If we are to appear in Paris,
if we are to expend $48,000 for fixtures and fur-
niture, it is of course necessary that there should
be some arrangementmacle by which the articles
presented for exhibition should be so classified
that we should not duplicate from each State,
and from different parts of the same State, the
same articles. It is therefore absolutely neces-
sary that there should be some officers to regu-
late this. A general agent was appointed at
New York by the Secretary of State, whose
salary was not fixed. This appointment has
been approved,' and the appropriation is re-
quested for himself and the clork which he was
authorized to appoint.
The next provision is—
For tho compensation of professional and scientific
commissioners, tun in number, at the rato of £1.000
cach per annum, $10,000.
It may seem to some unnecessary that there
should "be ten scientific commissioners ap-
pointed to attend this Exposition; but if it be
necessary, assuredly the compensation of
$1,000, with the passage out and back, which
is provided for in another section, will not be
deemed extravagant. I think I may say with
some degree of confidence that if the commit-
tee will look at the character of the Exposition
and lhc plan upon which it is organized they
will come to the conclusion that a scientific
commission that shall attend for the purpose
of examining and reporting upon the results
of the industry of the world is absolutely es-
sential to the full realization of its manifold
advantages, and will far more than compen-
sate for the amount of the expenditure incurred
in this section.
The plan of the Exposition of 1RG7 is the
grandest classification of the world's industry
that the mind of man has ever conceived.
There has never been presented, in the history
of the world, such a comprehensive, systematic,
and scientific grouping of the various branches
of human industry of the world as this plan
unfolds. All the pursuits and products of in-
dustry are classified in ten leading divisions,
and subdivided into ninety-five classes. It is
proposed by the commissioner acting for the
Government, the American minister at Paris,
that one scientific commissioner for cach one
of these groups shall be appointed by the Gov-
ernment. The groups are as follows :
]. Works of art.
'J. Materials and application of labor to art.
!!. Furniture and oilier household articles.
4. Clothing, including cloths and other wear-
ing apparel.
f>. Mining, and the rough products of min-
ing.
I''. Processes of mechanic .arts.
V. Food, fresh and preserved, in its various
Btates.
8. Leading agricultural products and speci-
mens.
!i. Natural horticultural products and speci-
mens.
10. Objects especially exhibited for improv-
ing the physical and moral condition of the
populations of the earth.
These ten groups embrace all the pursuits of
man, all the products of industry, all the habits
of life, all the relations of men to each other,
to society, and to progressive civilization, tt
is of vast importance that this World's Exhi-
bition should be so far studied by our people
that we may be able to comprehend the advan-
tages to be derived from it, and appropriate
them to the instruction and benefit of the dif-
ferent sections of the country.
Yv'i; have eminent ,-eiriitifie men in every part
of the country who will be capable not only of
illustrating our own relation to the industrial
products of the earth, but combine in concise,
comprehensive methods the results of their
investigation, and to impart that information
to our people.
_ In the eastern States we have Professor Agas-
siz, now in South America, whose investiga-
tion s in natural science will electrify the world
and give to the American liame in the scientific
world a higher prestige than any nation has
enjoyed. Professor Agassiz believes that in a
few years the sons of the noble families of every
nation in Europe will be sent to the universities
•of this country to complete their studies, and
that in the study of natural science we shall
have advantages that are not enjoyed by any
other nation or any other people on the face of
the earth.
In the middle States they will be able to
present some one who will understand what is
necessary for the development of their industry
and the promotion of the great public interests
identified with and dependent upon the success
of American industry.
And the valley of the Mississippi—a valley
that is comparatively unknown to us—that is
capable of supporting five hundred or one thou-
sand million people, which will yield to our
industry every product, every manufacture,
every form of mineral, will bo able to present
a man who understands the resources of that
vast section of our country, who will represent
its power, who will make known the improve-
ments that may bo made, and the progress of
industry elsewhere.
In regard to the mineral and commercial
regions on the Pacific coast, let me say that it
is of the greatest importance that some man of
science and practical skill should be able to
present to the people of the Old World the
capacities and resources of that part of our
country, and also make known to us in return
what advantages may be derived from this In-
dustrial Exhibition.
In this manner we shall be able to represent
our material wealth.
And more than that, it is in our power to rep-
resent the social and political charactcr of the
country in such a way as to attract the atten-
tion of other nations. The education and the
habits of the people; their habits in relation to
their industrial pursuits; the food upon which
they live; the clothing they wear; the customs
of the society in which they move; everything
pertaining to American civilization will be rep-
resented by us. Wo can show the log cabin
where lived one of the earlier Presidents of the
Union ; thehumbleroof beneath which was born
or dwelt the martyr President, whose name is
known and beloved by the common people of
all nations. We can show the habits of our
people in their industrial pursuits, and also the
advantages which they enjoy in respect to edu-
cation and progress, and thus place before the
world an enlarged view of the condition and
the prospect of American civilization, that has
not yet been presented, and that cannot be
presented in any other way.
And 1 think the expenditure of $100,000 to
represent us in these great aspects, the results
of which will be reported through ten of the
best informed, the most scientific and practi-
cal men of the country, will be a sum very well
bestowed and very profitably expended.
The next section relates to an additional
structure which possildy may become neces-
sary for our accommodation. I have said that
thirty thousand square feet of area in gross
have been assigned to us by the French Gov-
ernment, placing us eighth in the list of na-
tions. Beyond all question that will be insuf-
ficient. Applications have been made already
that will fill the entire space. The State of
Illinois alone has made application for a space
sufficient to take nearly all that assigned to us.
It may be necessary for us to provide an addi-
tional structure. In the Champ do Mars we can
have as much space as we please, and there-
fore it is proposijd, if it shall be requisite, that
the Government of the United States shall ap-
propriate $25,000 for the additional structure,
upon condition that an equal sum shall be con-
tributed by individuals for the same purpose.
It may be found necessary, and it may not. I
l do not think the appropriation is an unrea-
sonable one to request or an unreasonable one
to grant.
The next section contains an appropriation
for contingent expenses in Paris and New York,
Mardh 13,
to be expended as the commissioners may
rect, $5,000; being for rent, advertising, and
incidental expenses already incurred in pursu-
ance of the action of the Secretary of State,
confirmed by the action of tlie two Houses of
Congress, and approved by the President.
The next is a section to which I propose to
offer an amendment when it shall be reached.
It now provides that tjie Secretary of the Navy,
at the request of' the Secretary of State, shall
be authorized to furnish one or more public
vessels to transport the industrial products of
this country to and from France. The senti-
ments of the Secretary of the Navy upon this
subject, as indicated when the subject was up
before, has led me, upon my own responsibility,
to propose a modification. I shall therefore
propose that the President of the United States
shall be requested to furnish one or more pub-
lic vessels for the transportation of the indus-
trial products of this country to France, but
not to return them; because it might be said,
as the Exhibition will continue for six months,
that to keep the vessels there for that time, or
to subject them to another voyage out to bring
the goods to this country would be perhaps an
unreasonable addition to the expense. I there-
fore propose that we provide one or more pub-
lic vessels for the transportation of our conti-
nental industry to the shores of France.
And I take occasion to say that the repre-
sentations which have been made here when
this subject has been up before in regard to the
expense of this transportation have been greatly
exaggerated. Gentlemen have said that the
expense would be two or three hundred thou-
sand dollars; and it has been stated to us that
the Navy Department is responsible for such a
statement. 1 say, Mr. Chairman, that no such
expenditure will be incurred; that neither
§100,000 nor $50,000 nor $20,000 nor $10,000
nor any other considerable sum will be incurred.
The expense will be no more than that which
pertains to the possession of the vessels which
the Government now owns.
. We ask in t'he first place nothing more than
store-ships—sailing vessels—which are now at
the disposal of the Navy Department, which
are not engaged in any public service, and can
be assigned to this duty without the cost of a
dollar to the Government. The use of the ves-
sels with the services of the officers and men
now employed and paid by the Government will
add nothing at all to the expenses of the De-
partment; and I feel authorized to say on behalf
of the committee that we will gratefully accept
the meanest exhibition of the national flag which
the Navy Department chooses to make, for us in
aid of this great national representation of our
industry.
I am told by officers of the Navy Department
that these store-ships, when they are not wanted
for service, are not now even sold; that the
prices which tliey bring are so insignificant that
they are broken up for the sake of the ma-
terial. It is only necessary therefore for ua
to say to the Navy Department, preserve one,
two, three, or four of these vessels, as may
be required ; and this will give us all that we
need for transporting the exhibitions of our
industry to the shores of France. Within the
present month I believe net less than twenty
steamers have been sold in the city of Balti-
more at an average of less than $0,000 each;
more than half of them were sold for less than
$4,000 each. Even if we should ask. the use
of steamers, which we do not, certainly the
Government of the United States has the power
to gratify the people of this country at a very
slight cost and with very little trouble.
The reason for making this request upon the
Navy Department is based upon a fact alike
honorable to the service ana the people of
England. At the Exhibition of 1851 the Sec-
retary of the Navy, without a request of Con-
gress, authority of law, or unjustifiable expense,
gave to the manufacturers, the artisans, the
agriculturists, of this country the use of the
war frigate St. Lawrence to carry to South-
ampton the products of their industiy; and the
arrival of the St. Lawrence at Southampton
