2332
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
holders of the present bonds will not convert
them, but fortunately nearly all our securities
will soon be within our reach by maturity.
And it is the confident belief that this clean
loan on a reduced rate df interest will be so
fair an adjustment between the conflicting in-
terests of the bond-holders and tax-payers
that it will be accepted by both, and thus rep-
resent the consolidated debt of the United
States. All the advantages proposed by the
bill will be more properly considered when it
is reported to the Senate. In the mean time
it is but right to submit it to the impartial test
of the public judgment, for it affects the in-
terest of every one who pays taxes or holds
national securities.
J move that the bill be referred to the Com-
infjSSfee on Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask leave to introduce
at this time, for the purpose of having it printed,
an amendment to the bill (S. No. 292) to pro-
vide_ for restoring to the States lately in insur-
rection their full political rights.
Mr. POMEROY. I ask for the reading of
the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
•was to strike out section one of the bill and to
insert the following in lieu thereof:
That whenever any one of the States lately in in-
surrection shall ratify the above proposed amend-
ment, as required by the Constitution of the Unitod
Statos, and shall conform its constitution and laws
thereto, tho Senators and Representatives from such
State, after the 4th day of Maroh, 1867. if found duly
elected and qualified, shall, upon taking the required
oaths, be admitted into Congress-: Provided, That
Senators and Representatives from Tennessee and
Arkansas, respectively, shall be admitted, if elected
and qualified as aforesaid, when either of said States
shall ratify, as aforesaid, said proposed amendment.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. President, I beg per-
mission to say that this amendment embodies
the views I presented to the committee, and I
introduce it at this time so that it may be
printed and examined before the Senate pro-
ceeds to the consideration of the bill. I invite
attention to the fact that by this amendment
Senators and Representatives from the so-
called confederate States are not allowed to
take their seats in Congress until the 4th day
of March, 1867, with the exception of Tennes-
see and Arkansas, giving the loyal States an
opportunity, if they desire so to do, to make
the proposed constitutional amendment a part
of the Constitution of the United States before
that time. Should the loyal States adopt that
amendment, I have little" doubt that it would
be adopted by enough of the other States to
make it a part of the Constitution before the
4th of March, 1867; but if the loyal States
should refuse to adopt the amendment and say
that they do not want the guarantees and se-
curity for which it provides, then, so far as I
am advised at present, I can see no good rea-
son for refusing any longer to receive repre-
sentation from these insurgent States. Ten-
nessee and Arkansas are made exceptions.
Their Senators and Representatives are to be
received as soon as they ratify this constitu-
tional amendment;-and I believe, from the
condition of their people and tho character of
their constitutions and laws, that they are en-
titled to a precedence over the other States
that have been in rebellion. I believe that this
amendment is better in all respects than the
original section; but if the Senate, after con-
sideration, decides otherwise, I shall cheer-
fully acquiesce in its judgment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
to print will be entered if there be no objection.
_ Mr. DIXON. Mr. President, I ask leave to
give notice of my intention to offer, by way of
amendment to the bill and resolutions reported
by the joint committee on reconstruction, and
as a substitute therefor, the following joint
resolution:
Jleyotved by the Senate and House of Representatives
oi the United States of America in ConoreM eiwernbled.
That the interests of peace and the interests of the
TFnion require the admission of every State to its
share in public legislation whenever it presents it-
self, not only in an attitude of loyalty and harmony,
but in the persons of representatives whose loyalty
cannot be questioned under any constitutional or
legal test.
I ask the consent of the Senate to say a few
words in explanation of my views on the sub-
ject.
What the country expected from Congress
was a practical scheme for hastening the j-ees-
tablishment of all the States in their full con-
stitutional relations. This report produces a
plan which must inevitably put off this end,
so strongly desired and demanded; Does any
one believe that the southern States will ac-
cept the proposed constitutional amendment?
Certainly they will decline. They will say,
"Let us see what the next elections in the
North develop. This Congress may recom-
mend the amendment; the next Congress,
which is to be chosen in the fall of the present
year, and which may meet on the 5th of March,
1867, may be of a different mind. It may re-
peal all that this'Congress has enacted; we had
better wait.''
The "restoration of the States to their prac-
tical relations in the Union," as Mr. Lincoln
happily phrased it, is therefore put off, if this
report is accepted, for at least another year;
and the practical result of tho labors of the
reconstruction committee will be to have made
up a platform on which those who choose to
stand upon it may go before the country at the
fall election. That is all; and in our judg-
ment that is not enough to satisfy the country.
It is hardly worth while to discuss the merits
of measures which to be valid must be accepted
by communities which are sure to reject them ;
but we may remark that it is not probable so
heavily taxed and so poor a people as those of
the southern States will assume the payment of
the enormous and wastefully contracted rebel
debt, and that no party would ever dare to go
before the people of this country with a propo-
sition for the United States to assume thisdebt,
whose certificates are held chiefly by foreign
speculators upon our national ruin. Further,
that it is scarcely probable the people who have
a majority in the South will voluntarily disfran-
chise themselves; and that tho extremes to
which partisan passions have been inflamed in
Tennessee by the disfranchisement ofthegreater
part of the population there, does not encour-
age practical men to look for the fruits of peace
from such a policy enforced elsewhere.
Even the reconstruction committee ac-
knowledge that" it is expedient that the States
lately in insurrection should, at the earliest
day consistent with the future peace and safety
of the Union, be restored to full participation
in all political rights." Now, what have we
already to "secure future peace and safety?"
In the first place, we have the civil rights act,
under which any citizen who is denied justice
by local or State courts is empowered to ap-
peal to the United States court, which is com-
manded, with all its machinery, to interfere in
his behalf, and if necessary, to use the mili-
tary power of the United States to secure him
justice. Surely no citizen need suffer wrong
while this act remains. In the next place,
we have a form of oath, prescribed by Con-
gress, which makes it impossible for any one
who voluntarily engaged in rebellion to enter
Congress or to hold any Federal office without
committing perjury, for which he may and
ought to be indicted and punished. Finally,
we have the Freedmen's Bureau for a whole
year, during which, with a wise and concili-
atory policy, we may hope the labor question
in the South will assume something of its nor-
mal condition.
But let us not forget, on the other hand, the
dangers which attend impracticable measures.
Suppose, going before the people on this plat-
form, built by the congressional committee,
we are beaten. In that event we may be sure
that the next Congress will not only refuse to
make the demands which this one makes, but
it will most probably repeal the civil rights act
and the test oath; and thus our own impru-
dence will have sacrificed the great objects we
have already gained.
The amendment proposed is right enough,
if the reconstruction committee can get aay
southern State to accept it. But unless they
do so, it is of course only a shot in the air,
which may be right and true, but will hit no-
where—unless indeed it falls upon the heads of
the gunners. Is it not far wiser for Congress to
make sure of what it has done; to cry '' Enough
for this time ;" to be content that it has secured
the supremacy of law and justice in all our ter-
ritory ; and to admit at once to their seats all
Representatives and Senators who can take the
prescribed oaths?
One Congress cannot bringaboutthe millen-
nium ; there are years to come in which we
may all join upon a platform of larger liberty,
and argue the questions and urge the reforms
which still remain. For this time we have rea-
son to be content; for we have put down armed
resistance to the laws, and Congress has given
us, in the civil rights act, a guarantee for free
speech in every part of the Union. It is our
own fault if, having thus secured the right to
argue, we do not enlighten prejudice and mere
opposition, and show that equal liberty is the
best for all.
What I have read seems to me so wise and
just, that I have adopted it as the best expres-
sion which I can make of my own views. It is
the leading editorial article in the New York
Evening Post of May 1, a journal which cer-
tainly is not excelled in ability, patriotism, and
influence by any newspaper in this country.
Coming from such a source, I cannot but hope
that these wise, calm, and statesmanlike views
may have some influence even in this body, as
they certainly will have among the intelligent
people of the United States. They express, in
my judgment, the calm and resolute convictions
of thinking men, and will, so soon as public
opinion can legitimately declare itself, take
the form and be clothed with the authority of
public law.
Leave was granted to introduce the joint
resolution (S. R. No. 81) providing for the
representation of the several States in the Con-
gress of tho United States; which was read
twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to make a sin-
gle remark upon the proposition of the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut. He thinks
that tho remarks which he read from the New
York Evening Post are so very wise, so very
just, that he has some hope, to use his own
language, that they may not be without their
effect even upon the members of this body;
thus, I suppose, intending to intimate that the
last place where wise and just views could be
expected to have any effect would be upon the
members of this body. Sir, we have not given
ourselves over to the keeping of the honorable
Senator from Connecticut, or those who act
with him. We do not pretend to any very
particular wisdom or any particular sense of
justice: but we who were on the joint commit-
tee of fifteen, and who are most immediately
touched by the remark, feel that at any rate we
have tried to do our duty. We have been in
session a considerable length of time but not
longer than we deemed it absolutely necessary
in order to reach a conclusion, and in reaching
that conclusion we have been obliged to take
into consideration a great many things : first,
what it would be wise and just to do, and next
what, if it is wise and just, we can do; what
would be acceptable in the first place to Con-
gress, and in the next place what would be
acceptable to the people. Unquestionably in
the committee there was very considerable
difference of opinion. That difference of opin-
ion had to be reconciled. I do not suppose
that the scheme as presented would be exactly
in all particulars what would suit perhaps a
large number; but the question is one be-
yond mere personal opinion, and mere adher-
ence to personal opinion or personal feeling
either; and the committee, after much deliber-
ation, came to the conclusion that its duty was
to agree upon that which seemed to be the best
