1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The second is the property qualification. I
hope it is* not necessary in this clay and this
hour of the Republic to argue anywhere that
a property qualification is not only unjust in
itself, but that it is odious to the people of this
country to a degree which cannot be expressed.
Everywhere, I believe, for half a century, it has
been repudiated by the people. Does anybody
contemplate such a qualification to the exer-
cise of the elective franchise in the case of black
people or white?
And next, reading and writing, or reading,
as a qualification is demanded, and an appeal
is made to the example of Massachusetts. I
wish gentlemen who now appeal to Massachu-
setts would often appeal to her in other mat-
ters where I can more conscientiously approve
her policy. But it is a different proposition in
Massachusetts as a practical measure. When,
ten years ago, this qualification was imposed
upon the people of Massachusetts, it excluded
no person who was then a voter. For two cen-
turies we have had in Massachusetts a system
of public instruction open to the children of the
whole people without money and without price.
Therefore all the people there had had oppor-
tunities for education. Now, why should the
example of such n, State be quoted to justify
refusing suffrage to men who hove been denied
the privilege of education, and whom it has
been a crime to teach? Is there no differ-
ence?
I suppose it will happen, even if you pass
this reading amendment, that between any two
annual elections, any negro twenty-one years
of age in this city, or who maj' come here, will
acquire the ability to read. The requirement
will not exclude many men. My objection is,
not that in this District it will exclude a great
number from the exercise of the elective fran-
chise, but I do object to it as a matter of prin-
ciple. The right to vote is a higher and better
right than can be derived from the simple fact
that a man can read.
I have often elsewhere endeavored to trace
the origin and nature of the right to vote, i
believe that during this discussion tlio views T
entertain have not been stated; and therefore,
with such brevity as I can command, I will ven-
ture to state the opinion I entertain of tlio na-
ture and propel- limitations of the elective fran-
chise And while it may not bo a natural right,
like the right of locomotion, like the right to
breathe, a natural personal right, still I think
I can offer suggestions, deduced from the law of
nature, which will show that it is a natural so-
cial right. I accept as the basis of what I have
to say, the great law of nature supported by
revelation, the existence of the family, from i
which no people, savage or civilized, lias e\er \
escaped. The family exists by divine authority. ■
It is the first law of society, of the community:
it is the element of all States, and it has gen-
erally one idea, one opinion, and one will upon
all questions affecting the fortunes of the family
or of any of its members.
Thus the creation of man, and his doings
after his creation, illustrate most conclusively
two facts—the existence of the family and the
unity of the will of the family. When we ad-
mit that the family is the element of the State, \
the unit of society, that it has but one will,
what follows? That whenever more than one \
family is in existence, and the question arises
what shall be done with refcrcnce to the com- ;
munity of families, then the families are to bo
consulted. Hence arises the doctrine that there !
can be 110 just government except by the con-
sent of the governed.
What I maintain next is that you have no
right to exclude from this consultation any one
of the families, for the moment you do so you
violate the principle of the Government. Con-
sequently but one voice is needed for the ex-
pression of the one will of the family; and
the question then arises, whose voice shall it '
be? Properly, the voice of that one who, if;
the Government constituted by his agency and :
authority be assailed, is to peril his life in its !
defense. Thus is demonstrated the priority of ,
right, by nature which gives to the man the ex- .
pression of the voice of the family rather than
to the woman or the child.
Next, Mr. Speaker, is it not seen that, if these
propositions be true, the right to vote exists
independently of all human agency in the sense
of law; and the doctrine that the right of voting
is a conventional right, is not sustained by rea-
son or history. History shows only this, that
the limitations upon the exercise of the right of
voting are the results of conventions. The nat-
ural social right is the right of the family to
speak in all matters which concern the welfare
of the family as one family in the great society
ai?d family of man.
This demonstrates, I think, that the negro
has everywhere the same right to vote as the
white man. And I maintain still further, that
when you proceed one step from this line you
admit that your Government is a failure. What
is the essential qualify of monarchical and aris-
tocratic government? Simply that by conven-
tionalities, by arrangements of conventions,
some persons have been deprived of the right
of voting. We have attempted to set up and
maintain a Government upon the doctrine of
the equality of man, the universal right of all
men to participate in* the Government. In ac-
cordance with that theory wo must accept the
ballot upon the principle of equality. It is en-
joyed by the learned and the unlearned, the wise
and the ignorant, the virtuous and the vicious.
The great experiment is going on. If, be-
fore the war, any man in this country was dis-
posed to undervalue a Government thus con-
ducted, he should have learned by this time
the wisdom and the strength of a Government
which embraces and embodies the judgment
and the will of the whole people. If the ne-
groes of the South, four million strong, had
been endowed with t4ie elective franchise, and
had united with the v. ti!i.e people of that region
in the work of rebellion, your armies would
have been powerless to subdue that rebellion,
and you would to-day have seen your territory
limited by the Potomac and the Ohio.
And if, ill the North, suftrage bad been lim-
ited, as it, is in Great ISrilain. jou could not
have commanded two million six hundred thou-
sand volunteers for the deiense of the Kepub-
lie. The unity of sentiment in the loyal States-
was due to the fact that every man felt that ihe
Government was his own. This only illustrates
how strong a Government is when it is founded
upon the judgment anil the will of the whole
people, and how weak it is when founded'upon
the judgment and the will of a part.
1 advance still further. I have said that 1
consider this question as involving other issues
than Ihe mole nialter of sufl'iage in Ihe Pistiict
of Columbia. 1 do not conceal my opinion from
friend ot opponent. 1 am of those who believe
that an v rest oral ion of either of the eleven States
lately engaged in the rebellion to political power
in the Gov eminent of this country, which is not
coupled with or preceded by the condition that,
the negroes of the South are to vote, opens a
way to the destruction of this Government from-
whieli there is 110 escape. I declare, after the
gravest deliberation and the calmest reflection,
and I say it with sorrow, lookingupon the coun-
try, rent by opposite opinions 011 this question,
that, without such a measure as I suggest tor
the southern States, this Government cannot
outlast those who are now in the vigor ot'man-
hood. Why and how will it fail?
it will fail and fall from the fact that by res-
toration without this all-essential guarantee we
put into the hands of our enemies in the South
two weapons, the blows of which we shall be
powerless to parry. One is the assumption by
the Government of a vast and overwhelming
weight of indebtedness, to bo followed by a for-
eign war. We see to-day how difficult it is to
restrain and control the people of this country
in their desire to take just vengeance for the
wrongs inflicted upon them by England and
France. Suppose the power of tliis_ Govern-
ment was intrusted to the hands of the late
slaveholders, the men recently engaged in re-
bellion.. Does any man believe that they arc
restored to their right mind, that they will give
an ardent support to the Government? All the
testimony is that they are as alien and hostile
to this Government lis ever, and that they only
seek an opportunity to strike a deadly blow.
What opportunity do yon give them? They
are marshaling to-day in Virginia, in South Caro-
lina, in Louisiana, their claims upon this Gov-
ernment. They will demand $2,000,000,000 for
slaves, untold hundreds of millions* of -dollars
for depredations committed by our armies," An
aggregate of thousands of millions of claims,
or demands having the color of claims, will be
marshaled against the Government; and yon
invite sixty Representatives, united, bound to-
gether by the ties of interest and of ancient and
unrelenting hostility, to enforce these claims".
This Congress, no doubt, is incorruptible; but
when there are claims against the Government
to the amount of §3,000,000,000, with the sup-
port that such representatives may afford, twen-
ty-two in the Senate and sixty in this House,
with all the influence of this immense demand
against the Government, do you expect to re-
sist them? Do you expect to meet them with
a paper blockade, constitutional amendments?
If that is your expectation, your expectation
will not, be realized; and when they have in-
volved the country in an indebtedness of four,
five, or six thousand million dollars, when they
have broken your credit so that in the markets
of the world your paper will sell for fifty cents
011 the dollar, and, taking advantage of the just
and natural hostility of the people against Euro-
pean aggression, they involve you in a foreign
war, wfiat have they to do but to march out of
the Union and bid you defiance?
Mr. SMITH. I ask the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts whether the loyal man of Louisiana,
or of any State of the South who has never been
in the rebellion, who has resisted it from the be-
ginning and done all he could against it, is not
entitled to damages as any man from Massachu-
setts or any other loyal State of the Govern-
ment ?
Mr. TiOFTWELL. T do not reply to that
question, bfcause it is not pertinent to the de-
bate I am now engaged in. 1 only ask the House
to notice how pregnant is the suggestion itself
of argument in support of the view I am pre-
senting of the dangers of restoration with the
elective franchise in the hands of our enemies
exclusively.
Mr. SMITH. I do not know that it is perti-
nent to the result tlio gentleman proposes to
come to, but it is to the position he has assumed
and the argument he has piesented.
Mr. BOUTWFLL. Secondly, you leave the
rebels in possession of a power which they will
surely avail themselves of when they again un-
dertake the destruction ofthe Government—the
opportunity to bestow the elective franchise upon
the negroes. If you fail to secure the black man
in his rights, be will become in a degree alien and
hostile to I he national Government. In this con-
dition he will be ready to accept the right of suf-
frage from the southern 1 eaders, and transfer his
allegiance, sympathy, and support from you to
them. Will you leave such a weapon in the
power of your enemies, when, by a timely act of
just ice, you can secure the zealous and unwaver-
ing support ofthe black race in every generation?
Throughout this cf,litest the blacks have exhib-
ited tliepurest pat riot ism and Ihe highest wisdom.
Can any man name an act done by them that has
been injurious to them as a race or prejudicial
to the country? Or can any one suggest an
omission that has been prejudieialto them or to
the country ? So will they exhibit wisdom here-
after. If we fail in our fluty, we have no right
to expect their support in the future.
It is not unreasonable lo expect that in twelve
or twenty-four months several ofthe States re-
cently in rebellion will confer the elective fran-
chise upon their negroes. In Louisiana, one
eighth of the voting white population, I under-
stand. are in favor of that measure. We know
that this force must be augmented by acces-
sions of loyal men, and for this reason—every
Union man in the South who wants protection
for lite, for property, and for his own political
rights; is compelled try necessity to ally himself
