1880.
THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1373
is announced in the English histories of the
Exhibition nt IS-ll as ono of the most notable
and grai ifyivig incidents of that grand industrial
exposition. The officers and in en of that frigate
were honored with an oration at Southampton ;
and wherever they appeared within the realm
of England they were recognized as the repre-
sentatives of the flag of oar country, the bearers
of the contributions of American industry.
Now, sir, if that was the ease m 1851. as-
suredly the flag of the United States will be
welcomed in the grander Exhibition of 1807.
We ask in this case only that the Government
shall lend us the flag of our country to cover
the industrial representations of all classes of
its people from every part of its territory.
There is in the resolution a provision which
authorized the commissioner at New \ork to
chaige the exhibitors one half of the current
rare of freight to France, the proceeds of which
were intended to be applied to the reduction of
the general expenses of this exhibition on the
part of our Government as provided for by
the first resolution appropriating the sum of
$100,000. It was that provision which led me
to say in reply to a question of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Wakhhuuxe,J when the
subject was before the House some weeks
since, that the expense would not in any event
exceed $100,000, and probably would not ex-
ceed S-30,000. But, upon reflection, I felt that
it was not altogether an elevated proceeding
for the Government of the United States, in
the use of the vessels owned and paid for by
the people, to charge half-price freight upon
the articles to be exhibited in Paris next year
lor the purpose of illustrating the progress
and greatness of our country, especially for the
benefit of the Government and the people.
And therefore I propose on my own respon-
sibility to strike out that section, which stands
as the third section in the printed resolution,
leaving it as it stands fn the second section,
modifying it, however, so far as to call upon
^tlie I1! cedent instead of the Secretary of the
Navy i.o furnish the vessels.
And 1 do this, sir, for another reason which
did not occur to me in its full strength at the
time the committee reported this resolution.
The products which we send to Paris will be
to a great extent sold in that country. The
American minister at Paris has expressed the
opinion that nine tenths of tho articles we send
to thai country will he sold there. They ought
all to be sold." 1 think, therefore, there will be
no necessity for specially providing for their
return. I do not think there is any great gen-
erosity in charging them fifty per cent, for their
transportation to France. For these reasons
I shall submit the several amendments which
I have indicated.
Mr. Chairman and gentlemen of the commit-
tee, allow me, and J do not know but I am
trespassing too much on their attention 
Several Members. Go on ; we want to hear
you.
Mr. BANKS. Will gentlemen allow me to
call attention to the results of previous un-
authorized exhibitions of the world's industry
in London, Paris, and Hamburg? Carefully as
we study the history of this country, and espe-
cially of its industry, we know very little of its
resent power and nothing at all of its future.
Vc did not know in 1851 when we sent to Lon-
don unknown men. not unknown men merely
in England but unknown men in America, who
would electrify as well as instruct the people of
the world, who were most inteiested in the
prominent and industrial pursuits, ft hen Mr.
McCorniick took his reaper there it was hardly
recognized as a successful implement of agri-
culture here. It was only when Urn premium
was awarded to it that general attention in this
country was called to its great merits and won-
derful success, ft hen George Steers sent out
the yacht America it attracted little attention.
The" London Times announced, after a carelul
examination of its model, that it was of a novel
and nor very promising style of architecture,
of which we had no great reason to be proud;
but when it entered the contest against thesail-
$
ing vessels of the whole world, it so far won in
that contest as to leave no flag second; and then
every American heart bounded with joy, and a
new light broke upon the minds of the people
of all nations.
There were other like honorable examples.
There went out an unknown obscure mechanic
from the city of New York, a native, I believe,
of Massachusetts. The English locksmiths had
challenged the whole world for twenty years to
open that most important as well as most in-
genious invention of mechanism, the Bramah
lock. A prize of two hundred guineas was
offered to whoever eould open it, and it had
been tried by everybody, and no one had made
an impression upon it. Mr. Hobbcs, the Amer-
ican mechanic, gave it his attention. It wfvs
carefully guarded so that there could be no
possible advantage taken by him, and then, to
the astonishment of all the English mechanics,
after a few hours' experiments, he unlocked,
locked it again, and repeated the operation,
without injury, as often as they pleased.
Sir, I need not refer to the most brilliant
success of other American mechanics. Every
one will agree with me in stating, so far as the
Government was then represented in the Exhi-
bition of 1851, it was hot only a failure, but a
disgraceful failure, and that it was only the
marvelous and unexpected skill and power of
our own citizens, our own unknown mechanics,
that saved the United States from utter dis-
grace.
In 18G2 tho Exhibition was repeated in Lon-
don on a grander scale. We were then engaged
in a terrible war, and could not afford to ex-
pend money on ati}' extraneous object. We
allowed, however, ninety-five American citi-
zens to go there at their own risk and cost to
exhibit the industry of the United States.
Eighty-three of those ninety-live American
exhibitors received prizes in almost every
branch of the pursuits of industry.
Tho London Times, in speaking of that Exhi-
bition, said that after the mechanical depart-
ment the United States department was the
point of general attraction for the people of all
nations. There was no representation of the
Government there, no full representation of the
industry, skill, genius, power, and wealth of
our people ; only a few unauthorized citizens
bad gone there at their own expense, and they
alone. according to the London Times, consti-
tuted the second point of attraction to the people
of all nations. And foremost among these, ac-
cording to the representation of all the English
journals, the great middle classes-were the most
constant and interested in their attendance upon
the American department.
In the Exposition of 18G3, at Hamburg, tho
Government was not represented, but some of
our enterprising citizens were there; among
others, a single representative from the State
of Vermont went there of his own accord,
without the slightest expectation of achieving
any distinction for himself. He took with him,
to represent one of the great staple interests of
this country, twelve sheep. I do not suppose
there is a man in this House, or that there was
at that time a man in the United States, that
would believe for a single moment that the
American States were equal in sheep culture to
those nations where it has been studied for two
or three hundred years. In the Exposition at
Hamburg, thirty-five different nations were rep-
resented. '1 he crowned heads ofEuropehadtheir
own finest specimens of the sheep culture of Eu-
rope and Asia there ; the Emperor of the French
was represented himself by his own choice
specimens of stock. And this Vermont sheep
raiser, Mr. Campbell—I ou^ht to mention his
name—who carried out at his own cost twelve
sheep, was honored with an examination and
received two first prizes, and a second prize,
for the superiority of liis stock. The award
was not made by friends of this Government,
not by men interested in our people, but by
strangers ; and when it was announced that an
American had received two first prizes for the
superiority of his stock, and the second prize
i also, everybody rejected it as fabulous, and
when it was verified by the sucbsequent pnfcli'-
cation of the awards they disputed the integ-
rity of the award; but Mr. Campbell, the Ver-
mont man, challenged a second examination.,
which was not accepted.
I need not go further in the discussion of
this matter, to show what we have done in the
past. Let me say a word as to what we may
do in the future.
Mr. Chairman, of the ten grotips into which
the imperial commission has classified the in-
dustry of the world, the United States, if it shall
be properly represented, will be at least the
equal it not the superior of other nations in six
or seven. I need hardly recount them. In
works of art, although wo have a reputation
not yet in the blossom, I am sure we shall stand
in some respects the equals of the modern
representatives of older nations. The illustra-
tions of the grand features of American scen-
ery by Church, Bierstadt, and others, and the
marbles of Powers, Story, and Hosmer, and
other sculptors yet unknown, and who will
never be known except they shall have oppor-
tunity to compare their achievements with the
art products of other countries, cannot fail to
attract at least respectful attention.
In the great democratic exemplification of
the art of wood engraving, the United States
not only stands first, hut, it has achieved dis-
tinction by new processes wholly unknown to
artists of the same profession in other parts of
the world.
In materials and applications for the liberal
arts, we cannot say much, because we do not
know much. We have no knowledge of what
this continent will produce in the way of tho
materials and applications of the liberal arts;
but we need not. be surprised if in this group,
of the nature of which we know nothing at ail,
we stand as well as other nations.
In the fifth group of minerals, and the raw
and wrought products of mining, certainly wa
may say that no part of the world is equal in
its mineral wealth to the UnitedStates. The
mines of Russia are far less important aa
sources of national wealth. While the mines
of Russia are chiefly on the eastern slope of the
Ural mountains, from three to five thousand
miles from St. Petersburg, whose rivers run
gently to the Arctic sea from the centers of
population, costingin transportation the greater
part of the value of the products, cur exhaust-
less wealth lies on the lines of population, where
our population is moving and our railroads are
constructed or being constructed, so that we
may say that our wealth in respect to California
is the same to us, or will be, as if it lay at tho
threshold of the Mint at Philadelphia or tha
marts of Now York.
I need not refer to our capacity in mechan-
ical invention or other classes of industry in
which we shall maintain a respectable if not
superior position. But I want to allude briefly
to ono point of national interest whore we will
be expected to show oar power, and where wa
shall have an influence upon domestic as well
as foreign affairs by a full exemplification of
what we can do.
We have passed through a war of great trials
and great success. Tho attention of the world
has been called to it. There will be nothing
which the people of other countries will so
desire to see and to comprehend as the ma-
teriel and organization of the American Army.
The quartermaster's department proposes to
send a baggage wagon, manufactured at Phila-
delphia, that followed McClellan through his
Potomac campaign, liosecrans in Tennessee,
and Sherman in his great march from the mount-
ains to the sea, and then again to Richmond
and the surrender of Lee. A wagon with such
a history cannot fail to attract the attention of
all people. A pair of worn-out shoes, the dress
of an American soldier, the shelter tent under
which he slept, his bayonet, his musket, his
knapsack, his caf>, his rations, anything that
belonged to him will attract more attention and
draw greater crowds of people and hold them
longer and closer than will the crown jewels of
England.
