1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3293
The Comifiittee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by striking out "forty-eight"
and inserting *4fifty."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That re-
quires no vote.
The next amendment was to insert the word
"only" before " one;" so as to make the last
proviso read:
Provided further. That draymen and teamsters own-
ing only one dray or toain shall not be required to
pay such tax. .
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item was read, as follows:
39. Grinders of coffcc or spices shall pay $100. Any
person who manufactures or prepares for use and
sale, by grinding or other process, coffee,-spices, or
mustard, or adulterated coffee* spiccs, or mustard,
or any article or compound intended for use in the
adulteration of or as substitutes for coffee, spices, or
mustard, shall be regarded as a grinder of coffee or
spices under this act: Provided, That any person
•who shall roast coffee for use or sale shall be required
to pay the special tax herein imposed upon grinders
of coffee or spiccs.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The number
of this item will be changed from " forty-nine"
to "fifty-one."
The Secretary read the next clause of the
ninth section of the bill, as follows:
That section eighty be amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that the .special tax .shall not
he imposed upon apothecaries, confectioners, butch-
ers, keepers of eating-houses, hotels, inns, or tav-
erns, tobacconists, or retail denies, except retail
dealers in spirituous and malt liquor^, when their
annual gross receipts shall not exceed the Mini of
$1,000, anything in this act to the contrary notwith-
standing; the amount of such annual receipt" to bo
ascertained or estimated in such manner as the Com-
missioner of Internal Itcvcuue shall prescribe, and
so of all other annual .sales or receipt:- where, the tax
is graduated by the amount of •-'ales or receipt--: and
where the amount of the tax has been increased by law
above the amount paid by any pcifon, firm, or com-
pany, or has been understated or underestimated,
such person, firm, or company shall be arcain asse.—cd,
and pay the amount of Mich increase: Provided, That
"when any poison, before the passage of thi;- act, h.i>
been assessed for a licence, the amount thus a^o^s^d
being equal to the tax herein imposed fm the busi-
ness covered by such license, no special tax ■shall he
assessed until the expiration of the period for which
such license was assessed.
The committee proposed to amend this
clause by striking out the words "and so," in
line sixteen hundred and seventy-nine, and
inserting "as well as the amount of" before
"all other annual sales or receipts."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section cighty-onebo amended by striking out
all after the enacting fclause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that nothing contained m
the preceding sections of this act shall be construed
to impose an additional tax upon any person as a
dealer for the sale of good", wares, and merchandise,
made or produced and sold by the manufacturer or
producer at the manufactory or place wheretho -same
is made or produced, and at the principal office or
place of business; Provided, That no goods, wares,
or merchandise shall be kept for sale at such office;
nor upon vintners who sell wine of their own growth
at the placewherctliesamcis made; norupon apoth-
ecaries as to wines or spirituous liquoi.s which they
uso exclusively in the preparation or making up of
medicines; nor shall physicians bo taxed for keeping
on hand medicmcs solely for the purpose of making
up their own prescript ions for their own patients; nor
shall farmers be taxed as manufactuiers or producers
for making butter or cheese, with milk from their own
cows, or for any other farm products: Provided, Thsrt
the payment of anytaxin this act levied or provided
shall not be held or construed to exempt any person
carrying on any trade, business, or profession, herein
specified, from any penalty or punishment provided
by the laws of any State for carrying on such trade,
business, or profession within such State, or in any
manner to authorize the commencement oi continu-
ance of such trade, business, or profe-^ion contrary
to the laws of such State, or in places prohibited by
municipal law; nor shall tho payment of any tax
herein provided be held or construed to prohibit or
prevent any State from placing a duty or tax for State
or other purposes on any trade, business, or profes-
sion taxed by this act.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out after the
word "impose," in line sixteen hundred and
ninety-four, these words:
An additional tax upon any person as a dealer for
tho sale of goods, wares, and merchandise, made or
produced and sold by the manufacturer or producer
at the manufactory or place where the same is made
or produced, and at the principal officc or place of
business: Provided, That no goods, wares, or mer-
chandise shall be kept for sale at such office; nor.
And in lieu thereof to insert the words "a
special tax;" so as to make the clause read:
That nothing contained in tho preceding sections
of this act shall bo construed to impose a special tax
upon vintners, &o.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to inquire
of the committee whether it is their intention,
in addition to the tax assessed upon manufac-
turers of live or six per cent., as the case may
be, to oblige them to pay taxes on the sales of
their products, as the striking out of this clause
would seem to imply.
Mr. FESSKNDEN. This is provided for on
page 51, and that is the reason it is struck out
here. We do not want to provide twice for the
same thing.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I should like to_under-
stand from the chairman of the committee if
it is the intention of the committee, in addition
to the percentage of five per cent, that the
manufacturer pays on his products, he shall
also pay a tax upon his sales.
Mr. VESSEXDEN. 'There is no change
made in the act of last year on that subject.
Mr. SIMiAGUE. Then it is not intended
to tax sales; there is no intention of that kind?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Theie i*> nothing of
that kind in tho act.
Mr. SPRAGUE. There was by some mem-
bers of the House of Representatives a fear
that the provisions of the bill were not clear
enough to settle that point.
Mr. FESSE>H)E\T. It is precisely as it was
last year ; no change.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
ninth section of the bill, as follows:
That sect ion oi«hty- dx bo amended by striking out
all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that any person, fiim, com-
panv, oi coiporation manufacturing or producing
goods, ware*, and merchandise, soldor removed for
consumption or use, upon which duties or taxes are
imposed by law, shall, in their return of tho value
and quantity, render an account of tho full amount
of actual sales made by the manufacturer, producer,
or agent thereof, and shall stato whether any pai t,
and if so, what p.tit, of paid goods, wares, and mer-
chandise has been consumed or used by the owner,
owners, or agent, or used for tho production of an-
other manufacture or product, together with the
market value of tho same at the timo of such uso or
consumption; whether such goods, wares, and mer-
chandise weie shipped for a loreign port or consigned
to auction or commission merchants, other than
agents, for sale; and shall make a return according
to the value at the place ofshipment, when shipped
for a foreign port, or according to tho value at the
place of manufacture or production, when removed
for use or consumption, or consigned to others than
agents of the manufacturer or producer. Tho value
and quantity of tho goods, wares, and merchandise
required to lie stated as aforesaid sha.ll be estimated
by the actual sales made by the manufacturer or by
his agent. And where such goods, waics. and mer-
chandise have been removed for consumption or for
delivery to others, or placed on shipboard, or are no
longer within the custody or control ol tho manufac-
turer or his agent, not beinc? in his factory, store, or
warehouse, the value shall bo estimated at the aver-
age of the market value of the Iikegoods, wares, and
merchandise at the timo when the same became lia-
ble to tax.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out "duties or"
before "taxes," in line seventeen hundred and
twenty-seven.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
ninth section of the bill, as follows:
That section eighty-seven be amended by striking
out all afterthe enacting clause and inserting in heu
thereof the following: that any person, ihm, com-
pany, or corporation who shall now bo engaged in
the manufacture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or who
shall hereafter commence or engage in such manu-
facture before commeneinor, or if a Iready commenced,
before continuing such manufacture for which they
may be liable to be assessed under the provisions ol
law, shall, in addition to a compliance with all other
provisions of law, furnish to the a^e^sor or assistant
assessor a statement, subscribed under oath or affir-
mation, accurately setting forth The place, and if in
a city, the street and number of the street where the
manufacturing is, or is to he, carried on, the name
and description of the manufactured article, and if
the same shall be manufactured for or to be sold and
delivered to any other person or party, the name and
residence and business or occupation of the person or
party for whom the said article is to be manufac tiued
or to whom it is to be delivered, and generally tho
kind and quality manufactured, or proposed to be
manufactured; and shall give a bond to the United
States, with one or more sureties to be approved by th e
collector of the district, in the sum of S3,000 for each
cutting-machine kept for use, in the sum of 81,000 for
each screw-press kept for use in making plugor pressed
tobacco, in the sum of $^0(X> for each hydraulic press
kept for use, in the sum of §1,000 for each snuff-mull
kept for use, and in the sum of $100 for each person
employed by said person, firm, company, or corpora-
tion in making cigars, conditioned that he will comply
with all tho requirements of Jaw in regard to the man-
ufacture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars; that ho will not
employ others to manufacture cigars who have not
obtained tho requisite permit for making cigars; that
ho will not engage in auy attempt, by himself or by
collusion with others, to defraud tho Government of
any duty or tax on any manufacture of tobacco, snuff,
or cigars; that he will render truly and correctly all
the returns, statements, and inventories prescribed
for manufacturers of tobacco, snuff, and cigars; that
whenever ho shall add to the number of cutting-ma-
chines, presses, snulf-mul Is, or cigar-makers, used
or employed by him, ho will immediately give notice
thereof to the collector who holds the bond that he
will pay to the collector of tho district all the duty
or taxes which may or should be assessed and due on
any tobacco, snuff, or cigars so manufactured, and
that ho will not knowingly soli, purchase, or receive
for sale any such tobacco, snuff, or cigars which have
not been inspected, branded, or stamped as required
bv law, or upon which tho tax has not boon paid if
it has accrued or becomes payable. And the said bond
maybe renewed or changed from timo to time, in
legardto the sureties thereof, according to the dis-
cretion of the collector, under tho instiuetioiisof tho
Conimissionerof Internal Revenue. And every per-
son, firm, company, or corporation aforesaid shall
exhibit, whenever demanded by any ofheer of inter-
nal revenue, a certificate from tho collector, who is
hereby authorized and directed to issue the same,
setting forth tho kind and number of machines,
presses, snuff-mulls, and number of cigar-makers for
which tho bond has been given. And any person,
firm, or corporation manufacturing tobacco, snuff,
or cigars of any description without first furnishing
the bond in the cases herein required, shall bo sub-
ject to a lino of and in addition thereto, upon
conviction thereof, shall bo liable to imprisonment
for a term not exceeding one year, at tho discretion
of the couit.
The committee proposed to amend this clause
by striking out, in line seventeen hundred and
fifty-seven, the word "shall" and inserting
"may."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words "duty or" before "tax," in lines sev-
enteen hundred and eighty-nine and seventeen
hundred and ninety-seven.
The amendment was agreed lo.
Tho Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
That section eighty-eight bo amended by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in
heu thereof the following: that it shall be the duty
of the assistant assessor of each distiict to keep a
record, in a book or books to bo provided for the pur-
pose, to be. open to the inspection of any person upon
reasonable lequost, of the name of any and every
pen-on, firm, company, or corporation who may be
engaged in the manufacture of tobacco, snuff, or
cigars in his district, together with the place where
such manufacture is carried on and place of residcnco
of the person or persons engaged therein; and the
assistant assessor shall enter in said record, under
tho name of each manufacturer, an abstract of his
monthly returns; and each asscssorshall keep asimi-
lar record for the entire district.
The Committee on Finance proposed no
amendment to this clause.
The Secretary read the ncxtclause, as follows:
That section eighty-nine bo amended by striking
out all after tho enacting clauso and inserting in
lieu thereof the following: that in uU cases where
tobacco, snuff, or cigars, of any description, are man-
ufactured, in whole or in part, upon commission or
shaies or when; tho material fiom which any such
articles are made, or aro to be, made, is furnished by
one party and manufactured by another, or where
tho matei ial i« furnished or sold by one party with
an understanding or contract with another that tho
manufactured article is to be received in payment
therefor or any part thereof, the duty or tax imposed
by law th ei eon, when paid by the manufacturer, may
be collected at the time, or at anytime subsequently,
of the party for whom the same wa-s made or to whom
tho same undelivered, as aforesaid, oi of the person
or party who made the same as the assessor shnll
deem best for the collection of the levenuc. And in
ca^e of fraud on the part of cither of said parties in
lc-pccl to said manufacture, or of any eollu.-.ion on
their part with intent to defraud the revenue, such
matei ial and manufactured articles shall_ be liable
to forfeiture; and such articles shall bo liable to bo
asse^od the highest rates of tax or duty imposed by
law upon any article belonging to its grade or class.
The Committee 011 Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out ''duty or"
before "tax.'' in line eighteen hundred and
forty-live, and by striking out "or duty" after
"tax," in lino eighteen hundred and iii'ly-six,
and by striking out "of," in line eighteen hun-
dred and forty-nine and inserting "upon."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These ver-
bal amendments will be legarded as agreed to
without a formal vote.
