1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2S33
scheme witli regard to reconstruction upon
which they could come to a unanimous or
nearly unanimous agreement.
The proposition made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Oregon this morning would indicate,
for instance, that he is not exactly satisfied
with the result to which the committee came.
I really, with all respect to my friend from
Oregon, beg leave to say that when a commit-
tee after great deliberation has come to a con-
clusion upon a subject which has been assented
to and reported, at any rate the members of
the committee should abstain from pressing
individual views in advance of the general
action of the body to which the report has
been made, because it has a tendency to
weaken the effect of the report itself.
I accede to what has been said by the honor-
able Senator from Connecticut with regard to
the eminent standing of the press from which he
has read; but, eminent as it is, I think it is not
immodest on the part of the committee of fifteen,
selected with very considerable care, and, with
one exception, perhaps, composed of gentle-
men eminently fitted for the position which was
assigned to them, to suppose that after months
of deliberation, after great study and reflec-
tion, after careful examination of the evidence
before them, not only as to what was wise to
do, but as to what could be done, the united
opinions of a very large majority of them might
be supposed to come about as near the right
as the opinion of an individual who may hap-
pen to write in the columns of a newspaper. I
acknowledge, as a general rule, that the editor
of a newspaper knows by intuition far more of
the state of the country and what is wise to
be done, no matter what his age, or what his
position, than Congress can possibly know; but
I think, at any rate, a little faith should be given
to a committee of Congress, so large as this com-
mittee, and to Congress itself, devoting itself
carefully to the study of the great questions on
which it proposes to act. I cannot agree with
my honorable friend from Connecticut, that
because the opinions which he read happen to
appear in a press of character they are there-
fore so conclusive as at once to overturn all
the conclusions to which, after much delibera-
tion, the committee have arrived. At any rate
I shall beg leave to ask, when the proper time
comes, for the careful consideration of the
Senate of all these important questions; and
having no pride of opinion on the subject, if
Congress shall come to the conclusion that the
scheme which has been presented needs amend-
ment and alteration, I shall submit with per-
fect willingness and perfect contentment, in
the hope that something wise'r and better will
be reached; but until we come to the discus-
sion I am unwilling to admit, even upon the
authority of the New York Evening Post, that
what we have done cannot be acceptable to the
people of the United States.
Mr. DIXON. I suppose the Senator from
Maine did not intend, in his opening remarks,
to question my right to offer the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all; I only sug-
gested to the Senator that when he stated that
the wisdom of those remarks of the Post might,
he hoped, have some effect even upon this body,
it was rather an intimation that this body could
not be expected to act wisely and justly.
Mr. DIXON. The word "even,1' as used
by me, may have, I think, a different meaning
from what the Senator supposes. My meaning
was that those remarks ought to have influence,
even upon so distinguished and so wise a body
as this; but I will consent to strike out the
word "even," if it is offensive to the Senator.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Not at all.
Mr. DIXON. I meant to say, and I now
repeat, that even in such a body as the Senate
of the United States, words of wisdom like
these might have their effect. I certainly
would be the last person to reflect on the Sen-
ate, or to reflect on the committee, but I sup-
pose I have a right to say that I do not think
the report of the committee contains all the
wisdom which even may exist in the Senate or
in the committee itself.
Now, Mr. President, I beg leave to say a
word with regard to that report and the meas-
ure which the committee have proposed. But
for great respect for the members of that
committee and its chairman, and were I not
forbidden by my knowledge that they are inca-
pable of such a thing, from the bare reading
of their reported propositions I should sup-
pose that, as this writer intimates, whose lan-
guage I have adopted, the object of the report
was to present a scheme which could not be
accepted. I am forbidden to entertain such
an opinion by my great respect for the com-
mittee. I know they are incapable of anything
of that sort, and I therefore am obliged to sup-
pose that they thought this might be accepted,
that it might possibly, under some supposable
circumstances, calm the agitation which is pre-
vailing on this subject, and result in the read-
mission of members from the late rebel States.
That, no doubt, was their intention; but I beg
leave to say that it seems to me that it is
utterly impossible that that should ever be the
effect of it. For example, allow me to partic-
ularize. After the States have accepted these
terms, after they are represented in this body
and in the House of Representatives for a
period of nearly four years, if they accept the
proposition next fall, they are to be denied the
right of voting for their own Representatives
in Congress; for we are told every day, and I
believe it is to a certain extent true in some
States, that the whole mass of the people par-
ticipated in the rebellion, or at least, in the
language of the report, "adhered" to it. The
language of the report does not exclude merely
those who were original conspirators, but all
who may finally have adhered to the rebellion.
Now, consider that proposition for a moment.
These States are to be represented in the other
House and in this body after having accepted
these terms, and still their representatives are
to be chosen without the votes of the people.
I would ask, who is to vote? The colored men
cannot vote. Take South Carolina or Missis-
sippi or Georgia. Who is to choose Repre-
sentatives in those States? I will not say it
is a mockery, because my respect for the com-
mittee forbids; bat I must say that it does
seem to me that no man can expect that any
. of these States will ever accept the terms pro-
posed. I agree with the Evening Post on that
point. I will say further that I am not sure,
if they would accept it, they ever ought to be
permitted to vote at all.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator a question. I have the impression that
President Johnson has said, over and over
again, that the government of these States
ought to be exercised by the loyal portion,
those who had been loyal to the Union.
Mr. DIXON. In the first place, I beg leave
to say to the Senator from Maine that it makes
no difference to me, in forming my opinions,
what the President or any other man says. If
the President had said so, it would not be of
binding authority on me, unless my judgment
approved it. In the next place, 1 say that I
agree with the sentiment, not because the Pres-
ident said it, but because I believe it is a true
and correct sentiment. But that is not what
the report says. The report of the committee
does not say that only loyal men can vote. I
know the President says that; everybody says
it who thinks as I do; but the question is,
what is a loyal man?
Mx\ FESSENDEN. Did he not say those
who had been loyal, those who had not par-
ticipated in the rebellion, should be those
intrusted with the Government? Was not that
his recommendation in regard to Tennessee?
Mr. DIXON. When these States are again
regarded as members of the Union, if they
accept the terms of readmission proposed to
them, all loyal men at the time ought to he
permitted to vote. I will not say that the
exception made in one clause of the report is
not correct, that certain leaders be disfran-
chised; but I say that to disfranchise a whole
people, to tell them that they may send mem-
bers to Congress and still shall not vote for
them — for that is the result of it—to say,
You may be represented, but you shall not
vote," seems a mockery. Underitthere might
hardly be twenty votei'S, possibly, in a State.
Mr. President, why did I read the article
from the New York Evening Post? Not as an.
authority. It struck me that the views were so
correct and so sound that I desired to adopt
them as my own, and I was very certain thai
the source from which those ideas came would
have great weight with*the loyal people of this
country, and properly so; that that paper had
a character for loyalty and for patriotism and
for ability and for honesty and integrity which
gave it weight; that what came from the dis-
tinguished and venerable editor of that paper
was entitled to weight, even in the Senate of
the United States, and therefore I read the
article and adopted its language.
I have only one word more to say. I am
extremely desirous—no man can be more desir-
ous than I am—to unite upon some plan which
shall pacify the country, and which shall restore
and reconstruct the Union. I had hoped this
committee would propose something which
would accomplish that. As to the plan pro-
posed, I am utterly hopeless with regard to its
producinganygood effect. I may be mistaken.
I have the highest respect, I need not say, for
the members of the committee. I know they
are patriotic; but I think they are utterly mis-
taken, and I think I have the right to say it, in
all respect to them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senatorfrom Con-
necticut has gone into a discussion of the merits
of the report. I said nothing of the merits of
the report. I did not intend to say anything,
and I do not now, on that subject. I merely
rise to say that I choose to avoid anything of
that description until the report comes properly
before the Senate,-when, if I have sufficient
strength, I shall endeavor to explain the views
of the committee upon that subject so far as it
may become my duty to explain them. In the
mean time I suppose we are to have gentlemen
giving us the opinions, which I think we can find
out for ourselves, of different persons through-
out the country. I wish only to say that, not-
withstanding my respect for each and all of
those who may choose to instruct us on the
subject, we have a duty to discharge, and must
discharge it in the best way we can upon our
own views and sentiments as to what the con-
dition of the country demands.
Mr. GRIMES. There seems to be some
controversy between the Senator from Con-
necticut and the Senat or from Maine as to what
are, at this time, the opinions of the President
of the United States ; and occupying the pecu-
liar relations which the Senator from Connec-
ticut does to the Chief Magistrate of the coun-
try, I desire to refer, as he has done, to a news-
paper, one published in this city, purporting to
give the last revised opinions of the President,
and to inquire of him whether or not they are
authentic. I hold in my hand the National
Intelligencer of this morning, which contains
an article represented to mo to have been tele-
graphed from the precincts of the White House
to the various newspapers in the country,
headed, "The President and his Cabinet in
Council
" It is understood that at tlie Cabinet meeting yes-
terday the President invited an expression of opin-
ion from the heads of Departments respecting tbo
propositions reported on Monday last by the congres-
sional committee on reconstruction. An interesting
and animated discussion is said to have ensued, in
the course of which, if rumor bo true. Secretary Sew-
ard declared himself in very decided and emphatic
terms ajrainst the plan sf the committee and in favor
of the immediate admission oi loyal representative#
from tlie lately rebellious states.
" Secretary McCulloch was as positive as the geore-.
tary of S-tate in his opposition to the plan^ecojn-
mended by the committee, and expressed lumselr
strongly in favor of an immediate coesuigjmi-tJon.or
the President's restoration policy by the- atossion
into Congress of loyal men from the southern btates,
" Secretary Stanton was equallydefflffedin his oppo-
sition to the committee's propositions, wasiorauner-
in? to the policy which had bees-agreed upon ana
consistently pursued by the Administration, andwas
gratified that the President bad brought the subject
to the consideration of the Cabinet. „ . ,
" Secretary Welles was u,WMuivoeally agamst tbo
committee's was earnest iv seheixie, and his support
