310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January "18,
witli the negroes. They are his friends, and
he must make common emise with his friends,
whether they be white or black.
My chief objection to this proposed restric-
tion is, that the rebel States are not likely to do
anything more for themselves than you do for
the country when you pass judgment and estab-
lish your policy here. If you put a limitation
or qualification upon the cxcrciso of the elective
franchise, who docs not sec that its enforcement
is a question of administration? And herein
there is a difference between Massachusetts
and this District ; there is a difference between
Massachusetts and Louisiana. Our inspectors
and examiners are in favor of suffrage, and they
desire to give every man the elective franchise.
Every doubt is given to the applicant. In South
Carolina and Alabama it is a question of ad-
ministration ; and do you suppose the men who
■will preside and decide this question will come
to the conclusion that a negro can read when
the result is that he must also vote? Will they
accept testimony that he has been in the Army
when they do not want his ballot brought to
bear against them, ashisbayonetfrequently was
during the war? Do you suppose they will tax
him when they know that taxation gives him the
power to interfere in the Government? More
than that, I do not suppose that the colored men
in this District would be safe in coming to the
polls. 1 am pretty suie that in the old slave
States you would have to muster the entire black
male population, so thai they might go to the
polls in rafety.
I have thus given, with less preparation than
I ought to have made for tho discussion of a
question like this, the views f entertain upon
this subject. But boumd this, when we pro-
claimed tfic emancipation of tlie slaves, and put
their lives in peril for the defense of thK coun-
try, we did in eilcet guaranty to them substau-
'tiallv the rights of American citizens and a
Christian posterity, and heathen countries will
demand how we hn\c kepi that, faith.
Mr. SHELLA BAKGHit. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Massachusetts { Mr.
Boitwku,] 1 desire to make a single inquiry.
It is this: T understand the bill, as reported
from the Judiciary Commit! oe. proposes to stiik^
out the woid 'white" i'loai all laws ivhitinglo
the Dhtriet, so t hat, aecoiding to the law, oar h
citizen thai I havethe 1 ight to vote. Xow, 1 widi
to know whether ihe etiectof ihe bill will be to
submit to the oilh ers holding the elections in
this Disirie! (he right to decide, under and in
the light of the Ured Scott deeb'iou, l hat no titan
can vote as a <-Umm who is of A'Vjean <le.-een!
Mr. BOPTU Kljlj. 1 suppose, Mr. Speaker,
thai ii isseilled by recent authorities that the
word embraces black persons as well
as while.
Mr. SHELL VBAUHKB. The gonth-man
does no! apprehend my inquiry. die- author-
ities of this DistiieL ve all know, will iv/niid
the deei-.iou in t he lb ed Sco; t ca.-e a> law , and
if it is law. then no person of A inean do^vni
will be permitted !o \<>'e under {ho provisions
of this bill as reported bv t!m eonimii'oe.
Mr. I>0lTT\v ELL. A < r y likely 1 li<1 eentle-
man i^ right. \ am addressing myself to the
expediency of pulling a qualification to the
exercise of I he right of suffrage iu this District,
and but one thought further remains, on the
di;niosiun of which I was just entering when
inteiruptcd by the gentleman from Ohio.
Mr. Speaker, we are to answer for our treat-
ment of the colored people of thi.5 country and
it will prove in tho end impracticable to secure
to men of color civil rights unlus= tho perform
who claim tho^e rights are lbrriii'Ml by the po-
litical tight of \ otlng. With the ri^htof voting
over} tiling that a man ought to have or enjoy
oi cml rights comes to him. Without tho right
to vote he is secure in nothing. I cannot eon-
sent. alter all the guards and safeguauls which
may be prepared tor the defense of the colored
men in the enjoyment of their rights—I cannot
content- that they shall be deprived of the riirht
to pi oi ■•'*!! henisf-lves. One hundred and eisfhrv-
six thf a -and uf them have been in the"Army of
the [fu?ie(! Stairs. They have stood in the nlace
of our sons and brothers and friends. They I
have fallen in defense of the country. They \
have earned the right to share in the Govern- j
ment; and if you cjeny them the elective fran- i
chisel know not how they are to be protected, j
Otherwise you furnish the protection which is i
given to the lamb when he is commended to the j
wolf. . ~ j
There is an ancient history that a sparrow j
pursued by a hawk took refuge in the chief, as- j
sembly of Athens in the bosom of a member of
that illustrious body, and that the senator in
a,nger hurled it violently from him. It fell to
the ground dead, and such was the horror and
indignation of that ancient but not Christianized 1
body—men living in the light of nature, of rea- I
son—that they immediately expelled the brutal
Areopagite from his seat, and from the associa-
tion of humane legislators.
"What will be said of us, not by Christian, but
by heathen nations even, if, after accepting the j
blood and sacrifices of these men, we hurl them j
from us and allow them to be the victims of i
those who have tyrannized over them for ceii- 1
turics? I know of 110 crime that exceeds this; I !
know of none that is its parallel; and if this ,
country is true to itself it "will lisein the majesty !
of its strength and maintain a policy, here and ;
everywhere, by which the rights of the colored !
people shall be secured through their own i
power—in peace the ballot, in war the bayonet, i
It is a maxim of another language, which we j
may well apply to ourselves, that, where the vofc- j
iiur register ends the military roster of rebellion 1
be<;ins ; and if you leave these four million
people to the care and custody of the men who
have inaugurated and carried 011 this rebellion,
then you treasure up for untold years the ele-
ments of social and civil war which must not
only desolate and paralyse the South, but shake
this Government to its \ cry foundation.
Mr. IILBBABD, of West Virginia. Mr.
Speaker, withoutinstitutingany inquirvor com- 1
pari^on between the black and white races, I
wish simply to indicate my reasons for the vote
which 1 expect to give on the bill now pending.
1 believe that all history will sustain the po.-i-
lion that only a homogeneous people can make
a united nation.
1 fuilher believe that the effort to introduce
into the sovereignly of (his country a race
which cannot in the nature of things become
homogeneous—which fa< t every instinct of our
hutnaniiy and ihe whole legislation of the
country attest—can only bo productive of con-
tention and conflict—-a contiier "which must
ultimately result in tho domination of one or
the other of the-e races, and the ultimate de-
struction of the weaker race.
And this ride I would apply not only to the
ne'iro, but, lo the Indian, the Chinaman: and if
theie be any people ol* onr own race of whom
it cotdd not fairly be predated that in a few
generations they would become homogeneous,
or. m olher v, ohL. Americanized. 1 would, if
i laid ihe power, deny to that people the right
of sullVace. ;
On the other hand. 1 would by the fullest 1
legi-da 1 ion ^ecinv not onK to the negro, but tu
even inhabitant of thi* country, uf "w hatever ;
race or lineage, all the protection that the law :
give1? tu my wife or minor son, and F would do 1
this not only in the District of Columbia, but |
in every State of the Cnron. (
I would in the present circumstances of our 1
country go further, and, departing somewhat :
from the inle laid down. T would as a special
recognition of his services to the Common-
wealth in its hour of trial, extend the right of 1
sulfrage to every man of whatever race who j
has in the war for the Enion faithfully served
in and been honorably discharged from the j
naval or military servicv of the United States. !
But in no ease wouhl I extend this right so far j!
as to give to the excluded race the control of
the government in any community, and thus
provoke the coniliet I seek to avoid.
With this briet .statement I indicate my in-
tention of voting again-1 the bill under consid-
eration, and also against ihe amendment of the
gentleman from New York.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The motion upon
which the House will he called to voters that sub-
mitted by the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Darling] yesterdajr, to postpone the considera-
tion of this bill until the lirst Tuesday in April.
I do not propose to discuss that.motion. It is
made by the gentleman in antagonism to the
exercise of the right of suffrage by any person
in this District, and in order that we may deter-
mine whether the House is in favor of the prop-
osition to deprive all men of the right to vote
in this District. I demand upon that motion the
previous question.
Mr. NIBLACK. Is it in order now to move
to lay the bill upon the table?
The SPEAKER. It is in order.
Mr. NIBLACK. I make that motion.
Mr. KLDlilDGB. I demand the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays "were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas -IT, nays 123, not voting
12; as follows:
YEAS—Messri*. Ann on;;, Delos R. Ashley, Bergen,
Boyer, Brooks, Chanlor, l),nvsin, Denison, Eidridge,
Finck, (jlo.-sbrenncr, Goodj cat, Under, Aaron llard-
mg.Hocan, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwin N. lhibbell,
James M. Humphrey, Johnson, J oik s. Kerr, Kuyken-
dall, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, MeCullough, Nib-
lack. Nicholson, Noell, Piielps, Hartford, Samuel J.
Randall, Willium II. Randall, Hitter, Roger?, Ross,
Shanklin, Sitgreave*, Smith, Strouse, Tabor, Taylor,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Yuorhees, and
Winfield—47.
KAYS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Barker,
Baxter, Bearaan, Bulwell, Bingham, Blame," Blow,
Bout well, Bi andegcc.Bromwcll, Broomall, Buckland,
Bandy, lleador W.Clarke, Sidney Clarke. Cobb, Conk-
Pmg, Cook. Cullom. Darling, Davis, Dawes, Defrees,
Delano, Doming, Dixon, Donnelly, Diiges, Eekley,
E^lo^ton, Eliot, Farncworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, (U'innell, Gii*wold, Hale, Aimer C. Harding,
liait, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, I-Iolmos, Hoo-
per, A^ahel Vv'. Hubbaid, Demas Hubbard, John H.
Hubbard. Ilulburd, James Humphrey, Ingersoll,
! Jenckcs, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Ketcham,
Lafim.Ucorire V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,
Longyear, Lynch, Muivton, Marvin, McClurs, Mc-
Kec, Merour, Miller, Moorhend, Morrill, Morris,
Moulton, Mvei\s, O'Neill, Ortli, Paine, Patterson,Per-
ham. Pike, Plants, Pomeioy, Piice, Itaymond, Alex-
ander 11. Biee, John 11. llico, Rollins, Sawyer,
Bchenek, Seoiicld, >Shellabarirer, Sloan, Spalding,
Stair, Stevens, Stillwoll, Thayer, Francis Thomas,
TVowbrtdfto, Up^ou, Van Aornam, Burt Van Horn,
llobeit T. Vanllorn. AVard, Warner, Elihu B. AVash-
buine, William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth,
"William-,  J ame^ F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Win-
dom, and Woodbjidsc—1^.
NOT VOTINtJ— Messrs. Benjamin, Culver, Du-
nioiit, Harris, Hole hkibs, James R. IIubbeH, Mc-
Indoc, j\felluer, Xewell, Itousseau, Whaley. and
Wugiit—12.
So the House refused to lay tho bill on the
table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. IlIGBY stated that Mr. McKuer was
detained from the House by sickness, and had
been for two or three days past.
Mr. IIUUBAUD, of New York, stated that
Mr. Hotcukiss was detained from the House
by sickness.
The i<">ulf of ihe \ otc Iuia ing been announced
as abo\ e tceoi dcd. tho rj nestion iccurrcd on Mr.
Daumxo's nndion to ]_)ostpone.
Mr. l)AKddX(T. 1 will modify my motion
so as to make the time the first Tuesday in March
instead of the hi>t Tuesday in April.
Mr. KCHEXCK. As 1 understand it. the
previous question will exhaust itself on the
motion to postpone.
The SPEAKER, Ir, will exhaust itself on
the motion to postpone.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. JaOUEUS demanded the yeas and nays
011 the motion to postpone.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas oi, nays 1 So, uot voting
!•}: as follows:
YEAS—-Messrs. Anderson, Banks, Conklirtg, T>ar-
linc:, Davi-, Defrecs, lv!><r]e^lou, Parniihar, Ferry,Gris-
wold, Hale, Hart", Henderson, flili, llouan, James
Humphrev. Ka^son, Ketcham. Kuvkondall. Laflin,
Latham, George V. Lnwrenee, Marvin, Mercur, Mil-
ler, Oifh, IMielps, William IL. Randall, Raymond,
Smith. Rtillwell, John L. Thomas, Trimble, undRob-
ert T. Van iioin—34.
NAYS—Me^rs. Alley. Alh-on, Ames, Anoona, Do-
lus IX. At'hlcy, James M. A-:hl^', Baker, Baldwin,
Barker,Baxter, Beaman,Benjamin, Bergen,Bidweil,
Bingham, Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Boyer, Brandegee,
