1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4255
cured such labor—from the Ohio and upper
Mississippi rivers. Where willfthey get the
pork and the flour to sustain the laborers? On
the banks of the upper Mississippi and its trib-
utaries. And I tell gentlemen that when any
question in regard to that great river is up,
whether it concerns a locality at the mouth of
that river or at the head of the river, it becomes
men interested in the great Mediterranean val-
ley to stand by the interests of that river.
Let these levees be broken down or swept
away, and the mouths of the Mississippi river
will soon become blocked up more tearfully than
they have been by the alluvial deposits which
have been accumulating year by year. Com-
petent engineers have advocated projects for
straightening the current of the Mississippi, to
increase its velocity, and thus keep its entrances
clear. Yet wo are now told that we must allow
this river to spread over miles each side of its
proper bed, inundating a vast country capable
of adding hundreds of millions annually to the
wealth of the country. If those levees were
rebuilt, the proprietors who now cannot sell
their lands at a dollar per acre, would be^able
to cultivate those lands and make them highly
productive, contributing largely to the wealth
of the nation.
If gentlemen still indulging the war spirit
want to hang rebels let them hang them by the
rules of law and justice ; if they want to starve
rebels let them enact it upon the statute-book
that they shall be starved. But when we arc
legislating here for the great interests of the
country, let us legislate like statesmen, not
placing dependence upon newspaper articles
which are dishonorable to the country from
which they come, for they are in disregard of
what every man knows to be the best interests
of that country. I ask gentlemen not to dis-
regard the fact that by the rebuilding of these
levees we shall increase the production of cot-
ton, thereby diminishing its cost to us who
consume it, reducing largely the present high
prices of cotton goods, as well as increasing
largely our internal revenue.
Mr. STEVENS. If we all indulge in such
platitudes as my friend has we will never get
through this bill during this session.
Mr. KASSON. Did the gentleman say lat-
itude or platitudes?
Mr. STEVENS. Platitudes. I hope noth-
ing will come up again so near the heart of
my friend in the interest of the rebels. This,
in my judgment, is-a most shameful attempt
on the part of the enemies of the country. Of
this General Claiborne who comes here I have
nothing to say. I asked him whether lie was
a rebel and in the rebel army and he said that
he was but that he was now willing to submit.
Not one of these States has yet made its peace
with the Union. Not one of these States is
represented here, not one of them lias a Rep-
resentative which can in its name rise on this
floor and speak in behalf ot its interests. They
have to look abroad for men to act for them
as attorneys. Shall we grant this when we
refuse to pay our own honest debts ? Shall we
grant this when the respectable chairman of
the Committee of Claims refuses to pay an old
woman whose house was burned down, because
we have no money? Let them build their own
levees. Let them raise their own cotton. I
would not be in favor of hanging them, but I
do not think I should interfere if the Lord
should choose to drown them out. [Laughter.]
Mr. SCOFIELD. I ask my colleague whether
the difference is not while those who areop;
posed to him are for damming the Mississippi
he is for damning the rebels. [Renewed
laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. I am not for hanging them,
but God forbid I should give them a reward
for having cost us so many hundreds of millions
of money and so many hundreds of thousands
of lives! I see no symptom of repentance ex-
cept when they come here asking us for an
appropriation of millions of dollars. I do not
see why we should grant it when we persistently
refuse to compensate our own citizens whose
houses have been burned or plundered by those
very rebels. When loyal citizens come here
for remuneration they are told we cannot afford
it at this time, that we have no money. Sir, I
cannot endure the idea of paying this money
when we refuse the just demands of our own
citizens. I demand the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a few moments.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield the floor to
the gentleman if he will renew the demand for
the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. I will give it back to him
again so that he may renew the demand.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield the floor to the
gentleman only on condition that he shall de-
mand the previous question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope the previous
question will not be seconded until I shall
have an opportunity of saying a word.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I said the other
day, in some remarks on this subject, that I
believed ultimately it would be the duty of the
United States to assist in the management of
the Mississippi river, and I am still of that
opinion. 1 refer to it because it is necessary to
qualify what I have to say to-day in reference
to this particular measure. I believe the people
of Louisiana deserve that assistance, and there
is no man in this country who will more readily
and heartily assist them in that way when
the time shall arrive. But, sir, I am against
this measure for reasons which 1 will proceed
briefly to state. We had, a couple of months
since, several intelligent gentlemen from New
Orleans, who asked assistance of the Govern-
ment to open the mouth of the Mississippi river.
They said it was so shoaled that large vessels
could not get from the river into the Gulf of
Mexico. Gentlemen now come from Louisiana
and ask us to dike the Mississippi river. Thus
we have a proposition, in the first instance, to
excavate its mouth so ships can get out; and
then, in the second instance, that the bank's
shall be leveed so the water shall be retained
in the bed of the stream. The reason of this is
that the management of the Mississippi river
is upon a false principle ; and it never can be
safely managed nor controlled for the benefit
of the people of that country until the system
is changed. It is against nature. Nature has
clearly indicated a plan for the management of
the Mississippi. It has made outlets to the right
and to the left for the surplus water of that great
stream, navigable for so many thousand miles,
to flow out into the Gulf. In our part of the
country the rivers flow in, the small rivers cre-
ate the large, but in the lower Mississippi the
rivers flow out. In the first instance it is an
arrangement of nature for the purpose of cre-
ating rivers; and in the second it is one of the
methods adopted by nature for the purpose of
preserving rivers. ....
Now, sir, the management of the Mississippi
river absolutely requires that the present system
of levees shall be in a degree abandoned, and
that the system of nature shall be in a degree
restored. Between the Gulf of Mexico and the
northern boundary of Tennessee there arefrom
fifty to one hundred of these bayous and rivers,
the natural outlets of the Mississippi river neces-
sary to the preservation of this country. 1< rom
the system which has boen adopted there, all
thesebayous and rivers have been closed by the
drift-wood that comes down from above. The
consequence is that the stream of the Mississippi
rises, and levees arebuiltto contain the volume
of water in the bed of the river and thereby pro-
tect the country from an overflow. _ Now, sir,
these rivers and bayous must be opened,
and that will in a great degree let off the sur-
plus water and relieve the country and the Gov-
ernment of the United States, if you please,
from the expense and danger attending the
present system. I endeavored to open these
bayous myself two or three years ago. And
the very men who are here now asking for an
appropriation of money by the Government of
the United States to maintain the levees, repre-
sent others who shot the soldiers and burned the
steamers engaged in that work whenever they
could find an opportunity to do so.
I touch upon anothfr part of the subject.
The effect of these levees is constantly to lift up
the bed of the stream. And as a consequence
the levees have to be made higher and higher
from year to year. And the effect of raising
the bed of the stream—being closed—the nat-
ural outlets for the surplus water, is to throw a
considerable part of the sediment that comes
from twenty ihousand miles of navigable waters
into the mouth of the river. There it meets the
returning flood of the Gulf of Mexico, which
sweeps back the sediment brought down by the
stream, and it is deposited in the mouth of the
river, which is constantly shoaling, until the
navigation is rendered so difficult that the ves-
selsof the United States sometimes are com-
pelled to lay there two or three weeks. That
is altogether in consequence of the levee sys-
tem. And whenever that system shall be aban-
doned or changed, and the natural outlets of the
river opened, then this sediment at the mouth
of the river will bo deposited elsewhere, and
that difficulty at least will be removed.
There is one other trouble in regard to
the management of this river to which I will
allude. There is now in Louisiana a servile
population that is not yet in possession of the
rights that it demands, and which in time it
must have. It is a population upon which the
country is dependent for its labor. I fully and
honestly believe that the present condition of
things cannot long continue without the resist-
ance of that population to the people in au-
thority there at the present time. And I cannot
entertain any doubt whatever, from my own
conviction, that whenever resistance shall come
that population will have the sympathy if not
the support of the great mass of the people of
the United States. Now suppose this work
completed, in what condition do you find that
country? The river is maintained in its bed
by levees, and lifted above the face of the
country. Every year the river is more elevated
and the country comparatively lower. It runs
as it wore on the ridge of a hill. A single man
in a single hour of a night can open them, del-
uge the whole country and destroy property and
life there. That is the fact in this case, and it
is one that must be considered.
And that brings me to anolherquestion, mors
important than all else. I feel an affection and
an interest for the people of Louisiana as strong
as that for my own native Commonwealth.
There is no man in this country who would be
more willing than I am to give them every as-
sistance, either by means of the power or the
treasure of the Government of the United
States; but I ask that the provision of the
Constitution which requires the establishment
of a republican form of government shall be
first complied with before they demand or
request assistance from us.
I will not go into a disquisition upon the
question of what constitutes a republican gov-
ernment. But I will say briefly that one of
the requisites of a republican government, in
my belief, is that it shall be in harmony with
the sentiment of the people of the United
States. And while I say, as 1 have said be-
fore and will say hereafter, that the people of
Louisiana have no interest hostile to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and will be, I be-
lieve, in their hearts, when they are left to their
own opinions and their own conduct, loyal to
its interests and to its institutions, yet I com-
prehend perfectly well that the power of that
country is now in the hands of men who have
interests hostile to the Government, and who
in their hearts are not loyal to its principles
or its institutions. Had it been left to the
people of the State of Louisiana we should
have had none of those troubles that now affect
us politically or economically. But the power
is in the hands of men who have very recently
been engaged in a most determined effort to
destrov this Government.
And while I disagree with the gentleman
from Iowa, [Mr. Kassos,] who suggests hang-
in^ these men ; or with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] who suggests
imprisoning, or with another gentleman who
