1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2335
by what power? By the national Govern-
ment; and let me say that, as the national
Government gave that freedom, it belongs to
the national Government to secure it. The
national Government cannot leave those men
whom it has made free to the guardianship or
custody or tender mercies of any other govern-
ment. It is bound to take them into its own
keeping, to surround them all by its own pro-
tecting power, and invest them with all the
rights and conditions which in the exercise of
its best judgment shall seem necessary to that
end. All that my excellent friend has abso-
lutely forgotten. It is not in his mind. If I
could bring myself to such an obliviousness, if
I could bathe so completely in the waters of
Lethe as my excellent friend from Connecticut
seems to have done daily in these rccont time3,
I could join him in the support of his prop-
osition.
ft^r. DIXON. One word in reply to the
Senator from Massachusetts, with the con-
sent of the Senate. The Senator says that I
have forgotten many things, and among others
the guarantees required by the four million
slaves who have been emancipated. I desire
to ask the Senator what guarantee those per-
sons have in the proposition reported by the
committee. The Senator exhausted all the
terms of opprobrium in the English language
in denouncing a resolution which was before
the Senate some time since, and which con-
tained the only guarantee for the colored race
that is.contained in this report. The only
guarantee which he says he keeps constantly
in his mind, and which I have forgotten, con-
tained in this report is that providing that if
those persons are not allowed to vote in the
States in which they reside they shall not be
counted in the apportionment of Represent-
atives. The Senate has not yet forgotten—
the cehoes are still ringing in this Hall—what
the Senator said in regard to that proposition.
If the English language contains any term of
reproach, if it can be coined into any form or
shape of opprobrium which he did not exhaust
on that subject, and some of which my friend
from Maine [Mr. Feksrndex] cited as beauties
of rhetoric, I am mistaken. I think he could
have gone no further in denouncing that very
proposition which is the only guarantee in this
report; and yet he says I have forgotten that
they require guarantees. I beg leave to remind
the Senator that he too has forgotten his own
words on that subject.
Mr. SUMNER. Not at all.
The resolution of Mr. Dixon .was ordered to
be printed.
bounties to colored soldiers.
Mr. HENDERSON submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia be, and are hereby, instructed to in-
quire into the expediency of changing the laws so as
to enable back pay and bounty due to colored soldiers
for services in the late war to be drawn upon the
same proof of marriage as is now required for the
collection of pensions due to such soldiers under the
act of July, 1864.
use of the hall.
Mr. WADE. I now move to take up the
resolution granting the use of the Senate Cham-
ber to Mrs. Walling for the purpose of deliv-
ering a lecture.
Mr. SHERMAN. If there is to be no debate
upon that resolution, and it will not supersede
the special order, I am perfectly willing that a
vote may be taken upon it; but if the motion
involves a postponement of the pending order
I object to it.
Mr. WADE. I do not propose to debate it.
I suppose it is understood by the Senate, and
that we can get a wte upon it at once. If it
gives rise to debate, I shall let it go over.
Mr. SHEEMAN. I hope, then, the vote may
be taken. I believe the yeas and nays have
been ordered upon it.
The PRESIDENT.pro tempore. Itis moved
that the Senate proceed to the consideration
of the resolution.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the following
resolution :
Iieiilved, That the use of the Senate Chamber be
granted to Mrs. Ji. V. Walling for the purpose of
delivering therein an addiess, on Tuesday eveniuK,
the 17th instant; the floor of thc'Senate Chamber to
be for the exclusive accommodation of members ot
the Senate and House of representatives and their
families.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out the time mentioned in it and
inserting " Monday evening, the 7th instant."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I call for the yeas and
nays on the adoption of the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I wish to offer an amend-
ment to this resolution. I was opposed to the
resolution, but since the Chamber has been
granted to Mr. Murdoch and was once granted
to this lady and then reconsidered, I think it
would be cruel to refuse it now. I shall there-
fore vote for the resolution ; but I think there
ought to be a stop put to the practice (which
is evidently going to be very prevalent unless
we stop it by a resolution) of granting the use
of this Chamber. In the other House they
have been obliged to pass a resolution making
it out of order to offer any such resolution, and
now, the House Hall being closed, all persons
who wish to lecture without going to the ex-
pense of paying for a hall will come here and
apply for this Chamber. The objections to it
are too manifest to need any recapitulation. I
move to amend the resolution by inserting at
the end of it the following:
And that hereafter the Senate Chamber shall not
be granted for any other purpose than for the use of
the Senate.
Mr. WADE. I have no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. I doubt whether we should
tie our hands for the future.
Mr. ANTHONY. We can repeal it whenever
we choose.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment will not
tie our hands in the future. It can be super-
seded by a resolution offered hereafter.
Mr. SUMNER. I understand very well it
cannot legally and technically, but it does in
form.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro-tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the resolution as amended.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 16, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Doolittle, Fes-
senden, Howard, Ilowe, Morrill. .Nye, Poland, i'oiuo-
roy, "Ramsey, Stewart, Wade, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Clark, Conn ess, Creswell, Davis,
Dixon, Foster, Guthrie, Harris, Henderson, Johnson,
Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana, Morgan, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Trumbull, Van Winkle, and Willey—18.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cowan, Cra-
gin, Edmunds, Grimes, Hendricks, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Riddle, Baulsbury,
Sprague, and Wright—15.
So the resolution was rejected.
message from the house.
■ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in which
the concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 341) to incorporate the
Niagara Ship-Canal Company; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 130) to carry
into immediate effect the bill to provide for the
better organization of the pay department of
the Navy.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bill and joint res-
olutions ; which were thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore,:
A bill (H. E. No. 197) to provide for the
better organization of the pay department of
the Navy;
A joint resolution (S. No. 84) expressive of
the gratitude of the nation to the officers, sol-
diers, and seamen of the United States: and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 75) making
appropriations for the expenses of collecting
the revenue from customs.
APPROVAL 01' BILLS.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Edward Cooper, his Secretary,
announced that the President had this day
approved and signed the following acts and
joint resolution:
An act (S. No, 158) to facilitate the settle-
ment of the accounts of the Treasurer of the
United States, ",rid to secure certain moneys to
the people of ie United States, or to persons
to whom they are due and who are entitled to
receive the same;
An act (S. No. 255) to remit and refund
certain duties; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 56) authorizing
the Secretary of the Treasury to adjust the
claim of Beals & Dixon against the United
States.
post office appropriation rill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday, being the bill
(H. R. No. 280) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for
other purposes, is now before the Senate, the
pending question being on the. amendment
offered by the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
Tkumbcll. ]
Mr. HOWE. I am going to vote for this
amendment if I get a chance. I think I will
vote for any part of it, for almost any one line
of it. I would rather vote for the whole of it
than for any part of it. It was said last even-
ing that the modification made by the mover
of the amendment was more objectionable
than the amendment as originally introduced.
Mr. President, what is this proposition? As
introduced it proposed to say that no part of
the money to be appropriated by this bill
should be expended on persons or officers
undertaking to exercise or perform the duties
of an office which by law*is required to be
filled by the advice and consent of the Senate
who shall not be confirmed by the Senate.
The language is:
That no person exercising or performing, or un-
dertaking to oxercise or perform, the duties of any
oltice which by law is required to be filled by the
advice and consent of tho Senate, shall, before con-
firmation by the Senate, receive any salary or com-
pensation for his services, unless such person be com-
missioned by the Presidentto fill up a vacancy which
has happened by death, resignation, or expiration
of term during the recess of the Senate and sineeita
last adjournment.
_ What is the objection to that? The objec-
tion urged was that incompetent or dishonest
and faithless men may be found in office dur-
ing the recess of the Senate, and it might be-
come necessary in the judgment of the Execu-
tive, and in the judgment of all men it might
be manifestly necessary to remove that officer,
and if we adopted the amendment as it then
stood, it would preclude payment to the suc-
cessor of an officer so removed. In other words,
it was held to be a cheek upon the right of the
President to remove an incompetent officer or
a dishonest officer in the recess of the Senate.
To meet that objection to the amendment it
was modified yesterday, and the latter clause
of it now reads:
Unless such person be commissioned by the Pres-
ident t.o fill up a vacancy which h as h an pen ed during
the recess of the Senate and since its last, adjourn-
ment by doatli, resignation, expiration of term, or
removal for acts done or omitted in violation of the
duties of his office; the cause in ease of removal to
be reported to the Senate at its next session.
What is the objection to that? It was said
yesterday, it has been said repeatedly during
this debate, that the question of the right of
the President to make removals had been set-
tled, was established, was no longer to be con-
troverted. If that be so, 1 am opposed to the
whole amendment. If it is settled that the
President has under the Constitution the_ right
to remove officers at his pleasure, let him do
it. 1 hold that the President ought to discharge
every part of the duty laid upon him by the
Constitution. When he does make a removal
then he-makes a vacancy; and I know, when
