2836
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
a vacancy exists, the Constitution makes it the
bounden duty of the President to fill it or to
see that it is filled. If the Senate be not m
session he must fill it himself. If the Senate
is in session, he mustnoininate and enable the
Senate to fill it. If, therefore, it be the settled
construction of tho Constitution that the Pres-
ident may remove officers at his pleasure, then
a vacancy legally, regularly occurs, and when
that vacancy is filled it is the duty of the Legis-
lature to appropriate the money necessary to
pay the salary.
I hold, Mr. President, that- this amendment
is one of the most important, if not the most
important, proposition that I have been called
to vote upon since I have had the honor of a
seat on this floor. It is nothing less than
whether a hundred millions of money is to be
placed in the hands of the President of the
United States, and always kept there, to be
used in propagating political opinions with the
people of the United States. I never saw an
opinion, I never heard of a political opinion
that I would be willing to propagate at that
expense. I think if we confine this missionary
work to^ the proper organs, all political opin-
ions which are proper to be inculcated upon
the American people may be inculcated at a
much less expense.
I will not vote for this amendment; I will
not vote for any other proposition which is
calculated either to restrict the powers which
the Constitution confers upon the President or
which are calculated to embarrass him in the
exercise of those powers ; and I say once more,
if the Constitution does delegate to the Presi-
dent of the United States the right or the power
to make these removals, it is our duty to acqui-
esce in that construction, to recognize the va-
cancies thus created, to cooperate ehecrfully
with tho President in filling them, and appro-
priate regularly and annually the money neces-
sary to pay the officers thus appointed; but I
say that that power never was given to the
President by the Constitution and never ought
to be vested in liim by the Constitution.
Tliia question has been treated as if all the
officers whose duty it is to collect the customs,
whose duty it is to collect the internal revenue,
whose duty it is to act as marshals and deputy
marshals of the several districts, all these subor-
dinate officers were the mere assistants, aids,
waiters, personal attendants upon the Presi-
dent to help him discharge his duties, and as
though he were individually and officially
responsible for all their acts.
I controvert both those propositions. There
is not one of these officers, from the collector
of customs to tho deputy marshals, but what
is a minister of the law. Almost every one of
these offices has been created by law, by the
enactment of Congress, to perform some duty
which Congress thought ought to be discharged.
There is no manner of truth or propriety in
saying that they are the agenis or the aids of
the President of the United States. They are
simply the agents or ministers of the jieople
of the United States, called to do their work,
commissioned to serve their interests. And I
deny that the President of the United States
is responsible for their conduct or misconduct.
Nobody ever urged, nobody ever thought of
intimating, no one ever thought of holding the
head of one of your Executive Departments
responsible for the conduct or misconduct of
those employes working under his immediate
eye.^ When there have been defalcations, pec-
ulations, or other acts of misconduct, who ever
thought of holding the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Treasury, or any one of the
heads of theBxecutive Departments responsible
for such misconduct or for any misconduct of
subordinates? Each one of those officers has
p,n official duty to discharge, and each one of
them, whether he be the head of a Depart-
ment or a elerk in it, has his duties prescribed
by law, not always to be found in the statute,
but the authority is found in the statute for
directing him iu the discharge of his duties,
^hen he discharges thorn he receives the credit
©f fidelity.' When he fails to discharge those
duties lie ought to receive the punishment due
to infidelity. I am not sure that he always
does.
'Mr. President, the light to be gathered from
the language of the Constitution is in a small
compass and it seems to me is conclusive. The
Constitution says that the President—•
"Shall nominate, and by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate shall appoint, embassadors,
other public ministers and consuls, judges of tho Su-
preme Court, and all other officersof theUnited States
whose appointments are not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, and which shall be established by law; but
theCongressmaybylaw vest the appointmentof such
inferior officers as they think properin tHe President
alone, in the courts of law, or in the heads of Depart-
ments."
What possible ideas could the makers of this
Constitution have had in their heads when they
used this language, if they did intend that after
all the President should have the right to re-
move all these appointees when he pleased to
do so ? Why require the concurrence of the
Senate in the appointment of a postmaster if
the moment the Senate adjourns the President
can create a vacancy in that office, which he
fills himself, independent of the Senate? That
interpretation of the Constitution would give
us the services of postmasters and other offi-
cers for about twenty-four hours in the year.
On the last day of the session of this body the
President might send us the names of those offi-
cers whom he wanted confirmed. That com-
plies with the clause of the Constitution which
says he shall nominate. He has discharged
that duty. Then we confirm or we reject as we
see fit. Suppose we confirm under those cir-
cumstances? He would surely send us men
unobjectionable to the Senate, however objec-
tionable they might be to him, and why? Be-
cause we adjourn to-morrow, and as soon as we
have adjourned he has nothing to do but quietly
displace the officer and then there is a vacancy,
and that vacancy the Constitution expressly
tells him to fill himself by a commission ema-
nating from himself. This provision, requiring
the concurrence of the Senate to any of these
appointments, you see, if that is the interpre-
tation of the power of removal, is the idlest
thing in the world.
But if this power to remove officers is at all
nccessary, or was thought to be necessary to
be vested in the President in order to secure
the efficiency of tho public service, why did
the makers of the Constitution say to Congress
in so many words, "You may take from the
President the appointment of just as many of
these subordinate officers as you please?" It
does say "Congress may by law vest the ap-
pointment of such inferior officers as they think
proper"—we are the judge of what are inferior
officers where they are not prescribed in the
Constitution—"in the President alone, in the
courts of law, or in the heads of Departments.''
Every one of these subordinate officers the
President may by act of Congress be deprived
of all control over, and the appointment may
be vested in your courts or in the heads of the
Departments. Why did the framers of the
Constitution give this power to Congress if they
deemed it essential that the President should
have a continuing, supervising control over these
officers ? It is evident to my mind that such an
idea never entered the head of any member of
that Convention. Nota wordissaidoftlie Pres-
ident's power to remove anybody. The Sena-
tor from Maryland reminds us that not a word
is said of the right of the President with the
concurrence of the Senate to remove anybody.
That is true; but I understood him to admit
that the President with the concurrence of the
Senate would have the right to remove any
officer appointed by the President with the
concurrence of the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. What I intended to say,
and what I supposed I did say, was that the
nomination by the President and confirmation
by the Senate of an officer would necessarily
act upon and remove the previous incumbent;
as both cannot be in the same office, the incum-
bent must go out.
Mr. HOWE. I understood the Senator cor-
rectly, I think. The power of removal, when
not restricted by supreme law, he said, and I
agree, is an incident to the power ot' appoint-
ment. Thepowerof appointment being unlim-
ited, the making of one appointment to-day is
not of itself a reason why another should not
be made to-morrow. It has not exhausted the
power; that power still continues in the same
tribunal; and if he make another to-morrow it
is a vacation of the one -made to-day, because
two officers cannot occupy the same office any
more than two bodies can occupy the same
space. The right of the President and the
Senate to remove does follow, in the estima-
tion of the Senator from Maryland, as in my
own, as an incident to the power of appoint-
ment; but how does the President get it?
Where does he get the power to remove officers
whom he does not appoint, whom he cannot
appoint, but who can only be appointed by the
concurrent act of tho President and the Sen-
ate? The Constitution is silent: it does not.
follow as an incident of the appointing power,
because he has not the appointing power ; it no
more follows as an incident that the President
can remove a man appointed by the President
and Senate than it follows that he can remove
an officer appointed by the Supreme Court
here—its clerk, for instance. Where does it
eome from ? Nay, the Constitution is not ab-
solutely silent upon the power of removal, for
the Constitution does declare that "the Presi-
dent, Vice President, and all civil officers of
the United States shall be removed from office
on impeachment for and conviction of treason,
bribery, or other high crimes and misdemean-
ors." These terms cover every officer in the
civil service of the United States. There is a
method by which they may be removed—the
power of impeachment.
The idea that is urged here by the Senator
from Maryland, and has been urged by others,
"You must not tie up the hands of the Presi-
dent; if you mean to have an efficient and
honest discharge of the public service, you
must give him the right to remove faithless
officers"—this idea was not out of the minds
of those men who made this Constitution; but
they never thought of saying that the President
might remove at will, and upon his own judg-
ment, any man whom he deemed to be faith,-
less or whom he deemed to be unsatisfactory.
No; they said, " Here is a trial; they may be
removed for these offenses, upon trial and con-
viction before the Senate of the United States,"
that being the only tribunal that can try an
impeachment. 1 am not about to say that this
right of removal through the process of im-
peachment, inasmuch as it is expressly given,
is given to the exclusion of all other means; I
do not mean to say that the law-making power
cannot vest in the President of tho United
States or elsewhere the right to make removals
for causes which are not matters of impeach-
ment; but I do say, just here, that in my judg-
ment, the men who made this Constitution
understood an office to be something very dif-
ferent from what it has been treated in this
debate, and very different from what it has
been understood to be in the estimation of
American politics for at least the last thirty
years. An office was understood by them to
•be an estate, to be conferred upon men ouly
because they were worthy and capable of serv-
ing the public, and to be taken from men only
because they ceased to be worthy and capable;
and the question whether they had so ceased
or not they never dreamed was to be deter-
mined by any mere political agency actuated
by mere political feeling.
Let me say a few words now upon the mat-
ter of authority, for this question is not a new
one—it has been debated over and over again.
It came under debate, as we learn, in 178'J for
the first time. The Senator from Maryland
objected to this amendment because it covered
all officers, including, as he says, members of
the Cabinet as well as others, and because it
never was, as I understood him to say, im-
agined by any statesman, in the early days of
the Kepublic, that a member of the Cabinet
could hold office a day or an hour against the
