312
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*xk i      <— ^
January 19
'a
IN SENATE.
F-RIDat, January 19, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Kev. E. II. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present to
the Senate the petition of Alexander 3. Atocha,
in which he refers to his claim against Mexico
now pending before the Court of Claims, and
suggests reasons why, under present laws and
the regulations of that court, no adequate justice
can be there done the petitioner, and he asks
therefore for further relief. If there be no ob-
jection, this petition will be received and re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations.
It w"as so ordered.
Mr. WILSON. I present thepetition of Rev.
William H. Lee, and several hundred others,
citizens of the District of Columbia, asking Con-
gress to strike out the word "white" from the
qualifications for suffrage in the District of Co-
lumbia. I move its reference to the Committee
on the District of Columbia.
Mr. WADE. Let it lie on the table. The
committee have already reported a bill on that
subject.
Mr. WILSON. As the committee have re-
ported on the subject, I change my motion, and
move that, the petition lie upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a petition of resi-
dents of the District ol' Columbia, calling upon
Congress to declare null and void till laws and
parts of laws which make qualifications or dis-
tinctions on account of color. I also have a
second petition of the same character. One of
these is signed, I understand, by the editors of
one of the leading journals of this city, and all
the persons in their employ. I ask the refer-
ence of these two petitions to the Committee on
the District of Columbia.
It was so ordered.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas, presented a petition
of enlisted men of company G, eighth regiment
United States Veteran volunteers, praying for
the payment to them of $100 each, being bounty
money alleged to have been lost through the
carelessness or fraud of H. G. Loring, late re-
cruiting officer, holding a commission as major
in the lifth regiment United States Veteran vol-
unteers ; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and tin: Militia.
Mr. 0LARK presented the petition of G.
M. Gyuler, widow of Charles Gouler, late a
private soldier in company F, ninth regiment
New Hampshire volunteers, who was drowned
in the Delaware river on the 24th of October,
186 4, while absent from hospital on leave, pray-
ing for a pension; which was referred to the
Committee on Pensions.
Mr. WILLIAMS presented the, petition of
KatePettit. praying for relief i'orinjuriesalleged
to have been received by her in July last while
walking on the sidewalk in the city of George- i
town. District of Columbia, in consequence of
the carelessness of the driver of a Government, j
team; which was referred to the Committee on j
Claims.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN AXD RWRRIUiD.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the petition of George D. 0. Ilibb®,
on the file? of the Scnatc.bc referred to the Committee
on Claim?.
On motion of Mr. ANTHOXY, it was
Qrdcrrd, That the petition of John liricsson.on the
felcs ot the Senate, bo referred to the Committee on i
Naval A ffairs. j
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. "RAMSEY asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a hill (S. Xo.
87) for the relief of certain volunteer officers
appointed by the President; which was read
twice by us title, and referred to the Committee
°n Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. WILoUiSi asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
88) to restrict the expenses of collecting" sol- ^
dim' claims against the Government; which I
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE tfROM THE HOUSE.
A message from tlie House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a bill (H. R. No. 1) extending the right of suf-
frage in the District of Columbia; and a bill
(EL R. No. 148) for the relief of Charles F. An-
derson j in which the concurrence of the Sen-
ate was requested.
PRINTING OF A BILL.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Ordered, That the joint resolution (S. R. No. 19) for
the relief of ceitain volunteer troops of Missouri who
served during the war be printed.
SENATOR FROM FLORIDA.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I rise to
present the certificate of the election of Hon.
William Marvin to the Senate of the United
States from the State of Florida. In doing so,
I desire to say that, personally, I have known
this gentleman for nearly thirty years ; and to
his character and high standing and loyalty to
the United States during all this struggle it gives
me great pleasure to bear testimony. His ser-
vices as a judge of the United States for the
southern district of Florida for many years are
known to the country. His abilities as a judge
in the administration of our laws and admiralty
jurisdiction are known not only to this country,
but to the world, for one of the best works ever
published upon ndmiralty jurisdiction, and which
is often quoted in the courts of England as well
as our own, was written by him. lie, sir—and
it is with great pleasure that I can say it; and
upon this point in my mind there is averygreat
distinction between the various cases—is capa-
ble and willing to take the oath which Congress
has prescribed as being necessary to be taken
by every member of either House when enter-
ing upon the discharge of legislative functions.
For myself, sir, I should be prepared at this
moment to ask that he be sworn at once 5 and if
the members of the Senate knew him as I know
him, I can hardly conceive that there would bo
any objection. But, sir, from deference to the
opinions of others who surround me, and who
desire further to look into the question which
concerns the States in which the insurrection
existed, 1 shall not make that motion at this
time, but intend to make a motion which, for
tlu; present, will dispose of this question. Be-
fore doing so, however, I desire to show the Sen-
ate what his course has been, and 1 can do it in
110 better form or clearer language than by quot-
ing what was said by him when, as provisional
governor, he was about to retire and surrender j
to the Governor-elect the administration of the
affairs of the State of Florida. On that occa-
sion he said:
"When I assumed the duties of provisional gov-
ernor m this iState, in the first, day.* of August la>t. I
lound the einl government of the SI"ate overthrown
andprostrate.and martin I Jaw everywhere prevailing,
'fins ay,is apainful, anomalous, and unnatural state of
things.
"The Constitution of the United States guaranties
to each Slate in the Union a republican form of gov-
ernment, and the^ehiet object contemplated by the
President in appointing for the State a provisional
governor, under the circumstances of the ease,was that
the latter might make such rules and regulations as
were nece^aiy to enable the people of the State to
assemble in convention, and, accepting the results of
the war, adopt such measures as wcrenccessary to re-
establish a State government, republican infoim,and
restore the natural and normal relations of the State
with the General Government.
" 1 entered upon the duties of my office with zeal
and earnestness, and notwithstanding the difficulties !
to bo encountered inconserjuenceofthetotalnbsence 1
of any mail facilities in many parts of the State, and \
very insufficient ones in others, yet tho facilities so
generously furnished me by Major General Foster. I
the commander of the military department? of tho 1
State, enabled me to distribute, through military ■
couiieis, the proclamation and poll-books lor an elec- |
tion ; and an election was held on the 10th dav of Oe- 1
tober m every county of the State for delegates to a i
convention. The convention assembled at the capi- I
to! 111 thi.« city on the 25th day of the same month, all -
the counties but two being fully represented. The 1
aggregate vote of the ate was six thousand seven I
bundled and seven, being considerably more than one j
half af the vote? usually polled at a general election j
m times of party contests, and this, too, notwithstand- 11
mg in very many counties no opposing candidates
were run. The convention, therefore, represented
the mass of the people, and the constitution adopted
and the ordinances passed by that body are founded
upon the consent of the people of tho State, regu-
larly expressed by and through their delegates duly
elected.
"The convention incorporated into the constitution
a clause declaring that 'neither slavery norinvolun-
tary servitude shall in future exist in this State, ex-
cept as a punishment for crime, whereof the party
shall have been convicted by the courts of this State,
andthatallthe inhabitants of the State, without dis-
tinction of color, are free, and shall enjoy the rights
of person and property, withoutdistinction of color;
and that in all criminal proceedings founded upon an
injury to a colored person, and in all cases affecting
the rights and remedies of colored persons, no person
shall beincompetent to testify as a witness on account
of color/ It opened the courts of-justice alike to all
persons. It repudiated the State debt contracted in
support of tho rebellion and annulled the ordinance
of secession. This action of the convention was at the
time eminently satisfactory to me, and I have reason
to believe has proved so to the President. It is under
this constitution, the fundamental law of the State,
that you''—
The Legislature whom he was addressing—
"are now assembled, and the government is being
organized. It is this constitution that you have
sworn to support."
And, Mr. President, before I leave the floor
and make the motion which I am about to sub-
mit, I desire to read also a statement made by
the Governor-elect, into whose hands the ad-
ministration of the State was then surrendered.
Governor "Walker said:
"Having spoken of tho relations which ought to
exist, and which for the most part do exist, among
the white people of the States, I now naturally come
to speak of the feelings which ought to be cherished
and the policy which ought to be pursued toward our
colored population.
"I think we are bound by every consideration of
duty, gratitude, and inteiest,to make these people as
enlightened, prosperous, and happy as their new situ-
ation will admit. Eorgenerations past they have been
our faithful, contented, and happy slaves. They have
been attached to our persons and our fortunes, sharing
with us all our feelings, rejoicing with us in our pros-
perity, mourning with us in our adversity. If there
were exceptions to this general rule, they were only
individual exceptions. Every southern man who hears
me knows that what I say is literally true in regard to
the vast mass of our colored population. The world
has never before seen such a body ol slaves. For, not
only in peace,butinwartliey have been faithfultous.
"During much of the time of the late unhappy
difficulties, Florida had a greater number of men in
the army, beyond her limits, than constituted her en-
tire voting population. This, of course, stripped many
districtsof their entirearms-bearing inhabitants, and
left our females andinfantehildren almost exclusively
to the protection of our slaves. They proved true to
their trust. Not one instance of insult, outrage, or
indignity has ever come to my knowledge. They
remained at homo and made piovisious for our army.
Many of them went with our sons to the army, and
there, too, proved their fidelity, attending them when
well, nursing and caring for them when sick and
wounded. We all know that many of them were will-
ing, and some of them anxious, to take up arms in
our cause. Although for several years within sound
of the guns of the vessels of the United States, for
six hundred miles along our sea-board, yet scarcely
ore in a thousand voluntarily left our agricultural
scrvice to take shelter and freedom under the Hag of
tho Union. It is not their fault that they are free;
thevhaclnothingto do with it; thatwas brought about
by^ 'the results and opeiations of the war.'
"But they are free. They are no longer our con-
tented and happy slaves, with an abundant supply
ot food and clothing for themselves and families, and
the intelligence of a superior race to look ahead and
make all necessary arrangements for their comfort.
They are now a discontented and unhappy people,
many of them houseless and homeless, roaming about
in gangs over the land, not, knowing one day where
the supplies for the next are to come from; exposed
to the ravages of disease and famine; e\jio&ed to the
temptations of theft and robbery, by which they are
too often overcome; without the intelligence to pro-
vide for themselves when well, or to care for them-
selves when siuk, anddoonitd to untold sufferings and
ultimate extinction unless wointervenefortheirpro-
tection and preservation. Will wo do it? I repeat,
we are bound to do it by every consideration of duty,
gratitude, and interest.
"Much has been said of late about the importation
ofwhitelaborfrom Germany, Ireland, Italy, and other
countries, andwilhpioper limitations and restrictions
I am in favor of it; but lot us always remember that
we have a laboring class of our own which is entitled
to tlmpreferenoe. Itisnotsufheienttosaythatwhite
laboi is cheaper. I trust wearenotyetsofardegraded
as to consult interestalone. But interest alone would
dictate that it is better to give these people employ-
ment, and enable them to support themselves, than
have them remain upon our hands as a. pauper race;
for here they are, and here, for weal or woe, they are
obliged to stay. We must remember that the&e black
people are, natives of this country, and have a pre-
emption right to he the recipients of whatever favors
we may have to bestow. W c must protect them, if not
against the competition, at any 1 ate against the exac-
tion? of white immigrants. They will expect our black
laborers to do as much work in this climate as tney
have been accustomed to see white ones perform m
