8296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 20,
hear that announcement, because there is a
great deal of anxiety about this matter.
Mr. PERHAM. That provision of the old
law was repealed by the act of June 6, 1866.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether the provisions of the bill which
was recommended by the committee of which
he is chairman, and which has been passed by
the House and is now a law, do not extend a
pension of equal amount to all those that he
has named, those who have lost two eyes, two
feet, two hands, &c.
Mr. PERHAM. I was just about to state
what would be an answer to that question, and
would have stated it in a few moments longer.
During the present Congress, upon an investi-
gation of the Subject, the Committee on Invalid
Pensions ascertained that there are a very large
number of persons who are equally disabled
with those who have lost both hands, or both
feet, or both eyes: for instance, persons who
had lost the use of both feet or both legs, were
excluded under the ruling of the Department,
and perhaps very properly under the law. It
was also found that there were a great many
persons who had lost neither their eyes nor
feet, who were still suffering under as severe
disabilities as any who had suffered that loss.
Therefore the committee agreed to extend the
provisions of the law in this manner. And the
bill recently passed repeals the provisions of
the old law, which provided that those who
have actually lost their feet or eyes, &c., shall
have an increase of pension, and provides in
lieu of that that those who have lost their eyes
or their feet, or the use of the same, &c.,
should have an increase of pension. And it
also extends the same pension to those whose
disability may be equivalent to such loss, leav-
ing it to the Commissioner of Pensions to de-
termine what shall be regarded as the relative
disability.
The same act also provides that those who
are under such a disability as by the old law
would entitle them to receive a pension of
twenty dollars per month, shall still receive
that pension, notwithstanding they may not
have actually lost their feet, or hands, or eyes,
provided they have lost the use of their feet or
their hands. The act also provides that in all
cases where the disability may be equivalent
to those named in this class, the same pension
shall follow.
The act also provides that in all cases where
an individual has lost one hand or one foot, or
where the disability, in the judgment of the
Commissioner, may be equivalent to that loss,
the pension shall be increased to fifteen dol-
lars per month. That increases the pension
to fifteen dollars per month of a large portion
of the eases of persons who are entitled under
the old law to eight dollars per month.
This act also extends the provisions of the
pension law to officers who were killed in ser-
vice after they were commissioned, but who
were in such kind of service, so far away from
the proper mustering officer, that it was impos-
sible for them to be properly mustered in ;
giving them a pension according to the rank
for which they were actually commissioned.
It also extends the provisions of the pension
law to soldiers who were absent on sick fur-
lough; placing them on the same footing as
those who were in camp or in the field. It also
extends the provisions of the pension law to
teamsters, wagoners, artificers, hospital stew-
ards, and all other enlisted men, however em-
ployed. It also repeals that provision of the law
■—and now I answer the question of the gentle-
man from Michigan [Mr. Trowbridge]—which
excludes pensioners who are in the civil service
from the right to draw their pensions. It also
provides that claims for pensions and pension
money shall be exempt in allcasesfrom attach-
ment or seizure. And now the committee are
of opinion that in this direction, so far as this
particular class of persons are concerned, the
pension law has been extended about as far as
it is well to extend it at the present Congress.
But there seems to be another class of per-
sons who demand our attention, another call
for the discharge of this debt of gratitude to
those heroes of the Republic, which, in the
opinion of the committee, the people, the tax-
payers of the country, will be glad to meet. I
allude to that class of widows who have large
families of children dependent upon them for
support. A young widow, in good health,
with no children dependent upon her for sup-
port, may be able to get along very well with a
pension of eight dollars per month. But for a
widow with four or five, or six or eight or more
small children dependent upon her for sup-
port, a pension of but eight dollars per month
seems to be but a very small pension, indeed;
a pension which in the opinion of the commit-
tee ought to be increased, and therefore the
committee have reported this section of the
bill, which provides an increase of pension of
two dollars per month in addition to the pen-
sion already granted to the widow, for each
child dependent upon such widow for support.
It also provides the same increase of pension
to orphan children.
And we have also reported a section, in ac-
cordance with the instructions of the House,
extending the provisions of the pension law to
those who have been in the provost marshal's
department the same as though they were in
the military service of the Government.
And now I wish to say, in regard to this sub-
ject, that, under the present law, before the
passage of the last law, our pensions amounted
to about sixteen million dollars per annum.
We are now paying, I believe, at the rate of
about eighteen million dollars per annum, a
portion of it being for back pensions ; but the
legitimate expenses of the Government for pen-
sions is about sixteen million dollars per annum.
It is estimated that the bill already passed,
and the bill now ponding, if it should pass, will
increase the amount of pensions about six
million dollars per annum, making the total
amount about twenty-two million dollars per
annum.
There is also a bill pending to pension all
the soldiers and widows of the soldiers of the
war of 1812. I ain not disposed to discuss the
merits of that bill at this time. I will only say
that if it shall pass it would increase our pen-
sions about thirteen million dollars per annum,
according to the best estimate the committee
can make. This would increase our pensions to
about thirty-five million dollars per annum.
Now, if no other member desires to say any-
thing upon this bill, I will call the previous
question.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman from Maine yield to me for a few
moments ?
Mr. PERHAM. I will.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. It will be
observed that this bill embraces two sections.
The second section provides for increasing
under certain circumstances the pensions of
widows and orphans; and that is, I think, a
very just and proper provision. The first sec-
tion, however, is of a different character, and
embraces cases such as have never before been
embraced in any pension law. I ask the Clerk
to read the first section.
The Clerk read as follows:
Be it enacted, That the provisions of the pen-
sion laws are hereby extended to and made to include
provost marshals deputy provost marshals, and en-
rolling officers who have been killed or wounded in
the dischaige of their duties; and for the purpose of
determining the amount of pension to which such
persons and their dependents shall be end.led, pro-
vost marshals shall bo ranked as captains, deputy
provost marshals as first lieutenants, and enrolling
officers as second lieutenants.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. It will be
observed, Mr. Speaker, that this section pro-
poses to give pensions to provost marshals,
deputy provostmarshals, and enrolling officers,
and ranks all of them as officers of the Army,
the provost marshals as captains and the depu-
ties as first lieutenants and the enrolling offi-
cers as second lieutenants, thus securing to
them a pension much larger than that to which
any private soldier would be entitled.
Now, sir, the truth in regard to this matter
is that there is no reason in the world why
provost marshals and deputy provost marshals
and enrolling officers should be pensioned in
preference to the home guards and thousands of
others who rendered important service. Why,
sir, there is not a locality on all the border
where the home guards and private citizens
have not shouldered arms at the risk of their
lives. But this class of officers embraced in
this section were anxious, so far as my knowl-
edge extends, to secure these positions. They
received a much larger compensation than
private soldiers—a compensation large enough
to make the securing of these offices a matter
of great competition. These men were in a
very different position from the soldiers who
volunteered or were drafted into the service.
These provost marshals, deputies, and enroll-
ing officers were not willing to go into the
field as volunteers; they staid at home and
dodged the danger. And they were, in many
cases, of most doubtful loyalty. As a general
rule—I admit that there were exceptions—I
know of no set of men who have less claim
to bo made pensioners on the bounty of the
Government.
There may be—there doubtless are—pecu-
liar cases in which a provost marshal or dep-
uty provost marshal has been wounded or
killed under circumstances entitling him or his
widow to be pensioned. But let all such pe-
culiar cases come up on their merits; let pri-
vate bills be introduced to meet any meritorious
cases of this description. A sweeping provision
like this should not, it appears to me, receive
the approval of the House.
In many parts of the country men of this
class were engaged in combinations to specu-
late on the wants of the people. In some sec-
tions on the border people could not carry their
produce to market without obtaining the eon-
sent of a provost marshal or deputy provost
marshal. These men formed combinations in
many cases to obstruct the free transportation
of produce to market. Having through their
agents blocked up the channels of commerce,
they would speculate on the misfortunes of the
farmers. This was done in Kentucky in vari-
ous instances. Farmers could not carry their
produce to Louisville without a permit from
the provost marshal or his deputy. With the
channels of ti-ade thus blockaded, combinations
were formed by these men and their agents for
the purpose of speculating on the wants of the
community. At one time a man could not go
to Louisville to buy ten pounds of coffee for
his family without obtaining the consent of the
provost marshal of the district. This was the
case all over the State of Kentucky. It seems
manifest to me that this class of men are enti-
tled to no favor such as is proposed in this bill.
Now, sir, let every ease stand upon its own
merits. Where there is an honest, faithful
officer who has been wounded and is still liv-
ing he should be pensioned. If such an officer
has been killed in the service his widow and
children should receive a pension. I know,
sir, that this bill as it now stands will include
most infamous and disloyal men, who were
engaged in speculations and were guilty of
spoliation of private property.
Mr. PERHAM. I hope the gentleman will
not take up all of my time.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I know this
matter has never been fully considered by the
House. I want to test the sense of the House
in regard to it. I feel it to be my duty to do
so. I know that members desire to do justice
to officers who are deserving, but not to pen-
sion those who are not deserving. To test the
question, I move to strike out the first section
of the bill.
Mr. PERHAM. I have the floor, and do not
yield to the gentleman to make that motion.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Has the
gentleman any objection to my moving an
amendment? My amendment is to strike out
the first section of the bill, leaving the second
section to stand as it is.
Mr. PERHAM. I cannot yield for that
purpose. In answer to what the gentleman
from Kentueky has said on this subject, I wish
