1866.
THE CQNOKESSIOML GLOBE.
The words proposed to be stricken out are
as follows:
Providfence Hospital. District of Columbia:
£ or the purpose of aiding in the erection of an ad-
ditional building to the Providence Hospital, in the
city of Washington, $30,000: Provided, That if the
said property should ever be sold or diverted from
the uses expressed in the act of Congress entitled
•ir* ^incorporate Providence Hospital, of the
city of Washington, District of Columbia/' approved
April 8, 1864, then the sum of $30,000 shall be first
-gaid out of the proceeds thereof into the United
states-Treasury to reimburse the sum hereby appro-'
pnated. 1
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence. ;
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
On page 18, after lino six, insert the following:
For tlie National Association for the relief of desti-
tute colored women and children, incorporated <uidor
an act of Congress approved February 14,1863, $5,000,
to be expended under the direction of the officers of
the association.
To enable the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to reimburse the corporation of Washington for ex-
penses incurred in improving streets and avenues
passing through and by property of the General
Government, under the third section of an act enti-
tled An act to incorporate the inhabitants of the
city of W ashmgton," passed May 15,1820, $17,245 81.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence, with an amendment strik-
ing out the first paragraph in regard to the
National Association.
The amendment was agreed to; and, as
amended, the amendment of the Senate was
concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
On page 18, strike out the following:
For contingent fund for Joint Committee on the
Library, $5,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
On pase 18, after line fourteen^ insert as follows:
For additional appropriation to be expended under
the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library
to decorate the Capitol with such works of art as may
be ordered and approved by said committee, as pro-
vided by act approved August 18,1856, $5,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Insert after the word "dollars" at the end of the
sentence in lino five hundred andtwenty-three, page
22, making an appropriation for the crection of a
fire-proof brick building for the Treasury Depart-
ment, the following:
Provided, That the Secretary of the Treasury be,
and he hereby is, authorized to remove and sell at
auction or othorwise, any portion of the presses, ma-
chinery, and apparatus employed in the Treasury
building, which, from the diminution of the volume
of business or otherwise, he may from time to time
find to be no longer required.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrcncc.
The amendment was concurred in.
The thirtieth amendment was merely verbal,
making a word plural instead of singular; and
was concurred in.
Thirty-first amendment:
Insert the following:
For compensation of surveyor general of Nevada,
$3,000.
For compensation of the clerks in his office, $5,000.
For office rent, messengers, furniture, books, fuel,
stationery, and incidental expenses of office, $8,000.
On page 2, line twenty-six, after the word. " dol-
lars," insert:
For compensation of the surveyor general of Mon-
tana, $3,000,
For compensation of clerks in his office, $5,000.
For office rent, messengers, furniture, books, fuel,
stationery, and incidental expenses of office, $8,000.
The committee recommended concurrence
in this amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirty-second amendment:
Add " and fifty," on page 21, line twenty, after the
word "hundred."
The amendment was non-concurred in in
accordance with the recommendation of the
committee.
Thirty-third amendment:
On page 21, line twenty-two, insert as follows:
Appropriations required for fulfilling treaty stipu-
lations with the Seminole nation of Indians, under
39th Cong. 1st Sbss.—No. 267.
treaty of March 21, 1866, for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1857:
For this amount, to bo paid undor the direction of
the Secretary of the Interior, to enable theSeminoles
to occupy, restore, and improve thmr farms, as per
third article treaty of March 21,1806,§80,000.
For thepurchaseof agricultural implements, seeds,
S2rn\a£? as Per third article treaty of
March 21,1866, $20,000.
For the erection of a milbas per thi*d article treaty
of March 21,1866, $15,000,
Interest on $50,000 from the date oi the ratificjttion
of the treaty, th« rate.of five per cent; per annum,
paid annually; for the supportof schools/as per
third article treaty of March 21; 1866, for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1867.'
Interest on $20,000 from the date of the ratification
of the treaty, at the rate of five per cent, per annum,
to be paid annually for the support of the Seminole
government, as per third article treaty of March 21,
1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30,1867.
For this amount to bo expended for subsisting the
Sominole Indians asper third article treaty of March
21.1866. $40,3(32.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary, to pay tho losses that may bo awarded
under tho provisions of aiticle four of treaty of
March 21,1866, as per third article of said treaty,
$50,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, to pay tho expenses of a board of com-
missioners, to be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, to investigate the losses of the loyal Semi-
nole Indians, as per fourth article treaty of March
21.1866. $720.
For the erection of agency buildings, as per sixth
article of treaty of March 21,1800, $10,000.
For this amount, or so much thereof as may bo
necessary, to enablo the Secretary of the Interior to
cause a census of each tribe to be taken, as per
fiist clausc seventh article treaty of March 21, 1866,
$2,500.
For transportation of such articles as may be pur-
chased under the direction of the Secretary of the
Interior for the Sonmiolo Indians, under treaty of
March 21,1866, for the fiscal year ending June 30,
1867, or so much thereof as may bo necessary, $12,000.
The committee recommended non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The thirty-fourth amenrlmentwas on page21,
line twenty-seven, to strike out u $1,800" and
insert " $2,500 which was non-concurred in
in accordance with the recommendation of the
committee.
The thirty-fifth amendment was on pago 22.
line fourteen, to strike out "$000" and in-
sert "$1,095;" which was non-concurred in
in accordance with the recommendation of the
committee.
The thirty-sixth amendment was on page 22,
line twenty-one, to strike out "nine" aijd in-
sert "twelve;" which was concurred in in
accordance with the recommendation of the
committee.
The amendments numbered thirty-seven to
forty-four inclusive, all being changes in
figures, were non-concurred in according to the
recommendation of the committee.
Forty-fifth amendment:
On page 22, after line ten, insert:
That so much of any moneys in the Treasury known
as the commutation fund as may be necessary bo, and
the same is hereby, appropriated for the payment to
loyal persons claiming scrvico or labor from colored
volunteers or drafted men, thcamounfcs heretoforeor
hereafter to be awarded them under tho provisions
of section twenty-four of the act entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 1 An act for enrolling and call-
ing out the national forces, andfoi other purposes,"'
approved February 24,1864-, for each person so claimed
to beheld to service or labor, who has enlistedorbecn
grafted into themilitary service of the United States;
but such payment shall in no case be made to any
person except uponsatisfactoryproof thatthe claim-
ant has firmly and faithfully maintained his or her
adhorenee and allegiance to the Government of the
United States by defendingits cause against, the gov-
ernment and forces of the so-called confederate States
of America, in all suitable and practicable ways, and
according to his or her ability and opportunity: Pro-
vided, That no money shall be paid under the tore-
going provision until the final report of the commis-
sioners under tho act aforesaid shall have been made
of all of the claims embraced under the twenty-fourth
section of the said act.
The committee recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
The forty-sixth amendment was on page 23,
to strike out after the word "dollars," in line
twenty-one, to the word "be" in line twenty-
«six; which was concurred in according to the
recommendation of the committee.
The forty-seventh amendment was on page
25, to strike out lines three to seven inclusive,
. which was concurred in according to the rec-
ommendation of the committee.
Forty-eighth amendment: '
Add the following as an additional section;
<■ *u0' -xr' further enacted, ThattheSecretatfy
of the Navy bo, and he is hereby, authorized to dis-
pose of tho property saved from tho rebel steamer
Florida, and distribute the proceeds thereof as other
prize money is required by law to be distributed.
The committee recommended noh-conetir-
rence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Forty-ninth amendment:
.Add tho following: '
Sec. —. And beit further enacted. That midshipmen
and acting midshipmen- in 'the Navy of the United
States shall be entitled to one ration, or commuta-
tion therefor. j
The committee recommended non-concur-
rence in this amendment.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Fiftieth amendment:
Add the following:
And be it further enacted, That so much of the act
approved March 3,1863, entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of tho Govern-
ment, for the year ending Juno 30,1864, and for tho
year ending tho 30th of Juno, 1863, and for other pur-
poses," as appropriates $3,750 for a minister resident
in Greece, be, and tho same is hereby, ropoaled.
The committee recommended concurrence.
Tlie amendment was concurred in.
Fiflyfirst amendment:
Add tho following:
Sicc. —. And be it further enacted. That there is
hereby appropriated for paymont of traveling ex-
penses of members of the first regiment of Michigan
cavalry from the place in Utah Territory wliere they
were mustered out of scrvico in 1861 to tho place of
their enrollment, a sum sufficient to allow to each
member $325, deducting therefrom the amount paid
to each for commutation of travel, pay, and subsist-
onco by tho Government when thus mustered out,
and that the accounts bo settled and paid under tho
direction of the Secretary of War.
The committee recommended non-concur-
roncG.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I trust the IIouso
will not follow the recommendation of the com-
mittee on this subject, and I will state tlie rea-
sons why it should not. This regiment of cav-
alry was one of the first raised in the State
during the war. It went through the regular
term of service and reenlisted as- a veteran
regiment. After the surrender of the rebel
army this regiment, for some cause, was sent
to Utah when their term of service was within
about two months of expiration. After hav-
ing been retained in the service a little more
than a year longer than their term of enlist-
ment would have held them, they were informed
in March last, by a mustering officer, that if
they would consent to be mustered out there,
at Salt Lake City, they might do so, and they
should receive commutation for transportation
homo, but if they did not thus consent they
would bo retained in the service an indefinite
length of time. All but seventy-nine, I think,
of the regiment assented to the arrangement,
were accordingly mustered out and received
commutation, the men naturally supposing that
the commutation would equal or nearly equal
at least their expenses home. But when they
came to ascertain the ratio at which commuta-
tion is estimated, they found it only furnished
them about one third the neccssary means to
get home. Many of them, however, struggled
home spending their own money, but some of
them are to-day, according to my last informa-
tion, at Salt Lake City, for want of the means
to get liomo to their families and friends. Some
of these are my own constituents and their fami-
lies need their support.
I claim that it was a palpable wrong to com-
pel these men to make their election either to
be mustered out there or to remain in the ser-
vice long after their term had expired. The
proposition of tho Senate is simply to pay them
the actual cost of getting home, and it seems
to me so plainly just that I do not feel any
further necessity of urging it, except to say,
without disparaging any other regiment, that
this first regiment of Michigan cavalry was onei
of the best that ever entered the service. At
the terrible battle of Gettysburg they made
what was pronounced by all military men one
of tlie most magnificent charges ever made by
cavalry, absolutely defeating a flank movement
