1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
,18#
THOMAS F. WILSON.
Mr. CHANDLER, I ask that the bill (S.
No. 140) for the relief of Thomas F. Wilson,
late United States consul at Baliia, Brazil, may
be taken up for the purpose of referring it to
the Committee on Commerce. A similar mo-
tion was made by the Senator from Iowa [Mr.
Grimes] when it was last considered, and that
motion is still pending. I ask that it may bo
taken up for reference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Michigan asks that Senate bill No.
146, now on the table, may be referred to the
Committee on Commerce. No objection being
made, that reference is ordered.
MILITARY ASYLUM.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 54)to amend
an act to incorporate the National Military and
Naval Asylum for the relief of totally disabled
officers and men of the volunteer forces of the
United States; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
CONDITION OF SOUTHERN STATES.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Resolved, That the joint, committee to inquire into
the condition of the States which formed the so-
called confederate States of America, ought to take
khc testimony of a reasonable number of witnesses,
whoso names may be suggested to them by tho sev-
eral persons claiming to be Senators and Representa-
tives from those States.
I ask that this resolution may be considered
now.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, it lies over.
EMMA J. IIALL.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that all
prior orders be postponed and that the Senate
take up the bill (S. No. 181) for the relief of
Emma J. Hall. It is a little pension bill and
will not take two minutes.
The motion was agreed to ; and tho bill (S.
No. 181) for the relief of Emma J. Hall was
read tho second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the Commis-
sioner of Pensions to place the name of Emma
Jane Hall, widow of Rev. Pei-ry Hall, deceased,
late a chaplain in the seventy-ninth regiment
Indiana volunteers, upon the pension roll of
that office, at the rate now prescribed by law
for officers of his lank.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There is a report
accompanying the bill which will explain it.
It is very short, and it can be read if any Sena-
tor desires it.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
IMPORTATION OF AMERICAN LUMBER.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call up a bill
reported by the Committee on Commerce a
few days ago, and which it is necessary to pass
at the present time on account of a provision
in it providing that it shall go into effect on
Saturday next. It will not occupy five min-
utes. It is a bill (H. R. No. 151) to further
secure American citizens certain privileges
under the treaty of Washington.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It provides that the produce
of the forests of the State of Maine upon the
St. John river and its tributaries, owned by
American citizens, and sawed or hewed in .the
Province of New Brunswick by American citi-
zens, (being unmanufactured in whole or in
part,) which is now admitted into the ports of
the United States free of duty, shall continue
to be so admitted under such regulations as the
Secretary of the Treasury shall from time to
time direct. This bill is to take effect from
and after the 17th of March, 1800,
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know how
you are going to identify logs?
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps I ought to say a
word in explanation of the bill, especially as my
39th Coxa. 1st Sess.—No. 87.
friend from Iowa makes an inquiry. The outlet
for the lumber upon the upper waters of the St.
J ohn is entirely through the British Provinces
from the rapids on the river, just after it enters
the British Provinces. It becomes necessary
that the lumber should be manufactured after
it reaches the Provinces. The Grand Rapids
in that river are just after it leaves the territory
of Maine and enters the British Provinces.
Under the treaty of Washington we have the
right of highway upon those waters. It is there-
fore a question of allowing the citizens of Maine
owning those lands to take their lumber down
the natural and only highway to market, it be-
ing unmanufactured, and to bring it into our
ports and in the same way as if it had not
entered the British Provinces at all.
The Senator from Iowa asks me how we arc
to distinguish between the American and British
lumber. That is a subject that was pretty fully
considered by the committee. Some of the
citizens of my own State who objected to the
bill on that ground were before the eommittcc.
The information stated to the committee was
that there would be no difficulty in doing it
under such rules and regulations as could be es-
tablished by the Treasury Department, to whom
that question is referred; and I say to the hon-
orable Senator who makes the inquiry, that tho
evidence before the committee was entirely sat-
isfactory that there would bo ho serious diffi-
culty in distinguishing between the lumber of
American manufacture and that of BritisTi
manufacture.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
RAILROAD I'T.OM PLACERVILLE.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to take up Senate
bill No. 12(5 for consideration. I beg to sayto
the Senate, in making this motion, that this is
a bill to accompany ono passed by tho Senate
the other day, which wo desire to send to the
House of Representatives for consideration at
the same time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 120) granting lands
to aid in tho construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the city of Plaeervillo, in
the State of California, to the most feasible
point of intersection with the Pacific railroad,
in the State of Nevada.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
tho bill with various amendments. The first
amendment was in scclion one, line three, after
the word "company" to insert "a corpora-
tion existing under the laws of the State of
California,'1 so that the clause will read :
That tho San Francisco and Washoe Railroad Com-
pany, a corporation existing under tho laws of the
State of Calitornia, is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to lay out, locate, tie.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of
section two, to strike out the woids " and so
forth."
Mr. CONNESS. That is merely a verbal
amendment.
The PRESIDENT .pro towpora. Those words
will be stricken out if there bo no objection.
The next amendment was in section three,
line four, after the word "said" to insert the
words "railroad and," so that it will read, " for
the purpose of aiding in the construction of
said railroad and telegraph line."
Mr. CONNESS. That is also a verbal
amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That amend-
ment will be made without a vote, being verbal.
Tho next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, in lines eight and twenty-three, to strike out
the word "oven" and insert "odd," so that
the lauds donated shall be designated by odd
numbers.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
after the word "provided," in line twenty-
four, to strike out the following words :
That all lands containing gold or silver be, and the
same are hereby, excluded from the operations of this
act; and in lieu thereof a like quantity of unoccupied
agricultural lands, in odd numbered sections nearest
to the line of said road, may bo selected as 'above
provided: And provided further.
So that the proviso will read: , -
Provided, That the said company shall be entitled
to tho timber upon sections excepted by reason of
containing gold or silver
Mr. CONNESS. I will say so far as the ex-
ception in this place of mineral lands is con?
cerned, it is found in another part of tho bill.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section three,
line thirty-eight, after the word "sections" to
insert " or any less legal subdivisionand in
the thirty-ninth line, after the word " section"'
to insert the same words, so that the clause
will read:
And provided further, That the actual settlers upon
any of said duarter sections, who have settled and
occupied for agricultural purposes upon said quarter
sections, or any legal subdivision, shall be entitled to
the timbor upon tho quarter section or any legalsub-
division so actually occupied by them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section four, to
strike out the word "ten" wherever it occurs
and insert the word "twenty."
Mr. STEWART. I liopo that amendment
will not be concurred in. I believe it was by
mistake reported as an amendment by the com-
mittee. This road will ran through a mount-
ainous c'ountry, and whenever ten miles of the
road is constructed the patents to this land
should be granted. Tho committee, so far as I
have conversed with them, are willing to let
them have the benefit of that.
Mr. POMEROY. The report of the commit-
tee was to insert "ten" instead of "twenty."
Mr. CONNESS. Tt was an error in tho
printing. I hope the Chair will put the ques-
tion on all the amendments in tho section
together, as it is to strike out the same word.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho pro-
posed amendment is to strike out the word
'' ten'' wherever it occurs and insert" twenty."
Mr. CONNESS. Let us vote that down.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. STEWART. In order to make the sec-
tion conform to the vote just taken, I move to
strike out in the third line of the fourth sec-
tion the word "twenty'' and to insert tho word
"ten."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be made to make the bill consistent.
The next amendment was in section six, line
five, to strike out the word "even" and insert
"odd."
Mr.-CONNESS. That is merely a verbal
amendment to make the bill correspond.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
tenth section in the following words:
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That said San
Francisco and Washoe railroad, or any part thereof,
shall be a post route and military railroad, subjectto
tho use of the United States ior postal, military, na-
val, and all other Government service, and also subject
to such regulations as Congress may impose restrict-
ing the charges for such Government transportation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those are
all the amendments reported by the committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to make a verbal
amendment in the fifth line of section, two.
After the word "telegraph" I move to insert
the word "line."
The amendment <was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. It was the accident
of my opportunity to have been invited to the
city of Placerville when the idea of building
this road was first suggested. I went there at
the invitation of the people of that part of tho
mountain country of my own land to maintain
what I thought in my engineering seionco to
be a true line of road, and 1 believe it was on
my'advice that the first survey was ever made
on that line. I have always thought it the bef t
lino for communication between (he bay of San
Francisco and the East. I do not care to S] >r ak
—that is not my fashion—without I have ayur-
