2338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
one of them scrambled for, gambled for by a
class of men that I will not attempt to describe,
for the English language is not yet quite copi-
ous and rich enough to describe them ade-
quately ; but let the prevailing system of pol-
itics continue for twenty years and you can get
out of our lexicographies a better description
of tliera than ever was found of any natural
curiosity yet in human language.
Much good every way will come of the adop-
tion of this amendment. In addition to secur-
ing more faithful service in these offices, you
will satisfy the country that you have got a
Legislature which does not get down on its
knees when a message is received from the
White House, which docs not take its gospel
from the President of the United States, which
does not vote the money of the people accord-
ing to his dictation, but a Legislature which
listens to the jjeople that created it, takes its
gospel from them, from them gets instruction,
to them holds itself responsible, and to their
■will is now and hereafter always amenable.
This will be gained, I think, by adopting this
amendment.
But, says the Senator from Maryland, it will
not do to urge this thing; it will not do to
press it now: we must have peace ; we are
confronting critical times; the Secretary of
State has written a letter to some one of our
foreign ministers, and it looks as though we
might have a fight; we are in danger of war;
we must have peace at home ; this division
between the President and Congress must ter-
minate. G-od hurry on that day; I am as heart-
ily anxious to see it as any man; but how shall
we bring it about? There is no man I know
to whom peace seems more desirable than to
me, but how shall we get it? How is it to be
attained? Is it only found at the White House,
and delivered in small packages done up to
order and obtained by the Congress of the
United States upon the personal application
of its different members? Is that the only
way we can got peace ? Well, I guess we had
better go without it a short lime longer. Is
it only to be obtained by our surrendering the
most manifest terms of the Constitution and
surrendering the dearest interests of the Amer-
ican people? Is peace only to bo had upon
such terms as these? I guess it would he too
expensive. We declined peace in 1861 upon
these terms. We might have had it then pre-
cisely upon these terms. If we would have
surrendered the expressed will of the Amer-
can people, abandoned their choice, subjected
them to the dictates of those men who said
there should be no peace ffntil we did that, we
might have had peace. You ean always have
peace if you will not resist what anybody will
do. If all wrong and outrage and injury be
accepted as readily and as cheerfully and as
politely and as courteously as right and justice,
you can Inn e peace. Let a man cuff you and
take it good-naturedly without contestor strug-
gle, peace remains. Turn the other cheek as
a reply (o being smote upon the one, and you
can have peace upon those terms.
But, sir, the trouble was that the American
people had not quite made up their minds to
take peace upon thoso terms. -They thought
that under this organic law they were made the
arbiters in American affairs. They thought
they had the right to send representatives here,
each State to send two to this Chamber, and
every district in each State to send one to the
Other Chamber ; and when they had them here,
they thought they had a right to be obeyed by
them. They thought they had the right to send
them here, a right conceded in this instrument
—conceded, no; that is not the word I mean to
use—secured to them in this instrument to send
men here, to do what? Their own pleasure?
The pleasure of the President? No, no ; the
pleasure of the men who sent them here, to
execute the will of their constituents. That is
what they thought. They have been cheated
into that idea, and they are not willing to give
it up ; and I think for the present we had bet-
ter indulge them in this idea, even if it be a
fallacy. The time is coming, Mr. President,
as sure as you live, when it will not be a fallacy ;
when it -will be a reality. The time is coming
when these people who have under this instru-
ment the right to send representatives here
will see to it that the representatives do.their
"will and not the .will of the President.
Notwithstanding I am as anxious as the Sen-
ator from' Maryland to have peace, I do not
see the way to it as he directs; but I know a
way to it; I know a way to peace- Let the
President of the United States recognize this
body—I do not mean this Senate, but these two
Houses—as the law-making power, and let us
recognize in him the Executive of the United
States. Then we can have peace. If he does
not discharge his duty exactly as we like, we
will not undertake to interfere with him if he
will let ns discharge our duties as we under-
stand the people who sent us here require of.
us. Then I think there is room enough in the
the United States for both the President and
the Congress to exist and to breath'e.
Sir, I cannot look back to see precisely how I
have expressed myself. If I have uttered a sen-
tence or a word which looked like a complaint
of the President for exercising the power of re-
moval, I have been a little misunderstood. I do
not want anything I have said to be interpreted
in that way. I am not the man to complain or
to whine because the President does what the
law lets him do. I said once, I think, and if
I have not said it, I say it now, that Jf I were
there I would do the same thing. I would
have my friends in these offices if you 'would
let me have them there and pay them for being
there.
I am told the President is afflicted with an
idea. I know what that disease is. I had
one myself once. I suppose he believes in it.
I can understand that the more readily because
I am in the habit of believing in nay own ideas.
I suppose he wants the American people to
accept it. That is natural. If he honestly
believes in it, he ought to desire them to ac-
cept it; but I want the American people to
acecpt my idea. No, I do not exactly ask
them to accept it—they have got it bad, and I
want them simply to hold on to it, and I do
not want them to be dragooned into letting it
go. But I am not finding fault with the Pres-
ident for doing any one thing that you let him
do. that the law permits him to do, in order to
induce the American people to accept his idea.
He himself was once, not a President, but a
legislator. He himself seems to have, on one
occasion at least, and I think on many, devel-
oped a very accurate and a very creditable
idea of the duties of a representative. On the
19th of Decembr, 1860, talking in this Cham-
ber to the American Senate, prescribing their
duty to that party who had not been victorious
in the election of 1860, but had been defeated,
and the party to which he then belonged, he
reminded them what they could do and what
they ought to do. He reminded them that Mr.
Lincoln had been clected according to the
Constitution and according to law, and said:
" I am for abiding by the Constitution, and in
abiding by it I want to maintain and retain my place
hero and put down Mr. Lincoln and drive buck his
advances upon southern institutions, ifhe designs to
ma lee any. Hare we not gntthebrakesin our hands?
Ilavewe not got the power ? Wo have. Let South
Carolina send her Senators hack; let all the Senators
eomo; and on the 4th of March next we shall have a
majority of six in this body against him. This snc-
ce^'ful sectional candidate, who is in a minority of a
million, or nearly so, on the popular vote, cannot
make ins Cabinet on the 4th of March next unless
this Senate will permit him."
That is a clause which I think has escaped
the attention of the honerable Senator from
Maryland. There is one statesman who cer-
tainly Aought the Senate had something to say
about advising the appointment of a Cabinet
minister.
"Am I to bo so great a coward as to retreat from
duty? I will stand hereand meet the encroachments
upon the institutions cf my country at the thresh old;
and as a man, as one that loves my country and my
constituents, i will $tand here and resist all encroach-
ments and advances. Here is the place to stand.
Shall I desert the citadel, and lot the enemy come in
and take possession ? No. Can Mr. Lincoln send a
foreign minister or even a consul abroad unless he
receives the sanction of the Senate ? Can he appoint
a postmaster whose salary is over a thousand dollars
a year without the consent of the Senate? Shall we
desert oar posts, shrink from our responsibilities, and
permit Mr. Lincoln to come with his cohorts, as we
consider them, from the North to carry off every-
thing? Are we so cowardly that now thatwc are
defeated, not conquered, we shall do this? Yes, wo
are defeated according to the forms of law and the
Constitution; bat the real victory is ours; the moral
force is with us."
That is the way your President talked when
he was a Senator. Do you suppose that he-
who then knew so well what belonged to the
character of an American Senator has forgotten
it now? Does he not remind us to-day of the
duty that devolves upon us? Do you think he
was prepared to cover with smiles and bland-
ishments a messenger from Mr. Lincoln ill
those times, if he had been President, or that
he will entertain any very hearty and cordial
respect for us if we do the lilce to his messen-
gers? I think not. I would rather take the
advice found here in the language of the Pres-
ident himself as a guide in discharging the
duties of a Senator on this floor, and in this
emergency, than to follow the suggestions so
persuasively urged upon us yesterday by tho
Senator from Maryland.
Mr. President, I had no idea of occupying
so much time when I rose. I want the Senate
to adopt this amendment. I think the Senate
had better adopt it as it stands. I do not care
to deny to the President the right to remove
officers for cause, but if the Senate sees fit- to
deny that, I acquiesce. The effect of this last
provision is simply to leave that power of re-
moval for cause in his hands and to deny him
the right to make removals for any other rea-
son. But either the part or the whole of this
amendment, I ask the Senate, out of respect
for itself, out of its respect for the country, out
of its regard for duty, and above all, out of re-
gard to the true meaning of the Constitution
of the United States which each of us has
sworn to support and defend, to adopt.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I think this
amendment is in bad taste, and particularly at
this time. When a proposition of this kind
was first presented I was asked if I made the
charge that it was an attempt to curtail the
President's power. I told him that I did not;
my charge was that it was carrying out the
vindictive spirit of some one in the body who
wanted to prevent particular persons from being
appointed to fill the place of certain persons
now enjoying office and emoluments after their
term should be over. But ho has amended it
now so as to deny a right heretofore conceded,
and to make it really an assailment of the power
of the President and a denial to his appointees
of the reward of office to which every man is
entitled who discharges the duties of office.
My objection to this measure is that the
question was settled in 1789, settled when a
;reat many of the men who had participated
m making the Constitution were here in Con-
gress, settled at the instance of Mr. Madison,
who, perhaps, better understood the Constitu-
tion than any one else, and who regarded the
power of removal as a power incidental to the
executive duties which the.Constitution con-
ferred upon the President. This power of
removal was acquiesced in during tho Admin-
istration of Washington. I think the Senator
from Wisconsin attributes more deference to
Washington on the part of Congress than was
felt or acted upon. However that may be, the
power was exercised by Jefferson, by Madison,
by Monroe, and by Adams, in a greater or less
degree. It has been the settled doctrine of the
Constitution since 1789 to the present time.
My objection to this species of legislation is
that it is an attempt to change tho settled con-
struction of the Constitution, which has been
acted upon and sanctioned by the American
people; it is a revolution in relation to the
appointing and removing power, a civil revo-
lution inaugurated by the members of Congress
who go back and criticiso the action of their
predecessors in coming to the resolution arrived
