4258
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
of the enemywhichwasbeingprosecuted to suc-
cess. The men have felt that it was a hardship
to be thus retained in service longer than their
term, and especially to be mustered out away
off on the frontier, compelling them each to
spend, as they have spent, about two hundred
dollars of their own money to get home. It is
a plain injustice. This proposition is simply
to pay these men what it has cost them to get
home.
Mr. .WRIGHT. Does the gentleman mean
to say that he thinks it is the duty of Congress
to pay §350,000 for transporting a regiment
from Utah to their homes?
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. The duty of the Gov-
ernment is always to return the regiment to the
point where it was mustered in.
Mr. WRIGHT. Yes; but not at such a
cost. It is too much.
Mr. STEVENS. This was a matter in ref-
erence to which wo had no information from
any of the Departments. I have no doubt that
the gentleman from Michigan [Mr. Trow-
bridge] states exactly what he believes to be
true 
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. The gentleman will
allow me to say that the facts which I have
stated are proved by evidence which I have
here, comprising a statement of the Governor
of Michigan and affidavits of a large number
of the officers and men.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman had only
asked us to concur in the statement that this
is a most gallant regiment, we should have
done'it with great pleasure, because we are all
convinced of that fact. But here is a case of
a regiment mustered out at their own choice.
They chose to be mustered out. Now, sir, there
are thousands and tens of thousands of men
who have been mustered out away from their
homes. And are we to appropriate money to
all of them in this way? At any rate the com-
mittee thought it, right that the matter should
be sent to a committee of conference, who
could examine all the facts deliberately. I
trust that we shall not vote money away in
this loose manner.
Mr. DUIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that ( attach no blame to the House for not
allowing this claim in the first instance, for the
papers in the case were not in a complete and
•satisfactory fonn. Indeed, I did not know
that the question had gone to the committee.
I will state, however, that before the Senate
committee evidence was presented substantiat-
ing all that has been stated by my colleague.
It seems to me but jnst that Congress should
pay the actual traveling expenses of this regi-
ment from that distant point where they were
discharged without being furnished with any
adequate transportation. I hope that the Ilouse
will not concur in the amendment made by our
committee, but will stand by the action of the
Senate and pay this money to the gallant regi-
ment.
MESSAGE FItOM TIIE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
disagreed to the amendment of the House to
the bill (S. No. 400) to fix the compensation of
certain collectors of customs and for other
purposes; and asked a conference with the
House on the question.
civil appropriation bill—again.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. Mr. Speaker, it has
been suggested by the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations that these men were
mustered at such a distance from their homes
by their own choice. Now, it should not be
overlooked that at that time they had served a
year beyond their term of enlistment; and I
think it pardonable in them that, after serving
that length of time beyond their enlistment,
they should wish to go home. They*were taken
this distance by the Government, where the
Government ought not to have taken them after
their term of service had expired.
compensation of collectors.
The SPEAKER stated that the Senate asked
for a committee of conference on the disagree-
ing votes on Senate bill No. 400, to fix the com-
pensation of certain collectors of customs, and
for other purposes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved that
the House insist on its amendments, and agree
to the conference asked for.
The motion was agreed to.
miscellaneous appropriations again.
The SPEAKER stated the question was on
concurring in the amendment of the Senate.
The House divided, and there were—ayes
52, noes 42.
So the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was con-
curred in ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fifty-second amendment:
Insert the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the provisions of
the act to carry into effect the treaties between the
United States and China, Japan, Siam, Persia, and
other countries, giving certain judicial powers to
ministers and consuls, or other functionaries of the
United States in those countries, and for other pur-
poses, approved June 22,1860, shall extend to Egypt;
and the consul general at Alexandria shall have the
power provided by section twenty-two of such act
for the consul general or consul residing at the cap-
ital of a country where there is no minister.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifty-third amendment i
Insert the following as a now section:
And be U further enacted. That the compensation of
each Senator, Representative, and Delegate in Con-
gress shall be $5,000 per annum, to be computed from
the first day of the present session of Congress; and,
in addition thereto, mileage at the rate of twenty
cents per mile, to be estimated by the nearest route
usually traveled ingoing to and returning from each
regular session; but nothing herein contained shall
n Hoc t mileage accounts already accrued under exist-
ing laws: Provided, That hereafter mileage accounts
of Senators shall be certified by the President of the
Senate, and tlioso of Representatives and Delegates
by the Speaker of the House of Representatives.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I want to say a word.
[Cries of "No!" "No!"] It is a matter that
affects me personally. [Cries of "Order!"]
The previous question was seconded.
Mr. AVENTWORTH and Mr. SCOFIELD
demanded the yeas and nays on ordering the
main question.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. SCOFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were not ordered.
The main question was then ordered.
Mr. WENT WORTH demanded the yeas and
nays on the motion to concur.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 3, nays 114, not voting
79; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cooper, Jenokes, and Samuel J.
Randall—3.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos R.Ashley, Baker,Banks,Barker,Baxter,Ben-
jamin, Bergen, Bidwcll, Bingham, Boutwell, Boyer,
Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom,
Dawes, Defrecs, Delano, Dixon, Donnelly, Driggs,
Dumont, Eckley.Eggleston, Eldridge, Eliot, Parns-
woith,Farquhar, Feiry, Finck. Glossbrenner, Aaron
Harding, Abncr C. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Hooper,
Hotehkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard,
James It. Hubbell, lngersoll, Johnson, Julian,Kas-
fion,Kcllcy,Kctcham,Koontz,Laflin, Latham,George
V. Lawrence, WilliamLawrence.Lc Blond, Lolhvich,
Loan, Lynch, Marshall, Marston, Maynard, McClurg,
McCullough, Mercur, Miller, Morrill, Morris, Myers,
Newell, Niblack, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Pcrham, Plants, Price. Radford. Ray-
mond, Alexander II.Rice, John H.Rice, Ritter, Rol-
lins, Ross, Sawyer, Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabargcr,
Spalding, Stevens, Stokes. Strouse, Tabor, Nelson
Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Van Aernam, BurtVan Horn, RobcrtT. Van
Horn, Ward, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams
James F.Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom. Win-
field, and Wright—114.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Brom-
well, Lackland, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke,
Cook, Culver, Darhns, Davis, Dawson, Doming, Den-
lson, Dodge, Garfield, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell,
Gnswold, Hale, Harris, Hcndorson, Higby, Hill, Ho-
gan, Holmes, Astrhel W. Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard,
Edwin N.Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones. Kel-
so, Kerr, Kuykendall, Longyear, Marviij, Mclndoe,
McKee, McRuer, Moorhcad, Moulton, Noell, Phelps,
Pike, Pomeroy, William H. Randall, Rogers, Sehenck,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilweil, Nathaniel
G. Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Upson, Warner,
Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D, Washburn, William
B. Washburn, and Woodbridge—79.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
During the vote,
Mr. JOHNSON said: Mr. Speaker, I voted
under a misapprehension of the question; and
in order that there may be no misunderstand-
ing upon the subject 1 declare that I am in
favor of increased compensation, so as to en-
able poor men to come to Congress. I vote
"no" so that the section may go to a commit-
tee of conference, and the Presiding Officers
of the two Houses may be provided for.
Several Members, for the reason assigned by
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. John-
son,] changed their votes from the affirmative
to the negative.
Mr. BIDWELL stated that his colleague,
Mr. McRuer, who was absent on account of
illness, if present, would have voted in the
negative.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the amendment was non-con-
curred in; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Fifty-fourth amendment:
Insert as follows:
And be it further enacted, That there be allowed
and paid to the officers, clerks, messengers, and em-
ployes of the Senate, and to the Librarian, assistant
librarian, messengers, and other employes of the
Congressional Library, an addition of twenty per
cent, on their present pay, to commence with the
present Congress; and the amount necessary to pay
this allowance is hereby appropriated out of any
money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence with an amendment, add-
ing the following to the amendment of the
Senate:
And to enable the Clerk of the House of Represent-
atives to execute the resolutions of the House of the
present session, to regulate the compensation of its
officers, clerks, clerks of committees, messengers, and
other employes, including the payment of the same
increased i ate of compensation fixed by resolution of
the House of June 25,1866, to those clerks, commit-
tee clerks, messengers, and employes of the House
(not including the stenographer of the Ilouse) not
provided for in said reaolution, but which is heieby
authorized, and also to the Capitol police, such sum
as may be required be, and the same is hereby, ap-
propriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
And be it further enacted, That there shall be paid
to Department officers appointed under heads of De-
partments, and to all chief clerks, principal clerks,
and clerks of the first, second, third, and fourth
classes, whp shall be in the service of either of the
Executive departments or bureaus of the Govern-
ment at Washington, including the foreman and
clerks in the Government Printing Office, on the day
of the approval of this act, and who shall also have
been insuchscrvicefornot less than six months prior
thereto, an amount equal to twenty per cent, re-
spectively on the amount of regular salary affixed to
their respective appointments: Provided, That in ad-
justing and paying the same there shall be deducted
the sum which shall have been paid to the benefici-
aries since the 1st day of July, 1865, out of any sum
appropriated by Congress for extra allowance to offi-
cers and clerks in any Department; and only the de-
ficiency, if any, in such cases shall be allowed and
paidtosuchbeneficiarien: Andprovidedfuither, That
when anysuch salary shall have been increased since
July 1,1865, such increase shall bedeductcd from the
amounthereby allowed; and the sum requisite to pay
the same is hereby appropriated out of any money in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to submit
an amendment to the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations. I noticed from the
reading of their amendment that the clerks in
the Agricultural Department are not included.
I presume that is an oversight of the committee.
Mr. KASSON. They are included in the
amendment of the committee. It says ex-
pressly "of the Departments and bureaus."
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The Agricultural
Department is not an Executive Department,
nor is it a bureau in any Executive Department.
The statute describes certain Executive Depart-
ments, but that is not one of them. I move
