1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3299
granting lands to the Northern Pacific rail-
road, which has not enabled them to begin,
much less complete, the construction of that
road ? I insist on the amendment to strike out
"within twenty miles of said road." To let
the words remain would be unjust to the com-
pany, and would defeat the object of this bill.
Mr. KASSON. I shall speak 011 this amend-
ment as it is.
Mr. BID WELL. This is our last morning
hour, and I hope the gentleman will not take
up all of the time.
Mr. KASSON. The second section is the
one which makes the grant to this railroad
company of every alternate section of public
land designated by odd nnmbors, to the amount,
of ten sections per mile on each side "of said
railroad, and contiguous thereto; and when
any of said sections or parts of sections shall
be found to have been granted, sold, reserved,
occupied by homestead settlers, preempted, or
otherwise disposed of, other lands, designated
as aforesaid, shall be selected by said compa-
nies in lieu thereof, within twenty miles of said
road, under the direction of the Secretary of
the Interior. It grants ten square miles of
land for each mile of railroad. They are lim-
ited to twenty miles on each side of the road,
which makes forty miles as the range within
which they may go. They have this range all
over the public lands. If this clause be struck
out, I repeat, then there will be no limit in that
entire section to prevent them from going all
over the State.
Subsequently the bill provides that for two
hundred miles of said road, most mountainous
and difficult of construction, the lands to be
granted shall be double the amount per mile
hereinbefore provided, designated as herein-
before provided, to be selected as the Secre-
tary of the Interior may direct. Thus there
is no limit at all for those two hundred miles
as to where those lands shall be selected. It
is an entire float.
As the gentleman limits me, I merely men-
tion this point to show what precedent it estab-
lishes. It should be referred to a committee
to inquire into it.
Mr. BIDWELL. We have inquired into it,
we have inquired around it, up and down, cross-
wise, and in every other direction. If you do
not strike out these words the road cannot be
built. It is provided where the road is rugged,
rough, mountainous, for two hundred miles,
the lands granted shall be doubled. I only
want them selected as they were authorized in
the bill for the Northern Pacific railroad. I
do not desire to have anymore included in this
bill. When you give us every alternate sec-
tion of land within certain limits designated by
odd numbers, if they are all taken up by home-
stead claims, 01- are otherwise disposed of, we
desire leave to select other sections designated
by odd numbers. If we arc to be told we may
go to places where there are no public lands,
it amounts to saying that we will pay a man
from the money in our hands when there is no
money in our hands. Why, sir, the line of this
road has been settled for sixteen years, and
every available acre of good land has been
occupied. You wish to restrict us within limits
where there are no public lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I came into the House just as the bill was le-
ceived yesterday in the morning hour, and I
have had time only to look over one or two
sections. I should like to have some explana-
1 ion in regard to the first section. It is a depart-
ure from the principle heretofore observed in
granting these lands to a company directly. Is
there anything to qualify that?
Mr. PRICE. This House two years ago
granted lands to a company direetiy.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I know
at the last Congress we voted away every acre
of the public land we could get at, and I hope
we will not indorse any departure then made
from the previously established principle in
reference to these railroad grants. If we make
any grant of land it should be to the States and
not to the companies, and my friend will not
insist on passing a grant of one hundred thou-
sand acres to this company without full con-
sideration.
Mr. BIDWELL. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois that this is the last day
the committee have.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
know that that makes any difference. I think
the House ought to have sufficient time to con-
sider all of these matters. The bill can go over
and be upon the Calendar. I do not see the
necessity of pressing the measure. It is a mere
donation. We are the parties who are to make
the gift, and letus take time to consider whether
it is proper or not.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am one of the parties
to this gift. I was in that country before it
belonged to the United States and helped to
acquire it. It is a barren and rugged country.
The State of California asks for this. I ask
the Clerk to read the resolution of the State
Legislature of California of 18t)3, and I think
I could present resolutions from every Legis-
lature for the last six, eight, or ten years, if I
had the Statutes of the State here.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Whereas there having been a company organ-
ised in this State and another in Oiegon, both having
tor their olyoct the construction of a railroad from
Marysville, California, to Portland, Oregon, and said
companies having jointly completed a survey which
demonstrated the practicability of such aline of rail-
road, and believing that such a road, linking itself
with tho great Pacific railway, is necessary for the
more rapid development of the resources of this coast,
and as a means for the prompt defense of our inte-
rior by the rapid concentration of troops and mili-
tary supplies in case of foreign war or domestio insur-
rection : Therefore,
" Be it rewlved bit the Senate of California, (the As-
sembly concurring,) That ourSenators in Congress bo
instructed, and our Representatives requested, to use
their influence to procure the early passage of a law
granting national assistance, in right of way, grant
of land, and bonds to the companies about to under-
take the construction of said California and Oregon
railroad, in the same manner as aid has heretofore
been extended to tho Contral Pacific Kaiiroad Com-
pany."
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask the Clerk to read
also the resolution of tho Legislature of Ore-
gon.
'The Clerk read as follows :
"Rezohcdby the Home, {the Sen ate concurring,) That
our Sonntou and Representatives in Congress be
requested to use their influence to obtain from tho
United States grants of land, floating land-warrants,
or direct pecuniary aid equal to such grants made to
any other State, to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from the north line of the State of California,
through the Willamette valley, to some point on the
Columbia river: and also to obtain the same aid, in
proportion to distance, as is granted to the overland
railroad, for the purpose of constructing a branehof
said road from a point at or near Salt Lake City,
through Idaho, to and down tho Columbia river."
Mr. STEVENS. If I understand aright the
motion of the gentleman from California, it
is to strike out the restraining clause which
was inserted by tho committee, to confine the
company to lands within twenty miles on each
side of the road. Now, sir, that is the princi-
ple which we have adopted, and which the
committee have laid down.
Mr. BIDWELL. Let the gentleman, then,
move an amendment. He is mistaken as to
the provisions of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sir; the bill allows
them to go beyond the twenty miles.
Mr. BIDWELL. I am willing that the bill
shall be modified so as to limit it just as the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company was lim-
ited.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand this grant to
be unlimited. It is not proposed that they shall
be restricted to twenty miles. That is the
usual provision. Does the gentleman propose
to enlarge it?
Mr. BIDWELL. No, sir. I will state to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania that these
sections are to be selected within twenty miles
of the road. Now, sir, the line of this road
has been settled for sixteen years. Every val-
uable section has been taken up. We only ask
to be permitted to take up the other lands
within twenty miles of the road.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman, then,
proposes to get these lands beyond the usual
limits.
Mr. BIDWELL. Ten miles beyond; they
can only go that distance.
Mr. STEVEJNS. Then the limit is fixed
beyond twenty miles. The motion is to strike
that out. I cannot vote for that motion, for
this reason: there may be other railroads
desiring lands in that portion of the country,
and if you allow one road to absorb all the
land, you will cut off all others. Now, sir, I do
not object, as some of my friends do, to giving
land to railroad eompaniss. We have hereto-
fore given it to companies instead of States.
We gave it to Illinois and to other States, and
I cannot see why Congress eannotgiveit direetiy
to the company as well as to the State. We can
judge of the matter as well as the State Legis-
latures can. They have Representatives here.
But, sir, the public lands are given now to
whoever chooses to take them; we do not pro-
pose to sell a dollar's worth of public land; if
the people choose to settle on the public lands
we do not charge them a cent. 1 object de-
cidedly to the taking off of this restriction upon
tho railroad company so as to enable them to
go, in the selection of their lands, beyond the
usual limit.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will modify my amend-
ment so as to make it coaform to the provision
made in the North Pacific railroad, which I
read a few moments ago. 1 move to strike
out the word "twenty," in line thirteen, and
insert "thirty," so as to give the company ten
miles more.
Tho question was put; -and there were—
ayes 27, noes 85; 110 quorum voting.
Mr. BIDWELL demanded tellers.
'Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Bidwell
and Marshall were appointed.
The House divided; and the tellers reported
—ayes nineteen, noes not counted.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I rise to
a question of order. I desire to know if I can
make a motion similar to the motion made
yesterday, in reference to two bills of a similar
character, namely, to refer the bill to the Com-
mittee 011 Public Lands. It seems to me that
there should not be two policies in reference to
this question. This bill docs not differ in any
respect—except that it is a larger bill and more
sweeping 111 its character—from those which
were referred yesterday to the Committee on
Public Lands. It seems to me about time that
Congress should cease this indiscriminate dis-
tribution of the public lands ; and if it be not
inappropriate, 1 would also add that it is about
time that Congress ceased this reckless expen-
diture of the public money.
Mr. BIDWELL. I must make a point of
order on the gentleman.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well,
then, I submit my motion to recommit.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
California yields for that purpose the motion
can be entertained.
Mr..BIDWELL. I do not yield for that
purpose.
I desire to make one further remark in ref-
erence to this measure. If it be the determi-
nation of Congress to refuse to encourage the
building of railroads upon the Pacific coast,
after it has encouraged the building of them in
all the western States, and to make an unjust
discrimination against us, then I desire to know
it. I believe that if the members of the House
understood tho merits of this bill there would
be 110 trouble ; but for some strange reason it
is impossible to have them understand it. The
bill has been pending for more than four
months, and if there is anything wrong in it I
do not wish them to vote for it.
The land which it grants is of 110 earthly
value to the United States without such a road
as this ; and if it should ever have any value,
it will be because of the building of this road.
If gentlemen wish to stop the development of
the resources of that country, 1 wish to know
it. There never has been a, railroad bill in-
troduced into this or any other Congress with
greater safeguards than are thrown around this
bill. There never has been a grant of lands
