1'866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4259
to amend the amendment so as to include the
Agricultural Department clerks and employes.
Mr. BAD FORD. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Kasson}] whether
the employes of the book-folding room are in-
cluded in the amendment of the Committee on
Appropriations.
Mr. KASSON. They are embraced under
the head of " employes of the House." I
now call the previous question on the amend-
ment.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The amendment of Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,
to the amendment of the Committee on Appro-
priations was agreed to.
The amendment of the committee, as amend-
ed, was agreed to; and the amendment of the
Senate, as amended, was then concurred in.
Fifty-fifth amendment:
Insert the following:
The sum of $8,000 is hereby appropriated out of
any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropri-
ated for the preservation of the harbor of Province-
town, Massachusetts, the samo to be expended under
the supervision of a commission or board of officers
to be appointed by the Secretary of War.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
t Mr. STEVENS. In pursuance of the instruc-
tions of the House, I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to move the amend-
ment which I send to the Clerk's desk to the
last amendment of the Senate concurred in by
the House.
The amendment was read, as follows:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That instead of
any grant of land or other bounty there shall be
allowed and paid to each and every soldier, sailor,
and marin e who faithfully served as such in the Army,
Navy, or Marine corps of the United States, and who
has been or may hereafter be honorably discharged
from such service, the sum of eight and one third
dollars per month, or at the rate of $100 per year, as
hereinafter provided, for all the time during which
such soldier, sailor, or marine actually so served,
between the 12th day of April, 1861, and the 19th day
of April, 1865. And in the case of any such soldier,
sailor, or marine, discharged from the service on ac-
count of wounds received in battle, or while engaged
in the line of his duty, the said allowance of bounty
shall be computed and paid up to the end of the term
of service for which his enlistment was made. And
in case of the death of any such soldier, sailor, or
marine, while in the service, or in case of his death
after the discharge and before the end of his term of
enlistment, ifdischarged on account of being wounded,
as provided, the allowance and paymentshallbe made
to his widow if she has not been remarried, or if there
bo no widow, then to the minor child or children of the
deceased who may be under sixteen years of age.
Sec.—. And be it further exacted, That in comput-
ing and asccrtaing the bounty to be paid to any sol-
dier, sailor, or marine, or his proper representatives,
under the provisions of this act, there shall be de-
ducted therefrom any and all bounties already paid,
or payable under existing laws, by the United States,
or by any State, county, city, town, or other muni-
cipal organization, or by any voluntary association, so
that in no case shall the aggregateamount of bounty
allowed and paid from all sources exceed eight and
one third dollars for each month of actual faithful
service, or at the rate of$100 peryear. And in the case
of any sailor or marine to whom prize money has been
paid, oris payable, the amount of such prize money
shall alsobededucted, and only such amount of bounty
paid as shall, together with such prize money andany
other bounty paid or payable by the United States,
or by any State, county, city, town, or other muni-
cipal organization, or by any voluntary association,
amount in the aggregate to the sum allowed by this
act.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That no bounty,
under the provisions of this act, shall be paid to or
on account of any soldier, sailor, or marine who
served as a substitute in either ttoe Army or Navy,
or who was a captured prisoner ot war at the time of
his enlistment, nor to any one who was dischai'ged
on his own application or request, prior to the Oth
day of April, 1865, unless such discharge was obtained
with a view to reenlistment, or to accept promotion
in the military or naval scvvicc of the United States,
or to be transferred from one branch of the military
service to another, and who did actually enlist or ac-
cept promotion or was so transferred. And no bounty
shall be paid to any soldier, sailor, or marine, dis-
charged on the application or at the request of par-
ents, guardians, or other persons, or on the ground
of minority.
Seo. —. And be it further enacted. That every peti-
tion or application for bounty made under the pro-
visions of this act shall disclose and state specifically
under oath, and under the pains and penalties of
pe*jury, what amount of bounty, either from the
United States or from any other source, and what
amount of prize money, if any, has been paid or is
payable to the soldier, sailor, or marine, by whom or
by whose representatives the claim is made.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That whenever
application shall be made by any claimant, through
any attorney or agent, the post office of tffe claimant
shall be furnished, giving the name of the county and
State in which it is situated, and the amount of com-
mission orfee which the attorney or agent is to receive
for his service in the settlement of the claim, which
charges inno caseshallexeeedthesumoffivedollars;
and every such application shall be accompanied by
the written affidavit of the attorney or agent, that he
has not charged, nor agreed for, and will not accept
more than such sum of fivedollars for his services in
the case. The Paymaster General, 'or proper ac-
counting officer of the Treasury, upon ascertaining
theamount due, shallcause tobe transmitted to sucK
claimant the full amount thereof, less the fee to bo
paid to the attorney or agent, which fee shall be paid
to the said attorney or agentin person, ortransmitted
to such address as the attorney may direct.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That any attor-
ney or agent who shall receive from any claimant a
sum greater than five dollars for the prosecution of
any claim under the provisions of this act, upon con-
viction thereof shall pay a fine not to cxceed the sum
of $1,000, or imprisonment for a term not less than
oneyear, or both, as the court or jury may adjudgo,
and shall be forever thereafter excluded from prose-
cuting claims of any nature whatever against the
Government of the United States.
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That in case the
payments shall be made i n the form of a check, order,
or draft, upon any paymaster, national bank, or Gov-
ernment depository in or near the district wherein
the claimant may reside, it shall be necessary for the
claimant to establish, by the affidavits of two credi-
ble witnesses, that he is the identical person named
therein; but in no case shall such chocks, orders, or
drafts be made negotiable until after such identifica-
tion.
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That it shall not
be lawful for any soldier, sailor, or marine to transfer,
assign, barter, or sell his discharge, final statoinent,
descriptive list, or other papers, for tho purpose of
transferring, assigning, bartering, or selling any in-
terest in any bounty under the provisions of this act;
and all such transfers, assignments, barters, or sales
heretofore made aie hereby declared null and void
as to any rights intended so to be conveyed by any
such soldier, sailor, or marine.
Sec.—.And be it further enacted, That no adjust-
ment or payment of any claim of any soldior, sailor,
or marine, or of his proper representatives, under
the provisions of this act, shall be made unless the
application be filed within two years fromthepassage
of the act,; and the settlement of accounts ofdeeensed
soldiers, sailors, and marines shall bo made in the
same manner as now provided by law.
Mr. STEVENS. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Conklixg,] who
desires to move an amendment to the amend-
ment of the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to amend the
amendment of the Committee on Appropria-
tions by striking out the second section of the
amendment, as follows:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That in com-
puting and ascertaining thebounty to bo paid to any
soldier, sailor, or marine, or his proper representa-
tives, under the provisions of this act, there shall
be deducted therefrom any and all bounties already
paid or payable under existing laws, by the United
States, or by any State, county, city, town, or other
municipal organization, or by any voluntary associa-
tion, so that in no case shall the aggregate amount of
bounty allowed and paid from all sources excecd
eight and one third dollars for each month of actual
faithful service, or at the rate of #100 per year. And
in the case of any sailor or marine to whom prize
money has been paid, or is payable, the amount of
such prize money shall also be deducted, and only
such amount of bounty paid as shall, together with
such prize money and any other bounty paid or paya-
ble by the United States, or by any State, county,
city, town, or other municipal organization, or by
any voluntary association, amount in the aggregate
to the sum allowed by this act.
Also amend the third section of the amend-
ment by striking out the words " nor to any one
who was discharged on his own application or
request, prior to the 9th day of April, 18G5, un-
less such discharge was obtained with a view
to reenlistment, or to accept promotion in the
military or naval service of the United States,
or to be transferred from one branch of the
military service to another, and who did actu-
ally enlist or accept promotion or was so trans-
ferred;" so that the section will read :
Sec.—. And be it further enacted. That no bounty,
under the provisions of this act, shall bo paid to or
on account. of any soldier, sailor, or marine who
served as a substitute in either the Army or .Navy,
or who was a captured prisoner of war at tho time of
his enlistment. And no bounty shall bo paid to any
soldier, sailor, or marine, discharged on the applica-
tion or at the request of parents, guardians, or other
persons, or on the ground of minority.
The question was upon the amendment of
Mr. Conkling to the amendment reported by
the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. SCHENCK. I rise to a question of
order. I do not know whether there is any-
thing in it, but I will submit it to the Chair.
The House instructed the Committee on Ap-
propriations to add to this civil appropriation
bill the bounty bill as it passed the House
after full discussion and consideration. Tho
committee, in accordance with those instruc-
tions, have added that bill by way of amend-
ment. I now raise the point of order that it
is not competent to vary from that by proceed-
ing to amend what the House has ordered to
be put into the bill. The order of the House
to the Committee on Appropriations, to put
the bounty bill on this appropriation bill, ia
the same as if the House had put it on by direct
vote. It is therefore not competent to strike
out any portion of that which the House has
inserted.
The SPEAKER. The instructions of the
House to the Committee on Appropriations
were to l-eport back the bounty bill in the posi-
tion of an amendment to this bill, the same as
though it had been an amendment of the Sen-
ate, being still open to amendment the same as
the Senate amendment, with this exception: the
bounty bill amendment, occupying necessarily
the place of an amendment to a Senate amend-
ment, is open to amendment only in one de-
gree. Tho bounty bill and the Senate amend-
ments were all referred to the Committee on
Appropriations; if the one cannot be amended
when reported back to tho House neither can
the other.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from Mis-
souri [Mr. Benjamin] desires tooffer an amend-
ment. I will yield to him for that purpose,
and then I will call the previous question.
Mr. BENJAMIN. I move to further amend
the third section of the amendment of the
Committee on Appropriations by adding thereto
the following:
Provided, That troops known as home guards, or
other volunteer troops organized for local service,
which are now excluded from bounties by the rulings
of the War Department or under tho terms of their
enlistment, shall not participate in the bounties pro-
vided by this act or any part thereof; hut this exclu-
sion shall not apply to those voluntarily legalized as
mustered into the three years' servico of tho Uni-
ted States under an act making an appropriation
for completing tho defenses of AVashington, and for
other purposes, approved February 13, 1802.
The SPEAKER. There is already pending
an amendment to an amendment. No further
amendment is in order except by unanimous
consent.
Mr. JOHNSON. I must object to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Missouri [Mr.
Benjamin] unless the Pennsylvania militia are
included.
Mr. STEVENS. I now call tho previous
question on tho bill and amendments.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
message fkom tiib senate.
A message from tho Senate, by Mr. Fobney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed, without amendment, House
bills and a joint resolution of the following
titles:
A bill (IT. R. No. 597) to authorize the use
of the metric system of wights and measures ;
A bill (H. R. No. 597) to authorize the use in
the post officcs of weights of the denomination
of grams; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) to author-
ize the Secretary of the 'Treasury to furnish to
each State one set of tho standard weights and
measures of the metric system.
civil appropriation bill again.
The pending question was upon the amend
ment of Mr. Conkling to the amendment of
the Committee on Appropriations, upon which,
the previous question having been seconded,
Mr. Stevens was entitled to the floor.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Conkling.]
Mr. CONKLING. If I can get the atten-
tion of the House a few moments, T will en-
deavor to state in a very few words the object
of my amendment. I shall not begin by pre-
tending at great length the regard I haye for
the soldiers and sailors of the Republic. I
assume, for this purpose, that all men and all
