1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2839
at in 1789, and it is done obviously and clearly
because these gentlemen do not agree that the
President shall not have the power of removing
certain men who support them and their meas-
ures in opposition to him. We all know that
there are very few of them who, when they
come to make a speech, can deny it.
I am very sorry for the difference that has
grown up between the President and. Congress
upon the subject of reconstruction. I was pre-
pared to take the President's recommenda-
tions. I was disposed to consider that the
result of the battle-field had given us full and
fair guarantees. From the action of those States
in electing Legislatures and changing their con-
stitutions ; from their sending representatives
to the Senate and to the other House and ask-
ing admission into these Halls, I was disposed
to take them on the credit of the acts they had
done; to take them as sincere men ; to take
them as our generals on the field were prepared
to take them, and forget and forgive the past.
1 believed we could do more with them for the
Union and for the prosperity of this nation
while they were in this body and consulting
with us, and in the daily performance of acts
of kindness toward each other and to our re-
spective sections, than we could do by keeping
them out and abusing them and declaring a
distrust of them. I still think it would have
been better if we could have come together and.
agreed. I charge no man with willfully doing
these things to keep them out, and to keep
them in a conquered position ; but I know that
is the deliberate opinion of the gentleman who
last spoke that we should do so, for he pro-
posed to put them under territorial govern-
ments and to provide from the Treasury of
the United States for the expense of maintain-
ing territorial governments for the people of
these eleven States. I have no doubt he is
sincere in his opposition to the policy of the
President and in his desire to curtail the Pres-
ident's power; but I was glad to hear him say
that if he was President of the United States
he would exercise this power which all Presi-
dents have exercised. I do not believe he
loves his enemies any better than he loves his
friends; and he has said that he would stand
by his friends.
I am unwilling to change by vote of mine
or to sanction a change of the construction of
the Constitution in this particular as it has
existed ever since the days of Washington
and has been exercised by all the Presidents.
There may be dangers, there may be incon-
veniences in adhering to it; but I believe this
Government cannot be carried on successfully
and advantageously without the' power of re-
moval being invested in the Executive. I
believe (die power of Congress and public sen-
timent will always restrain the Executive in
the direction in which he ought to be restrained.
I advise and counsel no unjust or improper
deference to the President; but I do advise that
we will let the landmarks settled by our fathers
and adhered to by all succeeding Administra-
tions stand where we found them. I do not
want to put it in the power of the President to
say that Congress is making war upon him by
denying to him a power that all the Presidents
of the United States have exercised, or curtail-
ing it as far as possible.
1 have no doubt that Congress could have
passed a law authorizing the President to fill
any -vacancies that might occur, and then it
would have been proper to let it go on as it
has gone on without law upon the assumption
that it came within the class of cases enumer-
ated in the Constitution.
I shall vote against the amendment because
I am unwilling to change the settled construc-
tion of the Constitution in this particular. I
am not willing to set the precedent of making
war upon the President and curtailing a power
that lias been exercised by all the Presidents of
the United States in a greater or less degree.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Harris
in the chair.) The question is on the amend-
ment offered by the Senator from Illinois, on
which the yeas and nays have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Cormess, Creswell, Harris,
Henderson, Howard. Howe, lvirkwood, Morrill) Nye,
Poland. Pomeroy, Ramsey, Sprague, .Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—19.
NAYS —Messrs. Davis, Dixon, Doolittlc, Fessen-
den, Guthrie, Johnson, Morgan, Salisbury, Sher-
man, Van Winkle, and'Willey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Buckalew,
Chandler, Cowan, Cragin, Edmunds, Foster, Grimes,
Hendricks, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas,
McDougall, Nesmith, Norton, Riddle, Stewart,
Wright, and Yates—19.
Mr. WADE. I offer an amendment, to add
the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted. That all adver-
tising, notices, and proposals for contracts for the
Post Office Department, and all advertising,notices,
and proposals for contracts tor all the Executive De-
partments of the Government required by law to bo
published in the city of Washington, shall hereafter
be advertised by publication in the two daily news-
papers in the city of Washington having the largest
circulation, and in no others: Provided, That the
charges for such publicationsshallnot be higher than
such as are paid by individuals for advertising in
said papers: And provided aho. That the same pub-
lications shall be made in each of said papers equally
as to frequency, and that the circulation of su.-h pa-
pers shall be determined upon the 10th day of June
annually: and the publishers of all papers competing
for such advertising shall furnish a sworn statement of
their bona, fide paid circulation of each regular issuo
for the preceding three months; and shall in like man-
ner certify under oath that such circulation has not,
during the said three months, been increased by any
gratuitous circulation, by a reduction in price below
the ordinary and usual price of such papers, or by
any other means, for the purpose of obtaining the
official advertising: Provided, That the charge for
sueh adverti ng shall not be greater than is paid for
the same publication in other cities, or at a higher
rate than is paid by individuals for like advertising.
Mr. JOHNSON. What is the law now?
Mr. WADE. I suppose the object of this
advertising is to give the widest circulation pos-
sible to these contracts, so as to create compe-
tition for them. The law as it now stands, and
which this amendment seeks to modify, is the
following section in the naval appropriation
bill, approved March 3, 1845 :
"Sec. 12. Andbe it further enacted, That in all eases
where pioposals lor any contract or contracts, to bo
made by any of the Executive Departments or bu-
reaus, and in all cases where notices of any descrip-
tion, issuing from the same, are now required by law
to be advertised, the same shall be advertised by
publication in the two newspapers in the city of
Washington having the largest permanent subscrip-
tion, and at the discretion of the Executive in any
third paper that may be published in said city : Pro-
vided, That the charges for such publications shall
not be higher than such as are paid by individuals
for advertising in said papers: And provided also,
That the same publications shall bo made in each
of said papers equally, as to frequency."
The present law, after providing very care-
fully for selecting the two papers that have the
largest subscription, leaves it at the option of
the President to take a third paper, without
any regard whatever to its circulation, which
really destroys the efficacy and symmetry of
the law entirely, and is inconsistent with its
provisions. The object being, as I said before,
as I suppose, to gh e the widest circulation pos-
sible to these notices, when the law provided
that they should be published in the two papers
having the largest circulation, it was entirely
inconsistent with that proposition then to say
that the President, without, any regard to its
circulation, might, at his discretion, take any
third paper. The object of the amendment is
to correct that, and to have the advertising
done in the papers of the very widest circula-
tion. The old law was not properly guarded
to secure that. This amendment requires that
affidavits shall be made as to the amount of
the circulation, so as to secure honesty in the
calculation, and to see that the law is not evaded.
That is all there is to it.
Mr. CONNESS. As this amendment was
originally introduced by the honorable Senator
from Ohio it proposed to repeal an existing
section of law, and would also, without his
intention, repeal another section of the exist-
ing law necessary to be in existence ; and the
attention of the "Department was particularly '
directed to what the effect of the amendment
as originally prepared would be. The amend-
ment, as proposed now by the Senater. has been
reconstructed so as to avoid that difficulty, so
as to make it acceptable and not obnc xious in
that regard.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my colleague
if this amendment places the advertisements in
Washington on the same footing in which they
are placed in other cities where they are re-
quired by law to be made.
Mr. WADE. I understand it to be so. I
am told by those that know better than I do
that it is the same.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not wish to make
any discrimination for or against the papers
here.
Mr. WADE. I think it will not.
Mr. CONNESS. This places it on the high-
est public ground.
Mr. SHERMAN. It puts them in the same
position as papers published in other cities, as
I understand.
Mr. CONNESS. I think it docs.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I have only one remark
to make on this proposition, and it is simply
this: during the last Administration it was not
found necessary, on grounds of public policy
or otherwise, to propose any such amendment
to the Post Office appropriation bill as is now
proposed ; it was not found necessary during
the Administration preceding that; and I do
not know what necessity exists now, under the
present Administration, for making such a
proposition greater than existed under preced-
ing Administrations. Perhaps, however, the
country will be able to understand it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Ohio.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I ask for the yeas and
nays upon it.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The amendment was adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. I propose the following
amendment to come in at the end of the first
section:
To enable the Superintendent of the Naval Observ-
atory to carry out the object of tho Senate resolution
of March 19,1800. for report of Isthmus routes to the
Pacific ocean, $1,500.
I will simply say, in explanation of this
amendment, that the Senate passed a resolu-
tion calling upon the Superintendent of the
Naval Observatory to furnish a report upon
the data in possession of that office relating to
the Isthmus routes for the purpose of the con-
struction of a canal for commercial uses. It is
found by the Navy Department, that there is
no appropriation from which the expenditures
necessary in making that report can bo drawn.
They are required to furnish maps and lines of
levels, &c., requiring a good deal of work. It
has also been found by Rear Admiral^Davis,
who has charge of the Observatory, since he
entered upon the work that a large mass of
the most important matter, facts of great pub-
lic importance and consequence, are in posses-
sion of the office. Since the introduction of
the resolution there has been sent to me by
Mr. Squier, our former minister to Central
America, a very large mass of important mat-
ter connected with this subject._ much of it
obtained from British sources, which has been
forwarded to that office.
I will also say now, in connection with this
matter, that it is a subject in which many of
the leading men of the country arc taking a
very deep interest, including Lieutenant Gen-
eral Grant. It is proposed further to follow
this up with a survey to be made during the
next winter. The encouragement that the
parties engaged, including the Superintendent
of the Naval Observatory, have met, with since
they have begun their observations point to
very great success in the inve-ligatioiM pro-
posed and being carried out. There is no
opportunity to obtain this slight appropriation
in any other way than by a separate resolution,
except by an amendment to one of the appro-
priation bi'ls, and it was deemed fit to pro-
pose it to this bill. It is offered with the con-
currence of the Committee on Post Offices and
Poet Roads.
