316
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
sioner for each of the States declared to be in insur-
rection, not exceeding ten in number, who shall,
under the direction of the Commissioner, aid in the
execution of the provisions of this act."
The commissioners may be appointed trader
the original law for each of the States that have
been declared to be in a state of insurrection.
The President and the bureau had no power to
send commissioners into any State except a
State that had been declared to be in a condi-
tion of insurrection. Now, what are the pro-
visions of the bill before the Senate?
That the act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Freedmen and Refugees, approved March 3,1865, shall
continue in force until otherwise provided by law, and
•shall extend to refugees and frecdmen in all parts of
the United States; and the President may divide the
section of country containing such refugees and freed-
men into districts, each containing one or more Stales,
not to exceed twelve in number.
The old law allowed the President to appoint
a commissioner for each of the States that had
been declared to be in rebellion, one for each,
of the eleven seceding Slates, not to exceed ten
in all. This bill provides that the jurisdiction
of the bureau shall extend wherever within the
limits of the United States refugees or freed-
men have gone. Indiana has not been a State
in insurrection, and yet there are thousands of
refugees and freedmen who have gone into that
State within the last three years. This bureau
is to become a governing power over the State
of Indiana according to-the provisions of the
bill. Indiana, that provides for her own paupers,
Indiana, that provides for the government of
her own people, may, under the provisions of
this bill, be placed under a government that our
fathers never contemplated, a government that
must be most distasteful to freemen.
I know it may be said that the bureau will
not probably be extended to the northern States.
If it is not intended to bo extended to those
States, why amend the old law so as to give
this power ? When the old law limited the ju-
risdiction of this bureau to the Slates that had
been declared in insurrection, is it not enough
that the bureau should have included one State,
the State of Kentucky, over which it luid no
rightful original jurisdiction ; and must we now
amend it so as to place all the States of the
Union within tho power of this irresponsible
sub-government? This is one objection that I
have to tho bill, and the next is the expense
that it must necessarily impose upon the peo-
ple. We are asked by the Freedmen's Bureau
m its estimates to appropriate $11,745,0-50;
nearly twelve million dollars for the support of
this bureau and to carry on its operations dur-
ing the coming year. I will read what lie says :
It is estimated that the amount reuuired for tho
expenditures of the bureau lor tho fiscal year com-
mencing January, ISfiiS, wilt be ??1l,T4.i,0o0. The sum
is requisite for the following purposes:
Salaries of assistant and sub-assistant commission-
ers   £117.600
Salaries of clerks  82,800
Stationery and printing  63.000
Quarters and fuel    15,900
Clothing lor distribution , 1,75(1,000
Cumm"vvu> stoies   4,100,^50
Medic:)! department  -3(!0,cjtj0
Transportation 1,USD,000
School superintendents  -1,000
Sites l'or school -houses and asylums -'5,(I00.fi'>0
Telegraphing  18,000
Making in all the sum which 1 have men-
tioned. The old system under this law that
was before the Commissioner when he made
this estimate requires an expenditure to carry
on its operations of nearly twelve million dol-
lars, and that to protect, as it is called, and to,
govern four millions of the people of the Uni-
ted States, within a few millions of the entire
cost of the Government under Mr. Adams's ad-
ministration, when the population of the States
had gone up to many millions. How is it that
a department that has but a partial jurisdiction
over the people shall cost almost as much for
the management of four million people as it
cost to manage the whole Government, for its
Army, its Navy, its legislative and judicial de-
partments, in former years? My learned friend
from Kentucky suggests that the expenses un-
der John Quiucy Adams's administration were
about thirteen million dollars. What was the
population of the United States at that time
I am not prepared to state, but it was far above
four millions. Now, to manage four million
people is to cost the people of the United States,
under the law as it stands, nearly as much as it
cost the people to manage the whole affairs of
the Government under the administration of Mr.
John Quincy Adams.
This extraordinary expense to the people in
a time when the public debt is a great burden
to them would be a reason with me to vote to
repeal the old law. Is it a reason to Senators
why they shall add to the great expenditures of
this bureau? What is the increase of expendi-
ture which this bill provides for ? The old bill
provided for one Commissioner and ten assist-
ant commissioners. This bill provides for the
same Commissioner and twelve assistant com-
missioners. It also provides that the country
shall be divided up into sub-districts, and an
agent appointed for each district within the dis-
cretion of the bureau, each county and parish
constituting a district. I ask the attention of
the Senate while I read this section:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted. That the Commis-
sioner, with the approval of the President, shall di-
vide each district into a number of sub-districts, not
to exceed the number of counties or parishes in each
State,—
That will be a sub-district for every county
and parish in the United States—
and shall assign to each sub-district at least one age;nt,
either a citizen, officer of the Army, or enlisted man,
who, if an officer, shall serve without additional com-
pensation or allowance, andifaeitizcn or enlisted mail,
shall receive a salary not exceeding SI,500 per annum ;
and such agent shall, before entering on the duties of
his office, take the oath prescribed in the first section
of tile act to which this is an amendment. Each as-
sistant commissioner may employ not exceeding six
clerks, one of the third class and live of the first class,
and each a'^entof a sub-district may emx>loy two clerks
of the first class.
This bill provides for twelve assistant com-
missioners, and each assistant commissioneris
to have six clerks; seventy-two in all. It, then
provides for a sub-agent in each. county and
parish of the country. How many will be ap-
pointed I cannot tell. The chairman of the com-
mittee that reported this bill cannot inform the
Senate on that point. That will depend very
much upon tho political necessities of the Ad-
ministration. If it shall be found important to
increase tho number of office-holders for politi-
cal purposes, I do not choose to place the Treas-
ury of the people under tho possibility of such
an influence. Whether agents shall be appointed
in the counties of Indiana or in the counties of
Ohio, where there are thousands, perhaps hun-
dreds of thousands, of refugees and freedmen,
I cannot say, nor can the Senator who reports
this bill say. It is enough to know that an agent
for each county and parish may be appointed
at a salary of $1,500, and under him two clerks
at SI,200 each, for each county and parish. I
ask Senators, if under the old system it cost
nearly twelve million dollars to carry on this
bureau, how much will it cost under this new
bill?
I hear Senators speak very frequently of the
necessity of economy and retrenchment. Is
this a specimen, increasing the number of of-
ficers almost, without limit and increasing the
expenditures? I think one might be safe in
saying, that if this bill pas--.es we cannot expect
to get through a year with less than S-0,000,000
of an expenditure for this bureau. But that is
a mere opinion ; for no man can tell until we
have the number of officers that are to be ap-
pointed under the bill prescribed in the bill it-
self, and this section leaves the largest discretion
to the bureau in the appointment of officers. I
appeal to Senators to know whether atthis time,
ivhen wc ought to adopt a system of retrench-
ment and reform, they are willing to pass a bill
which will so largely increase the public ex-
penditures.
Then, sir, when this army of officers has been
organized, the bill provides;
And the President of the United States through
the "War Departmerit, and the Commissioner, ^hall
| extend military jurisdiction and protection over all
j employes, agents, and ofiieerrf ofthk< bureau,
j Vull some Senator he good enough to tell me
j; what that means/ If Indiana be declared a
! i State within which are found refugees and freed-
men who have escaped from tho south ern States,
and if Indiana has a commissioner appointed to
her, and if in each county of Indiana there be
a sub-commissioner at a salary of SI, 500 a year,
with two clerks with a salary of SI,200 each, .
and then the War Department throws over this
little army of office-holders in the State of In-
diana its protection, what does that mean?
The people of Indiana have been ground hard
under military authority and power within the
last three or four years, but it was borne because
itwas hoped that when the'war would be closed
that military power would be withdrawn from
the Stqte. Under this bill it may be established
permanently upon the people by a body of men
protected by the military power of the Govern-,
ment. An officer is appointed to the State of
Indiana to regulate the contracts which are made
between the white people and thy colored peo-
ple of that State, and because he holds this of-
fice, not military in its character, involving no
military act whatever, the military throws over
him its iron shield of protection. What does
that mean? If this officer shall do a great
wrong and outrage to one of the people, and the
wronged citizen appeals to the court for his re-
dress and brings his suit for damages, does the
protecting shield of the War Department pre-
vent the prosecution of that suit and the recov-
ery of a judgment ? Whatis the protection that
is thrown over this army of office-holders? Let
it be explained.
It may be said that this is a part of the mili-
tary department. That will dependnotso much
upon what we call them in the law as what are
the duties imposed upon these sub-agents. It
is a little difficult to tell. They are to protect -
the freedmen; they are to protect refugees; they
are to buy asylums and school-houses; they are
to establish schools; they are to see to the con-
tracts that are made between white men and
colored men. I want to know of the chairman
of the committee that reported this bill, in what
respect these duties are military in their char-
acter ? I can understand one thing, that it may
be regarded as a war upon the liberties of the
people, but I am not able to see in what respect
the duties of these officers otherwise are mili-
tary. But this protection is to be thrown over
them. I will not occupy longer time upon that
subject.
The third section of the bill changes the letter
of the law in two respects, first:
That the Secretary of War may directsnch issues of
provisions, clothing, fuel, and other supplies, includ-
ing medical stores and transportation, &c.
Those last words, " medical stores and trans-
portation," make the change in the law that
is proposed in -this bill. But, sir, in point of
fact it makes no change in the law, for if you
will turn to the report of the Commissioner of
this bureau, it will be found that the bureau
during the past six months has been furnishing
medical supplies and transportation. A very
large item in the expenditures estimated for is
for transportation. But I wisli to ask of the
Senator who framed this bill why we shall now
pro\ide for the transportation of freedmen and
refugees. During llie war, a very large num-
ber of refugees came from the southern States
into the North; but the Commissioner of the
Freedmen's Bureau in his reportsays that those
refugees have mainly returned, and but few re-
main now to be carried back from the North
to the South, or who desire to be. Then why
do we provide in this bill for transportation ?
Is it simply to give the bureau the power to
transport refugees and freedmen from one lo-
cality to nnother at its pleasure? The neces-
sity of carrying them from one section of the
country to another has passed away. Is it in-
tended by this bill that the bureau shall expend
the people's money in carrying the colored peo-
ple from one locality in a southern State to
another locality? I ask the S_enator from Illi-
nois, when he conies to explain his bill, to tell
us just what is the force and purpose of this pro-
vision.
The fourth resolution, as amended, provides
for the setting apart of three million acres of
the public lands in the States of Florida, Mis-
