1380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
Mr. POMEROY. I am willing, of course,
to leave anything to the discretion of the Sec-
retary of War or the President, but I thought
it was quite a good provision as it stood.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I desire to amend the
amendment by striking out in line fourteen of
the fourth section, in that part of the scction
which is proposed to be stricken out, the words
" eight regiments to be composed of colored
men, to be officered by officers of colored
troops," so that the clause will read:
And who have served two years during the war,
and who have been distinguished for capacity and
good conduct in the field.
In offering this amendment, T am only ex-
pressing a thought. I do not know, as does the
Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade, J who is gifted
by God; I can only think; but I wish to ex-
press my thought that the people of my coun-
try are able to maintain themselves, and do
not need to be maintained by an inferior race.
When this is well thought about and carefully
considered, it will bo the judgment of us all.
Soldiers are men of arms, as are their officers
and commanders. They must belong to the
ruling forces, and should not belong to the
inferior forces. These are simple rules that
all men who have read history should have
learned, and where it has not been learned,
there is ignorance. I do not care to'say all 1
think, for it would be thought by some unkind,
anil 1 do not care to be unkind; 1 would rather
be generous; but this underlaking to place a
lower, interior, different race upon a level with
the white man's race, in arms, is against, the
laws that lie at the foundation of true republic-
anism. 1 ask for the yeas and nays upon the
amendment to tho amendment.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. iTiSSKN* D1SN. J low will it read if it
is amended in that, way?
The Secretary. It is proposed to strike out
in the fourteenth line of the fourth section the
words, "eight regiments to be composed of
colored men, lo be ollieered by officers of col-
ored troops,'' so that the clause will read:
Who have served two years dui imr the war, and who
have been di."-iui£uishiidl'oi capacity andj^ood conduct
in ihu field.
Mr. h'ESSENDEN. That strikes out the
colored troops altogether.
Mr. MrDOCOALL. Yes, sir, it strikes out
the nc^ro proposition.
_ The PRESIDENT pro iempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. McDOCGA !,L. 1 called for the yeas
anil nays, and I believe (hey were ordered.
The IMtJiSlDKNT jtro tempore, The yeas
and nays were i closed by I he Senate, the Chair
decided. The Chair saw but. three persons rise
to seeond the call, and that was not one iifth of
those present.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. HARRIS. I propose to amend the
amendment of tho Senator from Maine so as
to retain the proviso at the end of the sec-
tion.
Mr. n,SSK \ !)C N. I have no objection to
that, if it is thought, desirable. It struck me
that it. was hardly tvorill while to retain it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine accepts the amendment sug-
gested by the Senatoi from New York, and it
stands as a pai t of the proposed amendment.
The amendment as modified was agreed tu.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to know if the
proviso is retained.
The PHESI DENT pro tempore. The Chair
understood the Senator from Maine to accept
that as a part of his amendment.
Mr. I'TiSS K N1 >EN. 1 have one more amend-
ment to offer. It is to add the following addi-
tional proviso to the fourth section:
And provided fui tl/ri, That in the selection of offi-
cers as provided for in this section otlicers of the reg-
ular Aruiy who have commanded volunteer troops
m■< be accounted as oilieers of volunteers.
i he amendment was agreed to.
Mr, GRTMES. I now move to strike out the
proviso at the end of the fourth section that
was not stricken out by the amendment of the
Sehator from Maine:
Provided, That promotions™ thecoloredregiments
hereby authorized shall be confined to the regiments
of that corps.
I understand that the purpose of the Senator
from Maine was to allow the officers in each of
the different branches of the Army, the general
volunteer service, the negro service, and the
Reserve corps to stand upon a perfect equality ;
that the officers under this bill might be se-
lected from any one of those different branches
of the public service, provided, I suppose, that
they pass the necessary examination and have
performed the requisite service in the field
heretofore. I do not know any good reason
why we should specially say that the promo-
tions in the colored regiments shall be confined
solely to the men in those regiments. Is it
intended, I will inquire of the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, that these pro-
motions in the colored regiments shall con-
tinue above the rank of captain ? Is it intended
that the majors, lieutenant colonels, and col-
onels shall be promoted among the colored
regiments as the officers of artillery are at this
time promoted, or as officers in the cavalry
service are? Why not let an oflicer, when he
reaches the grade of major, if he is entitled to
promotion and has heretofore been serving in
a white regiment, take command of an African
regiment; or if he has been serving in an Afri-
can regiment and is entitled to promotion, why
not let him be transferred to a white regiment?
Is there any good reason for it? I have not
heard of any, and I therefore propose to strike
out the proviso.
Mr. WILSON. I have certainly no objec-
tion to striking out this proviso. The original
hill provided that the officers to be appointed
for these eight regiments should be selected from
the colored regiments, but subsequently this
proviso was added. \Ve have now amended and
extended it so that the officers maybe selected
from volunteer officers who have served in other
regiments, and never served in colored regi-
ments at all; and as we have opened it to every-
body, 1 am willing to strike off this proviso,
and put these regiments precisely on the same
footing throughout.
Mr. HARRIS. I am not satisfied to have that
proviso stricken out. I think if will be injurious
to the Army. I have no objection to the amend-
ment that has been proposed by the Senator
from Maine; indeed I am in favor of it; but the
effect, of striking out this proviso, if 1 understand
it, will be this: an officer, a captain, if you please,
comes to be the senior captain, and is entitled to
promotion to a majority. A vacancy occurs in a
colored regiment. This proviso compels him
to accept the ofliee of major in a colored regi-
ment against his will, it may be against his in-
clination. He is obliged to do that, or leave
the service altogether. I am not in favor of
compelling an officer to make the election either
to resign or serve in a colored regiment. If I
understand the effect of the amendment to
strike out this proviso, it will be precisely that.
It will drive officers to serve in colored regi-
ments, if the vacancy happens to be there, or
leave the service. I have no objection that any
officer should servo in a colored regiment if
he pleases to do so, but many feel disinclined
to do that, and I do not feel disposed to drive
them to the alternative of either doing that or
leaving the Army.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator and I are dia-
metrically opposed to each other on that sub-
ject I want to compel that officer, if he is
receiving and has been receiving a salary from
the Government of the United Slates during a
series of years, and is entitled to promotion in
the regular order of promotion, and is not will-
ing to be transferred from the command of a
white regiment to the command of a colored
regiment, to leave the service. lie has no
business in the service. - He is not a man to
whom I would intrust the honor of the t!ag or
the defense of the country. It is not for him
to determine whether he shall command a black
or a white regiment, or whether there shall be
$ colored regiment in the Army or not. That
is a question for us to determine; and when he
says he will not take command of a colored regi-
ment, if we put him in charge of it, he is no
longer fit to be an officer of the Army of the
United States, and ought to be turned out. We
have heard a great deal about ''petrifying" in
the Constitution a recognition of the existence
of slavery or the existence of a distinction of
color. I do not want to petrify into a law to
fix and establish the regular Army of the Uni-
ted States such a discrimination as this is
against colored men who serve in the Army.
I say that a man is not fit to be an officer in
the Army, who, when he has served through
the various grades of lieutenant and captain and
becomes entitled to promotion, is unwilling to
take command of colored troops, when he is
directed by the Secretary of "War and by the
laws of the United States to do so.
Mr. McDOUGALL. The Senator from Iowa
and myself are of a very different opinion. It
would not do for any one who bears my name,
either of the masculine or feminine gender, to
take command of negro troops. They have
been fighting in this war. They fought in w-ars
long before. I would not allow any one of my
kindred over whom I have any portion of au-
thority to do it. It is well for those who believe
thus to say so; but look out for the long result.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is a little obscurity
in the amendment that I offered a few moments
ago as an additional proviso to the fourth sec-
tion. My intention was not to oblige the De-
partment to consider the regular officers who
had served in the volunteers as volunteer offi-
cers, but to give them the choice, to take them
either way. The amendment does not effect
my pvrrpose. I move to ■add to the end of that
amendment the words "or as officers of the
regular Army," so thai it will read:
And provided further. That in the election of offi-
cers, as provided for in this section, officers of the
regular Army who have commanded volunteer troops
may be accounted us officers of volunteers, or as oth-
cers of the regular Army.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification of the amendment will be made if
there be no objection.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to suggest, an amend-
ment in that section which may be made by
unanimous consent. It is to insert the word
"original" before the word "vacancies."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The word
suggested by the Senator from Massachusetts
will be inserted if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not entirely satisfied
with the explanation given by the Senator from
Massachusetts in reply to the suggestion I made
a short time since in relation to military store-
keepers. He said he would consider the sub-
ject, and perhaps report upon it hereafter. I
do not think that is entirely satisfactory, be-
cause the multiplication of bills relating to the
Army is not very desirable. When we have
an Army bill before us we had belter perfect
it and insert in it all the provisions that we in-
tend to make for the Army, rather than bring
up the subject again in a new bill. In order to
test the sense of the Senate I will move to
strike out in the fourteenth section the words
"the same compensation as is now pro\ided
by law," and to insert, " rank, pay. and emol-
uments of a captain of cavalry;" so that the
section will read:
That the number of military storekeepers in the
quartermaster's department shall hereafter be as
many as shall be required, not exceeding sixteen,
with the rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain of
cavalry.
These storekeepers, as I have said, have the
pay of a captain of cavalry now, but they do not
have any rank. They cannot command any-
body. If a squad of soldiers is sent to one of
them to guard military or ordnance stores of
any kind, he has no more control over them
than any civilian would have. It has been fre-
quently represented to me that it is a matter
often detrimental to their service, because they
cannot command even a lieutenant or anybody
else.
