3300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J ime; 20,
made, so. small in proportion to the magnitude
of the work to be accomplished. It is not
simply to build a railroad over this wild, rug-
ged country, where mountains* more than six
thousand feet high are to be sealed 
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman allow me a moment?
Mr. BIDWELL. To ask a question, but not
to make a speech.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I would
ask the gentleman what is the number of acres
of land granted by this bill.
Mr. BIDWELL. About ten or eleven mil-
lion acres of lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is that all?
Mr. JULIAN. I would ask the gentleman
from California if this bill does not grant forty
sections per mile for two hundred miles of the
route, with liberty to find them in a margin of
eighty miles wide, and with the privilege of
taking all the coal, iron, and timber?
Mr. BIDWELL. There is no coal, or tim-
ber of any consequence on a great part of
these lands. The gentleman must be opposed
t3 this measure or he would not attack that
portion of the road which has to go over the
Trinity mountains, the Scott mountains, and
the Siskiyou mountains, the first range being
four thousand feet, the second range being four
thousand feet, and the third range being over
six thousand feet high.
Mr. HENDERSON. Will the gentleman
from California [Mr. Bidwell] yield to me for
a few moments? .
Mr. BIDWELL. I will yield for two min-
utes.
Mr. HENDERSON. I merely want to say
that this road is of great interest to the people
of California and Oregon, the inhabitants of
the Pacific coast especially. We have not asked
Congress to grant large sums of money to
build this road. Not long since we voted five
or six million dollars to make a eanal around
Niagara falls, and we have voted other sums
to make improvements on this side of the con-
tinent. We ask for no money, only for a little
of the public lands. The public lands on this
side of the continent are all exhausted; and
members do not ask for land, but they ask for
the cash of the Government, and we vote to
give it to them. Now, we ask for a small
amount of public land, which is all important
to us, and members here appear to be perfectly
horrified at the mere idea of granting land, not
an amount sufficient to build the road, but
merely to give it a start. I will not occupy the
time further, as the gentleman from California
desires action.
Mr. BIDWELL. I now call the previous
question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded. I
would like to say one word in reply to the gen-
tleman from California.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to offer an amendment to this bill.
Mr. JULIAN. I move to refer this bill to
the Committee on Public Lands.
The SPEAKER. The motion to refer is
not now in order, pending the call for the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
gentleman from California withdraw that call
for a few moments if I will renew it?
Mr. BIDWELL. I must insist upon my call
for the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
demand for the previous question; and upon
a division there were—ayes thirty, noes sixty-
two.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I now
move to refer this bill to the Committee on
Public Lands; and upon that motion I call
for the previous question.
Mr. BIDWELL. If that motion is carried
I shall move to abolish the Committee on the
Pacific Railroad, for I do not Bee that there
will be any use for it.
_ Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman from California the same j
amount of time he allowed me yesterday—three
minutes.
Mr. BINGH AM. Let him have five minutes.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Well, I
will yield to him for five minutes.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will read the rule I read
a short time since in relation to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad; and I do hope gentle-
men will listen to it. If this bill has not yet
been fairly considered in that committee, why
not move to recommit it to that committee?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If the
gentleman from California desires an answer
to that question I will give it. It is proper that
this House should have some fixed policy in
reference to the public lands and the manner
of donating them. All the other of these land-
grant bills have been referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, and there is no propriety in
making a distinction between this bill and those
which have preceded it. That is the reason
why I make the motion to refer this bill to the
Committee on Public Lands, so that the com-
mittee may examine all these bills at once. But
the gentleman says this reference will kill the
bill. On the contrary, I understand from the
chairman of the Committee on Public Lands
[Mr. Julian] that he will probably have an
opportunity of reporting all these bills within
a few days; and therefore there is additional
propriety in making this reference.
Mr. BIDWELL. I ask the Clerk to read
the rule in regard to the appointment and the
duties of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The Clerk read as follows:
" There shall be appointed at the commencement of
each Congress, a Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
to consist of nine members. It shall be the duty of
thesaid committee to take into consideration all such
petitions and matters and things relative to railroad
or telegraph lines between the Mississippi valley and
the Pacific coast as shall be presented or shall come
in question, and be referred to them by the House,
and to report their opinion thereon, together with
such propositions relative thereto as to them shall
seem expedient."
Mr. JULIAN. I now ask the Clerk to read
the rule relative to the jurisdiction and duties
of the Committee on Public Lands.
The Clerk read as follows:
"There shall be appointed at the commencement
of cach Congress a Committee on the Public Lands,
to consist of nino members. It shall be the duty of
the Committee on the Public Lands to take into con-
sideration all such petitions and matters or things
respecting the lands of the United States as shall be
prosented, or shall or may come in question, and be
referred to them by the House; and to report their
opinion thereon, together with such propositions for
relief therein as to them shall seem expedient.5'
Mr. BIDWELL. That rule does not say
anything about railroads between the Missis-
sippi valley and the Pacific coast, while the
other rule does. And this bill relates to a
railroad between the Mississippi valley and the
Pacific coast.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I yield to
the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne. ]
Sir. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I only
desire to say that it is evident that both these
committees have jurisdiction of this subject.
The Committee on Public Lands has just as
much jurisdiction of the subject as the Com-
mittee on the Pacific Railroad. For the rea-
sons stated by the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Raxdall] I am in favor of referring
the bill to the Committee on Public Lands,
because it is desirable that we should have some
uniform policy on this subject, and a similar
bill has already been referred to that com-
mittee.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I now
demand the previous question.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, is it in order
to move to recommit the bill to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad ?
The SPEAKER. It is not at the present
time.
Mr. BANKS. Is it not in order to move to
amend the motion of the gentleman from. Penn-
sylvania?
The SPEAKER. It is not, while the call
for thb previous .question is pending.
Mr. BANKS. I ,agk the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to -jyitljdFaiy Jhat call.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I can-
not consent to do that.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman yield to
me that I may say a word on this subject ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman for a moment.
Mr. BANKS. Undoubtedly both commit-
tees, under the rules, have jurisdiction of this
question. But the bill has already been re-
ferred to one committee, altogether appropri-
ate—the Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
The railroad is the general subject; the grant
of lands is an incident. That committee may
have misunderstood heretofore the temper of
the House on this question and the general
course of legislation upon this subject; but
from the discussion which has taken place the
committee has had full opportunity to ascertain
what the House desires. Hence, if the bill is
to be again referred, it ought in justice to the
committee, and in accordance with the rules of
the House, to be recommitted to the Commit-
tee on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. In reply
to the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr^
Banks,] I would say that I do not know whether
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad will have
an opportunity to report again this session. I
think that the best, course for the friends of the
bill is to allow it to go to the Committee on
Public Lands.
Mr. BANKS. The friends of the bill desire
that it shall not be referred to the Committee
on Public Lands, whilq the opponents of the
bill wish it to have that reference.
Mr. PRICE. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I believe
I must insist on the demand for the previous
question.
Mr. BIDWELL. I trust the gentleman will
yield to me. '
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
yield to the gentleman from California, because
he has charge of the bill.
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, my reason
for objecting to a reference of this bill to the
Committee on Public Lands is because it ap-
pears to me that the Committee on the Pacific
Railroad is the appropriate committee. Being
a member of the latter committee, I feel that
to take the subject out of our hands now and
refer it to another committee would be a re-
flection upon myself and all the other mem-
bers of that committee. It is a pleasure to a
man to give of his own free choice that which
he can afford to give, but no man likes to have
taken from him by force that which rightfully
belongs to him.
If it be in order, Mr. Speaker, I would move
to refer this bill to a joint committee consisting
of the Committee on the Pacific Railroad and
the Committee on Public Lands. I am willing
that the two committees shall consider the sub-
ject jointly. I am ready to compromise in this
way.
The SPEAKER. Thatwould be an unusual
motion.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to say to the gentleman from California that
his supposition as to an intended reflection upon
the Committee on the Pacific Railroad is en-
tirely gratuitous. In submitting my motion, I
desired to make no reflection upon the com-
mittee. I made the motion in strict accord-
ance with what I deem to be the settled judg-
ment and policy of the House. I renew the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. BIDWELL. Why not recommit the
bill to the Committee on the Pacific Railroad,
with instructions? /
Mr. SPALDING-. I object to debate, pend-
ing the demand for the previous question.
The previous question was not seconded,
there being—ayes 24, noes 59.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend the mo-
tion of my colleague [Mr. Randall] so as to
provide that the bill be recommitted to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad; and on
that motion I demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
