1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2341
their families are shaming sensible, modest,
and discreet people of both sexes at your lead-
ing hotels throughout the country. I desire
merely—it is a very simple amendment—that
the Government shall give the preference when
they can supply a better article there at a less
cost. I do not think anybody can object to
that.
Mr. NESMITH. I concur fully in what the
Senator from California has stated with refer ■
ence to the production of these articles on the
Pacific coast. I do not know, however, whether
it would be good policy to incorporate a provis-
ion of this kind in this bill or not. Since I
have been here, for the last five years, I have
made very strenuous efforts to get the Indian
department to make its purchases in that coun-
try. They manufacture in Oregon the best
blankets that T know of in the world ; and I
presume they manufacture them equally as
good in California. It is a well-known fact
that the wool, which is a staple article of pro-
duction in that country and in all the States
and Territories of the Pacific coast, is remark-
able for its cheapness. The climate and the
grazing facilities are such that it costs little or
nothing to raise it; and a great deal of it is
shipped to this side. While labor is somewhat
higher there than it is here, the low price of
wool enables the manufacturer there to make
these articles of a better quality than can be
shipped from this side at the same price. I
have had a good deal of experience in this
matter, in the examination of accounts of pur-
chases of the Indian department; and last
summer while I was out on the Pacific coast
in connection with a committee of investiga-
tion of Indian affairs, I took great pains to
obtain all the invoices of the goods that the
department furnished from New York, and
then the invoices of similar goods purchased
and made on the coast, and by comparing them
I found that the articles were purchased much
cheaper there ; and by comparison of the arti-
cles themselves I found that those that were
purchased on that coast were of a quality very
superior to those which had been sent there.
1 am as anxious as the Senator from Cali-
fornia that the Pacific coast shall be patronized
in the purchase of these articles where the
quality is superior and they can be purchased
?uite as low as they can be on this side ; but
am not certain as to the propriety of incor-
porating a provision of this kind in this bill.
However, I am willing to vote for it. 1 think
some means should be taken, either by the
department, or if the department refuse, by
Congress to compel the department to purchase
where they can get the best articles and at the
least price. The expense of shipment is very
great.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not intend to do so,
but I will now send to the desk to be read a
note received this morning from the honorable
Secretary of War, and I will state how and
why it was written. I knew that these depart-
ments were unaware of the extent of onr man-
ufactures in this line, and also their excellence;
and when I was out there last fall I ordered a
pair of blankets, not of an extraordinary char-
acter but of the best quality that are made for
domestic blankets, to be made to present to
the Secretary of War. They came to hand the
other day, and this is a note in answer describ-
ing their quality. I will ask that it be read,
and ask Senators to listen to its reading.
The Secretary read as follows:
■washington, April 28,1866.
My BkarSir: I have the pleasure to acknowl-
edge receiving the pair of excellent blankets made
for me, at your request, at the Mission milts in Cali-
fornia. They surpass anything of the kind I have
ever seen, and are more perfect and beautiful than
I had known to be possible in such fabrics, and prove
that manuiactures will, like everything: else, attain
to the highest perfection on the Pacific coast. Mrs.
Stanton's admiration of them known, no bounds, and
she joins me in the desire that you will communicate
to the manufacturers, and accept for yourself, our
grateful thanks.
EDWIJT M. STANTON.
Hon. John Conness.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not think any Sen-
ator who reflects on the present law would be
willing to vote for the amendment as it now
stands. If there are good blankets made in
California, and cheaper than can be purchased
in New York, it is the duty of the Government
to advertise forbids in San Francisco and Port-
land, and purchase them there, undoubtedly.
I shall have no objection to a carefully pre-
pared section to require bids to be published in
those cities and inviting proposals; but after
all, these blankets must be submitted to the
inspection of officers. They must be examined
to ascertain whether they correspond with the
samples furnished on which bids are generally
awarded. I suggest, therefore, that the Sen-
ator had better withdraw the amendment for
the present. I do not intend to press the bill
to a passage to-night. I merely desire to have
it reported to the Senate, and then let it go
over.
Mr. CONNESS. All right; I will do that.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is withdrawn.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in.
Mr. SHERMAN. There are other amend-
ments that may be offered, but which we are not
prepared now to offer, and I therefore move
that the bill be postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. ANTHONY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of executive
business.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, May 2, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
BOMBARDMENT Or VALPARAISO.
Mr. BLAINE asked unanimous conscnt to
offer tlie following resolution:
Resolved, That the President of tho United States
be respectfully requested, if not incompatible with
the public interest, to communicate to the House at
the earliest practicable day any authentic info' ma-
lion that may come into his possession in regaid to
the reported barbarous bombardment of the city of
Valparaiso by the Spanish fleet on tho31?t of March
ultimo. Alao, to inform the House what instiuctions
had been given by the Navy Department to the offi-
cer commanding the American fleet in those waters.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I object.
JOHN It. BECKLUY.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, by unanimous
consent, submitted the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Unsolved, That the petition, claim, and papers in
support of the same, of John It. Beckley, as mail con-
tractor, heretofore presented to the Postmaster Gen-
eral, be referred to tho Committee of Claims, with
instructions to inquiie into the justice of thesamo,
and report by bill or otherwise.
land grants to nevada.
Mr. 'McRUER. I asknnanimous consent to
report, from the Committee on Public Lands,
Senate bill No. 216, concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Nevada.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I have no
objection to calling this up to have it printed.
The bill was accordingly ordered to beprinted.
soldiers and sailors of 1812.
Mr. COFFROTH, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be, and is hereby, instructed to report by bill or oth-
erwise on pensions to all of the survivingsoldiers and
sailors of the war of 1812.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand the regular
order of business.
The House accordingly proceeded, as the
regular order of business, to the calling of the
committees for reports, commencing with the
Committee on Patents.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of
the House of the papers in the ease of Major
Moore. ..
PATENT OFFICE FEES.
Mr. JENCKES. I am instructed by the
Committee on Patents to report House bill No.
842, regulating appeals to the examiner-in-
chief of the Patent Office, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
The bill was read. It provides that upon an
appeal from the examiner to the examiner-in-
chief the appellant shall pay a fee of ten dollars,
and no appeal shall be allowed until the said
fee shall be paid.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, when this
board of appeals was created no additional fee
was prescribed for an appeal to it, and it has
become overloaded with appeals from exam-
iners-in-chief. Two fees are now paid in the
Patent Office; one a fee of fifteen dollars upon
filing the application, which is a payment for an
examination; and the other is a fee of twenty
dollars upon the issuing of the patent, which is
the evidence that tho party applying has con-
vinced the Patent Office that he is an inventor.
For the intermediate service no fee is required
and none has been paid. It is reasonable that
there should be a fee in view of the increased
labor devolved on the Patent Office. If no one
desires to debate the bill, I demand the pre-
vious question upon it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. JENCKES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
TheTatter motion was agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES moved to amend the title of
the bill so as to read, "An act in amendment
of an act to promote the progress of the useful
arts, and the acts in amendment of and in
addition thereto."
The* amendment was agreed to.
PAY OF PATENT-OFFICE EXAMINERS.
Mr. JENCKES also, from the Committee
on Patents, reported a bill in addition to an
act entitled "An act to promote the progress
of the useful arts,'' and the acts in amendment
thereof; which was read a first and second
time.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of
Patents to pay those employed in the United
States Patent Office, from April 1, 1861, until
August 1, 1865, as examiners and assistant
examiners of patents, at the rates fixed by law
for those respective grades ; provided that the
same be paid out of the Patent Office fund,
and that the compensation thus paid shall not
exceed that received by those duly enrolled as
examiners and assistant examiners of patents
for the same period.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ It cannot
be possible that I understand that bill aright.
If I do, it goes back, raising the salaries of
certain parties in the Patent Office since 1861.
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman does not
understand the bill, and If he will listen to me
for a moment I think I can explain it satisfac-
torily. During the time named in this bill,
which is the period covered by Mr. Holloway's
commissionersliip, certain assistant examiners
were employed to do the duties of examiners-
in-chief. The Commissioner declined appoint-
ing additional examiners-in-chief, as he might
have done under the law, because the business
of the Patent Office had at that time fallen off,
and he did not wish to burden the Patent Office
fund by the employment of® men who at some .
time would have nothing to do. Hencc he em-
ployed assistant examiners and second assist-
ant examiners to do the work of examiners-m-
chief and first assistant examiners, and they
performed it satisfactorily. Upon examining
the law, he was not satisfied tlat he had power
