1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
iM
The Senator from Iowa says they are old men,
and if we give them commissions in the Army
they may be put on the retired list at some time
hereafter. I do not know how that is. I never
had one appointed myself. I have no personal
interest in the subject. I do not know an old
man in the service who is a military store-
keeper. There may be some. But be that as
it may, these officers have large responsibilities.
Millions of public stores are committed to them.
They have to wateh over them and be vigilant
in the discharge of their duty. They now get
the pay of captains, but they get no rank, no
emoluments, and they have no standing. As
this proposition does not increase their pay, I
think we ought to give them at least the rank
and standing in the Army of captains. I have
seen a letter from General Meigs in which he
recommends this proposition and says he would
like to have it done. I know of no objection
to it. If it increased their pay twenty-five cents
a day I would not urge it. I notice that we
have just added twenty-five cents a day to the
pay of those who are doing extra service on
detached duty. If this proposition would add
that much to the pay of these storekeepers I
would not urge it j but it does not do that. It
gives them the rank of captains with the pay
of captains, which they now have, and if they
should be killed I suppose it would give pen-
sions to their widows or heirs if they have any.
This subject was called up last year and the
Military Committee gave their attention to it,
and now when it lias come up again the chair-
man of 1he committee says he will consider it
hereafler. If it is to be considered at all, let
it be considered now, and let the question be
closed. I do not want to bring the subject to
the attention of the Senate again. I therefore
submit the amendment that I have indicated.
Mr. NESMITH. The proposition submitted
by the Senator from Kansas, I believe, is no
niore than just. There are no officers who per-
form more responsible and more arduous duties
than these military storekeepers. They are in
charge of immense depots all over the coun-
try. They have to give very heavy bonds, and
are responsible for t he stores that are committed
to then charge. They hold an amount of prop-
erty that far exceeds the amount held by an
ordinary captain in the quartermaster's depart-
ment. I think it is no more than just, eonsid-
ei ing their responsibilities and the amount for
which they are liable, that they should have
the rank, pay, and emoluments of a captain of
Cavalry. This subject has been presented and
urged "upon the Senate, by petitions for the last
four years. 1 have had some occasion to look
into the subject, and I think the proposition is
eminently just, and I trust it will be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. If this amendment is to be
adopted T suggest that there ought to be a limit
as to the number of these storekeepers that is
to bo created.*
Mr. WILSON. This section limits it.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the language
is that the Secretary of War shall appoint as
many as he supposes are required.
Mr. POMEiiOY. Not exceeding sixteen.
It is limited to that number.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will now submit an
amendment to be inserted as additional sec-
tions before the last section of the bill. It js
a proposition which has been before the Mil-
itary Committee for some time, and I under-
stand received its sanction:
And br it further enuctcd,.That for the purpose of
promoting knowledge oi military science among the
voun~ men of the United States, the President may,
upou'thc application of an established college or um-
ver-ity in the United States with sufficient canacity
to educate at one time notices than one hundred and
fiftv male students, detail an ofiicer.of the Army to
act as president or superintendent ot such college or
U:aAnJbly;i further e,meted, That, the number of offi-
cers so detailed shall not exceed twenty at any-one
time and shall be apportioned througn the United
States as nearly as practicable according to popula-
tion, and shall be governed by jrenoj-.u .rules to be
proscribed from time to tunc by tlic r resident,
I can onlv state that this proposition has re-
ceived the sanction of quite a number of oili-
cers, and it will cost the Government nothing.
There are always this number of officers whose
services are not needed in active service, es-
pecially in time of peace. They will be under
the direction of tho President, and may be re-
called at any time when their services may be
needed. Officers of this kind might easily be
detailed to aid in military educatiop at the
colleges and universities throughout the United
States. For the purpose of limiting the num-
ber I have confined it to twenty, and in order
that they might not be sent to inferior colleges
I have limited it to colleges that have one hun-
dred and fifty students. This is substantially
a contribution by the United States of the ex-
penses of a military professor, without any ad-
ditional cost to the "United States. 'Che officers
who would bo selected for this purpose would
be probably 011 detailed duly if no such prop-
osition was adopted. The officers likely to
be detailed for this service would be officers
wounded in the service, who had been edu-
cated at the expense of the Government, who
might in this way render their education avail-
able in promoting military education through-
out the country. Another argument in favor
of this proposition is, that it would promote
uniformity. Military schools and colleges are
springing up all over the United States. In
tire southern States before the war they existed
in almost every State. I think this contribu-
tion might be fairly given by the United States
to promote military education indeed it seems
to me it, would be of more service to the people
of the United States than the establishment of
a militia, because it would educate thousands
of young men throughout the United States,
and give them at least a preliminary knowledge
of military drill and science.
Mr. McDOUGALL. This is a subject that
has occupied my thoughts for many years. 1
think the proposition of the Senator from Ohio
is just and right. We undertook in some of our
colleges and academies to educate young men
to arms; but without, the aid of the Government,
who have the charge of arms, they have always
failed except in the South prior to the rebellion.
That is a fact as patent and knovyn to all in-
formed men. We have needed this instruction,
and all men conversant with the business of the
Government know that the Government can
detail in time of peace officers for this pur-
pose, who will not be any additional charge to
the Government, because the Government is
already obligated to support, them. I was pleased
to hear the amendment and I trust that it will
be adopted.
Mr. G R1MES. I move to amend the amend-
ment, by inscsting the words "or professor]'
after the word ''superintendent," so that it
will read, ''president, superintendent, or pro-
fessor. '" .
Mr. SHERMAN. The reason why I did not
insert the word -'professor" in my proposition
was that I uid not think the United States
ought to contribute in this way to^the support
of"a military school unless the officer detailed
should have sufficient power over it to give it
a quasi military character. A mere professor
would have no control over the institution. I
have 110 objection to it except that I do not
think these officers ought to be detailed tor
schools unless the schools are willing to give
them some kind of supervision or control over
their institutions, so as to give them a. quasi
military character. However, if the Senate
think that an officer ought to be detailed, to
act as a mere protessor, I have no objection
to it. It will promote the object I have in
view in either way but I think when the
United States furnishes an officer to an insti-
tution, it ought to give to that institution a
military character. In the State of Ohio we
have probably twenty or thirty colleges or uni-
versities that have more than one hundred
students attending them, and I have no doubt
one or two of these institutions would be glad
to take an officer designated by the Govern-
ment as a military superintendent or presi-
dent, and thus give it a quasi military char-
acter, because a superintendent or president
would give tone and character to.' the whol§
institution, and would naturally convert it into
a quasi military institution, while a mere pio-
fessor would have no power or control over
the management of the institution. ,
Mr. McDOUGALL. I will inquire of the
Senator whether he supposes that Harvard pr
Yale or any other of our high colleges would
be willing to give the charge of their institution
to an officer of the United States Army? They
may be willing that a professor maybe detailed
there to educate their young men to arms, but
they would not consent to make him president
or superintendent of their institution. If you
want to educate our young men in our best col-
leges to the use of arms, you must agree to
allow the appointment of a professor and not
of a president.
Mr. SHERMAN". I do not know what Har-
vard or any of these old established institutions
would do, but I know that there are one or two
institutions in Ohio who are very willing to have
these officers who would be willing to comply
with this requirement. But if the Senate are
of opinion that we can afford to detail a pro-
fessor for this purpose, I shall make no objec-
tion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. As an
amendment to the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Ohio, tho Senator from Iowa
moves to insert the words " or professor" after
the word "superintendent."
Mr. WILSON. I suppose the object of this
proposition is to scattcr over the country mili-
tary instruction to our young men. If the
amendment proposed to it bjf the Senator from
Iowa is adopted, I will vote for it; but if not,
I shall feci constrained to vote against it.
Mr. SHERM AN. I am perfectly willing that
it should be made.
Mr. WILSON. There may bo very well-
established colleges that may desire such a pro-
fessor for a time to teach their young men, and
I think it would be an advantage, without put-
ting the whole institution under the control of
such an officer. There may be some new, ris-
ing institutions that would like to have such a
man at their head to make them to a great ex-
tent military schools. If the amendment to
the amendment, should be adopted, I am willing
to a<*ree to the amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Ohio to be
willing to adopt the amendment proposed by
the Senator from Iowa?
Mr. SHERMAN. The question may be put
upon it. I am not in favor of it,.but I shall
not oppose it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment as amended was adopted.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to offer as an addi-
tional section to this bill a proposition that has
been reported as a sepai ate bill by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs. It is to insert after
section twenty-nine the following:
Anil be it further enacted. That so much of the act
entitled " An act to dofino the pay and emoluments
of certain officers of the Aririy, and for other pur-
poses" approved July 17, 1862, as provided that the
mileage of ofiieeis of the Army traveling upon duty
should thereafter bo six cents per mile, be, and tho
same is hereby, repealed, and the rate of mileage to
be hereafter allowed to officers of the Army travel-
ing anon public duty shall be ten cents pcrmile-when
transportation in kind is not furnished them by true
Government.
Mr. CHANDLER. Iunderstandthatamend-
mont restores the mileage to ten cents a mile
instead of six. as now established by law. A
great many thousand dollars have^ been saved
to the Government by the change m that law.
Mr FESSENDEN". And lost to the officers.
Mr CHANDLER. I think six cents a mile
pays very well. I would like to have the yeas an d
nays upon that amendment if it is to be passed.
Mr. WILSON. I have no doubt a great
deal was saved by the passage of that bill, but
I think it has saved it to some extent at the
expense of tho officers ; and especially now at
this time, to the few officers who will be de-
tailed over the country to do certain duty, it
throws a great burden upon them. During the
