318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE. -
January 19,
What will that be ? How many farms are to be
bought? How many homesteads in the vil-
lages? I know they are not to be given to the
freedinen and refugees at once. JL'hese depend-
ent people are to be placed in possession at a |
rent, and the Government of the United Stales
is to become a landlord to this large class of
people. It is to become a freeholder and land-
lord, renting out lands upon fixed terms to a
portion of the population. Who ever beard of
this Government occupying that relation to any
portion of the people And yet that is the pro-
vision of this bill. That is very different from
the provision that we should set apart three mil-
lion acres of the public lands for the benefit
of these people. I am willing to do that, as we
give homesteads to the white men, and encour-
age the settlement of the lands, and encourage
their development if we can. (I doubt the de-
velopment somewhat.) I do not object to giving
them homes upon the public lands; but when
we come to appropriating money to buy lands
that the Government may become the landlord
and thousands of people the tenants under it,
it seems to me to be a very startling proposition.
What will it cost'! Under the old system, the
expenses of the bureau amounted to nearly
§12,000,000, and under this bill an army of of-
ficers is to be added to the system, and then
conies this general proposition to buy homes,
asylums, and schools for the^e people. In what
instance, I will ask the chairman of the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, has the (lo\ eminent of
the United States gone into the States to buy
lands and establish schools in a time of peace?
During the war it wa.-, claimed that within the
sphere of the operations of the Army almost
anything could be done: but now, sir, we are
in a state of peace : the.s" States are within the
Union; their civil governments have been re-
stored. How is it that within these 'Slates we
now propo.-e to buy lands and erect school-
houses? 1 know of no power conferred upon
the General Government authorizing it.
The most remarkable sections of the 1 >ill, how-
ever, are the seventh and eighth, and to those
sections 1 will ask the very careful attention of
Senators ; for 1 think if wo can pass those, two
sections aiul make them a law, then indeed this
Government can do an)tiling. It will be use-
less to speak any longer of limitations upon the
powers of the General Government ; it will be
idle to speak oft he ri^en ed pow er of the States;
State vitfhts and State power will ha', e passed
away if we can do what is proposed in the
seientli and eighth sections of this bill. The
seventh section is in tlie>e uoids :
Sec. V. Awl he it further cnnctcd, That whenever, in
any State or district in which the oidinary course of
judicial pi oeeeilmir* !i.h<;en interrupted by the re-
bellion, ami wherein, in consequence ot any State or
local law, ordinance, polk e, or other regulation, cus-
tom, or nrenidice, any ofthecivil rights or immuni-
ties tjclon'iina to white persons, including the ri^li t, to
make and cnforce contracts, to sue. bo bar lie--, and
^ivo evidence; to inherit. purellahC, lea^c, sell, hold,
and convey real and per-onal pioneity, and to have
tell and eiftinl liencht ot ;i 1 f laws and j)ro< ceding tor
the ^eeurib' ot person ande.,11 e leiiiscJ oi denied
to ncrroe-*. inula [toes, ii ceil :nci), rel uu< i or any other
poi -ons, on account ot i.h e. < olor, or a e> pro\ ions Con-
di lion 01' shivery or in vol nil tai.v-.ervi tu<!<;. exceot as a
punishment for crime, wie-roof the p.ntv ihall have}
oeen duly eonvii ted. or wherem t hey or any of tlicni
ai e sulllLCted to any other or dilforoiit puivdiinont,
t'.i'ie, or penalties lol the rw:unn"wn ot anv act or
(dVire^c than aie prescribed for white persons com-
muting: like acts or otfen^cs. it shall he the duty ot the
iVr^dcnt of the [hntcd States, thioaah the Oonnms-
' iei. to extend mifjtary protection and .inn-diction
o' or alt cases allcetins' such persons so diseruuinatal
mainst.
'fne language is very comprehensive. We
propose, (irst, to lctri.-liuo against the effects
i t "local law, ordinance, police, or other reg-
ulation;" then against "eu-tom," and lastly,
against "prejudice. ' and to provide that if
any of the civil rights or immunities ]>< lonping
to white poisons" are denied to any person be-
cause, of color, then that person shall be taken
under the military protection of 1 he Govern-
ment. T do not know whether that u 111 be un-
derstood to extend to, Indiana or not. That
will be a very nice point tor the bureau to de-
cide, I profane, after the enactment of the law.
The section limbs iis operation to "any State
or district in which the ordinary course of ju-
dicial proceedings has been interrupted by the
rebellion.'' It will be a little difficult to say
whether in the State of Indiana and Ohio the
ordinary course of judicial proceeding has or
has not' been interrupted. We had some war
in Indiana; we had a eery great raid through
that State, and some fighting; and I presume
that in some cases the proceedings of the courts
wore interrupted and the courts were unable to
go on with their business, so that it might be
said that even in some of the northern States
this provision of the bill would be applicable,
Suppose that it were applicable to the State of
Indiana, then every man in that State wdio at-
tempted to execute the constitution and laws of
the State would be liable for a violation of the
law. We do not, allow to colored people there
many civil rights and immunities which are en-
joyed by the white people. It became the pol-
icy of the State in ISoi to prohibit the immi-
gration of colored people into that State. I am
not going to discuss the question whether that
was a wise policy or not. At the time it re-
ceived the approval of my judgment. Under that
constitutional provision, and the laws enacted
in pursuance of it, a colored man coming into
the State since 1852 cannot acquire a title to
real estate, cannot make certain contracts, and
no negro man is allowed to intermarry with a
white woman. 'These are civil rights that are-
denied, and yet this bill proposes if they are
still (Tenied in any State whoso courts have been
interrupted by the rebellion, the military pro-
Lection of the Government shall be extended
over the person who is thus denied such civil
rights or immunities.
I understand, from the remarks of the Senator
who introduced this bill, when he gave notice
of its introduction, that ho places the power of
Congress to enact this law under the amend-
ment to the Constitution abolishing slavery. I
will consider that argument very briefly. That
constitutional amendment was in these words:
" Xeither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime wliercot the party shall
have been duly convicted, shall exist within the f lu-
ted States, or any plate subject to their jurisdiction.
" e i:o.Oorieress shall have power to eniorce this
article by appropriate legislation.''
.It is claimed that under this second section
Congress may do anything necessary, in its
judgment, not only to secure the freedom of the
negro, Imt to secure to him all civil rights that
are secured to white people. I deny that con-
struction. and it will be a very dangerous con-
struction to adopt. The first section abolishes
slavery. The second section provides that Con-
gress may cnforce the abolition of slavery "by
appropriate legislation." What.is slavery? It
is not a i elation between the slave and the State;
it is not a public relation; it is a relation be-
tween two persons whereby the conduct of the
one is placed under the will of the other. It is
purely and entirely a domestic relation, and is
so elas-'ed by all law writers : the law regulates
that relation as it regulate* other domestic re-
lations. This eonstitut 'onal amendment broke
asunder this private relation between the mas-
ter and his slave, and the davc then, so till- as
the right of the master concerned, became
free; but did the slave, uudcr that amendment,
acquire any other rieln than to be freeiioni the
control of his master? 'The law of the State
which authorized this relation i.-, abrogated and
annulled bv this provision of the Federal Con-
stitution. but, no new rights are conferred upon
the freedman.
Then, sir, to make a contract is a civil right
which has ordinarily been regulated by the
States. The form of that contract and the cere-
monies that shall attend it are not to be regu-
lated by Congress, but by the States. Sup-
pose that it becomes the judgment of the State
that a contract between a colored man and a
white mail shall be evidenced by other solemni-
ties and instinmentsthan are inquired between
two white men. shall not the State be allowed
to make such a provision ? Is it a civil right
to aive evidence m courts? is it a civil right
to . i! upon a jury.' If ii, be a civil right to sit
upon a jurv, this bill w ill require that, if any
negro is refused the privilege of sitting upon a
jury, he shall be taken under the military pro-
tection of the Government. Is the right to
marry according to a man's choice a civil ritrht?
Marriage is a civil contract, and to mairv'sie-
coiding to one's choice is a civil right. Sup-
pose a State shall deny the right of amalgama-
tion, the right of a negro man to intermarry
with a white woman, then that negro may be
taken under the military protection of the Gov-
ernment; and what does that mean? Under
the seventh section, in such a case as that, when
you have taken the negro under the military
protection of the Government,, perhaps sent a
squad of men after him, what is then to he done
when he is thus protected"? What is meant by
taking him under the protection of the Govern-
ment? Does it mean that this military power
shall enforce his civil right, without respect to
theprohibition ofthe local law? In other words,
if the law of Indiana, as it does, prohibits un-
der heavy penalty the marriage of a negro with
a white woman, may it bo said a civil right is
denied him which is enjoyed by*all white men,
to marry according to their choice, and if it is
denied, the military protection of the colored
gentleman is assumed, and what is the result
of it all ? I suppose they are then to be mar-
ried in the camp of the protecting officer with-
out regard to the State laws.
The next section of the bill provides punish-
ments where any of these things are done, where
an#right is denied toa coloi ed man v. hich under
State law is allowed to a white man. The lan-
guage is very-vague, and it is very difficult to
say what this section will mean. If it has as
broad a construction as is attempted to be given
tothe second section oftheconstitutionalamend-
ment, I would not undertake to guess what it
means. The section is in these words:
SkC. 8. And he it further ecThat any person
who, under color of unj' State or lo< a1 Jaw, nulinanee,
police, or oilier lobulation or eu-tom, shall, in any
ytate or district in which the ordinal v coui-e oi j adi-
cial proceedings lias been mien uptcd by the icbcl-
lion. subject, or cause^ 1o be subletted, any regro,
mulatto, freedman, refugee, or other person, on ac-
count of race or color, 01 any previous condition of
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment tor crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, or tor any other cause, to the depriva-
tion of any civil right secured to white persons, or to
any other or different punishment than white per-
sons are subject to for the commission of like acts or
offenses, shall be deemed cruilty of a misdemeanor,
and be punished by fine not exceeding sl.OOO, or im-
prisonment not exceeding one year, or both: and it
shall be the duty ot the oliiecrs and a^ent.- ot this
bureau to take jurisdiction ot, and heai and deter-
mine all offenses committed ngamst. the provisions
of this section, and also of all cases affecting necn-.es,
mulattoes, freedmen, refugees, or other peuens who
rig discriminated against in any of the particulars
mentioned in the preceding section of this <ict. under
?uch rules andres-ulationsas the President of the Uni-
ted States, tlnough the War Department, sJiall pre-
scribe.
" There, air, is tlie court and the punishment.
Any mail who shall deny to any colored man
any civil rights seeurod to white persons shall
he liable to be token before the cllicer?; of this
bureau and to lie punished according to the
provNioii^ of this section. In the iir'-f- place,
now that pence is ro^ored, now that there is
no war, now that men are no longer under mili-
taiy rule, but are under civil rule, i want to
know how sncli a court can lie organized: how
k is that the citizen mav he arrested without
indictment and be brought before the officers
of this bureau and tried without ajurv, tried
without the forms which the Constitution re-
quires.
But, sir, this section is most objectionable
in regard to the offense that it defines, if any
portion of the law ought to be certain, ii is that
which defines crime and prescribes the punish-
ment. What is meant by this general expres-
sion, "the deprivation of any civil right se-
cured to white persons?" The agent in one
State may construe it to mean oue thing, and
the agent in another State another tiling. It is
broad and comprehensive—the deprivation
of any civil right sccim d to white poi.^on?.''
That act of depiivation is 1he ciime that is to
be punished. Take 'h^ r.T-e ihai ' have just
rtj'eriod to: suppose a uiini.-iirr when callc-d
upon should refuse to solemnize a marriage
between a colored man and a white woman
