4262
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
ferees here were concerned' that they would
not agree to anything for wounded officers or
soldiers. In other words, they would make
no provision for the Veteran Reserve corps
except 
Mr. WARD. Mr. Speaker, is it in order to
move for another committee of conference ?
The SPEAKER. It would be if the gentle-
man had the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know my colleagues
on the conference committee will agree with
me, from the disposition manifested, and from
what was done, this is a nearer approach to the
matter than any we can adopt, and more likely
to result in something practical being done.
Sir, it is not necessary to go into details in ref-
erence to the conference, but perhaps 1 have
gone too far already. It was our conviction
the proposition I now make is the most feasi-
ble plan to arrive at any conclusion. I now
move to suspend the rules to enable this bill,
prepared with great care in accordance with
what was done by General Paine and myself,
to be introduced and put on its passage.
Mr. WARD. My object is to have some bill
adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask my colleague on
the committee [Mr. Paine] whether lie Joes
not understand we are more likely to get a bill
in this than in any other way. I will not
detain the House one moment longer than to
have my colleague express his opinion on this
subject for the benefit ofthe House.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Is that in
order?
The SPEAKER. Does the House consent ?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object.
Mr. WARD. Is my motion in order?
The SPEAKER. Not pending the motion
to suspend the rules.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
62, noes 44.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the rules were not suspended.
Mr. WARD. I now move that the House
still further insist upon its disagreement to the
amendments of tho Senate to the House sub-
stitute for the Army bill, and ask for another
committee of conference.
Tho motion was agreed to.
Mr. WARD moved to reconsider the vote
last taken; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tire senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced to the House that the
Senate had passed, without amendment, House
bill No. 814, for the relief of the sufferers by
fire at Portland.
adjournment 01? congress.
Mr. STEVENS.^ I learn that it will be im-
possible for us to finish up all our necessary
business by the time, to-morrow noon, fixed
for the adjournment of this Congress, and that
unless the session is extended we shall lose
several important bills in consequence of there
not being time in which to prepare them and
submit them to the President for his approval
and signature. I therefore submit the follow-
ing resolution for action at this time:
Resolved by the House of Representatives, (the Sen ate
concurring',) That the present session of Congress be,
and hereby is, extended until Saturday, the 28th
instant, at five o'cloek p. m.
Mr. DRIGGS. I move to amend the reso-
lution so as to extend the session to two o'clock
p. m. of Monday next.
Mr. STEVENS. My own judgment is in
favor of Monday; but I find such a determina-
tion on the part of members to go home that I
fear it will be impossible to keep a quorum
here till Monday.
Mr. SCOFIELD. I would suggest to my
colleague [Mr. Stevens] that he had better
withdraw the resolution for the present. He
can offer it again to-morrow morning if it shall
then be found necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we better act upon
it now.
Mr. FINCK. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that he
better let this matter go over until to-morrow
morning at eleven o'clock. We will then know
whether we shall need to have the session ex-
tended or not.
Mr. STEVENS. It is important that the
question should be settled now in order that
we may know what arrangements to make. I
see several members on the wing now, hover-
ing about as if ready to fly away. I will modify
the resolution so as to extend the session to half
past four o'clock to-morrow afternoon.^
Mr. DRIGGS. At the request of friends, I
will withdraw my amendment.
Mr. STEVENS.. I now call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution of Mr. Stevens, as modified; and being
taken, upon a division there were—ayes 65,
noes 38.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
On motion of Mr. SCOFIELD, the House
(at twenty minutes to five o'clock p. m.) took
a recess till half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The hour of half past seven o'clock p. m.
having arrived, tho House resulted its session.
select committee on civil service.
Mr. JENCKES, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
road, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the select committee on tho civil
service of the United States, heretofore authorized
by a resolution of this House, bo continued during
the second or subsequent session of tho Thirty-Ninth
Congress, and that it may continue to exercise the
powers conferred by said resolution.
wyandotte mission cihjecii.
Mr. PRICE. I move that the Committee
of tho Whole be discharged from the further
consideration of Senate bill No. 353, for the
relief of the trustees and stewards of the Miss-
sion church of tho Wyandotte Indians.
Mr. CULLOM objected, but subsequently
withdrew his objection.
Mr. FIN OK renewed the objection.
Mr. PRICE. Then, I move to suspend the
rules for that purpose.
The SPEAKER. That motion is not now
in order. The House is now acting under the
previous question, which was ordered before
the recess, upon the bill of the House (No.
632,) to authorize the building of a military
and postal railroad from Washington, District
of Columbia, to the city of New York; and
until that bill is disposed of no other business
is in order except by unanimous consent.
assassination of president lincoln.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from tho Committee on Printing the
following resolution:
Reiolved, That there be printed for the use of this
House, ten thousand copies of the report of the Ju-
diciary Committee upon the alleged complicity of
Jefferson Davis in tho assassination of President
Lincoln.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to amend the resolution so that it shall include
an equal number of the minority report when
made.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. _ I would sug-
gest that they be ordered to be printed together,
if the minority report is submitted in time to
be printed with the majority report.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I will
modify my amendment to that effect.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and also
moted to lay the motion to reconsider upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
provost marshal's bureau.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, re-
ported from the Committee on Printing the
following resolution:
Resolved, That there be printed two thousand extra
copies of the report of the committee appointed to
investigate the provost marshal and his bureau, for
the use of the committee, and five hundred for the use
of the House.  
Mr. ANCONA. I think those numbers
should be reversed.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will remark that this has
been customary in regard to reports of this
character. The members of the committee
are more particularly interested in the report
than are the other members of the House.
However, if objection is made to the distribu-
tion proposed by the resolution I am willing
to modify it so as to make it fifteen hundred
for the use of the committee and fifteen hun-
dred for the use of the House.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to lay the resolution
on the table.
Mr. LAFLIN. If the gentleman will with-
draw that motion I will modify the resolution
so as to make it five-hundred for the commit-
tee and two thousand for the House.
Mr. HARRIS. I will withdrew the motion
for that purpose.
Mr. LAFLIN. I modify the resolution so
as to make it provide five hundred copies for
the use of the committee and two thousand for
the use of the House.
The resolution, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
postal service appropriation.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to introduce a supplemental appro-
priation bill for the Post Office Department,
which has been rendered necessary by the
great number of post routes which have been
established by the action of this Congress. I
have the consent of the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations [Mr. Stevens] to
introduce it at this time, and I ask that it may
be considered and passed at once.
No objection was made.
Mr. ALLEY accordingly introduced a bill
for an act supplemental to the act to appro-
priate money for the postal service; which
was read a first and second time.
The bill was read at length. It appropriates
the sum of $486,525 for carrying the mail upon
the post routes established by act of Congress
passed during the first session of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1867.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and,
read a third time; and it was accordingly read
the third time and passed.
Mr. ALLEY moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
memphis riots.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask unanimous
consent to submit a motion instructing the Com-
mittee ou Printing to report back within one
hour the resolution referred to them provid-
ing for the printing of the reports of the com-
mittee appointed to investigate the late Mem-
phis riots, with such recommendation or modi-
fication, if any, as they may deem proper to
report.
Mr. ■SHANKLIN. I object.
watchmen in capitol rotunda.
Mr. DRIGGS. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce, for consideration at the present time,
the following joint resolution:
Resolved by the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United Mates of America in Congress assembled 
That the watchmen in the Rotunda of the Capitol bo
