1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4268
allowed the same pay as is allowed to the Capitol
police, to take effect the 1st day of January, 1886.
Mr. KASSON. I object.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBBIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled bills and
jdint resolutions of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (H. K. No. 597) to authorize the use
in post offices of weights of the denomination
of grams;
An act (H. R. No. 759) to authorize the re-
funding of certain taxes;
An act (H. R. No. 809) to further regulate
the printing of public documents and the pur-
chase of paper for public printing;
An act (H. R. No. 810) amendatory of sec-
tion thirteen of an act-entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and for other pur-
poses,' approved June 30, 1864," approved
March 3, 1865;
An act (H. R. No. 814) for the relief of suf-
ferers by fire at Portland; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 140) to enable
the Secretary of the Treasury to furnish to each
State one set of the standard weights and meas-
ures of the metric system.
AIR-LINE EAILBOAD AGAIN.
Mr. STEVENS. *1 now call for the considera-
tion of the regular order of business.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of House bill No. G32, to authorize
the building of a military and postal railroad
from Washington, District of Columbia, to. the
city of New York; upon which the previous
question had been seconded and the main ques-
tion ordered.
The question was upon the passage of the
bill.
Mr. BERGEN called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 59, nays 44, not voting
83 ; as follows :
YEAS—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Baker, Barker,
Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham, Bromwell, Sidney Clarke,
Cobb, Conkling, Cullom, Defrecs, Delano, Driggs, Du-
mont, Farnsworth, Garfield, AbnerC. Harding, Hart,
Ilayes, Higby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, John II. Hubbard,
James R. Hubbcll, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Itet-
cham, Koontz, Kuykendall.Laflm, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, McClurg,
Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Morris, Pane,
Perham, Plants, Sawyer, Shellabarger, Spalding, Ste-
vens, Stokes, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trowbridge, Van
Aernam, Burt*Van Horn, "Ward, Williams, JamesF.
Wilson, and Stephen F. Wilson—-59.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Aneona, Bergen, Boutwell,
Broomall, Cooper, Eldridgc, Eliot, Finck.Glossbren-
ncr, Harris, Hogan, Chester D. Hubbard, Kasson.Kel-
lcy, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Leftwich, Marshall,
Maynard, McCullough. Myers, Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth, Phelps, Price, Iladtord,
Samuel J. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John II. Rice,
Rosters, Rollins, Ross, Shanldin, Taber. Nelson Tay-
lor." John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, and Win-
field—-14. _ . , , ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks. Beaman, Benja-
min, Blaine, Blow, Boyer, Brandegee, Buckland,
Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Culver,
Darling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Deming, Denison,
Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Eckley, Eggleston, lar-
quhar, Ferry, Goodyear, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Henderson, Hill,Hooper, Asa-
licl W.IIubbard, DemasHubbard. Edwin N. Hubbcll,
llulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Kelso, Long-
year, Marston. Marvin, Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer,
Moulton, Nocll, Patterson, Pike, Pomeroy, William
II. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Schenck, Sconeld,
Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Stilwell, Strouse,
Thayer, Francis Thomas, Upson, Robert!'.Van Horn,
Warner, Elihu B. Washburne, Henry D. Washburn,
William B. Washburn, Welker, Wentworth, Whaley,
Windom, Woodbridge, and Wright—83.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
DEFICIENCY APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. KASSON, from the Committee on Ap-
propriations, reported back Senate amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. yOl) entitled
"An act to supply deficiencies in the appro-
priations for the service of the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, I860, and for other purposes."
The amendments of the Senate were read,
as follows:
First amendment:
On page 2, line four, after the word " extension"
insert "namely."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Second amendment:
On page 3, at tho ond of line six, insert the follow-
ing:
Provided, That from and after June SO, 1866, the
regular compensation of the female folders in the
dead letter office shall be at the rate of fifty dollars
per month.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Third amendment:
On page 3, strike out lines fourteen and fiftoen, as
follows: ...
For additional compensation to the Assistant At-
torney General, $500.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence#
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourth amendment:
On page 3, strike out lines sixteen and soventoen, as
For amount required for salaries of clerks, $2,800.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
On page 3, strike out lines eighteen and nineteen,
as follows: ...
For temporary clerks, additional compensation to
clerks, &c., 610,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
On page 3, strike out lines twenty and twenty-one,
as follows:
For contingent expenses, $o,o00.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Seventh amendment :
On page 4, strike out lines fourteen and fifteon, as
^Salltry ofthedeputysolieitorof the Court of Claims,
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
On page 4, strike out lines sixteen, seventeen, and
eighteen, as follows: .
The salary of tho assistant solicitor ol the Court ot
Claims shall be the same as that of the solicitor of
said court.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
Mr. KASSON. This amendment is simply
a verbal change, to correct an error in enroll-
ing the bill, the proper title of the officer being
" deputy solicitor," instead of " assistant soli-
citor." The amendment does not increase at
all the pay which this officer has heretofore
received.
The amendment was concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
On page 4, after the word "court" in line eighteen,
insert tho following: . ,
The compensation of the deputy solicitor of the
Courtof Claims shall be. from and after June 30, 18bb,
$3500, payable quarterly, out of any money m the
Treasury not otherwise appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
Tenth amendment:
On page 5, in line one, insert five' after fifty, so
as to read fifty-five dollars.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred m.
Eleventh amendment:
On page 6, after line twenty-three, insert the fol-
'°To'complete the repairing and furnishing ol the
President's House, $20,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amtfadmeut was non-concurred in.
Twelfth amendment:
On page 7, in lines twelve and thirteen, strike out
these words:
That the Secretary of the Treasury is hereby
authorized.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirteenth amendment:
On page 7, strike out, in lines nineteen and twenty,
the words " and that tho sum of."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fourteenth amendment:
On page 7, in line twenty, after " of" insert " under
tho direction of the Secretary of the Treasury."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Fifteenth amendment:
On page 7, strikeout after "dollars," in line twenty,
the following: .
Is hereby appropriated for said alteration and
repairs, payable out of any money in the Treasury
not othorwiso appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Sixteenth amendment:
Pago 8, after line thirteen, insert:
For this amount, or so much thereof as may be
necessary to pay the indebtedness incurred for the
Indian service in tho Stato of Oregon and the Terri-
tory of Washington, in the years 1860,18G1, and 1802,
840,000.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrencc.
Tho amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventeenth amendment:
Page 9. after line four, insort: .
To enable the Secretary ot tho Intorior to pay tho
reasonable costs and expenses actually paid or in-
curred by the delegates of tho southern Cherokecsm
coming to and going from Washington, and during
That said sums...  --- —   -
the proceedsofthesalesoftheCherokcenoutral lands
in Kansas.
Tho Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighteenth amendment:
Page 9, line twelve, striko out "seven" at the begin-
ning of tho line and insert " six."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Nineteenth amendment:
Pasc 9, lino twelve, after the word " of'strike out
"S 1,870 45'' and insert "8374 65;" so it will road:
Sec. 2. And be it farther enacted, That for increased
compensation of the chief justice and associato nis-
tices of tho supreme court of tho District of Columbia,
authorized by the second section of the act of June 1,
1866 from the 1st day of June, lhSo, to the 30th day of
June, 1867, the sum of $374 65 is hereby appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twentieth amendment:
Strike out tho following:
Sec. 3. And be 4 further enacted, That such sum as
may be required to enable the Clerk of the House 01
Representatives to execute the resolutions ot tho
House of the present set-sion, directing the payment
of increased and additional compensation to otneers,
clerks, messengers, and others in the employ ot tbo
House of Representatives, be, and thesame is hereby,
appropriated out of any money m the Ireasnry not
otherwise appropriated.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended liqp-concnrrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-first amendment:
Striko out the following: ti.i Ho
Skc i And be it further enacted, That the words
" one\-ear," m the proviso regulat ng the distribution
of *1 certain fund umong the clcrks and employes of
theTre^uiy Department who had served therein ono
year prior to July 1, 1806, in tho act. making, appro-
Wiations for 4e legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of tho Government for the year ending June
