1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2343
man from Illinois has put precisely the con-
trary construction on this resolution from what
was intended by the committee, and from what
it means. It is a measure of protection to in-
ventors and to the people of the country. If
he had considered a moment what the state of
our law regarding the granting of patents is, I
do not think he would have made the remarks
he has. Any one who visits the Exposition of
1867, and sees exhibited machines for the first
time, may prepare drawings and make some
modification to apply for a patent to this coun-
try. The Exposition will not preclude him
from" obtaining a patent. Its publication in
some foreign work will preclude him, and
nothing else. Hence the office has twice be-
fore met with trouble on similar occasions,
and asks to have a" measure of prevention in
this third case. ,
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Boutwell] will understand how this may be.
The information he has spoken of as ob-
tained through publications may be long after
the machinery has been done. We get the
papers from the London office for a small sum.
They supply intelligence from there as fast as
the steamers can bring it here ; but in Franco
and Belgium information is not supplied'as
rapidly. It requires time to get copies of these
patents. To- get the volumes at our Patent
Office sometimes requires three years.
Now, this Exposition takes place in Paris.
Probably machines will be exhibited the first
time and patents will bo applied for near or
about the time. Hundreds of people will visit
the Exposition for the purpose of seeing what
is new. Persons who have invented articles
of a similar kind will get from this exhibition
ideas of improvement on their own machines,
or will take their ideas bodily from the foreign
machines and take out patents in this country
which cannot be invalfdatedby the exhibition of
the articles there. It is not only forthepurpose
of protecting the office against swindling in-
ventors, but to protect the people of this coun-
try against swindling patents, and against the
claims which may grow out of them.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I ask whether the Ex-
position is not in its very nature calculated to
guard the Patent Office here from frauds such
as the gentleman from Rhode Island suggests.
The articles exhibited are likely to be pub-
lished in the journals of France and Great
Britain simultaneously with the Exhibition.
Mr. JENCKES. The moment any article is
described in any journal in any country where
the article is produced a patent obtained in
this country from that fact is invalidated, as the
fentleman knows. Therefore the security we
ave from the Exhibition is great. If the de-
scriptions were to be published simultaneously
there would be no need of this, I agree. It is
, from the fact that they are not published sim-
ultaneously that this is needed. The official
records of the Exhibitions in England and
Prance were not published until two years
after they had taken place.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I agree that the^ official
report of the proceedings of the Exhibition and
description of the articles exhibited would not
be published for a considerable length of time;
' but the gentleman from Rhode Island knows
very well that the publication in newspapers
invalidates the patent in this country.
Mr. JENCKES. There is no provision that
such provision shall be made.
Mr. BOUTWELL. They are certain to be
Mr. JENCKES. The gentleman must see
this must be done at the opening of the-Expo-
sition, when these applications will be made
here unless we take this measure to prevent'
them.
Mr. CHANLER demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was secondeH and
the main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the joint resolu-
tion be laid upon the table.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the joint resolution was
laid upon the table; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
philos b. tyler.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut, from the
Committee on Patents, reported a bill for the
relief of Philos B. Tyler; which was read a first
and second time.
The bill authorizes the Commissioner of
Patents to dgcide upon the application of the
petitioner for an extension of his patent for the
further term of seven years, the same as if it
had not been already extended.
.Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I call for
tne reading of the report.
The report was read.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I can state
in a few words all the facts that are material in
this case. The improvement in cotton presses
for the shipping of cotton, invented by this man,
is one of great public utility, as was shown by
all the testimony before the committee; and
such is the opinion of the Commissioner of
Patents. These presses are only available to
any important extent in the cotton-growing
States.
The invention was patented on the 16th of J an-
uary, 1845. Just before the time of its expira-
tion, namely, in January, 1859, the petitioner
applied to the then Commissioner of Patents,
Hon. Joseph Holt, for a renewal. Ho obtained
a renewal for seven years. It appears that dur-
ing the first fourteen years he perfected the
improvement, and constructed and sold divers
presses at the South, from which ho realized
a profit of ยง23,417 22, which sum the Commis-
sioner deemed to be a very inadequate com-
pensation in view of the great public utility of
the invention. The Commissioner, in his re-
port, says that it has saved to the country mil-
lions of dollars. The committee regard it as
an invention of the greatest importance, and
although the inventor during the whole fourteen
years has realized, as appeared by the account
submitted of expenditures and receipts, soiwe
twenty-three thousand dollars, the committee
believe that that was an entirely inadequate
compensation for the great service which he
had rendered to the country.
Upon the renewal of the patent by the Com-
missioner of Patents in January, 1850, the
petitioner went to the South and obtained
divers orders for presses ; returned, gathered
up material at great expense for the construc-
tion of machines, employed men and went to
work diligently in their construction, the orders
having been obtained a year in advance and
the machines to be sold on credit. But before
he could perfect his machines and get them
into market to any considerable extent the
southern rebellion came on, which prostrated
all his efforts and ruined his business at once,
by means of which he lost a vast amount in
material- and in wages which he had to pay to
his employes. He also lost a great deal in the
way of debts that were due to him from the
cotton-growing States. His losses, in fact,
were so great that the $28,000 that had been
realized by him was not only absorbed, but he
was ruined in his estate and became a bank-
rupt, as I was informed. His whole estate,
in point of fact, was swept away. It costs a
very considerable sum to make one of these
machines.
Now, he came to Congress with a petition
asking that the seven years, which were ren-
dered unavailable to him in consequence of
the rebellion, and which resulted in his utter
ruin, shall be given to him over again, as if
no renewal had been granted. _ The committee
think that it is an equitable claim. In fact, we
never heard a more equitable claim. Surely
none has ever been presented to the commit-
tee which seemed to make so strong an appeal
to our sense of right and justice. But the
committee do not ask that a bill be passed
directing the Commissioner of Patents to grant
this renewal. We have adopted a rule on this
subject by which we are bound and restricted,
and we only report a bill which authorizes Mr.
Tyler, the petitioner, to submit his case to the
Commissioner just as if his patent had not
been renewed for seven years, during- the time
of the rebellion; to submit all the facts and
circumstances of itto bring his witnesses,
and if ho can convince the Commissioner of
Patents-that in equity and in law he is entitled
to a renewal, then he is to have it.
This is all that pertains to the case so far as
I know. Unless some gentleman desires to ba
heard upon it, I will move the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. UPSON. The reason, as I understand
it, why it is urged that the patent shall be
renewed is on account of the war. I have yet
to learn that we are to guaranty to all indi-
viduals payment for damages sustained on
account of the war.
This patent has now been running fourteen
years. I understand the gentleman to say that
the patentee^as made $23,000, but the com-
mittee think that is not enough, and that,
therefore, we must extend the patent in order
to enable him to make some more money, for
the reason that the war prevented him from
making as much as he otherwise would have
made.
Wo are now, by a bill pending before the
House, proposing to tax cotton five or six cents
per pound, and in addition to that, it is now
proposed to levy this additional tax for the
machinery to be used in pressing it. It seems
to mo that the same reason would justify the
extension of every patent which was renewed
before the war broke out. For one, I am
opposed to this measure.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I may say
that generally anything that is reported by my
distinguished friend from Connecticut [Mr.
Hit,turd] is commended to my consideration,
for 1 know how careful lie is and how right he
is generally on all matters which come before
the House for consideration ; but I must con-
fess that I am somewhat astonished to see him
"switch off" on this patent cotton-gin affair.
Now, I have read the report, and if the House
have listened to it I think they will agree with
me that there is no occasion for us to depart
from the principle the House has adhered to
in the last two Congresses without a single ex-
ception, when they have resolutely refused,
even under the greatest pressure, to extend
patents.
Now, sir, in the first instance, this man got
a patent for this machine for seven years, then
he got his patent renewed for seven years more.
Tie lias had his patent for fourteen years, and
his petition shows that lie has received between
twenty-three and twenty-four thousand dollars.
And now, after showing that fact, he comes
here and asks us to do what? Notwithstand-
ing that he has had this patent for fourteen
years, he asks us to remit the question back to
the Patent Office as an original case, and per-
mit them to grant him another patent.
I think the reasons which he alleges are utter-
ly insufficient to justify us in granting what he
wishes; and, as was well said by the gentle-
man from Michigan, [Mr. Upsox,] the point
on which it is put would apply to all of these
cases. This man claims that during the war
he could not use his patent as he would have
done if there had been no rebellion ; and hence .
he comcs hero and asks us to reimburse him
for that loss. On the same principle every man
who had a patent renewed before the war can
come here and ask a renewal of his patent.
Now, Congress has for the last two or three
years, as I have stated guarded, perhaps more
vigilantly than anything else, this matter of
allowing parties who have patents to have them
renewed. This is not a case in which the party
shows that he has any claim upon us to depart
from the principle upon which we have here-
tofore acted. I hope, therefore, that the House
will not pass this bill.
Mr. DAWES. It is true, as the papers in
the case set forth, that this man has received
in fourteen years the gross sum of $23,000 irom.
this patent. I think it hardly follows from that
