1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE,
1383
Mr. NESMITH. The Senator will permit
me to sav that the proposition to which he al-
ludes, I think, was contained in the original
bill introduced into the .Senate and rcfoned to I
the committee. I do not think the committee
ever sanctioned that; I think it was stricken out
in the bill as reported back. That is my recol-
lection ; but the Senator speaks of it as having
had the sanction of the committee, and of the
committee having changed their minds on the
subject.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I believe that bill came
from the chairman of the committee, and 1
thought it was reported from the committee.
I was not advised upon Ihe particular facts.
'When we came to examine this bill to-day, I
was disappointed in not finding that provision
here, and I am sure these men will feel a very
deep disappointment. It is a matter that 1
feel an interest in, because I know many of
these men, and I know them to be qualified to
render good ser\ ice to the country, and they
have a great sensitiveness about going on the
pension list. If they can serve the country, we
ought to give them the opportunity to do so.
It is a profession which they have now pursued
for live years, forbidding to some extent the
other pursuits to which they were accustomed,
disabled many of them from making a living in
other pursuits, but competent to render valu-
able services in connection with the Army.
Mr. FESSHNDEN. 1 denytlie proposition
with which the honorable Senator began, and
that was that the Government gave these men
to understand that they were to be permanently
retained. There is not the slightest particle
of foundation l'or that remark. The Veteran
Reserve corps was organized merely for tempo-
rary purposes, to pciform certain light duties
that could be performed by men of that class,
and which mast, be done by somebody, and thus
increase the available number of able-bodied
men, those who were able to do duty in the field.
That was the single and simple object, and it
had no reference to the future in any possible
way. At the same time it afforded to a certain
number of men, who had been disabled and in-
jured, employment, and so long as their ser-
vices could be of any value to the country it
was very well to keep up the corps and let them
perform that light duty.
Now', sir, what are the facts'? The men in
the Veteran Reserve corps form a very small
portion of the wounded men of the volunteer
army, probably not one in twenty. A great
many officers were wounded, and not being
able to recover within a certain time they wore
mustered out, dismissed, and went home. A
certain other number, when this Veteran Re-
serve corps was organized, found employment
in it, wdiiie nineteen out of twenty went home
and went out of service wounded; and when
they recovered, if not mustered out, they went
back into the field and rendered scrvice. A
certain proportion of the wounded officers were
retained in the service, got all the pay that men
in active scrvice received, had light duty with
110 danger in it, but have had all the pay and all
the wages for two years, and at the end of the
two years they come forward and say that they,
are a choice corps to be retained when all the
rest who were wounded and who served as well
as they did had to go out of service, and are
not considered at all. Now, the Senator would
have ten regiments officered by these men,
when I undertake to say there are not enough
officers altogether in the Veteran Reserve corps
who are good for anything to officer ten regi-
ments of the Veteran Reserve corps.
Now, sir, how do they stand under this bill?
They have' had all these advantages. They
were selected for light duty when other wounded
officers were mustered out of service, or if not
mustered out of service wont back into the
field ; and after having had for two years this
advantage over tlic-ir wounded comrades, so
much more numerous than they are' in the
proportion, I nm told, of at least twenty to one—
they come forward and say that because they
have been in the Veteran Reserve corps, and
because they have had this light duty all the
time, when other officers have not, therefore
they should be preferred, reserved, provided
for, and all of them be sure of commissions,
when many of the rest of the volunteer officers
who have served during the war arc to be ex-
cluded because there is no chance for them.
In my judgment the proposition that is made
by those ofScers of the Veteran Reserve corps
is certainly the most selfish one that I ever
knew advanced.on any occasion. Why, sir, in
the first place most of them who got their ap-
pointments in the Veteran Reserve corps got
vastly increased rank. I know of one man
who served on somebody's staff as a captain,
and I believe 1 could tell where he is from ; ho
got the rheumatism and came here and got
appointed into the Veteran Reserve corps, was
taken into the office of the Provost Marshal
General, or somebody else's, and there ho rose
regularly to the rank of colonel, and I believe
was made a brevet brigadier general, and he
never saw a day's service after he was captain.
That is one of them. There is an officer from
my own State whom I recommended for an
appointment in the Veteran Reserve- corps,
lie went into the field for awhile on the staff
of a brigadier general, and served very well—
a very fair officer; wo have got many who are
not quite as good as he is. Then he got com-
mand of a regiment and went down to Rich-
mond, but his health entirely failed, he ren-
dered no service at the head of liis regiment,
he came up here and went into the Veteran
Reserve corps, becoming lieutenant colonel and
afterward coloncl, and he is to be provided
for at all events, while many of the men who
have served through the war and won high
reputation are to bo,excluded because there is
no place for them.
The officers of the Veteran Reserve corps
stand as good a, chance as other wounded offi-
cers under this bill; they ought, not to stand
any better. If there are fine officers among
them, they take their chance of being selected,
if they are so disabled that they cannot get
a living at home on account of the state of their
health they are not fit to be officers in active
service, and the country had better give them
the pensions to which they are entitled. That
is the simple truth. In organizing the Army
my notion is that we want men who can len-
der service on the frontier and anywhere. If
you make ten regiments of men on the assump-
tion of the Senator from Indiana that they arc
not fit in reality, that is, that they are so dis-
abled that they cannot get a living by labor,
the result is that you get ten regiments of com-
paiative incapables. If there are men ill the
Veteran Reserve corps who have not recov-
ered and are not fit for service, and who will
not be fit for service, they ought not to be made
officers of the Army. If they have recovered
and are goSd officers they stand a chance with
all the other volunteer officers. Many of those
other officers have been mustered out, and the
officers of this corp,5 have had the very great
advantage of light duty and no danger, with
full pay for two years, when other officers have
been receiving nothing.
I see that in a communication which they
have sent to mo—and I suppose every other
Senator has received it—they compare them-
selves to Napoleon's Old Guard; they call
themselves the Old Guard—they who served
awhile, were wounded, came home, recov-
ered. and were then put on light duty with
full pay. I liad the idea that the Old Guard
was selected from the strongest and hardi-
est and ablest men to do the very hardest
work. I am not a military man, and per-
haps I may be mistaken: but I do not think
the Old Guard of Waterloo was composed of
invalids; and yet that is what this corps com-
pare themselves to in the document to which
I allude. That there are good officers among
them 1 have no doubt, very good officers; and
they will stand their chance with all the others.
They have served the requisite time, and if
they have served with distinction their merits,
I trust, will not be overlooked. But ttiis "at-
tempt to take ten regiments and fill them -up
with that class of officers who have' been in
service all the time with this light duty, and
received so much more from the Government
than their wounded, companions, seems to me
to be grossly, unjust to the rest of the Army,
and I am very glad that that proposition was
struck out of the bill by the committee.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. Pro;-,! dent, about twenty -
five Veteran Reserve regiments were created,
with more than six hundred officers. Many of
these officers, in fact, so far as I know, all of
them, are most excellent, officers and excellent
gentlemen; but they wore organized for a spe-
cial purpose, and they have performed that
duty, I believe, well. Several of those officers
are now employed specially by the Freedmen's
Bureau, ana have rendered and are rendering
excellent service. When I introduced the
original bill, it provided for eight regiments
"to be composed of men who have been
wounded or discharged from service on ac-
count of disease contracted in the line of duty,
the officers of which shall be selected from the
Veteran Reserve corps or other officers of vol-
unteers who have been disabled in the service."
My idea was to organize seven or eight regi-
ments of men who had been wounded, and
that they should be officered by the officers of
the Veteran Reserve corps or other wounded
officers, because the country is full of other
wounded officers who have not been in the
Veteran Reserve corps, and who are entitled
certainly ft> the same consideration as the offi-
cers of that corps ; but all the generals who
have been consulted in regard to this reorgan-
ization of (he Army very strongly oppose any
attempt to organize regiments composed of
wounded or disabled men. They say that a
large percentage of the men that are enlisted
arc always disabled men and will be in all the
regiments; and that separate regiments ought
not to be formed of men who are disabled.
The duty generally assigned to the Veteran
Reserve regiments about the hospitals andguard
duty in the country is over by the end of the
war, and now wo have to scud regiments into
the field, especially into the mountains and on
the frontier whore the duty will be pretty heavy
and pretty hard. The leading officers of tho
Army arc very strong in opposition to organ-
izing such regiments.
The officers of the Veteran Reserve corps,
however, and the officers who have been
wounded in the service will, under this bill,
stand on the samo footing as others ; and I
think that wherever the Government can take
care of any of the wounded officers it 'ought
to do so whether they have been in the Veteran
Reserve corps or not. If I had to make a selec-
tion of officers under this bill, I should cer-
tainly bo careful that tho. officers selected were
abundantly qualified, and had the scars of bat-
tle upon them. I should endeavor as far as
possible to put such officers into the public
scrvice. If, however, they are so wounded
that they cannot perform their duties, the pub-
lie scrvice must always be cared for before
individuals,
The committee after mature consideration
reported the bill in its present form. There
was, I may say, some division in the commit-
tee in regard to it; but the military men, the
high officers of the Army, have been from the
beginning very strenuous against organizing
regiments of wounded or diseased men, or offi-
cering entire regiments with wounded men.
They are all, however, so far as I know from
their expressions, in favor, where they can do
it, of putting men into the service who have
been wounded in battle.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not attached to
the form of the amendment which I have pro-
posed. My object is to secure appointments
for the men who have been disabled, technically
speaking, who have received wounds, but are
yet able to discharge military duty. We all
know that there are such cases. The Senator
from Maine speaks of these men as persons;
