1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3303
any time upon this subject, and therefore I
shall move that the House non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate to the joint resolu-
tion relative to the Paris Exposition. It need
not take much time to get through with it, un-
less the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wasii-
burne] insists upon having all these bills read.
Mr. WASTIBURNE, of Illinois. I am
opposed to this resolution ab initio, and I
desire to have it defeated by every honorable
means. It has come back from the Senate
with an appropriation of $25,000 in gold
added to the enormous appropriation which
was made by the House. And now the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Basks] wants
to subordinate all other legislation to this
Johnny Crapaud expedition.
Mr. BANKS. I beg permission to say sim-
ply that I am oppospd to the amendment of
the Senate, and shall move that the House
non-concur in it. Although the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Washburne] has a right to
oppose the joint resolution, it is questionable
whether he has a right to consume so mncli
of the time of the House in doing so.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. This is
not a consumption of time of my seeking.
But the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Banks] seeks to get an advantage over every
other bill upon the Calendar in order that he
may force through his Paris Exposition res-
olution. Now, as we are in Committee of the
Whole, I desire that other bills on the Calendar
shall have an equal chance with that joint
resolution. In my judgment there are other
bills of far more importance than that.
Mr. BANKS. Is my motion in order to lay
this Winnebago reservation bill aside for the
present?
The CHAIRMAN. That motion is in order.
Mr. BANKS. Then I hope the question
will be taken.
Mr. WASIIBUUNE, of Illinois. Have I
not the right to have the bill read?
The CHAIliMAN. The Chair will read the
rule on that subject:
" In Committee of tho Whole on the state of tho
Union, the bills shall be taken up and disposed of in
their order on the Calendar; but when objection is
made to tho consideration of a bill, a majority of tho
committee shall decide, without debate, whether it
shall be taken up and disposed of or laid asido."
The Chair holds that the question must be
taken at once upon the motion to lay this bill
aside.
Mr. BANKS. I hope the committee will lay
it asido.
Mr. WASIIBURNE,_ of Illinois. How can
the committee determine whether to lay it
asido or not unless they know what is in the
bill?
The CHAIRMAN. The title of the bill dis-
closes the subject to which it relates.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. What is the
question before the committee?
The CHAIRMAN. The question is upon
the motion of the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Banks] to lay aside Senate bill No.
121.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask that that
bill be read.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair has just
decided that the vote must be taken at once
upon the motion to lay the bill aside.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Then I appeal
from the decision of the Chair. I hold that
I have a right to have the bill read, in order
to know what it is I am called upon to lay
aside.
Mr. SPALDING. What is the title of the
bill that it is moved to lay aside?
The CHAIRMxVN. An act to provide for
the enlargement of the Winnebago reservation
in the Territory of Nebraska, and for other
purposes,
Mr. STEVENS. It is very important that
that bill should be passed at once, [laughter,]
and I hope the committee will consider it now,
and not lay it aside.
The CHAIRMAN. _ An appeal having been
taken from the decision of the Chair by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Harding,] the
first question is, Shall the decision of the Chair
stand as the judgment of the committee ?
Mr. STEVENS. Let me understand the
question. Does the Chair decide that it is not
necessary to read the bill before the vote is
taken upon the motion to lay it aside?
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair rules that the
vote must be taken at once upon the motion
to lay the bill aside, without debate and with-
out reading the bill. And the question now
is, Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the
judgment of the committee ?
The question was taken; and there were,
upon a division—ayes GO, noes 1G ; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Banks, and
Mr. washburxe of Illinois, were appointed.
The committee again divided ; and the tell-
ers reported—ayes 75, noes 11; no quorum
voting, and the tellers resumed their seats.
The CHAIRMAN announced the vote as—
ayes 85, noes 11.
Mr. WAS1IBIJRNE, of Illinois. The Chair
is in error; the vote was—ayes 75, noes 11;
and the rule requires that when the committee
finds it3elf without a quorum the roll of mem-
bers' names shall be called.
Mr. BANKS. There is a quorum present.
Mr. ANCONA. I call for a new count, as
there seems to be some error.
The CHAIRMAN. There is some misun-
derstanding as to the count by the tellers. If
there is no objection, the Chair will direct the
tellers to resume their stations, and the ques-
tion will be again put to tho committee.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
Tho CHAIRMAN. Then the Clerk will
call the roll.
The roll was accordingly called; and the
following members failed to answer to their
names r
Messrs. Alley, Anderson, .Tames 51. Ashley, Bergen,
Bidwell, Blow, Bvande^ee, Chanter, Header W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, ColTroth, Conkling, Cul-
ver, Darling, Defvoes, Delano, Eckley, Farnsworth,
Ferry, Giinnell, Griswold, Hale, Jlairis, lint I, Hill,
Hotclikiss, Edwin N. Huf>bell, ITulhurd, Johnson,
Jones, Kerr, Laflin, William Lawrence, Melndoe,
McKec, Miller, Morris, Moalton, Nicholson, Nodi,
Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Radford, Raymond,
Roeers, Ross, Rousseau, Seoticld, Shanklin, Sloan,
Smith. Starr, Taylor, Thayer, John L.Thomas, !j p>on,
Burt Van llorn, Ward, Whaley, Williams, Wood-
bridge, and Wright.
The committee thou rose ; and tho Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeroy re-
ported that tho Committee of tho Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration Senate bill No. 121, to provide for
the enlargement of the Winnebago reservation
in the Territory of Nebraska, and for other
purposes, and finding itself without a quorum,
had directed the roll to be called and the names
of the absentees to be reported to the House.
The SPEAKER stated that a quorum hav-
ing answered to their names, the committee
would resume its session.
The committee resumed its session, (Mr.
Pomeroy in the chair.)
The question recurring, Shall the decision
of tho Chair stand as the judgment of the
committee?
Mr. BANKS. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered ; and Mr. Banks, and
Mr. Washburxe of Illinois, were appointed
The committee divided ; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 85, noes 15.
So the decision of the Chair was sustained.
The question recurring on the motion of Mr.
Banks that the bill (S. No. 121) be laid aside,
the motion was agreed to—ayes 68, noes 37.
wyandotte tribe of indians.
The next business on the Calendarwas House
bill No. 432, for the relief of the Wyandotte
tribe of Indians.
Mr. BANKS. I move that this bill be laid
aside.
Mr. ROSS. I trust that this bill will be
taken up and passed. It is a bill of some
importance 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order.
The motion of Mr. Banks was agreed to—
ayes 71, noes 34.
INDIAN DEPREDATIONS IN IOWA.
The next business on the Calendar was House
bill No. 305, for the relief of the citizens of
Iowa, for damages sustained by reason of dep-
redations and injuries by certain hands of Sioux
Indians.
Mr. BANKS.. I move that this bill be laid
aside.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 69, noes 25.
boundary survey oregon and idaho.
The next business on the Calendarwas House
bill No. 251, entitled "An act providing for the
survey of the boundary between the Territory
of Idaho and the State of Oregon."
Mr. BANKS. I move that this bill be laid
aside.
The motion was agreed to—ayes 68, noes 26.
appropriation for sanitary purposes.
Tho next business on the Calendar was joint
resolution (IT. R. No. 121) to place funds in
the hands of the Commissioner of Public Build-
ings for sanitary purposes.
Mr. BANKS. I move that this bill be laid
aside.
On the motion, there wore—ayes 72, noes 5 ;
no quorum voting.
The CHAIRMAN, under the rule, ordered
tellers, and appointed Mr. Banks, and Mr.
Wasiibubnis of Illinois.
The committee divided; and the tellers re-
ported—ayes 72, noes 23.
So the motion was agreed to.
restoration op insurrectionary states.
The next business on the Calendar was House
bill No. 62", to enable the States lately in re-
bellion to regain their privileges in the Union.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. BANKS. I move that this bill be laid
aside.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Chairman, on this bill,
which I reported, I claim the right to the floor.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides that
an objection to a bill takes precedence of any
motion in relation to the bill, and that a mem-
ber rising to object to a bill has the right to
the floor. Does tho gentleman from Penn-
sylvania rise to object to the consideration of
the bill?
Mr. STEVENS. This is a bill which I
reported, and I desire that it shall be con-
sidered.
The CHAIRMAN. The ruling of the Chair
is that the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] rising to object, has the right to the
floor.
Mr. STEVENS. Prom that ruling I appeal.
Mr. BANKS. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me to suggest that I have
the precedence under the practice and rules of
the House, first, because I moved to go into
the Committee of the Whole; secondly, because
I rise to object to the consideration of the bill;
and thirdly, because I first addressed the Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. I first rose to address the
Chair.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rule.
The Clerk read as follows:
"In Committee of the Wholo on the state of the
Union the bitls shall bo taken up and disposed of in
their order on tho Calendar; but when objection is
made to the consideration of a bill a majority of tho
committee shall decide, without debate, whethor it
shall be taken up and disposed of or laid aside.
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman from
Pennsylvania appeals from the decision of the
Chair.
Mr. STEVENS. I will state why I appeaL
I had the floor.
Mr. BANKS. The question is. not debat-
able. _ ,
Mr. STEVENS. I addressed the Chair first;
I never surrendered the floor, and nobody can
take it from me.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to, a question of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair decides tlvat
all debate is out of order.
Mr. STEVENS, 1 am stating my point of
order.
