4264
THE GONOJIESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
SO, 1867, and for other purposes, approved July 23,
1866, are hereby changed to six months, and the same
shall bo construed accordingly.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.,
Twenty-second amendment:
Page 10, line eleven, strike out after the word " to "
down to and including the word "to" in line four-
teen, and insert so as to make the section read:
To_ enable the Secretary of the Interior to quiet
the titles of,,&c.
The Committee on Appropriations recom
mended concurrence.
The amendment .was concurred-in.
Twenty-third amendment:
Page 11, line twenty-six, after "police" insert "and
two policemen at the Executive Mansion."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fourth amendment:
Page 11, line twenty-seven, after "allow" insert
by law."
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-fifth amendment:
Page 12, after line two, insert:
And be it further enacted, That the following sums
be appropriated out of any money in tho Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, namely.
The Committee on Appropriations Recom-
mended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Twenty-sixth amendment:
Page 12, after line ten, insert:
To supply a deficiency in the appropriation for
compensation to a clerk engaged in the sale of in-
ternal revenue stamps in the office of the Assistant
Ireasurer at San Francisco, $600.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-seventh amendment:
Add at tho end of the bill as follows:
1< or contingent expenses of the Senate, namely,
tor additional messengers during the session, §5,000.
bach messengers and other employSs and the clerks
ot committeos whose compensation has not been
otherwise increased at this session of Congress shall
receive twenty per cent, in addition to the coinpon-
wation heretofore allowed, commencing the second
-Monday in December, 1805.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Twenty-eighth amendment:
Add as follows:
And be it further enacted, That the Secretary of
War bo directed to cause estimates to bomadofor
tho erection of a suitable fire-proof building for the
War Department m Washington, stating the looa-
turn and prico of the land, and plans and cost of
necessary buildings, to be reported at the nextses-
Finn of Congress.
r Jfor deficiency in the payment of balances due for
taking thoeonsusof 1860, $230,360 21: Provided, That
no portion of this sum shall bo paid to any marshal
or other person who has taken part in the rebellion
against the United States.]
_ The committee yecommended concurrence
in the amendment with an amendment striking
out the part in brackets.
The amendment of the committee was agreed
to and the amendment of the Senate, as amend-
ed, was concurred in.
Twenty-ninth amendment:
Add as follows:
Ant! be It further enacted, Thatsection four of the act
entitled An act to provide lor the payment ol horses
ami oth'*  property lost or destroyed in the service
oi tne United States," approved March 3, 1849, be
amended hv striking outallafter tho enacting clause
and in lieu thereof inserting tho words "that said
Auditor sL . i • i n all ca?estran^rait his adiustmentwith
all the pop. . - relating thereto to the Second Comp-
troiicrioi n - revision and decision thereon, the same
majircsp, ^ as is provided in the act of September
J, 11 bi). g
The committee recommended concurrence.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thirtieth and last amendment:
Add as follows:
And be it farther enacted, That the sum of .15,000
be, and the same is hereby, appropriated out of any
money m the Treasury not otherwise appropriated
to aetray the expenses of continuing the index to
Donate list 01 Private claiinsdown to thepresent Con- I
gress, in pursuance.of the order of the Senate dated
March l£ 18001
XJi© committee recommended non-concur-
rence.
The amendment was non-concnrred in.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the votes
by which the amendments of the Senate were
severally concurred or non-concurred in; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I move that the House in-
sist upon its disagreement to the several amend-
ments. and ask for a committee of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
message troji the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Formy,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed an act (S. No. 447) for the. admission
of the State of Nebraska, in which he was di-
rected to ask the concurrence of the House.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a joint resolution (H. R. No.
200) authorizing the Secretary of War to set-
tle with the Territory of Colorado for the mili-
tia of said Territory employed in the service
of the United States in the years 1304 and
1865.
Also, a joint resolution (H. R. No.- 203)
authorizing the Secretary of War to contract
with Dr. Alexander Dunbar.
Also, an act (H. E. No. 792) to authorize,
the Secretary of War to furnish transportation
to discharged soldiers to whom artificial limbs
are furnished by the Government.
Also, an act (PI. R. No. 667) to prevent
officers of the Navy from being deprived of
their regular promotion on account of wounds
received in battle, and for other purposes.
Also, that the Senate had unanimously agreed
to the change in the text recommended by
the committee of conference in the act (H.
R. No. 780) to protect the revenue, and for
other purposes.
A further message from the Senate, by Mr.
McDonald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate farther insisted upon its amend-
ment to the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the mil-
itary peace establishment of the United States,
agreed to the further committee of conference
asked for by the House on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Messrs. Wilson, Harms, and Nesmith con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
Also, that the Senate insisted upon its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 791) to supply
deficiencies in the appropriations for the fiscal
year ending June 80, 1867, disagreed to the
amendments_ of the House to its amendments
to the said bill, agreed to the conference asked
for by the Houseon the disagreeing votesof the
two Houses thereto, and had appointed Messrs.
Fesseudeu, Henderson, and Buckaletv con-
ferees on the part of the Senate.
memphis riot.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to suspend
the rules in order that I may make a motion
that the Committee on Printing be instructed
to report back to the House within an hour the
resolution providing for the printing of the re-
port of the committee on the Memphis riot.
Mr. LPj BLOND. Is that motion debatable?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. LE BLOND. I hope the motion will
not prevail, because the committee itself has
determined not to report, as I understand.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The committee is
equally divided on the snbject.
Mr. LE BLOND. I do not know how they
stand, but I know the very motion now made
carries with it the presumption that the com-
mittee have come to the conclusion not to
report.
Mr. "WILSON, of Iowa. It is too late in
tne session to debate it.
The question being taken on the motion
to suspend the rules, there were—ayes 66,
noes 21.
Mr. FINCK. I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and-nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 33, not voting
72 ; as follows :
YEAS—-Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Polo? Tl.
Ashley, Baker. Banks, Barker, Baxter. Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, lioutwcll, Bromwell. Broomall,
Sidney Clarke,.Cobb^Conkling, Defrees, Delano, I>u-
mont, Eckley, Eg<?leston, Eliot,, Farnsworth, Ferry,
Garfield, Abner 0. Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby,
Holmes, Hooper, Hotchkiss, Chester I). Hubbard,
John H. Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Ingersoll,
Jenckcs, Julian. Kasson, Kelley, Ke'tcbam, Koontz,
George V. Lawronee, William Lawrence, Leftwicb,
/Loan, Lynch, Marston, Ma-ynard, MeClurg, Mereur,
. jVIillor, Moorhend, Morrill, Morris, Myers, Now ell,
! O'Neill. Orth, Paine, Patterson, Plants, Price, Alex-
ander 1L Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenok, Scofield,
tebellQbarecr, Spalding, Stevens, Stokes, John L.
.Thomas, )3urt Van Horn, Ward, Wclker, Went-
worth, Williams, James F. Wilson, and Stephen F.
, .Wilson—81.
NAYS—Mes«rs. Aneopa, Bergen, Boyer, Cooper,
Manage, Finck, Glossbrenner, Harris, Hogan. John-
son, Kerr; Kuykondall, Le Blond, Marshall, McCul-
lou?h, Nihlack, Nicholson, Phelps, Radford, Samuel
J. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Ross, Shank-
lin, Strouse,Taber, Nathaniel G, Taylor, NeUon Tay-
lor, rhornton. Trimble, Whaley, and "VVinfieid—33.
T> , 9 . ACTING—Messrs. Ames, James M, Ashley,
Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Buck-
land, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Cul-
Iom,, Culver, Barling, Davis, Dawes* Dawson, Dem-
mg, Demson, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Far-
qphar, Gopdyear, Grider, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale,
Aaron Harding, Henderson, Hill, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Ilubbell, Ilulburd,
Humphrey, Jones, Kolso, LaiLin, Latham, Longyear,
Marvin, Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer, Mouiton, Nocll,
Purhain, Pike, Pomerery, William II. Randall, John
H. Rice, Sitgj-?aves, Sloan, Sifrith, Starr, Stilwell,
JLhayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson. Van
Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, Elihu B.
Wasnburne, Henry JD. Washburn, Wiliam B. Wash-
burn, Window, Woodbridge, and Wright—72.
So (two thirds voting- in the affirmative) the
rales were suspended.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I now, move .that
the Committee on Printing be instructed to
report immediately the resolution relating to
printing the report of the Memphis riot, and
on that I demand.the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND. I wish to offer as an amend-
ment the following:
That the select committee on the Memphis riots be,
and. the same is hereby, directed to report to this
House the amount of money draws from the contin-
gent iund of the House to pay the expenses of said
committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. J do not yield.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to know how
much it has cost. I did not suppose the gen-
tleman would allow it.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDBIDG-E. I demand the yeas and
nays. %
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken,, it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 78, nays 28, not voting
70; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Anderson, Bakor
Banks,Barker,Baxter, Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham
Boutwell,Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobh, Conkli  
Cullom, Detrees, Driggs, Dumont, Eckiey, Eliot
lorry, Garfield, Abner C. Hmding, llayes, Higby
Holmes, Ilotcbkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, John II
Hubbard, James R. Hubbell, Jcnckes, Julian, Kas
™?,VKeliey' Ketcham, Koontz, George V.Lawrence
William Lawrence, Leftwicb, Loan, Lynch, Marston,
Maynard, McClurg Mercur Miller, Morrill, Morris,
Myers Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Patterson, Per-
ham, Plants, Price, Raymond, Alexander H. Bice,
goon .B:ol'lnIS. Sawyer, Sehenek, Spalding,
Stokes Nathaniel G. Taylor, Trowbridge, Van Aer-
™>m,iBuw-7>n Hofn- WWd- Welker, ffentworth,
Whaley Williams, James lUVilson, Stephen F.Wil-
son. and Wmdom—78.
NAYS-Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Cooper,
Jildndge, 1' mek, Glossbrenner, Harris, Hogan, John-
son, Kerr, kuykondall, Le Blond, Marshall, McCul-
lough Niblack, Nicholson, Phelps, Samuel J. Ran-
daH, Bitter, Ross, bhanklin, Strouse, Taber, Nelson
vnrf' irA°mr?40,?' and Winfield—28.
T K I i?i d?s-- A?es' Delos R- Ashley,
James M. Aghley, Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow,
Brandegee, Bromwelb Buokland, Bundy, Chanler,
Reader W. Clarke, Cook, Culver, Darling, Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Deming, Denison, Dixon,
Dodge, Donnelly, Eggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
fe°^ear'TT i A' Sfinnell, Griswold, Hale, Aaron
tr TS ". tI • henderson, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell. Hul-
ru«}' Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jones, Kelso, Laflin,
Datham Longyear, Marvin, Molndoe, McKee, Me-
Kuer, Moorhead, Mouiton, Noell, Pike, Pomeroy,
Radford, William H. Randall, Rogers, Scofield, Shel-
labargcr, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smithi Starr, Stevens,
Stilwell, Thayef; Francis Tliomas, John L. Thomas,
