2344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
statement that there has been any undue profit
made out uf the public from the patent.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Net profits.
Mr. DAtt'ES. Whether it be net profits or
gross receipts, to determine whether it is an
inordinate sum or not, would depend upon the
character and value of the invention, and the
field in which the invention is to be applied.
Now, this invention .has direct application to
the profitable cultivation of cotton"; it is of no
further use. It is a matter of history that the
invention of the cotton-gin, which has made
the whole southern country of any value what-
ever as a eo'tton-raising country, was of no profit
at all to the original inventor, and he died a
bankrupt, although he enriched the whole world
with his invention.
Now, here is an invention in aid of the same
object. And the net profits which the inventor
has received during the fourteen years of
the invention was only $23,000. The inven-
tion had application solely to the cultivation
of cotton in the rebellious States'; and during
the last four years, those which were to be
under ordinary circumstances the most valu-
able years of his invention, all profits have
been lost to him from no fault of his. lie does
not ask for a new patent, but merely that the
Commissioner of Patents shall be authorized
to examine into the whole case, to hear the
whole evidence, and to decide, under the
rules and precedents which have governed the
Patent Office in the renewal of patents in time
past, whether there is any fair and equitable
reason for the longer existence of this patent.
That is the whole extent of this bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman will pardon me, I will ask him if he
can deny that under this bill the Comissioner
of Patents must necessarily issue this patent.
Mr. DAWES. I do not understand the bill
to have been drawn for any such purpose. I
would not sanction a bill that would require
the Commissioner of Patents to issue the pat-
ent in question. If this bill is drawn in that
way I Will not support it; but I do not under-
stand it fo have been drawn for any such end
-Mr. WAS IIBURNE, of Illinois. It is cer-
tain that the party understands that lie will get
a renewal of his patent if this bill is passed.'
Mr. DAWlitf. I understand the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hubbard] to assent to
what I say, that it was not the intention to
draw the bill in the form indicated by the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washburne,] and
it he has inadvertently so drawn it, I am quite
sure he will see that it is modified. I think
the party has great confidence that if the Com-
missioner of Patents is authorized to renew
this patent lie will obtain a renewal. But that
confidence rests upon his belief in his ability
to show to the Commissioner of Patents, what
he is able to show to this House if this House
were ill a situation to hear patiently and fully
what the Commissioner of Patents would hear,
the justice of his case. 1 f I understand the
bill aright, the only authority given to the
Commissioner of Patents is to hear and deter-
mine this case. I would ask the gentleman
from Connecticut [Mr. Hubbard] if that is
the true construction of the bill.
«r' of Connecticut. Certainly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The bili
■Will Speak for itself. It says :
safd^pnhLti™ ^Ti?fonor shnI1 examine the
same evidence - upon e sa™e upon the
cases B ortSL10 the same manner as in other
under existing laws. 3 Patents are applied for
Now, by this clause of the bill, as this natent
has been once lssaed, the Commissioner of
patZ °an n°tMng else ^tissue the
f r\l * wUllC t^lat 6entleman
fn°t'hat WASHB0ME]isbmist™ 
'"Mn WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannSt
be ; that is the object of the bill.
Mr. DAWES. The Commissioner is author-
ized to hear and decide this case precisely as if
the fourteen years for which the patent was origi-
nally granted had not yet expired; and heislo
extend the patent now just the same as he would
have done, and only in that way, if the appli-
cation had been made before the expiration of
the patent. That is, if the patentee makes out
his case and shows that he has failed to receive
sufficient remuneration in consequence of cir-
cumstances over which he had no control, and
for which he was in no way responsible, and that
there has been no neglect on his part, then he
will be entitled to the reissue of his patent.
It is because this relates to a matter that at
this time is peculiarly interesting,„a matter in-
timately connected with what we are all desir-
ous of promoting, that is, the enlarged culture
of cotton and the profitable culture of cotton,
that. I think every invention which will coik
tribute to that end should be encouraged ; an*
every genius that has any ability to produce
any new method and bring it properly into
market should be encouraged and remuner-
ated.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Does not
the gentleman understand that this man has
already enjoyed a patent for fourteen years,
and that the public is now entitled to the use
of the invention without paying any further
bounty ?
Mr. DAWES. I certainly do not so under-
stand.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. That is the
fact. Yet one might suppose from the gentle-
man's remarks that this is an invention which
wo are bound to cncouiage, and that the public
could not get the advantage of it without the
passage of this bill.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman certainly
does not mean to say that we are bound to
steal a man's invention.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. No, sir;
but when a man has enjoyed the advantage of
a patent for fourteen years, and has made out
ot it $23,100, I do not believe that we are
called upou to legislate more money into his
pockcfc.
_ Mr. DAWES. I think that depends upon
circumstances, the examination of which I am
for one willing to remit to the Commissioner
of Patents.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I am not.
Mr._ HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I yield
a portion of my time fo the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Bromwell,] my colleague on the j
committee. I
Mr. BRQMWELL. There is one fact about
this case which is perhaps not understood,
lo make one of these machines is a greater
undertaking than to build an ordinary steam
mill. Now, when a man makes an invention
the manufacture of which costs only a trifling
sum, lie can very easily get his remuneration
in fourteen years. But when an invention
rcouires a vast outlay to manufacture it and to
bring it into use, no man can expect, except
under very extraordinary circumstances, to
realize anything like a fair remuneration in
lourteen years. The history of inventions
shows that the inventors of those larger and
costlier machines or combinations of machin-
ery have died poor, in consequence of their
struggles' to perfect their inventions against
untoward circumstances.
Now, it was shown before the committee that
this inventor had struggled against adverse cir-
cumstances during the fourteen years of his
patent, and that he had just got his business in
a somewhat promising way when he obtained
his extension; that the $23,000 which he re-
ceived from the invention bears a very small
proportion to his outlay, trouble, and suspense
in his efforts to bring the invention into use.
Just as he had secured the extension the re-
bellion broke out, depriving him in a great
measureof the advantages of the extension. I
think this bill should be passed. It provides
for no appropriation.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. I have only
mmutes k.ftj an<^ I must resume the floor.
I have only time to say that the bill simply
proposes to submit the question of a renewal
° . ® Commissioner of Patents, who is re-
quired to examine the whole ease by wit-
nesses, just as if the matter had not been heard
in this House at all.
Mr. DRIGGS. Let me ask the gentleman
whether $23,000 is all that this man received
from his invention during fourteen years.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Connecticut. He re-
ceived that amount within the fourteen years;
but it was all absorbed afterward, as well as
his whole estatte, by losses in the cotton States.
I now call the previous question.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the bill be laid on the table.
On the motion there were—ayes 43, noes 49.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, called for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 68, nays 57, not voting
58; as follows:
I YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, .Tames I\I. Ashley, Baker,
Beamaii. Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwcll, Bingham,
I Boyer, Brandegee, Broomall, Buekland, Chanter,
j Reader W. Clarke. Cobb, Cultom, Dawson, Defrees,
I Delano, Deming, Denison, Farquhnr, Finck, Gloss-
i brenner, firider, Aaron Harding, AbnerC. Harding,
| Hauis, Henderson, James R. Hubbell, James M.
i Humphrey, Julian, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
! Longyear, Marshall, Marvin, McCulloch, MeKce,
j Moulton, Niblack, Noell, Orth, Paine, Samuel J.
Randall, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Scoficld,
Sha'nklin, Shellabargcr, Sitgreave', Stilwell, Taylor,
Thornton. Trowbridge, Upson, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Elihu B. Washburno, Henry D. Washburn,
Weiker, Williams, Stephen F. Wilson, Windom,
Wintield, and Wright—68.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Amos, Anderson,
Baxter, Blaine, Blow. BoutwcH, Bromwell, Bundy,
Cotfroth, Colliding, Darling. Dawes, Dodge, Don-
nelly, Driggs, Eliot, Ferry, Garfield, Grinncll, Gris-
wold, Higby, Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Ches-
ter D.Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, James Humphrey,
Jenckes, Knsson, Kelley, Kelso, Kiiykendalt, Laflin,
Lynch, MeRuer, Miller, Moorhead, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Patterson, Perharn, Pi lee, Plants, Raymond,
Alexander II. Riee, John 1-1. Rice, Schenek. Smith,
Spalding, Strouse, Francis Thomas, Van Aernara,
Warner, William B. Washburn, and James F. Wil-
son—57.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.Delos R. Ashley,Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Sidney Clarke, Cook. Culver, Davis,
Dixon, Dumont, Eckley, Eggleston, Eldridgc, Farns-
worth, Goodyear, Halo, Hart, Ilayes, Hill, Hottan,
Holmes, Hooper. Demas Hubbard, Edwin Sf. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, IngCKSoi], Johnson, Jones, Kerr,
Ketcham, Latham,George V. Lawrence, Loan. Mars-
ton, MeClurg, Mclndoe, Mercur, Morrill, Morris,
Nicholson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Price, Radford, William
II. Randall, Ritter, Rogers, Sloan, Starr. Stevens,
Taber, Thayer, John L. Thomas, Trimble, Burt Van
Horn, Wentworth, Whaley, and Woodbridgc—58.
So the bill was laid on the table.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illin ois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was laid
upon the table ; and also moved that the mo-
tion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from-the
joint committee on reconstruction, submitted
testimony which had been taken ^before that
committee in reference to Texas'Louisiana,
and Florida ; which was ordered to be printed
and laid upon the table.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved that
the same number of extra copies be printed
as had been ordered of previous testimony in
reference to other States.
The motion, under the law, was referred to
the Committee on Printing.
AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, '
moved that the Committee on Agriculture be
discharged from the further consideration of
House bill No. 498, to amend section two of
an act entitled " An act donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may
provide colleges for the benefit of agriculture
and the mechanic arts," and that the same be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
fkeedmen's bureau appropriation.
Mr. WRIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I was absent
from the House yesterday on account of sick-
ness, arnd I wish to say if I had been present
I would have voted against House bill No. 515,
making appropriations for the uses of the Bu-
reau of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned
Lands for the fiscal year commencing January
1, 1866, appropriating as it does $11,000,000.
