1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ments and selecting officers to command them
the mere casualties should be taken into con-
sideration, and the men who have happened to
be hit, in action should be placed above those who
did not happen to meet with such misfortunes.
We can name many of the most distinguished
officers in this war who were never touched by
a ball, and we can name others not so distin-
guished or so deserving who under this amend-
ment would bo entitled to the highest rank
within these ten regiments. I am in favor of
leaving it to the discretion of the appointing
power. If that power complies with the spirit
of this bill, which pro\ ides that officers in every
corps shall be selected with reference to the
duties they have performed in the field and with
reference to their gallant and meritorious con-
duct, the whole ground will be covered. If
men who have been wounded either slightly or
desperately are able to discharge duty, it will
be incumbent npon the appointing power to
select those men in preference to others who
have not been.
This idea of providing that ten regiments
shall be officered by men who happened to be
wounded proceeds upon the assumption that
a wound is a qualification. I do not so regard
it. As 1 intimated before, a man may be very
badly wounded and still be a very indifferent
officer. Then, sir, there should be some scale
of wounds. If a man has a leg shot off, that
should enable him to become a colonel, an
arm a major, and a finger a captain or lieu-
tenant, and so on. If a man happens to have
been touched by a saber, or musket ball, or
bayonet during the war, the provision the Sen-
ator from Indiana proposes would make him
eligible to a position in these ten regiments ;
it would compel his appointment, though he
might not have suffered at all, or suffered very
slightly. 1 think there should bo some scale;
it should be graduated; if wounds are to be
taken as a qualification in filling up these rogi-
ments, you should determine what character
of wound should entitle an officer to some par-
ticular rank, naming the different grades and
ranks as provided for by this bill for the ten
regiments that are proposed to be officered by
those men who have suffered in the service.
1 am opposed to the whole thing, and I hope
that this amendment, either as it was originally
presented or as it has been modified by him,
will not be adopted. I think it will result in-
juriously to the Army. The paper which the
chairman of the committee read, signed by
Generals Thomas, Meade, and Sherman, dem-
onstrates very clearly that in the selecting of
officers we should have sound men. While I
would not in the selection make a rule which
would exclude those who ha\ e been wounded,
but on the contrary would select them if they
were capacitated to discharge the duties, I
would not make a rule which would compel the
selection of officers who were unfit for the dis-
charge of their duties.
In reply to what the Senator said in relation
to the bill as originally reported, let me tell
him that the Military Committee never indorsed
that provision; it never had the sanction of
the committee. A provision was in the bill as
introduced by the chairman that there should
be some legislation in favor of these regiments;
but the committee took that matter under con-
sideration and partly upon the strength of a
report made by those distinguished officers who
had the matter under consideration, it was
agreed to strike that provision out of the bill,
and I hope the bill will not be modified or
changed in that respect.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. WADE. I propose to amend the bill
by inserting after the word ''regiments,1' in
the third line of the third section, the words
"two of whiclishs.ll be composed of colored
men," so as to make two of the regiments of
cavalry colored troops. This provision was in
the bill until lately, and I think it will be found
that the coloi ed troops have done as well in the
cavalry as they have anywhere else, and there
is a reason that is greatly in favor of them. I
am informed that while we lose greatly by
desertion all the time from the white regiments
on the frontier, there is scarcely anything of
the kind among the colored troops. When
you get our regiments off among the gold
regions or on the frontier, there is a great waste
of white troops by desertion; but experience
has shown us that there is scarcely anything of
the kind among the colored troops. For this
reason, and also because experience has shown
that they are just as good troops as the whites,
and because we want to make no distinction
between the one kind and the other, I think
there should be in each arm of service a cer-
tain portion of colored troops. I hope this
amendment will be agreed to. The provision
was reported in the original bill, and I do not
know why it has been left out of this bill.
Mr. WILSON. I certainly do not think there
is any objection to this proposition. It was in
the original bill, as has been stated by the Sen-
ator from Ohio. I have no doubt that as a mat-
ter of economy, if upon no other consideration,
it is worth while adopting it. Our cavalry regi-
ments will be mostly our frontier regiments ;
and while we have desertions, and have had
lately since the war has been over, to the ex-
tent of thirty or forty per cent, from our white
regiments that go on the frontiers, there are no
desertions from the colored regiments stationed
in Arkansas and on the frontiers, and they are
the best riders in America connected with our
Army. We have some colored regiments west
of the Mississippi that were raised in Kentucky,
who understand the management of horses as
well as any men in this country, admirable
riders'; and some of those regiments have been
stationed in the same neighborhood with white
regiments from which we have had twenty-five
to thirty per cent, of desertions, and we have
not had a solitary case of desertion in the col-
ored regiments.
I think it is a great matter of economy to put
some of these colored regiments into the field
in the Indian country, in the mountains, and
in sections of the country where white men de-
sert largely and go to the mines where the temp-
tation is very great. These men are much more
under command and arc far less likely to de-
sert. I certainly have no objection to the amend-
ment.
Mr. CONFESS. Do you propose to send
your black men to us?
Mr. WILSON. They are so hard upon them
in that section of the country that they will not
run awaj, while white men will.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to modify
the phraseology of the amendment I offered by
striking out the enacting clause of the second
section, so that there shall bo but one section,
to make it more harmonious with the bill. I
move to amend the amendment 1 offered so as
to strike out the enacting words of the second
section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is
merely putting the two sections into one.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made if there be no objection.
The amendments made as in Committee of
the Whole were concurred in.
Mr. IylKKWOOD. I move to amend sec-
tion six, third line, by striking out the words
''two majors'' where they occur and inserting
"one major.'' I really do not know why we
should have in a regiment of infantry in time
of peace two majors. It is suggested to me
that we have hitherto had it so. Perhaps that
may be a good reason or it may not. I know
that in the volunteer service during the war we
had to cach regiment but one major. During
the entire w*ar that has just closed each one of
our volunteer infantry regiments had a single
major; they went through the war with one
major; they did their work in the front in act-
ual service with one; and why a regiment
should have two majors in time of peace I can-
not understand. Perhaps the members of the
committee may inform me. ' "
Mr. NESMITH. I may not Be able to gfvfs
a satisfactory answer to the Senator from Iowa -
relation to the necessity for two majors. I
might perhaps answer him by asking another
question: what is the necessity for a colonel
and a lieutenant colonel in a> regiment,-or the
necessity for a captain and two lieutenants la
a company? It has been found ever since we
have had an Army, and in fact in foreign ar-
mies, that it was necessary to have two officers
above the rank of captain and below the rank
of lieutenant colonel in each regiment. I will
not undertake to explain the formation of the
regiment in the field and show the positions
that those officers occupy. That is matter of
detail which I do not propose to go into on
this occasion; but it is -understood to be an
absolute necessity. Now, in relation to the
volunteer regiments having but one major dur-
ing the time of war, let me say those volunteer
officers were always on duty with their regi-
ment, or at least were supposed to be. During
the time of peace, in addition to the services
that are required at military posts in the way
of commanding and discharging the duties of
officers, regiments are generally broken up into
detachments. It is found to be necessary to have
some officer above the rank of captain where
there i# a battalion together. For instance, if
a regiment is divided into two, three, or four
detachments, there should be a field officer
with each detachment. Tn addition to this we
find that in time of peace there are constantly
details made from the Army of officers for duty
that perhaps does not directly or legitimately
belong to the Army. There is the recruiting,
and there are various public works, and we
have to-day provided in this bill that twenty
officers may bo detailed to colleges. There
have always been complaints in the Army in
time of peace that tlie companies, and regi-
ments, and battalions were destitute of officers
in consequence of their being detailed to other
duties not connected with their regiments or
companies. Some of them are detailed as pro-
fessors atWest Point; others of them are detailed
to superintend the construction of public works;
others are detailed on recruiting service; audi
officers are being constantly tiken from their
commands and sent upon details. The chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs had
a communication—I cannot lay my hand on it
now—from General Sherman, General Thomas,
and General Meade, in which they protested
against provision being made in this bill for
these special details as it was taking constantly
officers from the Army; and they stated that in
times of peace they always found at military
posts and with armies upon the march that
there was an insufficiency of officers to dis-
charge the duties.
I trust that the amendment of the Senator
from Iowa will not be adopted. I think that
the reasons are ample, and if he will consult
any military man or any offiecr of high rank I
am satisfied he will be convinced of the neces-
sity for two majors to each regiment. I trust
the amendment will not be adopted.
Mr. KIBKWOOD. I must say that I am
not convinced that more officers are needed to
commandaparticular regiment in time of peace
than in a time of war. I cannot understandit.
It may bo because I am not familiar with mili-
tary affairs ; but when a body of a thousand
men are in the field in front of an enemy, it
does seem to me as an unmilitary man that
they need more men to take care of and com-
mand them than they do in time of peace when
there is no fighting to be done.^ lhat looks to
me to be reasonable. I know in regard to the
volunteer service that details are made from
our volunteer regiments to go home and re-
cruit, and yet they had but a single major to
each regiment during all the time.
Mr. NESMITH. 1 will ask the Senator from
Iowa if those details that came home to recruit
were not made when the regiments were very
much depleted of men ?
