1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3305
ment of the gentleman from Pennsylvania. I
have no doubt, sir, that the Committee on For-
eign Affairs will discharge its duty faithfully
upon all the subjects referred to it; and I
promise the gentleman from Pennsylvania that
if he will leave this question to stand upon its
own merits, and will refrain from drawing into
this discussion topics which have no relation
to it and no connection with it, he will have
an opportunity hereafter to express his opinion
and to give his vote as he may think proper
on the subject of the occupation of Mexico by
the French.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Irenewthe
amendment for the purpose of saying one word
in reply to the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts. He suggests that I am giving
a backhanded blow at the mechanics of the
country. I do not understand what the gen-
tleman means by that assertion, when all I pro-
pose is that before this country is represented
in the Frenph Exposition they shall put aside
this little tin crown in Mexico. I do not pro-
pose, so far as I am concerned, in the present
state of things, looking to the conduct of the
French nation in regard to us, to send repre-
sentatives to the Paris Exposition; and I want
to know of my distinguished friend, the chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, who
talks here so boldly and so bravely in regard to
this Mexican question, why he has not taken
some initiative step to vindicate the honor and
glory of this country. I wish, sir, he would
travel on the same path that I am traveling,
having no connection, having nothing whatever
to do with the French nation so long as she
keeps up this perpetual threat upon our borders.
Sir, this is no new proposition. This very prop-
osition was introduced when this question was
before the House. It was introduced also into
the Senate; and I regret that the Senate did
not. pass it, so that we might stand fairly and
justly before the country when dealing with this
question.
Sir, this is no matter affecting the mechan-
ics of the country, about whom the gentleman
talks. It is a question which concerns, not
only them, but every American, every man
who has a drop of pure American blood in his
veins ; and when you tell the mechanics of the
country that this stigma must be put upon the
national honor for their benefit and in their
name, they will repudiate it. They desire
nothing of the kind. Tlicy feel, as we all feel,
the deep humiliation to which we are subjected
by the existing state of things. I trust the com-
mittee will adopt the amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois. The
reason why I said that his proposition was a
"backhanded" blow at this measure was this:
that it is indirect; that it is evasive of the
merits of the question before the House, and
one which, strictly considered, is not before the
House either for debate or vote.
I make no question upon the presentation or
consideration of this question. But I repeat
to the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Wash-
house] that it is evasive of the merits of the
question before the committee. I do not wish
to consume the time of the House by any dis-
cussion of this measure. I will say in a word
that this is a measure deeply interesting to all
the friends of American industry. There is
scarcely a State in the Union which holds rela-
tions with the General Government which has
not applied to be represented at this Exposi-
tion. And if they are to be represented at all,
it is necessary that the decision should be made
early. It is for that reason I ask an early
decision of this question by the House.
Now, in regard to the Mexican question I
have this to say: whether I may or may not
travel with the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wasiiuurxe] upon all questions, upon that
which pertains to the maintenance of the repub-
lic of Mexico I travel with him or with any
man "who goes for the support of that republic.
But T prefer to fight the battle of Mexico against
Maximilian, if the gentleman pleases, or against
the Emperor of France, if he pleases, or against
any other Power that shall occupy the territory
of Mexico and not under cover of a measure
that is designed to extend and benefit the in-
dustrial interests of this country, and -which
concerns alone th.e honor and dignity of our
Government and the welfare and prosperity
of the mechanics and working men of this coun-
try, who have preserved it to this hour against
its enemies,
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I withdraw
my amendment to the amendment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I renew the
amendment to the amendment. I feel inex-
pressible repugnance to giving my vote in favor
of a measure appropriating coin for the pur-
pose proposed.
Mr. BANKS. I am reluctant to have the
time of the committee consumed unnecessa-
rily ; and therefore T must raise the point of
order that the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Harding] are not pertinent to
the amendment now pending.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Perhaps my
remarks were not precisely appropriate to the
specific proposed amendment of my colleague,
[Mr. Washbttrne. ] The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts [Mr. Baxks] seems to be sensitive
upon this question, and any widening of the
debate so as to touch the merits of this joint
resolution appears to be objectionable to him.
And if I travel beyond the strict limits of the
proposed amendment to the amendment, I
suppose I shall be liable to be called to order
by him.
I will, however, venture to say in reference
to the amendment, that it has been maintained
by the gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, that the proposed amend-
ment is not germane to this joint resolution ;
that it is a measure of war, while in fact, this
is a measure of peace. Now, I think the
amendment is perfectly proper and highly ap-
propriate and important, in view of the preg-
nant and potent annunciation of the chairman
of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, that he
is ready to sustain war measures against France
—at least 1 so understood the gentleman—to
sustain a bill which should propose the expul-
sion of the French troops from Mexico, or
something to that effect.
Mr. BAN KS. I said I was willing to sus-
tain the republic of Mexico against anybody.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Very well;
then he proposes to sustain it, of course, in a
mode by which it can be sustained, by the only
efficient mode, which is by arms and loans.
Now, I submit tp this committee whether, in
view of the prospect of an immediate outbreak
of hostilities upon tTiis question, we should send
those delectable young gentlemen across the
ocean with our coin in their pockets. They
might all be captured before they reached that
country or could return to this, and what a loss
that would be to us.
A Memhkr. And lose the money, too.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Yes, and lose
the money, too. [Laughter.] I am not in jest,
and if what I say excites mirth, such is not the
feeling of my heart. 1 feel a deep regret that
this nation is asked to humiliate itself, while
holding the relations it does towaid France
and toward Mexico, by sending a representa-
tion to the court of Napoleon, for that will
take away-from the moral effect of our protest
against his action in regard to our sister repub-
lic. I would not withdraw one particle of the
moral power by which the gentleman chooses
to fight the battle of Mexico. 1 would not
withdraw one particle of the moral influence
which our protest is supposed to exert upon
that question in Europe. But I do insist upon
it that by sending this representation there, by
accepting this invitation of Napoleon, wo do in
effect give the go-by to our protest. It will
be so understood in Mexico, and it will be so
understood by the world.
Now, sir, our protest in reference to the
occupation of Mcxico is answered by the dec-
laration from the throne of France, that France
will consult her honor: that she knows how to
preserve it; that she will remove her troops
when the purposes for which they were sent to
Mexico sliallliavebeen accomplished. If that
declaration is not in direct antagonism to the
principles announced by the Baltimore con-
vention, to the solemn pledges involved in our
national policy, and the repeated protests of
our Administration, then I am very greatly
mistaken.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw the
amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I renew the amendment to the
amendment. I think that under existing cir-
cumstances we should be unwise to indicate to
the French Emperor or to the world that this
nation hnsnotdignity and common sense enough
to legislate on a question of this kind without
passion. What is the purpose of this Exhibi-
tion? Simply to invite the attention of France
and the world to the productions of our do-
mestic industry. We are solicited to make this
exhibition of our products. This Exposition
is no warlike measure on the part of Franco.
It has nothing to do with French interests in
Mexico. It has nothing to do with the Monroe
doctrine. It is simply a question of interna-
tional comity in refcrencc to an enterprise look-
ing to the advancement of the interest of indus-
try and art. I regret to observe the spirit which
is manifested in this House at the present time.
I trust, sir, that we shall regard this question
upon its own merits, as one affecting the char-
acter and dignity of the nation, and that when
the proper time comes for the American people
to express their sentiments in respect to the
occupation of Mexico, we here shall be found
ready to meet that question and to vindicate the.
honor of the country. I withdraw tin; amend-
ment to the amendment.
The question recurring on the amendment of
Mr. Warhbukne, of Illinois, it was not agreed
to; there being—ayes 3?j, noes 03.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill, with a recommendation
that the House non-concur in the amendment
of the Senate.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Pomeuoy re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union, having had under consid-
eration joint resolution (II. R. No. 52) to pro-
vide for the expenses attending the exhibition
of the products of the industry of the United
States at the Exposition at Paris in 1807, had
directed him to report the resolution to the
House, with a recommendation that the House
non-concur in the amendment of the Senate.
Mr. BANKS. I movefile previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
that the Senate amendment be laid on the table
so that members of the House may have sin
opportunity to vote directly upon the question
of paying these men in gold. Upon that motion
I demand the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BANKS. What will be the offoet of
that motion V
The SPEAKER. It will carry the bill
with it.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 40, nays 7-1, not voting
08; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Baker,Beaman,Benjamin,Blaine,
Bromwcll, Cook, Defrecs, Demins, Kldridf-c, Kink,
(ilocbrcnner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaion Harding,
AbnerC. Harding, Hayes, Kerr, Ueorfte V.Lawrence,
be Blond, Loan, McCnllough, Niblaek, Paine, Pike,
burn. \Ventworth, Whaley, and James I'\ Wilson—10.
KAYS —Messrs. Allison, Ames. Anoona. Baldwin,
Banks,Barker,Baxter, Bidwell, Bingham, Ijoutwell,
Boyer, Buckland, Cullom, Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Dixon. Donnelly, Driffgs, Dumont, Eliot, Farquhar,
Garfield. Henderson, Hogan,.Holmes. Hooper, Asahel
W. llubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
John II. llubbaid, Insersytl, Jenekcs, Julian, Ivus-
son, Kelley, T\oNo, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Latham,
Lom?ycar, Marshall, Mar ton, Marvin, McClurs,
McRuer, Morcur, Moorliead, Morrill, .Moulion,
