3306
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
Myers. Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Perham, Pomeroy, Wil-
liam II. Randall, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Schenck, Smith, Stilwell, Strouse, Taber, Francis
Thomas, Trowbridge, Van Aernam, Robert T. Van
Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn, Welker, Win-
dom, W infield, and Woodbridge—74.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos R.
Ashley, James M. Ashley, Bergen, Blow, Brandegee,
Broomall, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling, Culver, Darling,
Delano, Denison, Dodge, Eekley, Eggleston, FarriG ■
worth, Ferry, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale, Harris, Hart,
Higby, Hill, Hotchkiss, Edwin N.Hubbcll, James R.
Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Laf-
lin, William Lawrence, Lynch, Mclndoe, MeKee,
Miller, Morris, Nicholson, Noell, Patterson, Phelps,
Plants, Price, Radford, Raymond, Ross, Rousseau,
Scofield, Shanklin, Sloan, Starr, Taylor, Thayer,
John L. Thomas, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Ward, Wil-
liams, Stephen F. Wilson, and Wright—68.
So the amendment of tlie Senate was not
laid upon the table.
The question then recurred on seconding the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was non-concurred
in.
Mr. BANKS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendment was non-concurred
in ; and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS moved that the House insist
on its disagreement and ask for a committee
of conference.
The motion was agreed to.
allmy appropriation bill.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate amendments to the bill (H. R. No.
127) entitled "An act making appropriations
for the support of the Army for the year end-
ing 30th June, 1867."
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the amend-
ments of the Senate be referred to the Com-
mittee on Appropriations.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I wish to
call the attention of the House to an error in
the engrossment of this bill. I offered an amend-
ment in regard to the Illinois Central railroad,
referring the question for adjudication to the
United States court of the seventh judicial dis-
trict. By an error of the engrossing clerk it
has been made'1 the eleventh judicial district.''
I ask to have the bill corrected in accordance
■with the original proposition.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is be-
yond the power of the House now to do that.
The Senate has stricken out the provision in
which that clause occurred. The matter might
be arranged in a committee of conference.
Mr. WASHBURNE,_ of Illinois. I sup-
posed that, being a mistake in copying the
bill, it could certainly be corrected.
The SPEAKER. The Senate has acted
upon the bill as engrossed here and sent to
that body.
The motion of Mr. Stevens was agreed to;
and the amendments of the Senate were re-
ferred to the Committee on Appropriations.
barks maroet and golden fleece.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was joint resolution (S. R. No. 104) author-
izing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
American registers to the barks Marget and
Golden Fleece; which was read a first and
eecond time, and, on motion of Mr. Eliot,
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
metropolitan police.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 137, to amend the acts
approved August 6, 1861, and July 16, 1862,
establishing a Metropolitan police force in the
District of Columbia, to increase the efficiency
thereof, and for other purposes; which was
read a first and second time and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
national insurance company.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 290, to incorporate the
National Life and Accident Insurance Com-
pany of the District of Columbia; which .was
read a first and second time and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
1eyy court of washington.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 325, to give certain pow-
ers to the levy court of the county of Wash-
ington, in the District of Columbia; which was
read a first and second time and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
edward st. clair clarke.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 283, for the relief of Edward
St. Clair Clarke; which was read a first and
second time and referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
francis s. lyon.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 373, releasing to Francis S.
Lyon the interest of the United States in cer-
tain lands; which was read a first and second
time and referred to the Committee on Public
Lands.
columbia river and salt lake railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table was
Senate bill No. 336, to aid in the construction
of a railroad and telegraph line from the Co-
lumbia river to Salt Lake City; which was read
a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on the Pacific Railroad.
major general iiiram g. berry.
The next business on the Speaker's taMe was
Senate bill No. 375, to amend an act entitled
"An act granting a pension to the widow of the
late Major General Hiram G. Berry;" which
was read a first and second time kud referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
land grant to kansas.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 320, to amend an act en-
titled "An act to grant lands to the State of
Kansas in alternate sections to aid in the con-
struction of certain railroads and telegraph
lines in said State."
Mr. STEVENS. Let the bill lie on the table
for the present.
There was no objection, and it was so or-
dered.
pacific railroad.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 317, to amend an act en-
titled "An act to amend an act entitled 'An
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Government
the use of the same for postal, military, and
other purposes, approved July 1, 1862,' ap-
proved July 2, 1864;" which was read a first
and second time and referred to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider all the votes by which the bills were
severally referred; and also moved to lay that
motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand that the House
now proceed to the consideration of the regular
_order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being House bill
No. 301, to reorganize and establish the Army
of the United States, the pending question being
on the amendment to section twenty-seven,
offered by Mr. Wilson, of Iowa, as follows:
Provided, That in applying the rule of promotion
no distinction shall be made between officers of regi-
ments composed of colored men and those composed
of white men, but the promotion shall be by inter-
change equally open to all said officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. Inow move that theHouse
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. _ This bill being a special
order after the morning hour would not come
under the category of unfinished business to-
morrow, but would come up after the morning
hour.
Mr. SCHENCK. I withdraw the motion to
adjourn, and yield to the gentleman from Mis-
souri, [Mr. Benjamin.]
robert baldwin.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of Robert Bald-
win ; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on Publi'c Lands.
death op hon. james humphrey.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to state that two mem-
bers of the committee, my colleague [Mr. Win-
field] and myself, appointed by the Chair to
attend the funeral of the late Hon. James
Humphrey were obliged to decline, and that
two other members from New York [Messrs.
Hale and Hulburd] took their places by
arrangement. I desire that their appointment
be formally made, and that my colleague [Mr.
Winfield] and myself be excused.
The gentlemen were accordingly excused;
and the Chair appointed in their stead Messrs.
Hale and Hulburd.  
Mr. SCHENCK. Inow move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. HOLMES: The petition of Elizabeth S.
Miller, and 120 others, women of Madison county,
New York, for universal suifrago.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New York: The petition
of C. Button, and 54 others, citizens of Chenango
county, for a mail route from Plymouth, via the
southwest part of Otselic, called Brown Meadow, to
South Otselic, in said county.
By Mr. McCLURG: The claim of Mr. Eunice A.
Porch, of Missouri, for $500.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, June 21, 1866.
On motion of Mr. CONNESS, and by unan-
imous consent, the reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
has received and been requested to present to
the Senate the memorial of the Mechanics'
Bank, of New Haven, Connecticut, praying
that that bank may be exempt from the tax
of ten per cent, upon its circulation until the
1st of July, 1867, for reasons stated in the me-
morial. As this subject has been reported
upon by the Committee on Finance, this peti-
tion, if there be no objection, will be received
and laid on the table.
Mr. MORGAN. I present the petition of
Sturges, Arnold & Co., and other merchants
of Now York, dealers in coffees, teas, sugars,
and other foreign merchandise, in which they
represent that nearly all their goods, or a large
proportion of them, are sold by and through
licensed commercial brokers, for the account
of wholesale dealers, as the mere agents of the
same ; that it has been the custom of most of
the assessors to assess and collect from such
commercial brokers an additional tax of one
eighth of one per cent, on sales made by them
for wholesale dealers, thereby collecting a
double tax on sales of this nature; that this
tax is too onerous for the commercial brokers
to pay from their brokerage without recourse
to their principals, the importers and whole-
sale dealers. As it is practically a double tax,
and contrary to the spirit and intent of the
acts of Congress, they pray that the law may-
be changed in this respect. I ask that this
petition be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
It was so referred.
reports of committees.
Mr. SHERMAN, from the Committee on
Agriculture, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 364) to authorize the establishment of a
repertory in Germany, to illustrate the phys-
ical, political, and social condition, the natural
