2346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
of the chairman of the committee when I
explain what it is.
The purpose of it is this: in the bill as pre-
pared by the committee there is a provision
for thirteen ofdnance storekeepers, and six of
them are to be also paymasters at the posts
where they are stationed. One of these must
be at the armory at Springfield. I wish to call
the attention of the House for a moment to the
duties of that storekeeper and paymaster at
Springfield, and then to ask the House whether
it is not reasonable that he shall have the pay
of a paymaster of the Army. The House will
see that his duties are much larger than those
of any paymaster in the Army; and I ask, in
connection with that, attention to the peculiar
facts regarding his present pay, how it comes
to be what it is, what it is, and what it has been
for several"years.
He is storekeeper for the armory. He has
in his custody, and has had for a great many
years, about fifteen million dollars' worth of
property, four or five times more than is pos-
sible for any other storekeeper to have. He
has been obliged to payout during the last four
years between four and five million dollars
cach year. That is a larger amount than he
had to pay before the war, and larger than he
will have to pay hereafter. He would be obliged
to pay, under the present capacity of the ar-
mory, if it should be run to its full capacity, that
sum ; but it is not probable that it will be run
to that capacity. He will be obliged to pay
every year about two million dollars. He wiii
certainly be obliged to keep now, after the war
is closed, a much larger amount of property
than during the war, as arms are coming back
to the armory every day, and his liability as a
storekeeper is therefore very largely increased.
In addition to these duties as storekeeper
and of paymaster at this armory, he is also
commissary at the armory, and is obliged every
year to pay out about thirty thousand dollars
in that capacity.
Now, he iias been obliged to perform all
these duties for a salary of §1,250 a year, with-
out any emoluments, without any rations. The
salary was fixed by law some time ago ; I think
it was when the superintendency of the armo-
ries was transferred from the military to the
civil department.
He has been twenty-five years at thatarmory,
and is an old and experienced man, whose
skill and ability in his profession would have
secured him almost any position in civil or
military life. He has retained his position
during the war from a sense of duty, not
because he could earn as much money there
as he could anywhere else, and from a feeling
that after the war was over Congress would
do justice to him and raise his compensation.
lie has arrived at that period of life when
he can hope for no promotion; and situated as
he is, as a salaried officer, he is not entitled to
any promotion in the Army. He now asks
only that he may have the rank and pay of an
ordinary paymaster.
I will send to the Clerk's desk to be read a
letter from the present chief of the Ordnance
Bureau, who was, during the war, superintend-
ent of the national armory; also a letter from
the present superintendent of the armory; and
I think they will satisfy the House that this
officer ought to be put simply where any other
paymaster is Put; though his duties and respon-
rni are Sreater than those of any of them.
The Clerk read as follows:
Ordnance Office, AVar Department,
Washington, February 26,1866.
Sir: In reply to the inquiry contained in your let-
ter ot the 23d instant, I say unhesitatingly that I do
not consider the compensation now allowed to mil
itary storekeepers and military storekeepers and
paymasters of ordnance as a fair remuneration for
the services rendered, and the heavy responsibilities
which arc devolved upon them.
Prior to the passage of the aetof August 23,1842
military storekeepers were allowed tho pay and emol-
uments of captains of infantry, and military store-
keepers and paymasters the pay and emoluments of
captains of cavaliy. This compensation is not too
much for the services required of them. Their re-
sponsibilities for money and for other property is
often very great, and within tho last four years their
duties and responsibilities have greatly increased.
To cite your own case as an example, during thethree
yoars that you were under my command at Spring-
field a.rmory, your disbursements averaged $5,000,000
a year, and your property responsibility was often
greater than that amount. In making payments to
tho large number of men who wore constantly leav-
ing the armory before the pay-rolls could be regularly
made, mistakes were unavoidable in over-payments,
and in all cases the loss had to be made good by you.
It would be only just that your pay should be in-
creased, and I hope that it will be done.
Yours, very truly, A. B. DYER,
B. M. G., Chief of Ordnance.
Edward Ingersol-l, Esq., M. S. K. and P. M„ Spring-
field Armory, Springfield, Massachusetts.
National Armory,
Springfield, March 22,1866.
Sir: I take pleasure in bearing my testimony to
the heavy responsibility devolved upon you as mili-
tary storekeeper and paymaster at this armory, and
the inadequate pay now granted by law for such
duties. I am of opinion that the pay given to Army
paymasters would not be too great considering the
large bonds required of you and the amount of prop-
erty and funds for which you are held responsible.
Very respectfully, your obedient servant.
T. T. S. LAIDLEY,
Brevet Colonel, Major of Ordnance Commanding.
Edward Ingersoll, Esq., Paymaster U. S. A.
Mr. SCHENCK. I appreciate the motive
which induces the gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. Dawes] to move this amendment.
It is admitted on all hands that these officers
have been inadequately paid heretofore; they
have, in fact, had less pay than similar officers
in the quartermaster's department. They are
now receiving, however, one class $1,040 and
another class §1,190 per annum, by an increase
of $240 per year added to the pay of each class
sinee the law was originally enacted.
The committee propose, in the case of ord-
nance storekeepers, to increase their rank, pay,
and allowances to those of a captain of infantry,
which is less than a captain of cavalry receives,
and to make six out of the thirteen ordnance
storekeepers, who are also acting as and having
the responsibilities of paymasters, of the rank
and with the pay and emoluments of captains
of cavalry, being about one hundred and eighty
dollars a year more.
The gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Dawes] proposes to make an exception in
favor of the ordnance storekeeper and pay-
master at Springfield. I admit, while there
are six of these thirteen storekeepers who also
serve as paymasters, the burden of responsi-
bility upon the one at Springfield is perhaps in
some respects as great as of the other five in
respect to the amount of property under his
charge and the payments he has to make.
These storekeepers, who act also as paymas-
ters, expend from about five thousand dollars
per month at the two or three western arsenals
which have recently been established, one at
Rock Island and one at Columbus, up to about
two hundred thousand dollars per month, which
has been the rate of expenditure at Springfield.
How, if the proposition of tho gentleman
from Massachusetts is to be confined exclu-
sively to making a distinction between the
officer at Springfield and the others, I do not
know that there ought to be any objection to
it. But I think, as a general thing, the allow-
_anee proposed to be made to them as captains
of cavalry is quite sufficient.
Mr. DAWES. I ought to have added that
the officer at Springfield is obliged to give
$50,000 bonds, while ordinary paymasters
give only $20,000 bonds.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman is correct.
I would suggest to him that his amendment
now speaks of "the paymaster and store-
keeper at the national armory;" I think he
ought to say, "at Springfield, Massachusetts."
Sir. DAWES. I have modified my amend-
ment in that way.
Mr. SCHENCK. They are all national
armories. But this advantage should not be
extended to any except that one officer, who
has so many more responsibilities than the
others.
Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to ask the chairman
of the committee a question. Why is a dis-
tinction made, between tho military storekeep-
ers® the_ ordnance department and the store-
keepers in the quartermaster's department?
The bill provides that those of the one class
shall receive the pay of captains of infantry,
while those of the other class rcce: ;e the pay
of captains of cavalry.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am very happy to be
able to give the gentleman an explanation.
The storekeepers in the quartermaster's de-
partment, who are to receive only the pay of
captains of infantry, do not act also as pay-
masters. There are sixteen of those; and they
are all put upon the same footing. Of military
storekeepers in the ordnance department, there
are thirteen, seven of whom act simply as
storekeepers like those in the quartermaster's
department, and they are put on the same foot-
ing as to pay with the storekeepers in the quar-
termaster's department. But six of these mili-
tary storekeepers in the ordnance department
act also as paymasters, and they are put as to
pay upon the fooling of captains of cavalry,
giving them an advantage of perhaps $180 a
year in pay and allowances, in order to rec-
ompense them for acting as paymasters as well
as military storekeepers. No distinction is
made, as the gentleman supposes, between the
storekeepers in the quartermaster's department
and those in the ordnance department. The
storekeepers in the ordnance department who
act only as military storekeepers are put upon
precisely the same footing as storekeepers in
the quartermaster's department. The distinc-
tion is made only in the case of a half dozen
who serve also as paymasters.
Mr. O'NEILL. It seems, then, that the dis-
tinction is made on account of the additional
responsibility of particular officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. And their additional
duties. The distinction has always been made.
I will give the gentleman the law on the sub-
ject. By a law passed in 1842, the paymas-
ters and military storekeepers at the armories
and at the arsenals of construction at Pitts-
burg, Watervliet, and Washington city, re-
ceived $1,250; and all others who served as
storekeepers, like those in the quartermas-
ter' s department, received $800. But by an act
passed in 18OT, the sum of" $240 per annum
was added to officers all round, increasing the
compensation of those acting as storekeep-
ers and paymasters to $1,490, and that of the
others to $1,040. The distinction exists under
the present law ; and this bill proposes simply
to continue it.
Mr. O'NEILL. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts has urged an increase of pay to the mil-
itary storekeeper at Springfield on the ground
that he perforins the duties of paymaster, and
is subjected to a large responsibility. Now, I
wish to state that there are other officers in the
country whose duties as military storekeepers
have, during the last few years, imposed on
them very great labor and responsibility. Sir,
a case in point is that of the storekeeper at the
arsenal on the Schuylkill, at Philadelphia. Dur-
ing the last four or five years the quantity of
materials stored in that arsenal has at times
amounted in value to ten or fifteen million dol-
lars, imposing, of course, a great responsibility
upon the storekeeper at that post. I also know
that the military storekeeper at Washington has
had an almost equal responsibility resting upon
him. Why should not the military storekeep-
ers at these two points have an increase of sal-
ary? The extent and importance of their duties
certainly entitle these officers to a larger pay
than the ordinary military storekeepers.
Mr. DAWES. I suggest to the gentleman
that the difference between the two cases is this:
in the case he speaks of the storekeeper had,
during the war, the custody of a large amount
of property, which is now constantly growing
less; while the property in the custody of the
storekeeper at Springfield is all the time in-
creasing, as the military stores now go there
for safe-keeping. In addition to that, his duties
as storekeeper are by no means the whole of
his duties. He makes large disbursements of
money, equal in amount to those of any ordi-
nary paymaster in the field: He has to perform,
also, the duties of a commissary. Those are
duties which do not devolve upon the store-
