4286
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
franchise law of Tennessee which was passed
by what is known as the Radical party of that
State.
Mr. BROOM ALL. I can only say in answer
to the gentleman that I can well understand
that the very worst of the friends of gentlemen
upon the other side would swear themselves in
under the franchise law. It is very possible
that there are men among those who vote in
Tennessee who are worse than the average of
those who are excluded; I do not know how
that is. But I would remind the gentleman
[Mr. Shanklin] that the recorder of the city
of Memphis, the leader of the mob, the man
who urged them on to commit these foul deeds,
is the vice president of the Johnson club of
Memphis. And- now I have only to add that
if the gentleman complains that he has not been
allowed to sign our report, I will agree that he
shall have an opportunity to append his name
to it.
Mr. LAFLIN. I entertain the very highest
respect for the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Broomall,] and there is no man in this
House whom I would be more willing to ac-
commodate than him. But I am satisfied from
what I have observed of the tone and temper
of thi.s House that an amendment of the kind
he proposes would meet with its acceptance.
Mr. BROOMALL. Try it.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Yes, try it.
Mr. LAFLIN. "Without desiring to be at all
rude or discourteous, I must decline his amend-
ment. I now call the previous question.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and upon a division there
were—ayes 03, noes 41.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BROOMALL called for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Broomall
and Shanklin were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes sixty-three, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, which was upon
agreeing to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Printing to the original resolu-
tion referred to them.
The original resolution was as follows:
Resolved, That ten thousand copies extra of tho
reports and evidence of tho select committee on the
Memphis riots, and fifty thousand copies of said ro-
ports without tho evidence, be printed. "
The amendment of the Committee on Print-
ing was to substitute as follows:
That one thousand copies extra of the reports and
evidence of tho select committee on tho Memphis
riots, and ten thousand copies of said reports with-
out tho ovidonce, be printed.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment, and upon a division there were—ayes
sixty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lution as amended.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I call for the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ilebecca j. siieppard.
Mr. GARFIELD, from the Committee of
Ways and Means, reported back a bill for the
relief of Rebecca J. Sheppard.
The bill was read at length. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to issue a new bond
for $100, with coupons from May 1,1865, to
Rebecca J. Sheppard, of Philadelphia, in the
place of a coupon bond for a like amount, No.
211,097, fourth series, loan of February 25,1864,
the same having been destroyed by fire.
Mr. GARFIELD. I think no member of
this House will object to this bill. It is for the
benefit of a poor lady whose house was burned,
with all she possessed, including $300 in bonds,
$200 being railroad bonds, and $100 in five-
twenties, United States bonds. So well satis-
fied was the railroad company that the railroad
bonds had actually been destroyed by the fire
that it issued to her new bonds. And it is now
proposed to authorizethe Secretary ofthe Treas-
ury to issue a now United States bond to her
for the one that was destroyed by the same fire.
Mr. WRIGHT. I would ask the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] what security the
Government would have in case the old bond
should be recovered.
Mr. GARFIELD. If the gentleman desires,
I will amend the bill by adding that the old
bond, No. 29,697, &c., shall never be paid, if
recovered.
Mr. KASSON. Why not say, "upon satis-
factory proof of the loss of the original ?''
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. DEL AN O. I hope the gentleman will
not ask us tg pass this bill without first putting
in it a provision for the ordinary security of the
Government. No bill of the kind has ever
been passed without such a provision.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman is mis-
taken ; it has been done repeatedly.
Mr. DELANO. Then the bill has been stolen
through Congress.
Mr. O'NEILL. There is no objection to the
amendment suggested by the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Delano.]
Mr. DELANO. I move to amend by insert-
ing the words "upon her giving bond of in-
demnity to the satisfaction of the Secretary of
the Treasury against the outstanding bond."
Mr. GARFIELD. I have no objection to
that.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Early in this
session I introduced and had referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means a resolution
of inquiry into the expediency of providing
by law for this class of cases. And I then
called the attention of my colleague [Mr. Gar-
field] to the case of a poor man whose bonds
had become so mutilated that they could not
be paid, although enough was left to indicate
the numbers and denominations of the bonds,
which were all the property the poor man had.
I would inquire of the gentleman why the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have not provided
by a general law for such cases as that.
Mr. GARFIELD. The Committee of Ways
and Means were of opinion, and have so de-
termined, that it would be unwise to make
a general law on the subject, for fear there
might be fraud practiced under it. The law
as it now stands provides that when bonds are
mutilated, and parts are left to prove the num-
bers, the Secretary of the Treasury may re-
issue bonds in their place. The committee
concluded that each case not covered by that
law should be left to stand upon its own merits
before Congress.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Does the gentle-
man mean that the Treasury will now reissue
bonds in cases like that to which I have re-
ferred?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly they will, for
I have had it done myself.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Well, I have been
told that they will not.
Mr. GARFIELD. 1 call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time; and it was accordingly
read the third time and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ventilation of the iiall of the house.
Mr. RAYMOND, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thefollowing resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That a select committee of five members
be appointed, to report to this House at its next ses-
sion what alteration can or should bo made in this
Hall to provide for its tetter ventilation, and for the
moroprompt dispatch W business.
Mr. RAYMOND moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
education fob the army,
Mi-. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to establish a system of edu-
cation for the Army of the United States, and
to provide that all promotions therein shall
be from the ranks ; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and its
further consideration postponed until the sec-
ond Monday in December next.
Mr. ROSS moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was postponed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
temporary mail boys.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Postmaster of this House is
hereby authorized to retain in employment the
three temporary mail boys during the vacation of
Congress.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was agreed to;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
protection of the revenue.
Mr. MOORHEAD submitted the following
report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to the
bill (II. R. No. 780) to protect the revenue, and for
other purposes, having met, after full and free con-
ference have agreed to recommend, and do recom-
mend, to their respective Houses as follows:
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the second, third, fourth, fifth, and*sixth amendments
of the Senate, and agree to the same.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the first amendment of the Senate and agree to the
same, with an amendment,, as follows: in line nine,
page 1, of the engrossed bill, strikeout "$2 50" and
insert in lieu thereof "three dollars;" and that tho
Senate agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their seventh amend-
ment and agree to the ninth section of the bill, with
the following amendment: in line two of said section
strike out tho word "imported;" and in the same
line, after the'word "merchandise," insert the words
"hereafter imported;" and at the end of the ninth
section add the following words: 11 And provided
further. That nothing herein contained shall apply to
long-combing or carpet wools costing twelve cents
or less per pound, unless the charges so added shall
carry the cost above twelve cents perpound, in which
case one cent per pound duty shall be added;" and
that the House agree to the same.
That the Senate recede from their eighth amend--
ment.
That tho House recede from their disagreement to
the ninth amendment of the Senate, and agree to the
same with amendments as follows: in line two of said '
amendment, strike out the words "and directed;"
and in line three, after the words " collection in,"
insert the words "any of;" and that the Senate agree
to the same.^
The committee recommend that the text of the bill
be amended by striking out tho word " first" in line
one, page 1, of said bill, and inserting in lieu thereof
the word "tenth."
P. G. VAN WINKLE,
E. D. MORGAN,
Managers on the Dart ofthe Senate.
JAMES K. MOORHEAD,
JUSTIN S. MORRILL,
O. DELANO,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Speaker, this re-
port is nearly the same which was presented
before on this bill, with the exception of the
ninth section, which, according to the former
report, was stricken out. It will be seen that
the ninth section is now retained in a modi-
fied forrm This appeared to be satisfactory to
both parties. I now call the previous question
on the adoption of the report.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr.- Speaker-—-
Mr. MOORHEAD. I cannot yield to any
one.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I ask that the ninth
section be read as proposed to be amended by
the committee of conference.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection
it will be read.
Mr. WRIGHT. I object.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Has not any member
