1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
day, and winch comes up now as the unfinished
business-—the bill (H. B. No. 208) to amend
an act entitled "An act relative to the habeas
corpus and regulating judicial proceedings in
ceitain cases," approved March 3. 18G3. On
this question the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Cook] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. COOK. I yield for a few moments to
the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, [Mr.
Wilson, ^of Iowa.]
court of c1at1is.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, reported back, from the Committee on
the Judiciary, a bill (&. No. S3) entitled "An
act in relation to the Court of Claims."
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that the fourteenth section of an aet approved
March 3, 18(>3, entitled " An act to amend an
act to establish a court for the investigation of
claims against the United States," approved
February 2-1, 1855, be repealed ; and from the
final judgment, or decree, in all eases hereto-
fore decided by the Court of Claims, of the
character mentioned in the fifth section of the
act of March 3, 18G3, an appeal shall be al-
lowed to the Supreme Court of the United
States, at any time within ninety days after the
passage of this aet, except in such cases where
the amounts found due by the court have been
paid at the Treasury.
The second section provides that the regular
session of the Court of Claims shall hereafter
commence on the first Monday of December in
each year.
Mr. Vv 1LSON, of Iowa. I move to amend
bv adding the following as a new section:
That at the end of every term of the Court of
Claims, tho clerk of said court shall transmit a. copy
of the decisions thereof to the heads of Departments,
to the Soiieilor, Comptroller, and Auditors of the
Tre^-ury, and the Commissioners of the General Land
Office and of Indian Affairs, to the chiefs of bureaus,
and to other officers charged with adjusting claims
against tho United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
Mr. WILSON .of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed t and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
personal expl ax at [ox.
Mr. SPALDINC. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Cook] yields to me for two minutes.
Mr. Speaker, 1 rise to a personal explana-
tion. When I had the honor to'offer a joint
resolution on Monday last, touching the taxa-
tion of some portion of the national currency,
nothing was further from my mind than to in-
fringe upon the credit of the nation. Why,
sir, I regard tho bonds, the interest-bearing
bonds of the United States, and the credit of
the country as 1 regard the apple of my eye. I
am the last man in the House who would in-
fringe upon the credit of the Government. Yet
I am charged in the reported discussion, by the
respectable gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens, ] who I know labored under a mis-
take, with ha\ ing offered a resolution involving
'•rank repudiation." I allude to the remarks
of the late chairman of the Committee of Ways
and Means, and at present chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations, which, [ confess,
I did not hear at the time. He says :
" I move to lay the whple subject on the table. It
is rank repudiation anoTiothing else."
I wish to say I received on Saturday last a
letter from an influential member of the Gen-
eral A ssembly of Ohio, saying that the financial
legislation of that State was about to be embar-'
rassed by reason of the provision contained in
the act of 30th June, 18G-1, which precludes
States from taxing as money the notes of tho
United States commonly called"greenbacks,"
and my object was by the joint resolution to
remove the prohibition upon the State Legisla-
ture. In some of the States—it is not so m all
of them—1 know it has been thejiabit in Ohio
once a year to take an account of the money on
hand belonging to its citizens and placing them
on the list at a moderate rate of taxation. They
propose to do it in the future. They propose
to consider "greenbacks," the same as State
bank notes, as money on hand; and my object
was to bring that portion of the currency, the
paper money of the country, uuder State tax-
ation if they saw fit to place it under taxation.
That is all.
1 do not undertake to violate in any degree
the credit of the country, and have never un-
dertaken to do so. It is a darling object with
me to preserve that credit at all times untar-
nished.
I make this explanation that the spirik of
repudiation may not expect countenance and
support from me.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say one word, as
the gentleman has referred to me. I regret the
misunderstanding took place. When 1 char-
acterized his resolution at tho time I did not
know who offered it, or I should have looked
at it more critically. I thought it referred to
our bonds and other obligations as well as
money. My friend from Illinois, [Mr. Wext-
worth,] whose lead I always follow, thought
as 1 did. When I inquired into the matter 1
found 1 was mistaken as to the class of obliga-
tions referred to. I believe it did cmbrace
one item afterward stricken out. I perceive
injustice has been done to my honorable friend
from Ohio in the remark I made, and I can
only say I regret it very much. Still, having
the view of it 1 had at the time, not taxing
money on hand in Pennsylvania, as I under-
stand tlicy do in Ohio, 1 could hardly help
considering the taxing of "greenbacks" as
less than some breach of the law under which
we issued them.
MIXXESOTA SOLDIERS' AND SAILORS' ASYLUM.
Mr DONNELLY, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill granting lands to the State of
Minnesota for the establishment of an asylum for
the relief of disabled soldiers and sailors; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Public Lands.
iiab1ms corpus.
Mr. COOK called up hill of the House No.
298, to amend an act entitled " An act relative
to the habeas corpus and regulating judicial
proceedings in certain cases," approved March
3, 18u3, which was reported from the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
Mr. COOK. Mr. Speaker, tho object of tho
bill reported from the Committee on the Judi-
ciary is twofold: first to relieve all officers and
persons acting under military authority from
responsibility, when sued for acts done dur-
ing tho late rebellion, when done by order of
superior officers. It also provides that the
question, whether acts complained of have
been doneunder proper military authority, may
be tried in the United States couits instead of
in the State courts, if the party desires it.
The principle upon which the hill is founded
was eslablished in what is commonly-known as
the "force bill" of 1833, which was passed
when South Carolina first claimed the right to
nullify the laws of the United States. The
same principle is embodied in tho law of 1803,
of which this bill is amendatory.
The law of 1863, sections four and five, reads
as follows:
"?sc. 4. And be it further enacted. That anv order
of the President, or under his authority, made at any
time during the existence ot the present rebellion,
shall be adefenst in all courts to any action orprose-
cution, civil or criminal, pending or to bo commenced,
for any search, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment made,
done, or committed, or acts omitted to be done, un-
der and by virtue of such order, or under color of any
Jaw of Congress, and such defense may bo made by
spccial plea, or under the general issue.
" Sec. 5. And be it further cnaeted, That if any suit
or prosecution, civil or criminal, has been or shall be
commenced m any State court against any officer,
civil or military, or against any other person for any
arrest or imprisonment made, or other trespasses or
wrongs done or committed, or any act omitted to be
done at any time duringthe presentrebellion, by vir-
tue or under color of any authority derived from or
exoicised by or under the President of the United
States, or any act of Congress, and the defendant
shall, at the time of entering his appearance in such"
court, or, if such appearance shall have been entered
before the passage of this 6,<$,theti atthonextsession
of the court in which such sttitorprosecutioaispend"
ing, tilo a petition stating the facts and verified by
aftdavit for tho removal of tho cause for trial at the
next circuit court of the tJnited States, to be hslden
m the district where tho suit is pending, and. oflet
good and suflieicnt surety for his filing in such court,
on tlxe first day of its session, copies of such process
and other proceedings against him, and also for his
appearing in such court and entering special bail in
the cause, if special bail was orgmally required
therein. It shall then be the duty of the State court
to accept the surety and proceed no further in the
cause or prosecution, and the bail that shall have
been originally taken shall bo discharged." •
The first section of this bill provides that
an order from any military officer of the United
States holding the command of the depart-
ment, district, or place within which the aet
complained of shall have been done, shall be a
defense.
This provision is rendered necessary from
the fact which appears in evidence before the
committee that the State courts in some of the
border States have held, under section four of "
the act of which this is an amendment, that the
order of the President of the United States is
necessary to justify the party doing the act, and
as it is scarcely possible for a party sued to
produce an order from the President of the Uni-
ted States directing him to do the particular aet
complained of, the law became in many in-
stances a dead letter. The principle that a Gov-
ernment shall relieve its officer from individual
responsibility for any act done by the command
of a military superior has been settled so long
and so well that I do not propose to discuss it
now. In order to make that principle opera-
tive in tho act to which this is an amendment,
the provision contained in the first sectiQn of
this bill is indispensably necessary. Where
the State courts hold that the order of the Pres-
ident of the United States himself must be pro-
duced to justify the impressment of a horse or
seizure of forage or military supplies; the pro-
tection designed to be given by the act is taken
entirely away. The spirit of the first act it is
believed is met by the words of this "amend-
ment,, which provides that a military order is-
sued by any person having the command of
tho district, department, or place where tho aet
complained of is done shall be a defense. The
soldier or subordinate olliccr must at his peril
obey without question the order of his superior,
and that order should protect him from indi-
vidual responsibility for acts done in pursuance
of it.
The second section of the bill has reference
merely to the character of the evidence of the
existence of this order which shall be produced.
It provides—■
That when said order is in writing it shall bo suf-
ficicntto produeein evidence the original with proof
of its authenticity, or a certified copy of tho same;
or if sent by telegraph tho production of the tele-
gram purporting to emanate from such military offi-
cer shall be prima facie evidence ot its authenticity;
or if the oiicinal of .-uch order or telegram is lost, or
cannot beproduced, secondary evidence thereof shall
be admissible as in other eases.
The third section of the bill provides for the
removal of tho action from the State to the Fed-
eral courts at any time before the jury was im-
paneled to try the same. By tho original act
it was necessary that the motion for a change
of venue should be filed at the term that the
appearance of the defendant was entered. Evi-
dence is before the-committee tending to show
that in the State of Kentucky alone fifteen hun-
dred suits have been brought against citizens
who acted or claimed to aet in behalf of the
United States, for acts done by command of
military officers. Tn the -vast majority of these
eases the defendants were not aware that it was
necessary that the motion to change the venue
should bo made at the appearance term. In
some cases the suits were brought before the
aet became generally known, and in conse-
quence thereof many are prevented from faking
the change of venue to the Federal court which
they desired to do.
I find by reference to the act of 1833, called
the "force bill," precisely such a provision vftts
inserted to meet tho state of facts in South C?.r-
olina in nullification times. That act provides
that the change of venue may be taken at any
