1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2347
keeper either at the Schuylkill arsenal or here
in this city. This is the reason why the distinc-
tion proposed to be made is just.
I admit the propriety of a provision in the
bill that all of these should be raised to that
particular point. I only ask the House to con-
sider whether this one should not be provided
for, as the others have been paid more than he
has been, and who has had far greater respon-
sibility. I hope my friend will not press his
amendment.
Mr. O'NEILL. I approve of the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Massachusetts.
But he is mistaken in reference to the Schuyl-
kill arsenal.
Mr. DAWES. I do not want to be consid-
ered as opposing the amendment of the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania.
Mr. O'NEILL. The Schuylkill arsenal has
been the great distributing arsenal of the coun-
try. It has been so since the late war with
England. It will still continue to be the re-
ceptacle of an immense amount of Govern-
ment material.' It is all under the direction
of the military storekeeper. If I am not mis-
taken it is the duty of that military storekeeper
to pay the employes of that arsenal. I think
it is a point where we should give this military
storekeeper the pay and emoluments of a cap-
tain of cavalry.
Mr. SCHENCK, We have long since passed
the section in reference to military store-
keepers.
Mr. O'NEILL. I understand the proposi-
tion is in reference to military storekeepers.
Mr. SCHENCK. If the gentleman will turn
back to the sixteenth section he will find we
there dispose of the quartermaster's depart-
ment. I am glad it is disposed of. We were
a long time at it. In the seventeenth section
there is a provision about military storekeep-
ers. Wc are now on the section providing for
the ordnance department. We provide there
shall be thirteen ordnance storekeepers, of
whom a number not exceeding six may also be
appointed and authorized to act as paymas'-
ters at armories and arsenals. The proposi-
tion is to make a distinction in favor of those
who act as paymasters. The gentleman from
Massachusetts proposes to make a still further
distinction in favor of the one at Springfield on
the ground, which I admit does exist, that his
responsibility is to the extent of $50,000,000,
while the highest responsibility of the others
is $12,000,000, running down to $600,000. -
Mr. O'NEILL. I thought I was at the proper
place to move the amendment. This military
storekeeper at the Schuylkill arsenal has greater
responsibility than any other military store-
keeper, and I do not see why he should not
have his pay increased.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUHAR. T move to strike out in
line thirteen the word "infantry," and insert
"cavalry" in lieu thereof. I desire to make
an inquiry of the chairman of the Military
Committee as to the effect of the section. I
see it provides for six ordnance storekeepers
as paymasters. It provides for thirteen in all.
Is it the design that the remaining five shall not
act as paymasters?
Mr. SCHENCK. There are six arsenals
where the ordnance storekeepers a'ct as pay-
masters, and we provide only for that num-
ber.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 27. And be it further enacted. That there sh all
be one chief signal officer of the Army, who shall
have the rank, pay, and emoluments of a colonel of
cavalry. And the Secretary of War shall have power
to detail from the Army six officers, andnot to exceed
one hundrednon-coinraissionedofficers andprivates,
to be taken from the battalion of engineers, for the
performance of signal duty: Provided, Thatnoofllecr
or enlisted man shall bo detailed to serve in the sig-
nal corps until he shall have been examined and
approved by a military board, to be convened by the
Secretary of War for that purpose; andofficers while
so detailed shall receive the pay and emoluments of
•cavalry officers of their respective grades; and en-
listed men while so detailed shall, when deemed
necessary, be mounted upon horses provided by the
Government.
Sec. 28. And be it further enacted, That in all the
staff corps for departments] promotions may here-
after be made without regard to seniority in the date
of appointments or commissions, and the same rule
of promotion by merit alone shall apply to all officers
of the line above the grade of captain.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to strike out the
word "above" and insert "below;" and to
strike out "captain" and insert "colonel."
Mr. Speaker, there is no good reason why this
rule of promotion should not apply to company
officers. I am very glad that the committee has
undertaken to adopt the principle of promotion
by merit. It is an innovation upon the estab-
lished customs of the Army, and will no doubt
throw out some men and work some hardship.
But the good that will be accomplished by it is
so very great that I believe the section ought to
stand with the amendment I have suggested.
Where a man has devoted himself for life to
the military profession, and has been compelled
to serve perhaps five years in a single grade
before the promotion comes, it may be said
that it is hard that he should not be promoted
as a matter of course.- But on the other hand,
if five years' service has not made him by his
merits worthy of a higher grade, he ought not
to be promoted.
Mr. WRIGHT. I wish to ask the gentleman
a single question. His amendment proposes
to strike out the word " above" and insert the
word " below," and strike out the word " cap-
tain" and insert " colonel," so that it will read,
"and the same rule of promotion by merit
alone shall apply to all officers of the line
below the grade of colonel." Does he con-
sider a lieutenant colonel and a major officers
of the line, or are they field officers ?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly, they are officers
of the line.
Mr. WRIGHT. There are too many tinkers
about this.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ought to be satisfied, I
think, when I consider that the argument of
my colleague is an answer and an objection to
his own amendment. But I will undertake to
extend that objection somewhat by a little fur-
ther argumentation.
He proposes to reverse the .order in which
distinction shall be made between promotion
by seniority and by merit, so that the first pro-
motions shall be by merit and the subsequent
promotions in the higher grade only by senior-
ity. If he does this he will simply reverse the
whole order of proceedings in all other ser-
vices, in any way assimilated to our own, and
which exist in the very nature of these military
offices.'
Now, sir, the reason why promotions in the
lower grades are confined to seniority in all
services except our own, as far as I know, and
that promotion by merit comes in as the officer
rises in grade, I take to be this: a young
man entering the Army as a second or first
lieutenant, on having risen as captain to the
command of a company, does not develop that
particular genius and power of comprehension
or combination which may make him a better
field officer. Therefore, in all the various mil-
itary services of the world they have gone on
promoting by seniority alone in the first classes
of officers until they reach some point (which
we propose shall be above the grade of cap-
tain) where the officer is supposed to have
developed the fact whether he is fit for a higher
trust. Many a man will make a first-rate lieu-
tenant or captain, be perfectly at home in all
the routine of company matters and subordi-
nate command, and yet be unfit for the larger
and more comprehensive duties of a higher
command, either of a regiment, brigade, or
division. The gentleman, however, seeks to
reverse all this.
To show that I am sustained by the practice
of other countries, I beg leave to refer him and
the House to what is the practice in all the
principal armies of the world. I hold in my
hand a report upon this subject made by Major
Mordecai, of the United States Army, who with
General McClellan and another officer was sent
abroad as a commission to look into the mili-
tary systems of European countries. From this
report I find that in Russia—
" Promotions arcordinarily made by seniority. In
the guards, promotions are made regimentally to the
gradeof lieutenantcolonel,inclusive; in theinfantry
of the active army, regimental promotions are made
to the rank of captain, inclusive; above that grade
the promotion is by divisions of four regiments; in
the artillery, the promotions aremade by brigades of
four batteries; officcis of artillery not attached to
batteries aro promoted separately. Above the grade
of colonel, promotions are made through the whole
army at tho pleasure of the Emperor; so are extraor-
dinary promotions for distinguished services in any
grade."
Throughout the whole army any officer who
has shown what he is fit for is selected for any
higher position purely and solely upon his
merits.
I will now refer to another Government in
which the army is a very important part of the
public service, and where its organization is
admitted to have been brought to very great
perfection. I refer to Prussia. Major Mor-
decai says, in his report, in reference to that
country—
" Promotions are made according to seniority, and
by regiments or corps, to the grado of major, except
in case of incompetency on the part of the senior
captain to command a battalion. Abovo the grade
of major, the promotions aro made by selections; but
the order of senioiity is habitually followed in timo
of pcaee owing partly to the. difficulty in such a time
of determining real military merit."
We find that in France—
"For brilliant action noticed in general orders
promotions are made without regard to the above
rules."
The rules referred to relate to the term of
service, and the grades a man must be in be-
fore he can Joe promoted. The report goes on—
" And generally, in time of war, the term of service
required for promotion may be reduced one half. _
" Ordinary promotions are made partly by selection
by the Emperor, partly by seniority."
Without detaining the House further by re-
ferring to these extracts, I may say that the same
rule prevails in the military service.of every
great military nation, and itis founded upon the
principle that a man may make a good subal-
tern, may have all the knowledge necessary
for a company officer detailed on subordinate
duty up to a certain point, but that there is
ordinarily somewhere, if you will have the best
selections, when they must be made with ref-
erence to merit.
Now, in our own Army during the late war
a law was enacted authorizing officers of the
regular Army to be commissioned and serve as'
officers of volunteers ; and everywhere through-
out the whole extent of that Army of millions
of men this principle was resorted to, and se-
lections were made instead of the regular step
by step tread-mill promotion, which carries up
the dullest and poorest, as well as the best, in
regular order. The truth is,_ the object is to
prevent oy the regular promotion the inefficient
man, or the least efficient, being brought up to
the highest positions, thus having your Army
die like some old tree at the top and become
rotten there while all the vigor is below.
I trust, therefore, that no reversal of tjiis
rule will be adopted by the House, and that
we shall not abandon the practice as well as
the theory of all military Governments in regard
to promotions.
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to ask the'chair-
man of the Committee on Military Affairs,what
is the object of inserting in this section these!
words that seem to exclude captains from that
kind of promotion that is given to general and
field officers?
If I understand that section there is one rule
in regard to general and field officers, that they
shall be chosen without any regard to seniority
of service. They are selected by the President
of the United States, subject to the a(lvice and
consent of the Senate. Now, I should like to
