1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
323
rights, they themselves will adopt the neces-
sary measures to protect them; and that will
dispense with the Freedmen's Bureau and all
other Federal legislation for their protection.
The design of these bills is not. as the Senator
from Indiana would have us believe, to consol-
idate all power in the Federal Government, or
to interfere with the domestic regulations of
any of the States, except so far as to carry out
a constitutional provision which is the supreme
law of the land. If the States will not do it,
then it is incumbent on Congress to do it. But
if the States will do it, then the Freedmen's
Bureau will be removed, and the_authority pro-
posed to be given by the other bill will have no
operation.
Sir, I trust there may be no occasion long to
exercise the authority conferred by this bill.
I hope that the people of the rebellious States
themselves will conform to the existing condi-
tion of things. I do not expect them to change
all their opinions and prejudices. I do not ex-
pect them to rejoice that they have been dis-
comfited. But they acknowledge that the war
is over; they agree that they can no longer con-
tend in arms against the Government; they say
they are willing to submit to its authority; they
say in their State conventions that slavery shall
no more exist among them. With 1 ho abolition
of slavery should go all the badges of servitude
which have been enacted for its maintenance
and support. Let them all be abolished. Let
the people of the rebellious States now be as
zealous and as active in the passage of laws and
the inauguration of measures to elevate, develop,
and improve the negro, as they have hitherto
been to enslave and degrade him. Let them do
justice and deal fairly with loyal Union men in
their midbt, and henceforth be themselves loyal,
and this Congress will not have adjourned till
the States whose inhabitants have been engaged
in the rebellion will be restored to their former
position in the Union, and wo shall all be mov-
ing- on in harmony together.
Mr. RAMSEY. I move that when the Sen-
ate adjourns to day, it adjourn to meet on Mon-
day next.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomu-
roy in the chair.) The motion can only be re-
ceived at this time by unanimous consent.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that as
we have this bill under consideration we had
better continue with it.
Several Senators. Oh, no ; let us adjourn
over.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I submit it to the Senate
whether we had not better go on and bit to-
morrow for the purpose of continuing its con-
sideration.
Mr. CLARK. I object to the consideration
of the motion at the present, time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The motion
cannot be received. The question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois to the
bill before the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Lcttheamcndmentberead.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the fifth section of the bill, in
the following words:
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted, That the possess-
ory titles granted in pursuance of Major General
Sherman's special field order, dated at Savannah,
January 16,1865, are hereby confirmed and made valid.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Awl he it fn rthcr enacted, That the occupants of land
under Major General Sherman's special iield order,
dated at Savannah, January 1(5, I860, are hereby eon-
firmed in their possessions for the period of three years
from the date of said order; and no person shall be
disturbed in, or ousted Irom, said possession daring
said three years u 11 a settlement shall be made
with said occupant by the owner, satisfactory to the
Commissioner of the Freedmen's Bureau.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to ask a ques-
tion of my friend from Illinois in regard to one
clause of the bill. I refer to the provision
authorizing the purchase of lands for a partic-
ular purpose. My difficulty is a constitutional
one, and the objection from which it arises
struck me with some force when it was stated
by the Senator from Indiana. The bill, as I
understand it, authorizes the purchase of land
for the purpose of leasing it to colored persons
as homesteads. I desire to know whence tbe
authority is derived to do that. My friend will
allow me to say that it is not like an appro-
priation of public lands for such a purpose.
That comes under a specific clause of the Con-
stitution giving Congresspower '1 to dispose of''
the public lands. The-power granted by the
Constitution is general, broad, and comprehen-
sive, to dispose of the public lands according to
the discretion of Congress. It does, in fact,
purchase land within a State by treaty. That
has been done in the extinguishment of the
Indian titles in the States, but it has been done
under the treaty power, and the treaties could
not be carried out without an appropriation by
Congress for that purpose. But outside of
that, 1 am not aware of any purpose for which
lands have been purchased by the General Gov-
ernment except to carry out certain necessary
objects of Government. For instance, we must
collect the customs, and we may purchase lands
for the purpose of erecting thereon a custom-
house. There is specific authority for that pur-
pose ; but whether we can for any other pur-
poses purchase lands, in order to lease them or
give them away for particular objects, however
good the objects may bo, is a question in regard
to which I have some difficulty. 1 am now by
no means expressing an opinion ; I am only stat-
ing a doubt to the honorable Senator in order
that he or some other member of the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary may relieve my mind upon
the subject. There were other points which the
Senator has satisfactorily answered.
Mr. TR UMB ULL. I suppose that as a gen-
eral proposition the Government of the United
States cannot engage in the purchase of lands
with a view of farming them out to the citizens
of the United States ; but the condition in which
we are is poculiai ; these people are thrown
upon the Government for the time being. It
is not proposed to purchase these lands and
give tlieni away. 1 he Government. I think,
is bound to take care of them. It would have
been competent for the Government to have
made i.hem all prisoners of war. I suppose
that as a question of power the Government
might have captured and held in prison all the
inhabitants of the South, white and black,
where our armies went; it might have sent then),
if you please, to the city of Washington, and re-
tained them upon a farm rented by the Gov-
ernment for that purpose, and kept and sup-
plied them there for the time being. We are
bound to provide for them. We have lhat right,
I think, as growing out of the war power.
Mi. FESSENDEN. Then (he Senator's an-
swer is that it is a necc ssilj outside ol the Con-
stitution, and under the war power we can do
this thing.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not regard it as
outside of the Constitution. It is a necessity
arising out of the war power, and the Constitu-
tion gives the war power just, as much as it gives
any other power, in my view. I think it is very
much like the case of Africans thrown upon our
coast. Suppose—and such cases have occurred —
a slave-trader is driven into one of our harbors
with a load of several hundred Africans, and
they are landed there, the Government provides
for them. Wo have had a law of Congress pro-
viding for such cases for a long time. We take
charge of and provide for tliom and we scud
them back to Africa ; but we aie not compelled
to send them back;'! think we might, make a
different provision for them. This is a function
which, as a nation clothed with war powers, we
may exereite. It may not be a judicious mode
of doing it; the Commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau thinks it is. He thinks this will
involve no expense to the Government; from
the experience he has had in the last year lie
thinks he can obtain lands upon which to place
the freedmen, where they will not only sustain
themselves but be able to refund what he has to
pay for them. During the progress of the war
the Government of the United States has been,
and at this very time is. paying rent for tracts
of land in nearly all of the States for prison
purposes, and various other purposes growing
out of the war. These people are upon us just
as legally and effectually as if we hadcaptared
them and were holding them by force of arms
in prison att.his time. The Senator will observe
that it is only in reference to the indigent that
this provision is made. . -
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will van
derstand me. I do not object to the thing itself
if it can be done; and if it cannot be done fjie
argument of expense or cost is no answer.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not put it upon fiat
ground. I was undertaking to show merely that
we have occupied land in the various States for
war purposes in order to enable us to carry on
th e war. I do not know that we have purchased
these lands, but I do not see why we might not
have purchased them if that had been thought
more advantageous to the Government. I do
not see why the Government might not have
purchased the property at Camp Douglas, for
instance, near the city of Chicago, where some
eight, or ten thousand prisoners were confined,
and for which the Government has paid or will
have to pay a large rent. As a question of
power, I cannot see why it could not purchase
as well as lease the land. So we have power to
provide for these people. The Government hav-
ing that power has, in my judgment, the power
to adopt any means which it thinks best adapted
to accomplish that end ; and if in the opinion of
Congress the best means which can be adopted
to take care of these people is to buy land and
put them on it, I think we may do it, for the
obligation to take care of them is a constitu-
tional obligation imposed upon us as a Govern-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. To.tcst the sentiment
of the Senate on the question whether this shall
be a permanent bureau of the Government, I
move to strike out of the first section the words
''shall continue in force until otherwise pro-
vided by law" in the fifth and sixth lines. I'll is
amendment in regard to the duration of the bu-
reau, if adopted, will leave it just as the law
of last year left it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have only to say that
Congress meets once a year, and can repeal
the law at auy time. The bureau will expire
at the end of a year as the law now stands, and
the committee thought it better to leave it in
force until otherwise provided by law.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to ask the Sen-
ator when that year will end. Does he under-
stand that the year has commenced to run yet
or not? I should like to hear from him whether
the year has commenced to run.
Mr. 'TRUMBULL. I think not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now, if my friend from
Illinois makes 110 objection, I move that the
Senate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, January 19, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtok.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
appro red.
MERCANTILE MARINE.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a re-
port from the Secretary of the Treasury in re-
gard to decrease of our mercantile maiine, and
suggesting such remedial legislation as he may
deem expedient, in response to a resolution of
the House of February 23, 1805.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois, moved lhat
the report be referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
SUFFRAGE IN THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. HUBBELL. of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I
rise to a question of privilege. When the vote
was taken yesterday on the passage of the bill
giving colored people in this District the right
to vote I was confined to my room by indispo-
sition. I ask the unanimous consent of the
House for leave to record my vote in the aflirm-
ative.
