8308
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
b
pftnied with such proofs as such claimant can present
of the facts in his case; and it shall be the duty of
the Quartermaster General to cause such claim to be
examined, and if convinced that such claim is just,
and that such claimant, at the time such claim .ac-
crued, was loyal to the Government of the united
States and has ever since so remained, and bus never
in any way voluntarily aided the rebellion, and that
such stores were actually received or taken for the
use of and used by said Army, then to report each
case to the Third Auditor of the Treasury, with a
recommendation for settlement.
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all claims of
loyal persons not exceeding $500, for subsistence actu-
ally furnished to said Amy, and receipted for by the
proper officer receiving the same, or which may nave
been taken by such officers without giving such re-
ceipt, may be submitte'd to the Commissary General
of Subsistence, accompanied with such proof as each
claimant may have to offer; and it shall be the duty
of tho Commissary General of Subsistence to cause
each claim to be examined, and if convinced that it
is just, and that the claimant at the time such claim
accrued was loyal to the Government of the United
States, and has ever since so remained, and has never
in any way voluntarily aided the rebellion, and that
the stores were received or taken actually for the use
of and used by said Army, then to report each case to
the Third Auditor of the Treasury, with a recommen-
dation for settlement.
Sec. 3. And be it further enacted. That all loyal per-
sons having claims exceeding $500 for quartermaster's
stores or for subsistence actually furnished to the
Army of tho United States, and receipted for by the
proper officers receiving thesame, or which may have
aeen taken by such officers without giving such re-
ceipt, for the use of and actually used by said Army,
may prosecuto such claims against the United States
in the Court of Claims, in the manner and to the
extent now provided by law for the prosecution of
claims against tho United States in such court. And
il'such claimant shall establish by evidenco that at
the time his claim accrued he was loyal to tho United
States and has over since so remained, and that he
has never in any way voluntarily aided tho rebellion,
such court shall render judgment in favor of such
claimant for so much of liis claim as is found to be
justly due; and such judgments shall be paid out of
any money in th'c Treasury appropriated for the pay-
ment for quartermaster's stores and subsistence re-
spectively.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have an amendment
that I desire to offer to the bill. I was called
out of the Chamber at the time the bill was
taken up. With a view to offer my amend-
ment, 1 move to reconsider the vote ordering
the bill to be engrossed and read a third time.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill is
now before the Senate, and open to amend-
ment.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I offer tho following
amendment as an additional section:
And be it further enacted. That the second and third
sections of the aot of Congress approved July 1,1861,
entitled "An act to restrict tho jurisdiction of the
Court of Claims, and to provido for the payment of
ccitain demands for quartermaster's stores and sub-
sistence supplies furnished to tho Army of tho United
States," bo so amended that all claims of loyal citizens
in States not in rebellion at tho date of the passago
of the act aforesaid, for quarteimaster'sandcommis-
sary's stores furnished to, or taken by tho Army of
tho United States, under and by direction of any of-
ficer acting at the timo under competent authority,
may bo submitted to the Quartermaster Ueneral and
Commissary Genera!, with such proof as each claim-
ant can present of tho facts in his ca.se; and it shall
be the duty of those officers to cause such claims to
be examined, and after an investigation thereof, to
report each case, with their a,etion thereon, to tho
Third Auditor of tho Treasury for final adjudication
and settlement. That tbo provisions of this act shall
extend to such persons onlv as were loyal at the in-
ception of their claims, and havo so continued to the
presont time.
I will state that the object of this amend-
ment is to allow cases to go from the Quarter-
master General to tho accounting officers in
case he rejects tho claim ; that notwithstand-
ing that rejection it shall go, with his rejection
and his report, to the accounting officers. The
amendment also provides for cases where the
property is taken, not by the commissary or
quartermaster's department, but under the or-
der of the officer commanding. I understand
that this class of cases are not provided for.
The act of 1864 only allows payment where
the property has been taken by the proper offi-
cer, either of the commissary or quartermas-
ter's department; but there are many cases in
which the property has been taken by the order
of the commanding general, or person com-
manding at the place, where it was necessary
and proper, and the law does not provide for
the payment of those claims. This amend-
ment contemplates payment for that class of
claims: and I cannot see w.hy they should not
be paid. I cannot see why the decision of the
Quartermaster General should be final in ri v
to'a claim, providing the Third Auditor"and
the Comptroller think the claim is right. The
amendment proposes that, with the opinion of
the Quartermaster General, the claim shall go
to the accounting officer to be considered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was not in when the
amendment was offered, but I believe I know
what it is. It is to extend this law so as to
pay for property which has been taken without
the order of the proper officer. I think it
would be very unsafe to make that amendment.
There was great hesitation, a year or two ago,
in passing the law which was then enacted.
It is a very difficult subject to touch, be'eause
we do not know the extent to which these claims
are to be brought in against the Government.
The law that was passed provided forpayingfor
quartermaster's and commissary stores which
were taken by our Army, by the proper officer,
from loyal men in loyal States, when the prop-
erty was receipted for or was actually used by
the Army. That is as far as I am willing to go.
This amendment would throw it open still fur-
ther. Tho only difference between the amend-
ment and the law as it stands is in this clause:
the amendment provides to pay for property
furnished under the circumstances I have men-
tioned, "when taken by the Army of the Uni-
ted States, under and by direction of any officer
acting at the timeundercompetentauthority."
I do not know what that would mean, exactly.
I suppose an officer is always acting under com-
petent authority. There has been a great deal
of property destroyed and a great deal of prop-
erty taken during the rebellion that I think the
Government ought not to pay for, under cir-
cumstances which imposed no obligation on the
Government to pay for it. I think if we now
undertake to pay, as is provided by the bill
under consideration, of which the Senator from
Vermont has charge, for property in all these
disloyal States—for it is proposed now to ex-
tend the provisions of the law of 1864 over all
the States in the Union—to pay every loyal
man who was loyal when the property was
taken and who continues loyal when he files
his claim for any property which has been
taken by a proper officer and used by our
armies; that is going far enough.
Mr. EESSENDEN. A great deal too far, I
think.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This amendment would
extend it to property that was taken under the
direction of anybody who was acting as an
officer. The law as it stands extends it to the
'1 proper officer." It must have been a proper
person. I think this amendment goes entirely
too far.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The objection that oc-
curs to me with regard to the bill is the danger,
unless it is guarded very carefully—I have not
read it—-of not making any distinctions, not
laying down any rules for the examination of
this property. The language is very general,
and the whole matter is left to the Quarter-
master General and the Commissary General.
We do not know what rules may be established
by them. I think the rales ought to be estab-
lished by Congress, or else a report on all these
claims should be made to Congress. I think
it but proper that we should make some pro-
vision instead of referring all these claims to
any individual with a view to payment, because
they may cover immense amounts, and we do
not know what effect they may have on the
Treasury. I do not know but that the bill is
properly guarded; I have not read it; but it
strikes me that it would be the safer mode to
have the report of these officers submitted to
Congress before the claims are paid, as they
must necessarily involve very large amounts
of money.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We have been furnished
with a copy of the rules and regulations which
were adopted by the Quartermaster General's
and Commissary General's departments. They
were very carefully framed. This law has been
in operation one year or more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Was it not confined to
the loyal States ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, it was confined to
the loyal States. That was the original law;
and they adopted rules by which they required
the necessary evidence to establish all the facts
provided for in the law. If the Senator will
read this bill he will see that it is carefully
guarded:
All claims of loyal persons for quartermaster's stores
actually furnished to the Army of the United States
and receipted for by the proper officer receiving the
same—
That is, the first class—
or which may have been taken by such officer with-
out giving such receipt.
Now, what is it necessary to establish? The
rules of the departments, in the first place, re-
quire evidence of the loyalty of the party. I
have the rules here and will read from them:
Proofs required in support of the above classes of
claims.
1. That the claimant is a loyal citizen of a State
not in rebellion.
Then they go on to enumerate those States.
II. Citizenship. The claimant will i>e required to
show by his own affidavit, supported by the certificate
of tli e clerk or recorder of the town or county of which
ho olaims to be a citizen, that said claimant is a citi-
zen of said town or county.
III. Loyalty. The claimant will bo required to file
with his claim the oath of allegiance to the Govern-
ment of the United States, as prescribed by the Presi-
dent's proclamation of the 8th of December, 1863, sup-
ported by tho certificate of a United States officer,
oivil or military, that the said claimant was at the
date his claim originated, and has been ever since,
loyal to the United States, or the sworn statement of
the same facts of at least two witnesses, whose loyalty
and credibility shall be vouched for by the certificate
of the officers before mentioned.
IV. Claims arising under this act must be presented
by the claimant, or his authorized attorney, and in
the latter case it must, be shown by the certificate of
tho assessor or collector of his district, that he has
been duly licensed and authorized to act as a claim
agent.
V. Validity of Claims. 1. "When quartermaster's
stores or subsistence supplies have been taken by
officers and receipted for, such receipts or vouchers
must bo filed.
2. When such stores or supplies havo been taken
by officers without giving such receipts, the claim
must sot forth tho kinds and quantity of stores or
supplies, when, where, and by what officer taken, the
price or value thereof, and must be supported by the
affidavit of the claimant as to the correctness of the
claim; that tho articles named in the claim wero
actually delivered to, or taken by, said officer for the
useoi the Army; that no receipt or voucher has been
received therefor: that no payment has been made
or compensation received in any way, or from any
source whatever, for tho whole or any part of said
claim; that it has not been transferred to any per-
son or persons whomsoever, and that the rates or
prices charged are reasonable and just, and do not
exceed the market rate or price of the article at the
timo and place stated.
3. In all cases, whether or not receipts have been
given for tho stores orsupplies, tho affidavit required
by the next preceding paragraph must be supported
by such additional affidavits, or other proof, in rela-
tion to the facts stated as may be attainable. The
credibility of the claimant and of tho witnesses must
be vouchcd for by the certificate of an officer of the
United States, civil or military.
i. Proof must be furnished, as far as attainable,
that tho quartermaster's stores or subsistence sup-
plies mentioned have been actually used by the
Army of the United States.
VI. Under the internal revenue law each affidavit
and certificate must have affixed to it a five percent,
internal revenue stamp, which must be canceled by
the party affixing it by writing across thereof his
initials and the date.
VII. Claims for damages, or for losses sustained by
thefts, or depredations committed by troops, will not
be considered under the act above referred to.
These rales were signed by M. C. Meigs,
Quartermaster General, and A. E. Shiras,
Acting Commissary General of Subsistence.
The bill under consideration extends these
claims over the whole United States. I think
it is as well guarded as it could be, unless we
were to define what is meant by " loyalty.''
That ought to be done if there is any way of
doing it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Those rules are binding
at present while they exist; but it is in the
power of the Quartermaster General and Com-
missary General to change them at any time.
The rules made in these bureaus, although
signed by the officer at the, head, are generally
made by those who have charge of the exam-
ination of the particular case, and who they
may be and what their character may be, and
what may be their views of loyalty, &c., from
time to time, it is impossible to anticipate.
The idea which I wished to suggest was that
