824
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the rule adopted at the last Congress provides
that " when any member shall ask leave to vote,
the Speaker shall propound to him the question,
'Were you within the bar before the last name
on the roll was called ?' and if he shall answer
_ in the negative, the Speaker shall not further
entertain the request of such member to vote.''
Underthat rule the Chair decides that he cannot
ask unanimous consent.
Mr. ROGERS. Cannot the rules be sus-
pended ?
' The SPEAKER. Only on Monday.
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio. I have only to say
that I would have recorded my vote in favor of
the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The rule was adopted at
ti^elast Congress, under debate, to prevent votes
beinfe recorded except when the members were
in their seats when the roll was called by the
Clerk.
mary kirby smith.
Mr. DAVIS moved that the Committee on
Invalid Pensions be discharged from the further
consideration of the papers in the case of Mary
Kirby Smith, and that leave be granted for the
withdrawal of the pagers from the files of the
House, provided copies be left.
Tie motion was agreed to.
currency report.
Mr. GRISWOLD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution:
Resolvt-d, That there be piintedfor the use of Con-
gress five thousand copies of so much of the report of
the Comptroller of the Currency as is comprised ill the
first thirteen pases of said report.
The SPEAKER stated that the -resolution,
under the rules, would be referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing.
It was referred accordingly.
compensation 01' postmasters.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to amend the postal laws reg-
ulating the compensation of postmasters; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on the Post Office and Post
Roads.
tax upon flatb0ats. .
Mr. MOORHEAD, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Retched, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of so amend-
ing the act of July 11,1862, ay to exempt from enroll-
ment and payment of tonnage tax all ilatboats and
"barges used on the western waters in carrying the
products of their owners to maiket, and not used for
hire or as common carriers.
miami ixdiaxs.
Mr. STILL WELL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas the United States entered into a treaty
"with the Miami Indians on the 4th day of August,
185-1; and whereas it was agreed in said treaty that no
persons other than those embraced in the corrected
list agreed upon by the Miamis of Indiana, in the pres-
ence of the Commissioner of Indian Affairs, shall be
the recipients of payments or annuities unless other
persons shall be added to said li--t by the consent of
the Miami Indians of Indiana, obtained in council,
according to the custom ol the .Miami tribe of Indians;
and whereas it is deemed by said tribe of I>li.im't In-
dians ot Indiana that there aro person--'added to said
list who are not entitled to any payment or annuities:
Therefore.
IlChoIveil. That the Committee on Indian Affairsbo
requested to examine, and report by bill or otherwise,
who constitutethotribe of Miami Indians ol Indiana.
heirs 06' john 15. bouligxy.
Mr. WOODBRLDGE, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill for the relief of the heirs of
John E. Bouligny : which was read a first and
second time, and*referred to the Committee 011
Private Land Claims.
mary dl'xx.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill for the relief of Mary
Dunn, widow of Richard Fletcher Dunn; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
xational currency.
Mr. HOOPER, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Banking and Currency, re-
ported the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved. That the Secretary of the Treasury he re-
quested to inform this House what apportionment of
the circulating notes authorized by the national cur-
rency act has been made to banking associations in the
different States, in the, "District of Columbia, and in
the!Territories, as required by the amendment to the
national currency act, approved March 3,1865.
The SPEAKER stated the business in order
was the call of committees for reports on private
cases.
B. C. haynes.
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report on the
memorial of D. C, Haynes; which was laid on
the table.
b. e. burns.
Mr. NIBLACK, from the Committee of
Claims, submitted an adverse report on the
memorial ofB. E. Burns, of Missouri; which
was laid on the table.
sarah e. grower.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee on Inval'^Pensions, submitted
an adverse report on the petition of Mrs. Sarah
E. Grower; which was laid on the table.
david g. bates.
Mr. WARD, from the Committee of Claims,
submitted an adverse report on the bill for the
relief of the legal representatives of David G.
Bates; which was laid on the table.
james m'ayoy.
Mr. BARKER,from the Committee of Claims,
submit ted an adverse report on the petition for
the relief of James Mc Avoy; which was laid on
the table.
george calvert.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
submitted an adverse report on the petition of
George Calvert; which was laid on the table,
damages in rebel states.
Mr. McKEE. I would like to make an in-
quiry in regard to a report submitted by the
chairman of the Committee of Claims, taken up
for consideration yesterday during the morning
hour.
The SPEAKER. When the Committee of
Claims are called upon for public business again,
which will be either to-day, if the morning hour
does not expire, or on Tuesday during the morn-
ing hour, that will be still business before the
House.
volunteer troops ix missouri.
Mr. SCHENCK, from the Oomfaittee on Mili-
tary Affairs, moved that the committee be dis-
charged from the farther consideration of joint
resolution No. 44, for the benefit of certain vol-
unteer troops of Missouri, and that the same
be referred to the select committee on the war
debts of the loyal States.
The motion was agreed to.
mary j axe coniiad.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, submitted an adverse report
on the petition of Mary Jane Conrad ; which
was laid on the table.
oxe iiuxotieb days soldiers.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky, from the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pent-ions, submitted an ad-
verse report on the resolution to grant pensions
to relatives of soldiers who enlisted for one hun-
dred days and died in service ; which was laid on
the table.
berkeley and jeefersox couxties.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker,
I rise to a privileged question. On the 12th of
January the Judiciary Committee reported back
a joint resolution giving the consent of Congress
to the transfer of tin; counties of Berkeley and
Jefferson fiom the State of Virginia to the Stale
of West v irgtnia, with a written report recom-
mending that the resolution he passed. la or-
der that the report, might bo printed, and give
a little further time, the resolution wna recom-
mitted to the Judiciary Committee. Amotion
was made to reconsider that vote, and 1 desire
now to take up that motion, so that the matter
may be disposed of.
The SPEAKER. When the House is en-
gaged at any time in the consideration of public
business that will be in order; but it is not in
order when private business is under consider-
ation.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Very well; I
will make the motion at some other time.
charles e. anderson.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. The Committee on
Public Grounds have directed me to report a
bill for the relief of Charles E. Anderson. I wish
to state that this bill passed both branches of
Congress at the last session, but failed to ob-
tain the signature of the President by some in-
advertency. The old gentleman for whom this
relief is proposed is waiting hero. The bill has
passed the Senate twice. It is accompanied by
a petition which can be read if necessary. I
move that the House proceed to the consider-
ation of the bill.
The motion was agreed to.
The bill, which wasread, directs the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay to Charles F. Anderson,
architect, the sum of S7,500 in full for time, la-
bor, and expense in preparing plans and draw-
ings for the Capitol extension.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Unless some gentle-
man desires the reading of the petition, I move
the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed, and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time, and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The call of committees for reports of a pri-
vate nature having been concluded,
The SPEAKER stated that the committees
would now be called for reports of a public char-
acter.
war trophies.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, for the purpose of considering ap-
propriation bills.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to offer a resolution
calling for some information proper to be had
before he takes up the Military Academy bill.
Mr. STEVENS. If it applies to tliat'bill I
have no objection, and will waive my motion for
that purpose.
Mr. SCHENCLv, by unanimous consent, then
submitted the.following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to;
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed to
communicate to this House copies of tile correspond-
ence which took place in or about the month of June,
1865, between the Superintendent of the United States
Mili'.iir- Academy and the chief of the .Knirineer corps
of the U ni ted States Army, in relation to marking with
the names of any battles in which they were taken, or
otherwise, suns captured during the rebellion, and
preserving the same as public trophies at West Point.
treaty oe washington.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill further to secure to ximeriean
citizens certain privileges under the treaty of
Washington ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Com-
merce.
prevention oe smugglixo.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, also, by unanimous con-
sent, introduced a bill further to prevent smug-
gling ; which was read a first and second time
and referred to the Committee on Commerce.
bankrupt bill.
!j Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
line, reported the following resolution; which
, was read, considered, and agreed to:
i Re^tlvrd, That five thousand oopies of the bill to
