1388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Marefi 14,
time before trial. Tfi meet this difficulty, and
to secure to those who were intended to be pro-
tected by the law of 1863 the benefit of that
protection, it is provided in the third section of
this act that the change of venue may be made
after the appearance of the defendent and be-
fore the impaneling of the jury to try the cause.
That applies to suits pending as well as to suits
to be commenced hereafter. The object of the
section is to give relief to those men who have
been sued there, and who, not understanding
that it was necessary to file a petition lor a
change of venue at the appearance term, have
suffered that term to pass. Section three pro-
vides for a state of fact like this; there was evi-
dence before the committee tending to show
that in some of the State courts of Kentucky
the courts have refused to grant a change of
venue after application has been made pre-
cisely in accordance with the terms of the act
of 1863.
The reasons assigned, so far as I have heard
them, are two. The first is that the act of 1863
is unconstitutional; and the second is that the
court has a discretion which it may exercise to
refuse to approve the security which is offered
by the defendant that he will file the record in
the United States court. The fourth section
of this bill provides that—
If the State court shall, notwithstanding the per-
formance of all things required tor the removal of
the ease to tho circuit court aforesaid, pioceed
further in .said can so or prosecution, before said cer-
tificate is produced, then in thatcuscallsueh further
piOLCudiiiffs hhall be void and of none effect; and all
j.>artu;^, judges, officers, and other persons, thence-
forth proceeding thereunder, or by color thereof,
snail be liable in damages therefor lo the party ng~
gnevprl, to bo recovered by action in a court of tho
btute having proper jurisdiction, or in aeireuit court
ot the United States for the district in which such
further proceedings may have been had, or where the
party, officer, or other person, so offending, shall bo
iouml; and upon a recovery of damages in either
court, the party plaintiff shall be entitled to double
costs.
There are such cases. The evidence is con-
clusive that, there are eases in the Slate courts
where parties have sought to have this question
tried in the 1' cdcral court, and have performed
every act specified in the act of and yet
have not been able to have; the venue changed
after all. It was considered necessary by the
committee that after the petition had been filed
and verified as required by law, the State court
should have no further jurisdiction of the case,
and that its acts should lie void in ease it should
assume to proceed further and assume jurisdic-
tion to try tiie ease.
I lie fifth section of the bill provides for cases
which have occuned in which the clerks of the
Suite courts have refused to iiivc certified copies
ot the record to be filed in (lie United States
courts, and lo prevent the right to a change of
venue bom.!? defeated by any default of the clerk
ot tho State court. It provides that—
It i-hull he the duty of the clerk of the Stato court
to iuntiMi copies ot the papers and tiles 111 the case to
the ]>jirtv M> petitlonuiK tor tho removal; and upon
thendilsaloi-nc^dei'tofuieclcrk to furnish sncheopic"
thosaiij p;nl\ may docket the case in the circuit court
sli'i H « n,r '!"Ji' ,hcmiI>0>> xaidcircnitcourt
shall h.n i,juiiMhetton therein, and may, upon m-onf
oi Mien jomsai or nesrlect of tho clerk of the State
up°n 110tlcc hems given to the
,,  a"y further suit touching
the matter m controversy. wvuiub
There is another important provision of this
bill which 1 failed to explaiu. The law of 1803
provides that at the time the defendant shall
file his petition for a change of venue he shall
give security, to be approved by the State court
conditioned that ho will at the next term of the
Federal court file a copy of the record in that
court, f here was evidence before the com-
mittee tending to show that the courts have
exercised a discretion to refuse the secure-
when tendered, for the purpose of embarrass-
ing the defendant in securing this change of j
venue, and consequently it is required in' this !
biU that " on the filing of the petition, verified '
as provided in said fifth section, the further
proceedings in the State court shall cease, and
not be resumed until a certificate under the
se.al of the circuit court of the United States,
stating that the petitioner has failed to file
copies in the said circuit court, at the next
term, is produced."
The venue is not to be changed unless the
party at the next term of the United States
court files his copy of the order of the State
court. There are but two principles embodied
in this bill. Both principles are embodied in
the bill of 1883, which received the sanction of
Congress and the assent of President Jackson.
The first principle is that tho United States
will protect its officers in executing its laws
and maintaining its authority. And the second
principle is, that in testing the question whether
a man has been acting under the authority of
the United States the question shall be tried in
the courts of the United States. Those two
principles, I conceive, cannot be surrendered
without surrendering entirely the power to ad-
minister the Government and to execute the
laws.
I now move to recommit this bill.
Mr. HARDING-, of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker,
I coul-d give my hearty support and approval
to a bill which was framed to secure to all par-
ties full justice, without any special regard to
either the defendant or tho plaintiff. In regard
to the bill now under consideration, it is pos-
sible that some member of the Committee on
the Judiciary may be able to remove the ob-
jections which it seems to me pertain to the
provisions of this bill. I think it needs much
more explanation than it has yet received.
lhis bill is professedly for the purpose of
amending the act of the 3d of March, 1803.
But it goes far beyond the provisions of that
act. At the time that act was passed, some
very good lawyers thought there was no con-
stitutional power in Congress to pass it; others
gave a very reluctant assent to the provisions
of that act. But it will be found, upon exam-
ination, that tho act of 18G3 is guarded in some
respects ; it does not wholly ignore tho rights
of the defendant. The main provision of that
act makes it a substantial defense, in all
cases where a party is sued for trespass in
causing the arrest, seizure, or imprisonment
of another, to show that that arrest or impris-
onment was made under the order or authority
of the President of the United States.
Now, sir, there was plausible ground to be
taken in support of such a measure as that in
times of rebellion. It was not supposed that
the President of tho United States would act
indiscreetly or rashly; it was not supposed that
the President would order the arrest and im-
prisonment of a citizen without at least some
probable ground or eausc for suspicion. And
hence that extraordinary power was conferred
upon the President; and it was made an abso-
lute- defense in all cases where the party de-
fending could show that the act complained of
was done under the authority or order of the
President of the United Stales.
It that act is carefully examined, it will be
found that there is no defense in favor of any
party sued, unless he can justify the act by
showing that the act complained of was done
under the order or authority of the President
of tho United States. It is mainly the fourth
section of the act of 1863 which this bill seeks
to enlarge. That section provides—
That any order of the President, or under his au-
thority, made at anytime during the existence of the
present rebellion, shall be a defense in all courts to
any action or prosecution, civil or criminal, pending,
or to be commenced, for any search, seizure, anvest,
or imprisonment, made, done, or committed, or acts
omitted to be done, under and by virtue of such order."
The defense must necessarily show that the
act was done under the order, the authority of
the President of the United States. It will be
found moreover that that act is guarded in
other respects. The interest of the plaintiff
was thought of as well as the interest of the de-
fendant. It provides that the party availing
himself of thafdefense must file his petition for f
the removal of the cause at the time he entered
his appearance in the State court: he must give
.bond and good security that he will enter his
appearance at the first term of the circuit court;
and that he will himself procure and file a copy
of the record, and give bail if bail was origi-
nally required in the State court.
Now I call the attention of this House to the
first section of this bill, in order to show how
recklessly the provisions of the act of 1803 are
extended. That act can be construed in no
other way than that it requires the special or-
der of the President of the United States to
justify a seizure, arrest, or imprisonment. But
the bill under consideration goes far beyond
that, and gives the party proceeded against a
much more extended defense; it enables him
to plead in justification the order of a corporal,
or sergeant, or lieutenant. Ay, it goes even
fuitlier than that. What is the first section of
this bill? I will read it:
That any bearch, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment
made, done, or committed, or any acts omitted to be
done during tho said rebellion, by any officer or per-
son under and by virtue of any order, written or
verbal, general orspecial, issued by any military offi-
cer of the United States, holding the command of tho
department, district, or place within which such seiz-
ure, search, arrest, or imprisonment was made, done,
or committed, or any acts wore so omitted to be done,
cither by the person or officer to whom the order is
addressed, or by any other person aiding or assisting
hiin therein, shall be held, and are hereby declared,
to come, within the purview of the act to which this
is amendatory, and within the purview of the fourth,
fifth, and sixth sections of said act, lor all the pur-
poses of defense, transfer, appeal, error, or limitation
provided therein.
Under the original act, to make a valid
defense required the special order or authority
of the President of the United States. But
by this bill any order, verbal or written, gen-
eral or special, by any officer in command of
any district, department, or place, any kind of
order is made to justify the act complained of.
Now, I beg that this feature of the bill will be
noticed, and it will be seen that it is framed
wholly in the interests of one of the parlies
litigant. Congress is asked to intervene between
parties litigant after the suit has been com-
menced, and to act exclusively in favor of one
of the parties, and ignore the rights of the
other party altogether.
I learn now for the first time, by the gentle-
man's remark, that there was evidence before
the committee. But what sort of evidence was
it? Strictly and rigidly ex parte evidence—
evidence in favor of the defendants in all cases,
but not a word in favor of the plaintiff. The
result is what might have been expected. The
bill before us is strictly framed in the interest
of the defendant, utterly ignoring the rights of
the plaintiff.
Now, sir, is it not worth while to consider
the fact that there may be cases in which the
plaintiff is not exactly a criminal because he
brings a suit, but may have a just cause of ac-
tion? This bill seems to treat the act of suing
in the State courts as but little less criminal
than committing the original outrage. Every
provision in this bill, from first to last, is man-
ifestly framed in the interest of the defend-
ant, to the utter exclusion of the rights of the
plaintiff.
Sir, I would be willing to give my support to
a bill which should fairly attempt to promote
the ends of justice, without regard to the parties
litigant.^ But look at this bill; compare it with
the original act. That act requires a special
order of the President. It is to be presumed
that the President would not act rashly—would
not order the arrest of a person without some
evidence, or at least some reasonable ground
Butunder^he provisions of this
bill, d it be passed, any mere law student can,
1 affirm, frame a defense and exonerate any
defendant, though he may have committed rob-
bery, murder, or other high crime; because the
defendant is not required to state or to prove
that there was any ground of suspicion, or any
probable cause whatever for the seizure, arrest,
or imprisonment complained of; the order of
any officer in command at any place, either
general or special, verbal or written, is made a
hill defense. But the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Cook] says that there was evidence be-
fore the committee of the necessity of the bill.
Mr. ROGERS. The gentleman from Ken-
tucky will permit me to say that, so far as my
