1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
establisn a uniform system of bankruptcy through-
out tiie United States, as reported by the select com-
mittee on that subject, be printed tor the use of the
House m pamphlet form.
ADJOURNMENT OVER.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
a privileged question. I move that wlien the
House adjourns to-day it adjourn to meet on
Monday next.
The motion was agreed to.
STAMP DUTY ON WRITTEN INSTRUMENTS.
Mr. CULLOM. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of repeal-
ing that portion of the internal revenue law relating
to stamp duties upon written instruments, and referred
to in schedule B of said law.
Mi-. MOORHEAD. I hope the gentleman
will change the word "instructed" to "re-
quested. ''
Mr. CULLOM. I will do that.
The resolution as modified was agreed to.
CENSUS BUREAU.
Mr. KETCIIAM, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted thefollowingresolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to : s
Jiemlved, That the Committee on Military Affairs
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of con-
solidating the Census Bureau with the Provost Mar-
shal's Bureau, and that they be permitted to report
by bill or otherwise.
PAY OF SOLDIERS.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, by unanimous
consent, introduced a bill to amend tlie ninth
section of the act entitled " An act to increase
the pay of soldiers in the United States Army,
and forother purposes;" which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. I now insist 011 my motion
to go into Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended, and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Blaine in the chair.)
MILITARY ACADEMY.
The CHAIRMAN announced the first busi-
ness to be the consideration of a bill (II. It.
No. 37) making appropriations for the support
of the Military Academy for the year ending
the 30th of June, 18G7.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will ask the chairman of
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Ste-
vens] to permit this bill to be passed over in-
formally, because it is iny desire to offer some
amendments to it 011 behalf of the Board of
Visitors at West Point, of which 1 happen to be
chairman. I am not now ready to offer those
amendments, as the report is not yet printed.
I will, therefore, move to postpone this bill for
the present.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman says he
is not now prepared with his amendments, I
cannot resist his motion.
Mr. SCHENCK. The report is not yet
printed.
Mr. STEVENS. T hope it will lie ready so
that we may proceed with it on Monday.
The motion of Mr. Sciienck was agreed to.
naval appropriations.
The committee then proceeded to the consid-
eration of House bill No. 122. making appro-
priations for the naval service for the year end-
ing the 30th of June, 1S67.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand, from infor-
mation just given me, that the Committee on
Naval Affairs have some amendments which
they desire to propose to this bill, but are not
quite ready to submit tbem now. I do not like
to delay the consideration of this bill ; but to
enable them to submit those amendments I
will consent that this bill be laid aside for the
present. Bui I hope that we will be ready on
Monday to proceed with_ the consideration, of
all these appropriation bills.
Mr. KIOE, of Massachusetts. I do not ob-
ject to that: but I desire it to be understood
that it is not done at the request of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs.
Mr. STEVENS. Very well; then We may
as well go on with the bill now.
The bill was then read at length; after which
the Clerk proceeded to read it by clauses for
amendments.
At the conclusion of the reading of the para-
graph making appropriations for the Bureau of
Yards and Docks—
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, said: I believe
there has been omitted from the printed bill
an appropriation asked for from the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting. I would ask the
Committee on Appropriations if that commit-
tee did not have such an item as that before
them. There is an estimate for $800,000 for the
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting, which I
understand has been accidentally omitted.
Mr. STEVENS. There was such an item
reported in our bill, but, it is not, in the copy on
file. We h'M intended to introduce the item
before the item for the Bureau of Medicine.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. It would
properly come in before the appropriation for
the Bureau of Navigation. I will take this oc-
casion to say. that in this Bureau of Equipment
and Recruiting there is an excess of the appro-
priation for fuel of more than sufficient to cover
what is asked for the expenses of the present
year. Therefore, if the Committee on Appro-
priations shall see fit to consent to an amend-
ment to authorize the transfer from the appro-
priation for fuel to the appropriation for con-
tingent expenses for that- bureau, it will not be
necessary to make a new appropriation of
$800,000 for this purpose. I will offer the fol-
lowing amendment, to come in after Iho para-
graph making appropriation for the Bureau of
Yards and Docks:
Provided, That there he transferred from appro-
priations lor fuel io the contingent expenses of the
Bureau 01 Equipment and Recruiting, Jjh5U0,0U0.
The amendment was agreed to.
The reading of the bill was continued. At
the conclusion of the appropriations for the
navy-yard at Portsmouth, New Hampshire—
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
strike out the following paragraph :
For the purchase of Scavey's Uiand. &100,000: Pro-
rijh</, That a peii'ectand approved title in fee to the
whole inland can be obtained and vested in tlio United
States for that sum.
Mr. Sl'ALDING. Before that motion is put,
I desire io make a motion io perfect this para-
graph. The estimate was 8105.000. The com-
mittee agreed to the appropriation for that sum,
but by some mistake it appears in the bill for
$100,000, I move to make the appropriation
$105,000, according to the estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon the motion to
strike out.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I make
tin's motion, in the first place, for the purpose
01 getting some information in resrard to the
necessity for this appropriation : and in the sec-
ond place, because it is improper legislation,
as 1 conceive, to be in a general appropriation
bill. And I hope 1 will have the attention of
the committee for a few moments. as we are
now entering for the first time this session upon
the consideration of one of the most important
subjects upon which we can be called to act,
that is, action upon general appropriation bills.
I am certain that our constituents and the coun-
try look to us to guard most vigilantly the ap-
propriations which we make in the present state
of the national finances, and 1 was in hopes
that this committee, so able as it is, and so well
acquainted with the rules of the House, which
require that no appropriation should appear
in'the general appropriation bills but to carry
out existing laws, would have regarded \Vhat 1
have always contended was one of the wisest
rules of the House, that the Committee on Ap-
propriations should beconfinedto carry out the
provisions of existing laws, and not inaugurate
new legislation in an appropriation bill. .•
j" Now. sir, here is a provision in this bill whicli
jis in defiance of the rules of the House, as tos
■whicli^^g jtes.n'not now ta}s
to me'"06amiittee of tbe4W7ip:e."'~Biit
1 (fesire to Ttnow' S^^ie*6"otMtfl^Sn" Ap-
propriations, and I hope the Committee of the-
Whole will be made to understand, whyrtis
that we should be called upon at this time tas
make this appropriation ot $1-05,000 for the '
purchase of Se'avey's Island. We 'have gone
through a war, one of the most stupendous, as
it has been often said, that' the world has ever
known; we have passed through the war, and
there is not now that necessity for- these navy-
yards and these appropriations which existed
heretofore. I cannot believe, if the navy-yard
at Kittery, where I believe this- island is, was
sufficient during the rebellion for all purposes,
that it is now necessary, in time of peace and
the present state of our finances, to make this
further and additional appropriation. I am en-
tirely in the dark as regards the reasons wltieh.
may he urged, but they must be very strong
reasons to induce me to vote for this appro-
priation.
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman from Illi-
nois allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I will. -
Mr. HALE. Does not the same objection
apply to the appropriation at line one hundred "
and ilnrty-eight and that at line one hundred
and sixty-live ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Yes, sir;
and I intend to attend to those matters when
we reach that part of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. _ Mr. Chairman,_ I do not
wonder that my friend from Illinois requires
some information upon this subject. The com-
mittee to whom it was referred sought infor-
mation, not knowing beforehand whether the
appropriation was proper or not. We sent for
one of the ablest and most candid chiefs of
bureaus connected with this Government, Ad-
miral Smith; and we inquired of him fully and
thoroughly in regard to the propriety of this
appropriation.
For years past the operations of this navy-
yard have been so cramped fhat. the Govern-
ment has been obliged to rent adjoining prop-
erty for the purpose of carrying on the business
of the yard. Seavey's Island furnishes a water-
front which would, render all other purchases
or rentings entirely unnecessary. The esti-
mates proposed that we should appropriate
$120,000 for officers' quarters, as the officers
are now obliged to board in an adjoining town.
Upon Scavey's Island there are now a largo
number of houses, which, Admiral Smith in-
forms us, would, if the island were purchased, <
be sufficient for officers' quarters, for which the
appropriation of $120,000 was asked.
Besides, the purchase of this island would
give the Government a large area of ground,
always necessary andalwaysincreasing in value.
The Government now owns one part of the isl-
and ; but the owners of the remainder of it
have, by the authority of the law under which
; the Government purchased, established through
! the navy-yard a very troublesome thoroughfare,
! interfering very much with the convenience of
the operations of the Government.
The committee, under all these circumstances,
and knowing that, at the last Congress, the
Committee on Naval Affairs examined this sub-
ject, and I believe recommended this very pur-
chase, thought that, while we could afford to
purchase Scavey's Island for the purpose of
making complete a very important navy-yard,
we could save by the purchase, not only t,ho
S120.000 estimated for officers' quarters, but
also $25,000 which would be necessary for a
quay-wall. Wo thus became convinced that this
would be a wise and economical appropriation,
securing a property which is from year to year
rising in value, and becoming more incumbered
with'private buildings, so that after a few years
it will be beyond the reach of ihe Government,
and the want of this property will so cramp
operations there as to make this navy-yard
almost useless.
Now, sir, I have 110 particular interestor feel-
; ing in connection with this matter. Admiral
