1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8309
it is very dangerous for Congress to part with
the ultimate control of eases of this descrip-
tion. So far as they may go into court, let
them go.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This provides for going
into court.
Mr. POLAND. All claims above ยง500 are
required to go to the Court of Claims.
Mr. FESSENDEN. My impression is that
the safer way always would be to have a com-
mission to examine these claims under certain
rules.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is not half as safe.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not examined
the subject sufficiently to undertake to say that
the committee are not right; and where a com-
mittee have thoroughly examined a subject and
have made up their minds about it, I always
feel a delicacy in obtruding any opinion of
mine. But because of, possibly, the very great
extent of these claims, and because, perhaps,
of my former connection with the Treasury, I
think it better that we should define specifically
the rules which shall be followed, and make
them a part of the law, and then put the mat-
ter under the final control of the accounting
officers of the Treasury for them to examine
and see whether all the requirements of the
law are fully made out. If you leave it to the
bureaus to settle these claims, they will contend
that, their decision is final. I do not know
whether this bill provides that it shall be final,
or whether it sends them to the accounting
officers of the Treasury for examination ; but
if the intention is to send them to the account-
ing officers of the Treasury, it should specific-
ally provide that their decision should not be
founded simply upon the examination of the
vouchers, but extend to the entire claims in all
respects.
Mr. POLAND. Hut a very small propor-
tion of these claims will go to the Departments
at all. We procured from the Quartermaster
General and the subsistence department sched-
ules of tlie claims that had been presented under
the present law, and the amount of the claims
under $500 is not one per ccnt. of the gross
amount.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But when you come to
let in claims from all the Slates where our
armies actually operated, it strikes me there
maybe a multitude of small claims ; bat at any
rate, if the clause is left in the bill which pro-
vides not only for cases where supplies were
actually receipted for, but those where no re-
ceipts were given, it opens a very wide door.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The limitation is that
the supplies mast have been taken by the proper
officer, and actually used by the Army. Surely
the amount cannot be very large.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps not; but the
Senator knows how easy it is to make proof.
Wo have had great experience in regard to the
proof made of all these facts, and how easily a
claim may be trumped up, especially at a dis-
tance of time. If this is to be allowed at all, I
think it is important that there should be aliin-
itation of time. In the law providing for the
settlement of these claims there should be some-
thing in the nature of a limitation that claims
not presented before a particular time shall not
be considered.
Mr. POLAND. There is a general limita-
tion in relation to the presentation of claims
to the Court of Claims that we thought would
apply to this. I drew a section with a view to
that, but it was the opinion of the committee,
upon examination, that the general provision
of law in relation to the prosecution of suits
against the Government in the Court of Claims
would apply to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But if you take them
out of the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims
that may well admit of question. I suggest
the point. It seems to me it is a matter that
ought to receive very careful consideration.
Mr. POLAND. We have given it a good
deal.
Mr. HENDERSON. While this subject ia
before the Senate, I desire to^ state that there
arc a good many claims arising in my State 1
under this act of July 4, 1864, referred to by
the Senator from Illinois, and that in my opin-
ion the construction which has been given to
the act by the quartermaster's department pre-
vents the benefits intended by this act. 1 do
not complain that every act should be construed
in favor of the Government in reference to
claims as much as it possibly can be. 1 make
no complaint on that subject, because, as a
member of the Committee on Claims, I think I
have been as particular and as careful about the
allowance of claims as perhaps any other mem-
ber of this body. The Senate will sec, however,
that from the construction given to the law
already passed very few claims can be allowed.
For instance, they say that before any claims
can be allowed they must be shown to have
arisen under circumstances that would have
laid the ground for an action of assumpsit, not
of trespass, as between individuals. Where
supplies have been taken by force or violence,
they seem to think that act does not cover it;
that there must be an implied assumpsit, as it
were, between the individual whose property
was taken and the officer of the Government.
There must have been a promise; that is, the
property must have been taken under circum-
stances that would create a promise. In other
words, there is no relief if a quartermaster took
a man's property??? et armin, as was frequently
done in my State, and had to be done, the
armies marching across the State, and march-
ing so very rapidly that they scarcely had time
to stop and execute receipts. They did not
know exactly what they had taken. '1 lie quar-
termaster's depart meat, under some opinion,
given by Judge Holt, 1 believe, has come to the
conclusion that those claims cannot be allowed.
Then, on another point which I now propose
to mention, they have rejected a great many
claims. The law is that claims of loyal citi-
zens in States not in rebellion for quartermas-
ter's stores and subsistence supplies shall be
allowed. A question arises, where must the
claim have arisen ? A claim arising in Arkan-
sas, it being a seceded State, the quartermas-
ter says we cannot recover for, although the
owner of the claim is an inhabitant of my
State.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill is intended to
remedy that.
Mr. HENDERSON. I understand that.
Now, my understanding of the original law
was that it did not matter where the property
was taken, provided the claim itself was made
by a loyal man; that if the quartermaster's
stores and commissary stores were taken from
a loyal man, it did not matter whether they
were taken in Arkansas or not. For instance,
a man living in my State had a farm over in
Arkansas ; the quartermaster's department
says lie can bo allowed for the quartermas-
ter's stores and commissary stores taken from
his farm in Missouri; but he cannot he allowed
for those taken over in Arkansas, because the
point at which tlicy were taken was in a dis-
loyal State. That was not my understanding
of the law.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 submit to the Senator
from Missouri whether it is material to discuss
that question now. The bill under considera-
tion provides for it.
Mr. HENDERSON. I a:n speaking rather
of the necessity of passing some such act as
the Senator from Vermont now proposes. I
do not know, for I have not examined his bill,
that he does not go too far: I do not know but
that much '.hat has been said against this bill
may be correct. We have had the subject up
frequently before the Committee on Claims,
and I am satisfied that some legislation ought
to be had to remedy these difficulties.
I will state further, that my understanding
is that the quartermaster's and commissary
departments together have not allowed over
one hundred and fifty or two hundred thousand
dollars under this law. Indeed, I do not know
that the amount allowed exceeds $50,000; it
is, at any rate, a comparatively small sum.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is several hundred
thousand.
Mr. HENDERSON. In the two depart-
ments ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. I do not think it can
be over $200,000 altogether; and I know it
was very small indeed, or I was so informed a
short time ago by the quartermaster's depart-
ment, because of the feet that most of the claims
presented had been set aside under the con-
struction given to the law by these two depart-
ments under an opinion given, as I understand,
by Judge Holt or some of the law officers of
the Government.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I do not want to spend
one moment of the tinle of the Senate, be-
cause it is very desirable that the bill should
pass, but I wish to say, in reply to the Senator
from Illinois, that the amendment which I offer
is, I think, a safe one, and upon principle is
right. 1 have modified it by inserting the
words " and used," so that it shall read, " for
quartermaster's and commissary stores fur-
nished to, or taken and used by, the Army of
the United States, under and by direction of
any officer acting at the time under competent
authority.
Is it right to say that they shall not be paid
for, simply because the agent of the quarter-
master's department or commissary depart-
ment has not taken them, but a major general
has directed them to be taken? The fact that
the property is taken from a man true to the
Union, and used by the Government, is the
reason wc pay for it. If the evidences were
sufficient now, if the vouchers were sufficient,
it would not be necessary to have any law on
the subject. 1 do not think the decision of the
Quartermaster General ought to be conclusive;
but if the accounting officers find a claim to
be right under the law it should be allowed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am not satisfied that
this bill ought to pass. No doubt the passage
of it will involve the expenditure of millions of
dollars, and I very much doubt the expediency
of putting this vast expenditure of money
entirely beyond the control or the reach of
Congress. Certain claims under $500 arc to
be presented to the proper Departments of the
Government, and claims exceeding $500 are
to be submitted to the Court of Claims, and so
the entire matter is put under the control of
the Departments and of the Court of Claims.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 513.
MESSAGE 1'KOM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPijersox, its.Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to the concurrent resolution of the Senate pro-
viding for printing the reports of Major Gen-
erals WilliamT. Sherman, George II. Thomas,
John Pope, J. G. Foster, A. Pleasonton, and
E. A. Hitchcock, made to the joint committee
on the conduct of the war, together with such
other reports as may be received by the com-
mencement of the next session of Congress.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had non-concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (H. R.
No. 477) further to provide for the safety of
the lives of passengers on board of vessels pro-
pelled in whole or in part by steam, to regulate
the salaries of steamboat inspectors, and for
other purposes, asked a conference on the dis-
agreeing votes of the ixo Houses thereon, and
had appointed Mr. E. B. Washbi^hxe of Illi-
nois, Mr. CirATti.liS O'Neim. of Pennsylvania,
and Mr. DoxaU) C. McRueu of California,
managers at the same on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. -520} for the relief of the
heirs of Horace I. Hodges;
A bill (H. R. No. 5:j] ) for the relief ^of the
legal representatives of Major John A. Wliitall,
late paymaster in the United States Army,
