1866.
THE .CONGRESSIONAL (3-1011.
4269
would have b§en expedient or wise or right, all
things considered, under the cruel and horrible
surroundings of the rebellion. Men environed
by rebel bayonets in the hands of a power that
recognized no such thing as justice or injustice,
no standard of right and wrong—a power made
up of irresponsible and terrible despots—are
not in the. best frame of mind to judge what is
in all respects expedient or wise.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman will allow
me to inquire whether it was this unjust and
irresponsible power that Mr. Patterson swore
he would support when he entered upon .the
duties of that office.
Mr. MAYNARD. I have already stated,
and I ask the attention of the House to it, the
question is not as to auy disqualification, or
supposed disqualification, from the oath taken,
but quo animo he accepted office in those dis-
tressing times.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman to
yield to me in order that I may put a question
to him.
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I ask the gentleman from
Tennessee whether or not the constitution of
Tennessee had been changed at all when Judge
Patterson took that oath; and whether the
oath was not the same which had previously
been taken with the exception of the substitu-
tion of confederate States for the United States.
Mr. MAYNARD. The State constitution
required that every officer of every kind in the
State should, in addition to other oaths, take an
oath to support the Constitution of the United
States. I think I use the language precisely.
My recollection is that the rebels changed that
feature in the constitution so as to require
them to take an oath to support the constitu-
tion of the "confederate" States.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. He took an oath
to support the rebel government in addition to
his other oaths ?
Mr. MAYNARD. I suppose the oath he
took was an oath to support the constitution
of the confederate Stales. I see Judge Pat-
terson is present in the Hall and he intimates
that I am correct. The oath was, " I swear I
will support the constitution of the confederate
States of America." I think that was the form
required.
Sir. SCOFIELD. Does the gentleman mean
to say' that he took that oath and then violated
it; that he swore upon the Holy Evangelists
that ho would support the confederate States
and then violated it?
Mr. WRIGHT. I rise to a point of order.
I make the point that all discussion in regard
to this oath that was taken is irrelevant and
improper.
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. WRIGHT. The Senate have sent to us
for our decision the question in relation to the
admission of Judge Patterson to a seat in the
Senate. He is a good Union man. Now shall
we deny him that which he asks ?
The SPEAKER. The Chair overrules the
point of order, for it is in reference to this oath
the subject is now pending before the House.
Mr. WRIGHT. Very well, sir; I suppose
the decision is all right. [Laughter.]
Mr. MAYNARD. In reply to the question
propounded by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, I will reiterate that this joint resolution
does not propose to relieve Judge Patterson
from any disqualification from having taken
the oath under these circumstances, if it con-
stitutes any disqualification.
I will say, Mr. Speaker, that our Union men,
as a question of casuistry, differed in their
view of this subject. There were loyal men,
and when I say loyal men I mean it—I use
terms in their best-understood meaning and do
not intend in any manner to palter with words
in a double sense—men who went for the Gov-
ernment through thick and thin, high winds or
low winds. I say, then, there were Union men
who, as a question of casuistry, thought they
might take that oath and disregard it whenever
they thought proper to do so, disregard it en-
tirely withoutoffenseto theirconscience. There
were other men who took a different view and
refused under any and all circumstances, pro-
scription, imprisonment, and everything else,
to take the oath to support the confederacy.
Among these were high officials in the State.
Our present Governor was one of the latter
class. When imprisoned he was told that ho
would be released if he would take the oath,
and he steadily refuged to do so. The secre-
tary of state, also well known to the country
as a thorough and unequivocal Union map,
when in the power of rebels was required by
them to take the oath, and was told by them if he
did not they would imprison him indefinitely,
and he accordingly took it. He belonged to
the former class. The two classes were pretty
numerous. I am not aware that either was
offended by the course of the other. As I
have said, the situation was severe and dis-
tressing, and honest men acted as their judg-
ment dictated. The Union men trusted each
other implicitly, and their differences were not
made cause of reproach.
I do not know what Judge Patterson's feel-
ings were. I suppose when he concluded to
take the position he resolved to go through
with all formalities attendant on it. Let me
illustrate his situation by referring to an office
purely military, the office of conscript agent,
an office established for the collecting together
and reporting of all persons of military age
within the bounds of the official district. The
Union men were desirous that one of their own
number should be put into this office, not for
the purpose of getting men into the rebel army
but for the purpose of keeping them out; not
"in hostility to the United States" but "in
hostility to the confederacy;" not to aid the
rebellion but to aid the Government. "Should
it be insisted that this was a holding of office
within the meaning of the law such as to con-
stitute a disqualification ? I protest against any
such construction as contrary to the purpose
and meaning of the statute. So the Senate
evidently think. This office, held by Judge
Patterson, under the circumstances, is no dis-
qualification. A Union, radically Union, Le-
gislature have elected him to the Senate. It is
not proposed to modify the oath in behalf of
one who has been tainted with rebellion. No-
body proposes that. I certainly do not. Any-
thing else but that. The object is to relieve
from possible hardship a friend, at the same
time we exercise increased rigor to the enemies
of the country, to admit them by a side door
into the citadel while we barricade the main
entrance more securely against the other. Such
was the evident purpose of the Senate. And
while I might have thought it better to have
admitted the Senator in the usual form, they
have judged differently, and, as a matter of
comity toward the other House, let us concur.
Mr. BROMWELL. Will the gentleman
allow me to ask him a question ?
Mr. MAYNARD. Certainly.
Mr. BROMWkLL. _ I would ask the gen-
tleman this question: if, as he says, this oath
taken to support the confederate government
shall go for nothing by reason of any mental
reservation whatever, or that it is not consid-
ered binding in law on the conscience of the
person taking the oath, does not that lay the
foundation for any person who regards the test
oath as unconstitutional, to walk into this Hall
and take it without hesitation, upon the ground
that it possesses no binding force upon his con-
science?
Mr. MAYNARD. I will answer in a gen-
eral way, that I think it does not. I could give
at length my reasons for my opinion, but will
not do so, because I see that the hour to which
I am entitled is nearly exhausted. I have prom-
ised to yield ten minutes of my time to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Shellabahgeb,] and
I now do so.
_ Mr. SHELLABARGER. _ Mr. Speaker,
since I heard the report and joint resolution
sent us from the Senate, I have felt myself un-
willing to enter upon any extended considera-
tion of the merits of the joint resolution. I
wish, however, in the ten minutesjallowed me
by the kindness of my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. Maynakd] to say a few words -in regard
to the legal aspect of the question as now pre-
sented to us. It is a question, let me assure
members of this House, which in its reach and
effect it will be difficult for the best minds in
our bpdy fally now to take in and realize. I regnjt
on all accounts that it has come ,to us und'^r
circumstances like those which now surround,
us, and at a time like this. But I will .nonstop
to dwell upon that view of the question. Per-
mit me, however, to allude to on,e or two legal
points which are involved in this matter. It is
said that we may safely pass this joint resolu-
tion because the person who has presented his
credentials in the body at the other end 'of the
Capitol has been loyal; and that that fact is to
control and dispose of the question in this
House. Now, sir, it does seem to me that there
is a fallacy involved in that idea which a very
slight analysis will enable us to detect.
Sir, if there is -anything that lias been con-
ceded by everybody all through this controversy
upon the subject of reconstruction, dt is that
while the two Houses of Congress, as the po-
litical branch of the Government of the United
States, may and must judge of the existence of
the constituency to be represented, and of the
status of the States, and must decide when
there is a constituency that can elect a Repre-
sentative at all, and when there is a State that
sustains proper constitutional relations to the
Federal Government; while it is conceded that
there are matters that belong to Congress as
the political part of the Government, every-
body has conceded all through this controversy
that all questions of the election, returns, and
qualifications of its members belong solely and
alone to each separate branch of Congress by
itself; and therefore this House can judge to
no extent and in no degree of any question con-
nected with the qualification of Judge Patter-
son to take a seat in the American Senate.
Hence it is that what has been said so can-
didly and fairly by my friend from Tennessee
[Mr. MayxardJ has not reached the real ques-
tion in this case. It is not a question of loyalty
or want of loyalty on the part of Judge Patter-
son. It is not a question as to whether he took
or did not take a certain oath.
Sir, the question which is presented to the
American House of Representatives with start-
ling emphasis, and under startling circum-
stances, is whether we shall let down the law
to suit a case that is presented ; not a case in
fact, but a case in law. It is whether we shall
so change the law as that a man may take a
seat in the American Congress although he
cannot swear that ho has not held office under
the rebel government. Sir, disguise it as you
may, change terms as you may, talk as you
will, here to-night you have already got square
up to the question whether the House of Rep-
resentatives shall so Jet down the law as that
even Jefferson Davis can take a seat in the
American Senate. Sir, that is the question ; '
you cannot evade it, you cannot avoid it.
The Senate has sent us aproposition asking us
to say that alaw of theland shall be so changed
by a joint resolution of Congress that a man
may be permitted to come into the Senate or
into the House of Representatives who is un-
able to swear that he has not held office under
the rebel government. That is the question
which you are called upon now to decide. The
question of the loyalty or the disloyalty of the
gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. Patterson)
has nothing at all to do with it.
Pause, my fellow-members of the House of
Representatives, I entreat you, pause here upon
the terrible brink at which you have arrived,
and over which you look to-night. Take this
step, and there is no retreat. Take this step,
adopt this joint resolution, and you will have
indicated your willingness to permit the man
who has furnished the brains for the rebellion,
who has held an office, high or low, under the
rebel government to come here and assume the
responsibility of an American legislator. And
you are asked to do this when scarcely a moon
