3310
THE COMPRESSION AL GLOBE.
June 21,
deceased J on account of lost or stolen vouch-
ers ; and
A bill (H. E. No. 692) increasing the pensions
of widows and orphans, and for other purposes.
The message also announced that tne House
of Representatives had passed the following
Senate bill and joint resolution without amend-
ment:
A bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of the
Amoskeag Manufacturing Company; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander Richard
L. Law, United States Navy, to the active list
from the reserved list.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had non-concurred
in the amendments of the Senate to the joint
resolution (H. R. No. 52) to provide for tha
expenses attending the exhibition of the prod-
ucts of industry of the United States at the
Exposition at Paris in 1867, asked a confer-
ence on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses
thereon, and had appointed Mr. N. P. Banks
of Massachusetts, Mr. Samuel S. Marshall
of Illinois, and Mr. R. P. Spalding of Ohio,
managers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions; which thereupon received the
signature of the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 492) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and.comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under the authority of law, and for
other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 601) changing the name
of Emil Cohen ;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 148) to author-
ize the distribution of surplus copics of the
American State Papers in the custody of the
Secretary of the Interior;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 160) to pay the
State of Vermont the sum expended for the
protection of the frontier against the invasion
from Canada in 1864; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) for the
relief of Samuel Norris.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the report of the Commissioner of
Agriculture for the year 1865; which, with_the
accompanying documents, on motion of Sir.
Trumbull, was referred to the Committee on
Agriculture.
ii0usb bills referred.
The following bills frorrf the House of Rep-
resentatives were severally read twice by their
titles and referred as indicated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 692) increasing the pen-
sions of widows and orphans, and for other
purposes—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (II. R. No. 526) for the relief of the
lieirs of Horace I. Hodges—to the Committee'
on Claims.
A bill (H. R. No. 531) for the relief of the
legal representatives of Major John A. Whitall,
late paymaster in the United States Army, de-
ceased, on account of lost or stolen vouchers—
to the Committee on Claims.
steamboat inspection law.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 477) further to pro-
vide for the safety of the lives of passengers
on board of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, to regulate the salaries of steam-
boat inspectors, and for other purposes, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move that the Senate
insist upon its amendments disagreed to by the
House, agree to the conference asked for by
the House, and that the conferees on the part
of the Senate bs appointed by the President
pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to.
pabis universal exhibition.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) to
provide for the expenses attending the exhibi-
tion of the products of industry of the United
States at the Exposition at Paris in 1867, dis-
agreed to by the House of Representatives.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate in-
sist upon its amendments disagreed to by the
House of Representatives, agree to the confer-
ence asked by the House, and that the con-
ferees on the part of the Senate be appointed
by the President pro tempore.
The motion was agreed to.
internal taxation.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 513) to reduce internal taxation and to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and acts
amendatory thereof.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the bill,
beginning with the following clause of the ninth
section:
That section ninety-three [of the act of June 30,
1861] be.amended by striking out all after the enact-
ing clause and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
that all goods, wares, and merchandise, or articles
manufactured or made (except refined petroleum,
refined coal oil, gold and silver, spirituous and malt
liquors, manufactured tobacco, snuff, and cigars) by
any person or firm, where the product shall not ex-
ceed the rate of $1,000 per annum, and shall be made
or produced by the labor of such person or firm, or by
his or their family, shall be, and are hereby, exempt
from tax; whero the product shall exceed such rate
and not exceed the rate of $3,000, the tax shall be
levied, assessed, and collected only upon the excess
abovo the rate of $1,000 per annum; and in all other
cases the whole annual product, including any busi-
ness or transaction whero one party has been fur-
nished with materials or any part thereof, and em-
ployed by another party to manufacture, make, or
finish the goods, wares, and merchandise, or articles,
paying or promising to pay therefor, and to whom the
same are returned when so made and finished, shall
be assessed and the tax paid thereon by the producer
or manufacturer: Provided, That whenever a pro-
ducer or manufacturer shall uso or consumo, or shall
remove for consumption or use, any articles, goods,
wares, or merchandise, which, if removed for sale,
would bo liable to taxation, he shall bo assessed upon
the salablo value of the articles, goods, wares, or
merchandise so used, or so removed for consumption
or uso.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out "or" before
''made," in line twenty-one hundred and
eight, and inserting "or produced" after
"made;" so as to read, "all goods, wares,
and merchandise, or articles manufactured,
made, or produSed," &c.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move, after the word
"oil," in line twenty-one hundred and nine,
to insert "cotton;" so as to read, "except
refined petroleum, refined coal oil, cotton,
gold, and silver," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance also proposed,
in line twenty-one hundred and thirty, to strike
out "upon the salable value of," and insert
"for the tax upon."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made.
Mr. SHERMAN. At the close ofline twenty-
one hundred and thirty-two I move to insert
" but naphtha, the product of the distillation of
petroleum, and other similar bituminous sub-
stances, when used or consumed on the prem-
ises for fuel or cleaning."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume that is all
right; but would it not be better to put it in
the free list?
Mr. SHERMAN. This proviso provides
that where the producer consumes a portion
of his own manufacture he shall still pay the
tax. I propose to except naphtha consumed
in the process of distillation. I think this is
probably the best place for it, because it is
an exception to this proviso.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of the
ninth section of the bill, as follows :
That section ninety-four be amemdad by striking
out all after the enacting clause and inserting in lieu
thereof the following: that upon the articles, goods,
wares, and merchandise hereinafter mentioned, ex-
cept where otherwise provided, which shall be pro-
duced and sold, or be manufactured or made and
sold, or be consumed or used by the manufacturer or
producer thereof, or removed for consumption, or for
delivery to others than agents of the manufacturer
or producer within the United States or Territories
thereof, there shall be assessed, collected, and paid
the following taxes, to be paid by the producer or
manufacturer thereof, that is to say.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert the words " or use" after '1 consumption''
in line twenty-one hundred and forty.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification will be made.
The next item was read, as follows:
On candles, of whatever material made, a tax of
five per cent, ad valoram.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this item.
The next item was read, as follows:
On gas, illuminating, made of coal wholly or in part,
or any other material, when the product shall not be
above two hundred thousand cubic feet per month,
a tax of ten cents per one thousand cubic feet; when
tho product shall be above two and not exceeding five
hundred thousand cubic feet per month, a tax of fif-
teen cents per one thousand cubic feet; when tho
product shall be above five hundred thousand and
not exceeding five million cubic feet per month,
•a "tax of twenty cents per one thousand cubic feet;
when the product shall bo above five millions, a tax
of twenty-five cents per one thousand cubic feet. And
tho general average of the monthly product for the
yoar preceding the return required by this act shall
regulate the ra te of tax herein imposed. And where
any gas-works have not been in operation for the next
year preceding the ret"rn as aforesaid, then the rate
shall be regulated upon the estimated average of the
monthly product: Provided, That the product re-
quired to bo returned by law by any gas company
snail be understood to be, in addition to the gas con-
sumed by said company or other party, the product
charged in the bills actually rendered by the gas
company during the month preceding the return:
Provided further. That all gas furnished for lighting:
street lamps or for other purposes, and not measured,
and all gas made for and used by any hotel, inn, tav-
ern, and private dwelling-house, shall bo subject to
tax whatever the amount of product, and may he
estimated; and if the returns in any ease shall be
understated or underestimated, it shall be the duty
of the assistant assessor of the district to increase the
same as he shall deem just and proper: And provided
further, That gas companies located within the cor-
porate limits of any city or town, whether in the dis-
trict or otherwise, or so located as to compete with
each other, shall pay the rate ot tax imposed by law
upon the company having the largest production.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-one hun-
dred and fifty-nine the word " regulate'' should
be "determine;" and in line twenty-one hun-
dred and sixty- two the words " regulated upon"
should be "determined by."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those cor-
rections will be made.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by inserting after "return,"
in line twenty-one hundred and sixty-eight, at
the end of the first proviso, these words:
And all gas companies whose price is fixed by law
are authorized to add the tax herein imposed to tho
price per thousand feet on gas sold.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by adding, '"and all such compa-
nies which have heretofore contracted to fur-
nish gas to municipal corporations are in like
manner authorized to add such tax to such
contract price."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I approve the principle
of the amendment, but I suggest to the Senator
from Maine whether contracts made since the
passage of the first law ought not to be excepted.
There may have been contracts made within
the last year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suspect there are
none. They have been very careful about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I submit whether it ou^ht
not to read in this wise: "all gas companies
whose price is fixed by law or by contract made
prior to July, 1864;" the date of the passage
of the previous act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think there is
any danger about that.
Mr. SHERMAN. Very well.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
one hundred and eighty-one to insert the word
"same" before "district."
