2350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 2,
get to the higher grades in the British army,
promotions are never made for merit, but only
by seniority. "That is a system devised by the
nobility for the support of those for whom they
have purchased commissions. But it is a
system with which wein America ought to have
nothing to do. We cannot afford to make our
original appointments by the sales of commis-
sions $ nor can wo allow those who hold com-
missions to transfer them by sale, and thus make
a large amount of money out of them. That
being the case, there is but one other system
which we can adopt, and that is the system of
promotion by merit, and I think we ought to
apply the system to the lowest ranks.
I hope I shall be excused for venturing to
make these remarks upon a qestion that I may
be supposed to know nothing about, and I am
willing to confess it. As I am I'equested to
call the previous question, I will do so.
The previous question was seconded, and
the main question ordered; which was upon
the amendment of Mr. Garfield.
The question was taken ; and there were—
ayes thirty-two, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The question recurring on the motion of
Mr. Boyer, to strike out the twenty-eighth
section, it was not agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 29. And be it farther enacted, That the Presi-
dent is authorized to transfer officers of the Army of
the United States from the line to the general staff,
and from the general staff to the line, or from one
staff corps of the general staff to another and differ-
ent staff corps, or from one arm of the service to an-
other; but an officer on being so transferred shall
only take such rank in the staff or corps in which he
is placed as ho held by commission in the staff or line
"bei'oro his transfer.
Skc. 30. And be it further enacted. That the age for
the admission of cadets to the United States Military
Academy shall hereafter be between seventeen and
twenty-two years; but any person who has served
two years as a volunteer in the Union Army, in the
late war, mtfy be eligible to appointment up to the
age> of twenty-four years.
Skc. 31. And be it further enacted. That cadets at
tho Military Academy shall hereafter bo appointed
one year m advance of the time of their admission,
except in cases whoro by reason of death, or other
cause, a vacancy occurs which cannot thus bo pro-
vided for by such appointmcnt'in advance; but no
pay oi allowance shall bo made to any such ap-
pointee until ho shall be regularly admitted on exam-
ination, as now provided by Jaw. And in addition
to the requirements necessary for admission as pro-
vided by the third section of the "act making further
provisions for the corps of Engi neers,'' approved April
29,1812, candidates shall be required to have a knowl-
edge of the elements of English grammar, of descrip-
tive geography, particularly of our own country, and
of the history of the United States,
sec. 32. And be it further enacted. That the Super-
intendent of tho United States Military Academy
may hereafter be selected, and tho oflieers on duty
at that institution detailed, from any arm of the ser-
vice; and the supervision and chargc of the Academy
shall be in the War Department, under such officer
or officers as the Secretary of War may assign to that
duty.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move to amend by in-
serting the following as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted. That no officer
of the Aimy, in time of peace, shall bo dismissed
the service unless in accordance with tho provisions
of this act or by sentence of a court-martial duly
approved.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 33. And be it further enacted. That immediately
after tho passage of this act the President of tho Uni-
ted States shall convene a council of officers to assem-
ble at Washington city, which council shall be com-
posed of three general officers of the Army, three
officers of infantry, two officers of artillery, two officers
oi cavalry, two officers of the medical department,
oneomcerof the Adjutant General's department, one
officer oi engineers, one officer of ordnance, one offi-
cer of the quaitermaster's deparmcnt, one officer of
the subsistence department, and one officer of the pay
department; all to be selected for their high charac-
ter for intelligence, discretion, justice, patriotism,
and professional ability, and who, beingthus selected,
shall be retained on the Army list. It shall be the
duty of this council to inquire into and consider the
capacity, character, record of services, and fitness to
be continued m the military service of every officer
below the grade of brigadier general who may be in
the Aimy at the time of the passage of this bill; and
with a view to this they shall be furnished with all
information, papers, records, and other documentary
evidence they may require fiom the War Depart-
ment. As they proceed with this investigation, they
shall, from time to time, report all their conclusions
in each case to theSecretary of War. When the report
of a majority of the council is not adverse in the case
of any officer, lie shall tbeieupon be immediately
marked on the Army list to be retained in the service
in the position or rank which he is then holding, of
which due notice shall be given in general orders;
but if tho majority of tho council report that in their
opinion, and for reasons which they shall assign, the
case of any officer ought to be further inquired into,
he shall thereupon be summoned, by order, to ap-
pear before a board, to consist of three general offi-
cers or officers of his corps or arm of the service, senior
to him in rank, to undergo further examination. On
such examination, besides other inquiry as to his
capacity and qualifications, mental, moral, and phys-
ical, the officer shall be allowed, if the case requires
it, full and reasonable opportunity for explanation
and defense, and may produce witnesses and other
testimony to meet any objections or charges made
against him. If the board thereupon report that he
is not qualified to remain in the Army, for reasons
other than any which involve bad moral character,
lie shall be placed on the retired list, as is provided
in other cases for the retirement of Army officers, and
on the same conditions; but if he bo found unfit for
the service on account of moral disqualifications, he
shall at once be dropped from the rolls of the Army.
And in making such investigations into the fitness of
officers to be retained in the service the said military
council and such boards as may at any time be ap-
pointed and organized under the provisions of this
section, shall take into account the cases of any who
may have been employed in no active duty in tho
field during any part of the late war, and shall in-
quire specially into the reasons'for their not being.so
employed: and any officer whose absence from active
field service during the war shall be decided by a
board of examiners, after full hearing, to have been
on account of his sympathy with the rebellion or his
unwillingness to serve actively against the so-called
confederate States, or any particular State, or the
people of any State engaged in rebellion, shall be
reported the same as if found morally disqualified for
the service.
Mr. SCHENCK. The Inspector General's
department is not represented in the council
of officers according to the present provisions
of the section. I move, therefore, to amend
by inserting after the word " department/'
where it occurs the second time in the tenth
line, the words "and one officer of the In-
spector General's department,',' and by strik-
ing out in the same line the word " and so
that the clause will read:
Which council shall bo composed of three general
officers of the Army, three officers of infantry, two
officers of aitillery, two officers of cavalry, two offi-
cers of the medical department, one officer of the
Adjutant General's department, one officer of engi-
neers, one officcr of ordnance, one officer of the quar-
termaster's department, one officerof tho subsistence
department, one officerof tho pay department, and
one officer of the Inspector General's department.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 34. And be it further enacted. That no officer
of the Army below the rank of colonel shall hereafter
be promoted to a higher grade before having passed
a satisfactory examination as to his fitness for pro-
motion and record of past services bofore a board of
three general officers or officers of his corps or arm
of service, senior to hun in rank; and should the
officerfailatsaidcxamination.he shall be suspended
from promotion for one year, when, if he still desires
promotion, he shall, upon application.be reexam-
ined, and upon a second failure shall be dropped
from the rolls of the Army: Provided, That if any
officcr be found unfit for promotion on account of
moral disqualifications, he shall not be entitled to a
reexamination.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, some rep-
resentations have been made to me by officers
of the Army who have distinguished themselves
during the late war as to the possible working
of this section, and the propriety of an amend-
ment to guard against possible injustice. In
conformity with the suggestions made to me,
I move to amend by striking out in the sixth
line the words, u senior to him in rank," and
insertingin lieu thereof the words, "who have
served as seniors to him in rank during the late
war against the rebellion/' so that the clause
will read;
That no officer of the Army below the rank of col-
onel shall hereafter be promoted to a higher grade
before having passed a satisfactory examination as
to his fitness for promotion and record of past services
before a board of three general officers or officers of
his corps or arm of service, who have served as
seniors to him in rank during the late war against
the rebellion.
I will state the reason for proposing this
amendment. Some officers who formerly
served captains or majors, or held other
subordinate positions in regiments; have acted
as brigadier and major generals during the late
war, while their former colonels or lieutenant ,
colonels have not been selected for any such
command, being supposed to be not quite so
well fitted as their juniors, or not quite so
young and capable as it was desirable they
should be for the efficiency of the service.
Now, these gentlemen who may apply for col-
onelcies, or any higher grade of position in
the extension of the Army, do not wish to be
examined by officers senior to them in rank
who did not serve during the war, and whose
sympathies would not probably be .with them.
Mr. WRIGHT. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio whether he is not taking away from the
President and Senate their prerogative to
appoint, nominate, and confirm. The gentle-
man refuses to answer, and I hope the section
will be voted out.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 35. .And be it further enacted, That no person
shall be appointed an officer in the line oi in any staff
corps of the Army until he shall have passed a satis-
factory examination before a board, to be convened
under direction of the Secretary of War, who shall
inquire into and take account of the services ren-
dered during the late war, as well as the capacity
and qualifications otherwise of the applicant; and
such appointment, when made, shall be without re-
gard to previous rank, but with sole regard to quali-
fications and meritorious services.
Sf.c. 36. And be it further enacted, That for tho pur*
pose of promoting knowledge of military science
among the young men ot the United States, tho Pres-
ident maj'. upon the application of an established
college or university within tho United States, with
sufficient capacity to educate at one time not less
than one hundred and fifty male students, detail an
officcr of the Army to act as president, superintend-
ent, or professor of such college or university; that
the number of officers so detailed shall not exceed
twenty at any time, and shall be appointed through
the United States, as nearly as practicable, according
to population, and shall be governed by general
rules, to be prescribed from time to time by the Pres-
ident.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move the following to
come in as a new section :
And be it further enacted. That whenever troops are
serving at any post, garrison, or permanent camp,
there shall be established a school where ail enlisted
men may be provided with instruction in the common
English branches of education and especially in the
history of the United States; and the Secretary of
War is authorized and directed to detail such com-
missioned and non-commissioned officers as may be
necessary to carry out the provisions of this section.
Mr. Speaker, I only ask to say a word on
that subject. One of the greatest evils known
in standing armies is the evil of idleness, the
parent of all wickedness, and especially the
ignorance connected with it. I hope we will
be able to do something to eradicate that evil
from our Army, and to do something to make
it a patriotic Army. In the wearisome months
spent in camp and at posts and garrisons there
is nothing for them to do but to indulge in some
deviltry. It js a great evil in the Army. I
want the enlisted men to have opportunities
for culture, and I ask that the Secretary of War
shall detail officers fitted for that purpose. I
think such a section will relieve the Army from
this evil. It has been drawn hastily, but I think
will commend itself to the country.
One word more. If it were in my power I
would make a law that every man and woman
in the United States should study American
history through the period of their minority.
We cannot do that throughout the United
States generally, but we can enforce it to soma
extent upon the privates in our Army.
Mr. SCHENCK.' I have no objection to
incorporate this section into the bill. I only
advise the House and the gentleman who offers
it that I have a long bill proposing a radical
change to take place gradually in our whole
system. The purpose will be indicated by
reading its title. ^ It is an act to establish a
system of education in the regular Army of
the United States, and'provide that all promo-
tions therein shall begin from the rank and file.
As this is notto be presented now, but a matter
for future consideration, I do not object to the
amendment.
The Clerk read as follows: ¥
Sec. 37. And be it further enacted. That any person
applying for a commission under the authority of this
act, and having permission to appear before a board
