1890
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
ground his action and recover damages? Can
that be done ? Will any lawyer say that it can
be done? •
Let us look at the matter for a moment.
Does not this bill declare legal and valid that
which was manifestly unlawful at the time the
act was committed? The bill itself goes upon
the ground that all these acts were done with-
out law, without justification of any law, civil
or military. If there was any justiiication for
the act at the time it was committed, then this
bill ia unnecessary. It is upon the ground that
they were unlawful acts that you arc now called
upon to intervene and make that a lawful act
which was not so when committed. Can that
bo done? And yet that is the very thing that
is done here. Is not that retroactive? Is it
not manifestly an ex post facto law? If not,
how can you define it? No gentleman would
hesitate a moment to pronounce it so if the bill
were framed in the interest of the plaintiff, giv-
m new cause of action that the law did
jive him at the time the action was com-
mitted. But here you give the defendent a
defense which there was no law for at the time
the act was committed. At the time the act
was committed the law then in force denounced
the act as unlawful; and now you propose to
pass a law, retroactive in its character, to
declare that 110 damages shall be given for that
act-
Mr. MOULTON. I would like to ask the
gentleman a question, if he will allow me.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. J yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. MOULTON. Suppose that by an exist-
ing act of legislation a man has a cause of ac-
tion, and subsequently that act is repealed,
what becomes of his cause of action, and what
remedy has he, if any?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I hold that
no legislation can repeal my right of action.
No legislative body has a right to .repeal my
right of action.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill goes over until to-morrow.
amkuk! \n kisueiues.
Mr. PJKIO. I ask the unanimous consentof
the House to offer the following resolution :
Whereas the Governors of several of the I hi i nh
Provinces have publicly warned our fishing tleets oil'
the tishiusKiounds adiaeent to their coasts, and thus
indicated a design to 1 enew the unreasonable claims
mado by them priui lo Ihe leciproeity treaty and to
annoy our i>e:teeahle commerce - Therefore,
AV so/V'l, That the Secretary of the Navy he re-
quested to send sutlicient naval torce to the fishing
Kroimds to piolecl our titi'/.ensin the enjoyment of
their luthK as recognized bv the treaty of 1783.
Mr, BAN ICS. I have no objection t.o the
introduction of the resolution if it, is to be
referred,
Mr. PlKli. I wish the act ion of the House
upon it.
Mr. ROKS.^ I object to the resolution.
Mr. BLUXE. 1 suggest to my colleague
that lie allow the resolution to be referred.
Mr. 1'IKE. No, L will offer it at another
time.
mkssu;i: from Tire sexath.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Fokn-ky,
its Secretary, informed the House (hat the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bill
No. 1 •>!. lo lurl her secure American citizens cer-
tain pri\ ilege.s under the treaty of Washington.
j\ mix vl rkvi:xue.
The SPEA KER laid before the House a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury,
transmitting a special icooit of the revenue
commission upon the lel.itiou of foreign trade
to domestic industry and internal revenue; also
011 proprietary and other medicines, perfumery,
etc., as a source of national revenue; which
was referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means, and ordered to bo printed.
tax ox mining claims.
Ihe St'LALvER also laid before the House
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Oregon^ in relation to imposing taxes on
mining claims; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Mines and Mining, and ordered to be
printed.
walla walla county.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
joint resolutions of the Legislature of the State
of Oregon in relation to the annexation of
Waila,Walla county, Washington Territory, to
Oregon; whick were referred to the Committee
011 Territories, and ordered to be printed.
colored mutual i.utldtno association.
Mr. JULTAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the Colored Mutual
Building Association, of the city of Washing-
ton ; which waS read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
government printing office.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask unanimous consent
to submit the following resolution for consid-
eration at this time:
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing be re-
quested to icpoit a bill limiting the hours of labor
for the employes in the Government Printing Office
to eight houi^ a day.
Objection was made.
paris exposition.
Mr. BANKS moved that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole 011 the state of
the Union.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole 011 the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House joint, resolution No.
(yl. to provide for the expenses attending the
exhibition of the products of industry of the
United States at the Exposition at Paris in
18G7 ; upon which Mr. Wasiiburne. of Illinois,
was entitled to the floor.
Mr. WASIIBURNE. of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, I do not propose to occupy any very con-
siderable portion of the time of the committee
in replying to the oration delivered on yesterday
by my distinguished friend from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] upon the joint resolution now
under consideration. Indeed, I do not expect
to obtain the attention of the committee to
anything that [ may say in reply lo the remarks
of that gentleman, for his eloquent accents
have not yet died away upon our ears; and I
presume that the committee is unprepared lo
consider any plain and stubborn facts that I
may advance in opposition to this measure,
lint if I should have the good fortune to ob-
tain the attention of the committee, 1 am cer-
tain it will not bo from anything that I may
say, but from the fact that, the gentleman from
Massachusetts paid me the distinguished honor
to say that had it not been for the earnest op-
position that I had indicated to this measure
lie would not have spoken at all. And hence
the members of this committee are indebted to
this supposed and humble opposition of mine
for his very eloquent, elaborate, and well-pre-
pared speech of yesteiday, to which we all
listened with so much pleasure and with' so
much profit.
Sir, the gentleman was not mistaken in his
supposition that! am opposed to this measure.
I am opposed lo it. It is my fortune—whether
good or ill fortune must be determined by
others—to oppose almost all measures of this
character, looking to appropriations of the pub-
lic money for the benefit of particular and spe-
cial interests, in which the masses of the people,
who have to foot the bills, can have no partici-
pation. And no man knows better than I do
the responsibility which any member of this
House takes upon himself when he attempts
here to thwart the projects of private individ-
uals, of corporations, and of monopolies, who
undertake through onr legislation to get money
out of the public Treasury. No man, as you
know, Mr. Chairman, [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa,]
can do this without being loaded with oppro-
brium and with denunciations for the position
which he might deem it his duty to take on this
question of appropriations. I am aware that
I am generally in the minority. It is vastly
easier to float with the current and let the
money go than it is to hold resolutely to the
purse-strings. But I can say, as my distin-
guished friend from New York [Mr. Ray-
mond] said the other day when he found him-
self in a minority, that there is a luxury some-
times in being in a minority. If so, then 1
ought to thrive on that kind of luxury. [Laugh-
ter.]
I saw it stated in the papers not long ago
that I was the only member of this House
who voted against the proposition of my dis-
tinguished friend from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] which he brought in here sometime
gone by, which involved the expenditure, of
some two hundred thousand dollars of the
people's money, as I have been informed, for
the benefit of a private telegraph company
whose stock 1 am told is worth two hundred
per cent, premium. Sir, I believe I was the
only man that voted against it, and I shall vote
against all such measures, whether I vote "sol-
itary and alone'' or in company with others.
However, all this makes but little difference to
me. Conscious of the rectitude of my motives
I can stand a good deal. I think I can act
independently and justly upon these questions
which come before us, with no interest to sub-
serve but the interests of that common country
which, I trust, we all love so well, with no
objects to obtain which are not consistent with
the public good. Seeking no longer a contin-
uance in public life when my constituents shall
become willing or desirous to relieve me, it is
a matter of no personal concern to me, suc-
cessful orunsuceessful. triumphant or defeated,
in my efforts to prevent unnecessary and im-
proper appropriations, as long as I have the
consciousness of a duty to my constituents and
to the country faithfully discharged. Standing
in that position, I think I can afford to do jus-
tice to the public and justice to the Govern-
ment.
"Fiat justitia,mat cccfum."
If there is anything that could awaken the
attention of our constituents, of the constitu-
ents of all of us country members who sit on
the back seats, it would be a measure of the
character of the one now before us. And could
they come here—the men who are behind us,
the men from the field, the workshop, and the
mart of business, the men who do the voting,
the tax-paying. and the fighting, as well—look
down upon us from the galleries—for we put
them in the galleries, and only let the lobby-
members on the floor—they might ask us some
questions in regard to this joint resolution, and
what we as their trusted Representatives pro-
pose to do about it. They would tell us that
when we sought their votes we had accents of
economy upon our lips, but that wdien we got
into our cushioned seats here we had extrava-
gance and recklesness in our hearts and in our
votes. Yes, Mr. Chairman, we were all for
economy and retrenchment before the people;
but after thej' have committed to us the charge
of holding the purse-strings of the Treasury so
as to reduce the burdens upon them, they find
that we have ''reasons as thick as blackber-
ries" for voting outrageous and extravagant
appropriations.
Sir, this bill proposes to. open a new era in
legislation, and no man can tell to what extent
it may lead us in the future. Let me call at-
tention to the fact that when exhibitions simi-
lar to this were held in London in 1851 and m
Paris in 1855, when our Treasury was over-
flowing and our people prosperous, no man had
the impudence lo come into Congress and ask
that an appropriation of the people's money
should be made for the benefit of a few partic-
ularly interested individuals, who wanted to
make a market for their patent rights and their
g'imeracks and exhibit themselves in the courts
and palaces of Europe. But now, sir, with
a debt of $3,000,000,000, when our constitu-
ents are groaning under such taxation as was
scarcely ever before borne by any people ; when
the ingenuity of my distinguished friend from
Vermont [Mr. Morrill] has been taxed to the
