1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2351
of examiners,shall be entitled, in case of passing the
examination and being appointed or commissioned,
to receive mileage from his placc of residence to the
place of examination, or such portion of that dis-
tance as he may actually travel, the same as is paid
to officers traveling under orders, but shall be paid
no other compensation.
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That the allow-
ance now made by law to officers traveling under
orders, where transportation is not furnished in kind,
shall be increased to ten cents per mile.
Mr. ROLLINS. I move to amend by insert-
ing the following as a new section, to come in
after section thirty-eight:
And be it further enacted. That the provision in sec-
tion fifteen of the act approved July 5,1838. giving
to ceitain officers an additional ration per diem for
each iivo years of service, shall bo construed to apply
to all officers or soldiers of volunteers who may be
commissioned in the regular Army, and the date of
the original entrance of the officers or soldiers in the
volunteer service shall be the date from which the
period of five years shall be reckoned.
T understand that the committee have no
objection to this amendment. The object of
it is to secure a credit to the gallant men who
have_ served in the volunteer Army during the
war if they shall be appointed in the regular
Army, so that they may obtain the additional
ration. I think it is just and proper that they
should have the credit. They will have been
in actual service for some years, and deserve
the credit that this amendment proposes.
Mr. SCHENCK. If section thirty-eight
remains in the bill I have no objection to this
amendment to it. It has been my purpose,
" however, to move to strike out that section
altogether, and for this reason: it relates to
pay and allowances, and that very provision is
contained in another bill that we have reported
called the pay bill, which has been made a
special order in this House. Both the thirty-
eighth section and the amendment which the
gentleman proposes would be very appropriate
in that bill.
Mr. ROLLINS. It is the safest course to put
it in this bill.
Mr. BLAINE. If that bill should not pass
I would rather have the amendment in this bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read the following sections:
Sec. 39. And be it furthcr-enrictcd, That in construing
this bill, officers who havo heretofore been appointed
Or commissioned to serve with United States colored
troops shall be deemed and held to be officers of vol-
unteers.
Sec. 40. A/nd hr if. further enacted,, That officers of the
regular Army, who have also hold commissions as
officers of volunteers, shall not on that account be
held to bo volunteers under the provisions of this aet.
Mr. SCIIENOK. I propose after section
forty to insert as an additional section the fol-
lowing :
And be itfurtlipr enacted, That nothing in this act
shall be construed to authorize or permit the appoint-
ment to any position or ollice in the Army of the
United States of any person who has served in any
capacity in the military or naval serviec of the so-
called confederate Su.tes during the late rebellion,
but any such appointment shall be held illegal and
void.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have an amendment to
offer as a now section:
And be it further enacted, That all leaders of hands
of music in the United States Army, who now have
the pay of second lieutenants, shall be styled band-
masters, with the privilege of wearing the shoulder
straps of a second lieutenant with a lyre thereon
to indicate their position: Frovided, That noth.ng
herein contained shall add to the rank, pay,orcmol-
uments of such band-masters.
I have the honor to submit this to the chair-
man of the committee. I presume that in the
reorganization of the Army, apart from the
general matters that attract the attention of
the House, some minor details are necessary.
This does not increase the rank of these per-
sons, who are really officers, drawing the pay
of second lieutenants, but their pride, I pre-
sume, might, be gratified and their position
known by the wearing of a shoulder strap with
some of the insignia of military office upon it.
It does not, I admit, amount to much, but we
are all of us 'men, and the poorest among, us
have some personal pride, and therefore I
would like to have this amendment adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I understand the gentle-
man's amendment not to propose any increase
of pay.
Mr. WRIGHT. None whatever.
Mr. SCHENCK. Simply a badge.
Mr. WRIGHT. Simply that we may know
who are band-masters in the United States
Array.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ANCONA. I offer the following amend-
ment, to come in as aii additional section after
the section which has just been passed:
Sec.—. And be it further enacted, That there shall
be an instructor of sword cxercise with the rank,
pay, and emoluments of a lieutenant colonel of cav-
alry : that said instructor of sword exercise shall be
a thorough practical swordsman, conversant with
both cavalry and infantry sword drill, and bo dis-
tinguished for capacity, efficiency, and experience
as aninstrnctor; that he shall carry out such regula-
tions for perfecting the officers of the Army in the use
of the sword as the Socrctary of W ar may proscribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The forty-first section was then read as
follows:
Sec. 41. And be it further enacted, That nothing in
this act shall bo construed to affect in any way tho
Bureau of Refugees, Freedmcn, and Abandoned
Lands, as now established by law.
Mr. GRINNELL. I offer the following to
come in as an additional section:
Sec. —. And be it further enacted, That nothing
herein contained shall bo construed as affecting the
existing law respecting the rank, pay, and allowances
of chaplains of the Army, but the same shall remain
as now established by tho act entitled "An act to
amend section nino of tho act approved July 17,186:2,
entitled 'An act to define the payand emolumentsof
certain officers of the Army,'and forother purposes,"
approved April 9,1864.
The amendment was agreed to.
The forty-second and last section of the bill
was then read as follows:
Sec. 42. And beit further enacted, That all laws and
parts of laws inconsistent with the provisions of this
act be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
No further amendments being offered, the
bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a
third time: and being engrossed, it was ac-
cordingly read the third time.
Mr. SCHENCK demanded theprevious ques-
tion on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois^demanded
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Ohio
is entitled to one hour to close the debate, if he
desire to do so.
Mr. SCHENCK. I desire to submit some
little explanation of the bill before the vote is
taken. I do not propose to debate it at length.
There has been enough of incidental debate in
its progress through the House. The bill, as
reported by the committee, has not been in any
respect materially altered by any of the amend-
ments that have been made. Its general scope
and purposes remain about the same as I in-
dicated they were when the bill was first intro-
duced and submitted for consideration; and it
cannot be pretended that full and fair oppor-
tunity for amendment and discussion has not
been allowed upon each section of the bill in
its progress through the House.
The bill, it will be remembered, is one which
provides, now when the time has arrived for
us to determine what our Army shall be in the
future, for an establishment to consist of fifty
thousand men, capable of expansion to eighty-
two thousand, as the ultimate or maximum
number. The bill, m its various provisions,
is a most liberal one in relation to introducing
into this Army those who have served with
fidelity and efficiency in the late struggle for the
preservation of this Government. It throws
the doors wide open for the admission of vol-
unteers.
Perhaps gentlemen are not fully aware of
what is the present character, even with the
changes already made, of the regular Army of
the United States as it relates to the material
of which its offieers are made up, or of what it
would be if this bill should become a law, and
the Army be eventually reorganized under its
provisions.
I have here some tables, which I %vill not
detain the House by giving in detail, but which
contain some interesting statistics in relation
to this subject, and such as may perhaps be
new, even to many members of the House.
Let me take, in the first place, the present
staff corps of the Army. It consists, including
general officers, of a total of three hundred ana
twenty-seven. Of those, two hundred and fifty-
six in the different.staff departments are grad-
uates of the United States Military Academy.
They are divided in this way:
In the Adjutant General's department, where
there are twenty-one officers, throe are not
graduates, and eighteen graduates.
In the quartermaster's department there are
twenty-six who have not been educated at West
P oint, and thirty-nine who have been.
In the subsistence department, out of twenty-
nine as a total, two have not been graduates,
or are not now on the Army list, while twenty-
seven have been.
I may here remark that this list was taken
from the present Army Register of the 1st of
January, 1866, andit should contain the names
or two other officers who have been appointed
in the subsistence department from among the
commissaries of volunteers. So that there are
really four who are not graduates.
In tho pay department seventeen are not
graduates, and ten are.
In the Engineer corps the whole number
employed are graduates of West Point.
And so on until we reach the total which is
given as I before recited it.
Among the general officers in the Army, as
it now exists, we have a lieutenant, general,
who is a graduate of the Military Academy,
five major generals, all graduates, and nine
brigadier generals, eight of whom are gradu-
ates, and one of whom, General Terry, is not
a graduate. The list which I have here show)
only eight brigadier generals; being taken from
the Army Register of last January it does not
contain the name of General Terry. Thus it
will be seen that the staff departments proper,
with the exception of the quartermaster's de-
partment to a considerable extent, and the pay
department and ordnance department to some
extent, are made up of those who have been
educated at the Military Academy.
But a change has commenced in the line,
and is extending upward through the different
grades of offieers ; and it may astonish gentle-
men to learn that as the Army now stands, of
a total of eleven hundred and twenty-four offi-
eers of the lino, in the three arms of the ser-
vice—cavalry, artillery, and infantry—only two
hundred and eighty-four have been graduates
of the Military Academy ; while eight hundred •
and forty have beeu appointed from among vol-
unteers or directly from civil life.
But there are vacancies which are not in-
cluded in my list, which have recently been
and are now being filled, of a number of first
and second lieutenants, which will make the
relative proportion still different. Of five hun-
dred and sixty-four vacancies to be filled, the
whole of them are to be filled by appointments
from volunteers. The bill before the House,
without reference to what the Army will be
when these five hundred and sixty-four vacan-
cies are filled, provides for .six hundred and
thirty subaltern officers, who will also all be
taken from the volunteers.
Thus going on through the different items in
this table, I find as the general aggregate, if
this bill shall pass, that the whole number of
officers, in all arms of the service, will be two
thousand seven hundred and eighty, of whom
two thousand four hundred and thirty-two,
being the entire number with the exception
of three hundred and forty-eight who are grad-
uates of tho Military Academy,_ will be ap-
pointed either directly from civil life or for
the most part from among those who have
served as volunteers in the late war.
