1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to every member with whom I have had the
pleasure of conversing. Sir, I regard the test
oath passed by the United States Congress as
the salvation of the Union men of the South
as well as of the North. I regard it as sacred
as the flaming sword which the Creator placed
in ti(6 tree of life to guard it, forbidding any
one from partaking of the fruit thereof who
was not pure in heart. Sir, this is no light
question. Repeal the test oath and you per-
mit men to come into Congress and take seats
who have taken an oath to the confederate
government and who have aided and assisted
in carrying out its administration and laws.
That is what we are now asked to do. Look
back to the, 14th of August, 1861, the mem-
orable day of the proclamation issued by Jef-
ferson Davis ordering every man within the
lines of the confederacy who still held alle-
giance to the Federal Government to leave
within forty-eight hours. That order com-
pelled many to seek for hiding-places who
could not take the oath of allegiance to the
confederate government. When the rebel au-
thorities said to our noble Governer of Ten-
nessee, "We will throw wide open the prison
doors and let you out if you will swear alle-
giance to our government," what was his re-
ply ? "You may sever my head from my body,
but I will never take the oath to the confeder-
ate government." [Applause.]
Mr. FINCK. I rise to a question of order.
Is it in order to allow this cheering in the
House?
The SPEAKER. It is not; the Chair must
insist that gentlemen shall obey the rules of
the House.
Mr. STOKES. Sir, I cannot vote for this
resolution. I am committed against it, and
besides I do not think it ought to pass. This
House ought not to repeal or modify any part
of the test oath, ahd the failure to pass this
resolution does not prevent Judge Patterson
from taking his seat in the Senate by any means.
This House can vote down the resolution and
maintain the test oath, and yet if Judge Pat-
terson can conscientiously take the oath the
Senate will admit him. But it has been said
that this resolution was proposed in order to
preserve the law, to keep it intact. I cannot
see it in that light; I do not understand it in
that way. But pass this resolution and every
man who comes from the South, whether he
has held a judicial, legislative, or executive
office, or has been an officer in the rebel army,
can appeal to the precedent adopted by the
House of Representatives on the 27th of July,
1806, and your test oath will not be worth a
straw. Whenever you abate one jot or tittle
from that oath it is gone. It is now the shield
and protection of loyal men in Tennessee.
Repeal it here and they will be forced to repeal
it in Tennessee, and then where will the loyal
men stand? Where will the Union people be?
Mr. WRIGHT. Where will you be?
Mr. STOKES. Where I have always been.
Mr. WRIGHT. Where you were when you
wrote that letter?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey is out of order.
Mi-. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman from
Tennessee yield?
Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to inquire if the
letter, a copy of which I hold in my hand,
purporting to have been written by him, is
genuine. I will send it to the Clerk's desk and
have it read, with the gentleman's permission.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object.
Mr. FJNCK. Are you afraid of it?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope the gentleman
will not object. If it is not a genuine letter I
desire to know the fact; if it is genuine I desire
the gentleman to explain it.
Mr. STOKES. I have no objection to its
being read. I am responsible for all I have
said or done.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I object to it; the
gentleman is not on trial.
Mr. JOHNSON. He will very soon be on
.
Mr. STOKES. I will allow the letter to be
read.
The Clerk read as follows:
Liberty, May 1Q, 1861.
DeauSir: IWvejust learned from a friend that
there is some gross misrepresentations going the
rounds in your section in regard to my position in
this trying erisis, and for the benefit of yourself and
others I write this.
X have been a zealous advocate of the Union up to
the time of Lincoln's call for seventy-five thousand
troops; that being in violation of law, and for the
subjugation of theSoath. I commend Governor Har-
ris for his course, and for arming the State and re-
sisting Lincoln to the point of the bayonet, and have
enrolled my name as a volunteer to resist his usur-
pation. I have, in Congress and out, opposed coer-
cion, and all forced measures, believing that it was
better to recognize the independence of the "south-
ern confederacy" than to attempt to coerce them
back.
I have always opposed secession, but claim the
right of revolution, and the right to resist the op-
pression of the Federal Government, and to throw
off their allegiance to the same when that oppression
becomcs intolerable. That time has now come. I
have been, and am now, for standing by the border
slave States, for they are to be the great sufferers
during the conflict. I am opposed to being tacked
on to the southern confederacy at present, (except as
a military league.) But when peace is restored, if
the two nations cannot live in peace, let all the fif-
teen slave States elect delegates, meet in convention,
frame their constitution, and submit it to the people
for their ratification.
The South ought to be a unit during the war by all
means. I had announced myself as a candidate for
reelection, but on seeing Lincoln's proclamation for
troops, abandoned the canvass at once, and I am no
candidate. I claim to have done my duty in trying
to heal our difficulties and restore peace. That hav-
ing failed, 1 shall now march forward in the discharge
of my duty in resisting Lincoln, regardless of false
charges, or what not, by those who are trying to put
mo down. Time will tell where we all stand, and
who have been faithful.
Hoping to hear from you soon, I remain yours
truly, WILLIAM B. STOKES.
Mr. John Duncan, McMinnville, Tennessee.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I wish to know if that
is a genuine letter.
Mr. STOKES. Yes, sir; it is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand the gen-
tleman to say that he would freeze in his chair
before he would vote to modify the test oath.
I would like to know how he can take the oath
in the face of that letter, and whether it would
not be best, in order that he may avoid doing
violence to his conscience, for us to modify the
oath somewhat so as to allow him now, loyal
as I believe he is, to retain his seat in the House
of Representatives. [Applause in the gallery.]
The SPEAKER. This disorder proceeds
from the galleries. The assistant doorkeepers
will, on the repetition of any disorder, remove
the disorderly persons.
Mr. FINCK. It is on the wrong side.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I am satisfied to have
order enforced, although I am sure we have
spoken to the Chair on the subject several
times heretofore.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Wis-
consin has never raised a question of order
of this kind hut the Chair has promptly re-
sponded.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. The Chair has said that
he was unable to restrain laughter.
The SPEAKER. Itis impossible for any pre:
siding officer to restrain members from laugh-
ing. If the gentleman had ever occupied the
Speaker's chair he would have found it so.
But other manifestations of disorder he can
restrain.
Mr. WRIGHT. I can vouch for that, for
when I made a motion the Speaker himself
laughed. [Laughter.]
The SPEAKER. There is nothing more
common than to see "laughter" in the pub-
lished debates of the British Parliament.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I hope we shall never in
that respect act like members of Parliament.
[ Laughter. ]
Mr. STOKES. The letter has been read
and I must say I am obliged to my friend from
Wisconsin, who introduced it. He wishes to
know how I can come here and take the oath
now. The House will hear me out on this
matter, and then we will compare records—my
record with that of the gentleman from Wis-
consin or of anybody else.
In 1850, just after the passage of the com-
promise measures, a convention of Democrats
was held at the South, with Yancey at their
head. It was avowedly a disunion convention.
Soon after the meeting of that convention,
which was in October, the Legislature of the
State of Tennessee, of which I was a member,
met. The question came up of union or dis-
union, and I recorded my vote on the side of
the Union.
In 1855, a similar question sprang up in the
Legislature, and I again planted myself on
the side of the Union, both in my votes and
speeches. In 1859, I was elected from the
fourth district to the Congress of the United
States. I will say nothing in regard to my rec-
ord while here for it easily may be obtained
by reference to the Journals of this House.
You remember, sir, as well as others on this
floor, when the question was asked me, would
I not agree in any case to a dissolution of the
Union, that my reply was "Never, sir, never!"
That Congress passed off and the 4th of
March came. You remember, sir, we heard
the valedictories of southern secesh Democrats.
You remember after they had delivered their
valedictories in this House, they packed up their
duds and left. I then returned to my home,
and on my way, on the night of the 6th of
March, in Nashville, I declared in a speech I
would rather have a Government without prop-
erty than property and no Government. There
were hisses in the crowd. I repeated it. I
repeated that I would rather have a Govern-
ment and no property than property and no
Government. I said, "You can construe that
to be abolitionism, Lincolnism, or any other ism
you may choose.'' I told them they would uttei
the same thing when they had been subdued.
On myreturn home I made speeches at Cook-
ville, Gainsboro', Thynn's Lick, and at a great
many other places, up to the 2oth day of April,
1801. The Legislature was called together by
the Governor. They convened, and as I hav.e
repeatedly said, from the 25th of April up to
the 11th or 12th of the May following, I was
on the stump. Kentucky occupied a neutral
position. Union men of our State issued their
address. Almost every leading man in Middle
and Western Tennessee had lowered his flag.
I remained in that part not knowing where to
go or where to strike, and during that time the
letter, bearing date the 10th of May, was writ-
ten in my office. While I admit there are
things in it which are wrong, still there is not
a letter in favor of secession, not a word in
favor of separation.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him ? I do not want to disturb
him, but I should like to know whether there
is not something in that letter about forming a
league with the confederate States.
Mr. STOKES. I understand it perfectly
well, and I will make the gentleman under-
stand it before I get done.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Did you not say that you
voluntarily enrolled yourself there?
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
Tennessee yield the floor?
Mr. STOKES. I decline to yield any further.
Before that letter was written companies had
been organized and were in camp with the dis-
tinct understanding they were to fight under the
flag and were not to go out of the Union. The
honest boys of the mountains enlisted and went
into the Army with that understanding. I did,
with a few Union men, form a league, but the
secesh Democrats came in and seeing that it
was a trick against them they broke it into
pieces. That letter was written on the 10th
of May. I do not deny it. A portion of itis cor-
rect and a portion of it is wrong. On the 11th
day of May, before the ink was scarcely dry,
gentlemen returning from Nashville broughtthe
ordinance of separation. The moment I saw
that I said to my friends, " We are sold ; you
see there is no neutrality; but we are men ana
are now compelled to occupy our rightful posi-
tion."
Mr. Speaker, on the passage of the ordinance
of secession I took my position firmly and at
once. I made a list of appointments, and
spoke against separation and secession up to
