1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
327
A few years ago a commission was author-
ized by Congress and appointed by the Presi-
dent to visit ail the navy-yards in the country
and report, -the kind of work done at each,
where it was done cheapest, where ships w,ere
built best, and everything pertaining to the
question of navy-yards, and beyond all question
they gave the preference in the building of ships
to the Portsmouth navjr-yard. Why? in the
first place, they are built cheaper there than
anywhere else. They found that there was a
bettor class of mechanics employed there than
anywhere else, because they were not taken
from large cities, but were substantial citizens
residing in the surrounding country, and were
of that class of men who did more work and
did it better than the mechanics in any other
navy-yard in the country. They found also
that the ships built there lasted longer, partly
because they were better built, but more par-
ticularly because the timber docked there lasted
longer than that docked elsewhere.
Mr. D A VI S; 1 would ask the gentleman from
New Hampshire, what would this island of sev-
enty or eighty acres sell for ? What is it worth
without reference to its occupation for a navy-
yard ? What is it worth in the market?
Mr. MARSTON. I am unable to answer the
gentleman. There are seventy or eighty acres
of land on which, I should think, there are
twenty-live or thirty houses, mostly owned by
the mechanics who work in the yard, but there
are some very good houses belonging to gentle-
men who reside in Boston or elsewhere.
Mr. DAVIS. Can the gentleman form any
approximate estimate? Would it be worth
325,000, or $50,000, or any sum less than
3100,000? I think it would be well for us to
know its intrinsic value.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will state this much, that two years ago
Congress made an appropriation of thirteen or
fourteen thousand dollars to buy a little corner
ofi he island for the purpose of getting water
rights, and they could not purchase it at that
sum, it being only two or three acres out of the
whole seventy-nine.
Mr. HILL. I desire to. make an inquiry of
the gentleman from New Hampshire with re-
gard to those private dwellings upon the island.
I learn from the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kassox.] as well as from the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] that there are
several private dwellings upon the island the
tilie to which will not, as I understand it, bo
transferred to the Government by the purchase
of the island. I desire to know whether any
estimate has been made as to the value or the
price at which these private dwellings can be
obtained, or whether we shall be called upon
to purchase that property.
Mr. KASSON. I answer the gentleman that
the estimate for the purchase of the island in-
cludes all the buildings and the land. It would
be entirely inexpedient to purchase the build-
ings, with their sites, unless the whole island
is obtained. All the committee agree upon that,
and all the committee agree that anything less
than the S105,000proposed for the purchase of
the island would be useless. If it is expedient to
purchase the island, it is undoubtedly expedient
to purchase the whole of it, and appropriate
this sum for it.
Mr. HILL. Then do I understand that tlie
$10-3,000 will give us title to the whole island
and to the buildings upon it?
Mr. IvASSON. It is estimated that there is
every probability of ourbeing able to purchase
the island, with the buildings, for $105,000.
That is the estimate.
I will say, in reply to what has been said by
the chairman of the Committee on Appropri-
ations, that there is a road across the island
that has interfered, to some extent, with the
purchase of a small part of it that was designed
for the use of the hospital. The committee, I
believe I may say, are unanimous iu the opin-
ion that if an appropriation is to be made for
the purchase of any portion of the island, it is
expedient to purchase the whole, the difference
being only as to the propriety of making the
entire purchase at this time.
Mr. MAIlbiON. I desire to say only a word
further in answer to the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Davis J and the gentleman from In-
diana [Mr. Hill] in relation to the value of
this island and the houses thereon, and what
it would probably sell for for other purposes.
My belief is that it could not be purchased for
anything near $100,000 by outside parties. But
the only way of getting on and off that island,
except by boat, is by passing through the navy-
yard. And the Government would never be
able to get the title to this property for $105,000
except upon the idea that if it is not sold to the
Government, and the Department should take
away the bridge over which all now have to
pass to get 011 the island, the property would
not be worth so much to the owners as it now is.
Mr. PIKE. I should not add anything to
what the gentleman from New Hampshire [Mr.
MaiistoxJ has so well said upon this point but
for one consideration. It becomes a material
question now with us, what will we do with the
Navy? Shall we establish it upon a perma-
nent footing, and take means to make us in fact
what we claim to be, a first-class naval Power;
or shall we fall back and resume our old posi-
tion, the position which wo held before the war?
The Committee on Appropriations have recom-
mended large increase of appropriations for
three or four navy-yards in this country. They
recommend an appropriation of something more
than S500,000 for the Charlestown navy-yard,
$1,500,000 for New York, and nearly $500,000
for Norfolk. That is one way for increasing
our capacity for continuing and perpetuating
our Navy.
Another proposition which is urged upon this
House with considerable force is to establish a
new navy-yard—a proposition which was voted
upon at the last Congress. I do not say where
the navy-yard is to be, but at some proper place,
no doubt.
Now, the House is to determine, and it may
as well be done upon this appropriation as any
other, whether they will increase the capacity
of our navy-yards in the first place; and in the
next place, how they will do it. The proposed
increase is not large, and the objection taken
to it by the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Washbckxe] is not well taken; that is, that
we have made a large navy for the purpose of
carrying us through the war without the aid of
increased navy-yards, and now in time of peace
we cannot need any such increase. But he
forgets that during the war wo levied upon
every private ship-yard of the country of capa-
city enough to build a five-hundred-ton vessel.
He forgets that everywhere, from Maine to the
Potomac, the private ship-yards, the private
founderics, the private machine shops were
worked to their utmost capacity. And wc have
large claims presented to Congress now for ad-
ditional pay, because men who entered into
contracts were unable to fulfill their contracts
because the Government had anticipated them,
and had taken to itself all the supplies of mech-
anism and of labor in the country. And in
addition to that every navy-yard in the country
was largely over-worked.
Any one at all familiar w ith the subject knows
that at Portsmouth, at Charlestown. at Brook-
lyn, and at Philadelphia thework required of the
navy-yarrls was largely m excess of the capacity
of those yards, and the work actually turned
out there was turned out at great disadvantage,
because of want of room and want of proper
facilities at those yards.
Now, sir, my idea is not that we shall attempt
to rival the great navy-yards of Europe. There
is no need of that. Any one familiar with those
yards knows that it would require the expend-
iture of fifty or a hundred million dollars to
bring our navy-yards up to their standard—I
mean of the leading maritime Powers. But we
should have such moderate increase of our va-
rious yards as wjj.1 enable us to do the proper
work pertaining to them, the work necessary to
keep in proper condition a hundred naval ves-
sels, and to repair or lay up the .vessels not in
active service. Having done this, we shall be
prepared, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Spaldixg] has well said, for that next war,
which is of course to be on the ocean.
Mr. PATTERSON. 1 had no intention of
adding a word to the many good reasons that
have been given for this appropriation, and yet
as it was my privilege, during the last summer/
to visit this navy-yard forthe express purpose of
seeing the wants of the yard, I ought, perhaps,
to say a word in relation to it. I went through the.
yard in company with the officers in charge of
it, and so great was the obstruction there by
reason of lumber, ship materials, and stores of
various kinds, that we were obliged to wind our
way as through the streets of a great city. I
was toldby the officers in charge there that they
were obliged to move the lumber and materials
necessary for the repair of vessels three or
four times over before they could be used, be-
cause they had not sufficient room in the yard.
And the amount of expense which the yard was
thus put to, for want of room, would in a few
years equal the whole amount asked for topur-
chaseSeavey's Island. It is also known that
there is a somewhat extended water-front to this
navy-yard; but there is but a small space where
vessels can approach the wharf for provisions
andcoal; so that,in supplyingvesselswilhcoal,
it is sometimes necessary to remove the coal
two or three times. If this island were pur-
chased, the Government would have a depotfor
its coal.
Then, again, the dry-dock at that navy-yard is
nearly worn out, and its capacity is not suffi-
cient for the larger class of vessels now in use;
so that in a very brief period, in the course of
a few years, it would be necessary either to ex-
cavate another dock, or to build a bulkhead at
the front of the small outlet or stream between
Seavey's Island and the present navy-yard. By
building this bulkhead, and pumping out the
water, the Government would have a dry-dock
without the expense of a new excavation. The
expense of excavating a dry-dock would proba-
bly be greater than the whole amount now pro-
posed to be expended by this appropriation.
Besides, sir, if the yellow fever or any other
contagious disease should break out in the navy-
yard at Portsmouth, the whole yard would have
to be laid under quarantine and all operations
stopped there, even though it were in time of
war. But if the Government should purchase
this island, it could build upon it a hospital to
which, if yellow fever or any other contagious
disease should break out, those afflicted could
be removed, while the operations of the yard
could go on as before.
It seems to me, sir, that these reasons are
ample and unanswerable in favor of this appro-
priation. Let me mention another considera-
tion. A few days ago, I visited the Secretary
oF the Navj', by request of a large number of
workmen in that yard, who %sk that their pay
may be increased. The Secretary told me that
if the wages were increased, the amount of work
in that yard must be decreased, and that the
reason why so much work was thrown into the
Portsmouth navy-yard was that thework could
be done more cheaply there than in any other
yard in the country. This constitutes another
reason why this yard should be extended, so
that the work of the Navy Department maybe
done where that work can be done best and
most cheaply. And every one who has read
the history of the Kearsarge knows that at that
yard the work is well done.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Chairman, nothing
can be clearer to my mind than the principles
by which the committee should be governed
upon all questions like this. The most obvious
considerations—considerations destined to force
themselves most painfully upon everybody who
shall live in this country for a few years to come
—compel us to vote against any appropriation
of money unless it is absolutely indispensable.
In order to lie indispensable, the appropriation
should be necessary to the actual progress of the
operations of the (Government, or else it should
