THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
be the only mode of preventing a result certain
to laad in the end to a loss greater tlian the
amount of money asked. This principle, it
seems to me, is very clear. The difficulty is in
its application; and I, for one, regret exceed-
ingly that about a matter apparently so simple
as this we cannot have such a statement of
facts as will enable every member of the com-
mittee to illustrate by his vote the principle
which I have announced.
If it be true that this purchase is necessary
to carry on the operations of this navy-yard, so
be it; there is no answer to it, and no question
what we should do. If, on the other hand, it bS
true, as the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Spald-
ing] believes, that although in a certain sense
the operations there might continue without
this appropriation, nevertheless the expenses
incidental to carrying it *on, without the pur-
chase of this island, would shortly lead to the
expenditure of a sum greater than the amount
asked, so be it; in that case also the principle
I have announced would compel us to vote for
this appropriation.
But, AH-. Chairman, there seems to be more
than a doubt whether either of these proposi-
tions is true. At least, the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Kassox,] who is a member of the
committee, and has had the benefit of its inves-
tigation, has failed entirely to be convinced that
either of these propositions can truly be affirmed.
And for one, I am free to say, and am glad to
have an early opportunity to say, that wherever
there is a doubt, a fair doubt, about an appro-
priation, I propose to give the Goveriimentthe
benefit of that doubt. I say that, at this time,
at all events, the presumption is against an
appropriation, especially all appropriation in a
bill 01 this sort for a purpose not already fixed
by law. It comes here with the presumption
against it; and before it can have my vote the
case must be made so clear that there can be no
doubt of its falling within the principle by which
I wish to be governed.
Now, as I have remarked, there is a great
doubt about the necessity of this appropriation,
and therefore I for one am constrained to vote
against it. And I shall set my face firmly against
every doubtful proposition, believing, as I do,
that nothing in the way of responsibility rests
upon every member of this House so unmis-
takably and so gravely as to insist continually
upon retrenchment and economy in every branch
of the public service.
Mr. PIKE. Will the gentleman allow me a
word?
Mr. COCKLING. Certainly.
Mr. PI ICR. Did I correctly understand from
the gentleman's argument that he is in favor of
a decrease of our naval force?
Mr. CONKLING. lteally I do not know, Mr.
Chairman, how the gentleman understands that
from anything I have said.
Mr. PIKE. I was about to ask the gentleman,
on that basis, why he allowed an appropriation
of $0,3:3(5,G38 for the pay of the Navy to go un-
challenged?
Mr. CONKLING. I have never been good
at guessing at conundrums. I did not express
any opinion about reducing or augmenting our
naval force.
Mr. PIKE. I based my supposition upon what
everybody except the getii Ionian knows, that
the policy of maintaining or augmenting our
naval force is nccessarilv intimately connected
with maintaining our navy-yards.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. The question here is,
whether, for the purpose of carrying on this
navy-vard, this appropriation is indispensable,
and if it is not indispensable whether it is called
for to avoid a greater expense; that is the prac-
tical question. And my point is this ; the gentle-
man from Maine and the other members of the
committee who espouse this appropriation, fail
to_ show with sufficient, clearness to satisfy 1113'
mind that it is necessary at all: and therefore
I am constrained to vote against it.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand that where
ever there is any doubtthe pcentleman will vote
againstanappropriation. Now, I suppose that
priation to which some men
BenHEEe*"gentreman' wtlTliot
vote for anv appropriation.
Mr. COj^KLIN G. That is a suggestion of
great'propriety, and I have to make but a sin-
gle remark in answer to it. When a committee,
and especially a committee so able as the Com-
mittee on Appropriations in this House, report
a measure, even though not unanimously, it
ought to have great weight. When a Depart-
mentrecommendsaproposition, it ought tohave
great weight; and it would be idle for any man
to sit here and speculate on the shadow of
doubts. And if in the practical discussion here
very grave doubts in reality had not in reality
been east upon this, I wouldttnot have voted
against it. I say, despite the recommendation
of the committee, despite the sanction of the
Department, this discussion has developed the
fact that this question is at least a doubtful one,
and I give the benefit of that doubt to the side
of economy and retrenchment.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Chair-
man, I did not intend to occupy the attention
of the committee on this subjcct, but I am im-
pelled to do so from the direction the discussion
lias taken.
And, first, I want to say a single word on the
question of economy, for I am unwilling to ad-
mit there is any gentleman upon this floor who
is entitled to take precedence of myself in a de-
sire to reduce the expenses of this Government.
I wish to call the attention of the committee to
this fact in the light of this question of economy:
that the appropriations asked for by the Navy
Department last year, if I remember rightly,
amounted to $150,000,000. The estimates made
them for the present year only about $123,000,-
000. The Committee on Appropriations, if I
have correctly scanned the bill, have reduced
the estimates about $5,000,000. And the very
first thing 1 did myself upon this bill was to
oiler an amendment by which the Government
should save $800,000 more, because 1 had in-
vestigated the matter and found certain sums
belonging to unexpended appropriations which
might be transferred to other appropriations,
saving new appropriation#to be raised by taxa-
tion this year.
Now, sir, the close of the war has rendered
it possible for the Government to retrench and
reduce on all hands. ^tnong the first Depart-
ments that commenced retrenchment was the
Department of the Navy. Within ten days of
the fall of Port Pisher orders were sent from
the Navy Department to commence the reduc-
tion of the naval force. That was on the 21th
of February. On the 20th of May orders were
sent to the commanders of squadrons to reduce
the naval force by all vessels not profitably and
necessarily employed. Again, on the 31st of
July, or about the 1st of August, other orders
were sent to make the greatest possible retrench-
ment in the naval force. I say from Fort Fisher
up to this hour no member of this House or of
this Government has displayed greater anxiety
to retrench the expenses of this Government
than the Department of the Navy.
Now, sir, it is asked, " Where is the neces-
sity of increasing these yards at the present
time?'' Gentlemen have said, "You have got
along during four years, and why cannot you get
along for four years more, or an indefinite pe-
riod?'' Well, sir, if we were a perfectly mature
Government, if we were an effete nation, if we
were a nation going backward, then we might
raise the question why we might not eternally
stand still with the facilities wc now have for
cailying on the Government. But I do not
understand this to be any such kind of Govern-
ment or any such kind of nation. We are in-
creasing rapidly in population; we are rapidly
covering over our immense territory; and where
ever there is a foot of land occupied, whether
it be on the Atlantic or in the great West, in the
case of a foreign war which is to bo settled on
the sea, the welfare, the interest of every man,
whether on the coast or in the interior, is alike
jeopardized by the inefficiency of our naval
force.
Now, sir, at the commencement of this war
we had only about sixty vessels. It was neces-
sary for the Department to put into active op-
eration not only all the vessels it could niake
itself, but to press into the Service all the pri-
vate establishments of the country in manufac-
turing ships and machinery. But even that was
insufficient, and the Department went forth and
bought all the vessels they could find in the
mercantile marine that were adapted or that
could be adapted to naval purposes; and the
Navy rose from sixty vessels to nearly seven hun-
dred during the war.
Now, the retrenchment to which I alluded in
the commencement of my remarks commenced
on these purchased vessels. They have been
sold back again into the merchant service for
the mostjpart. But still there is a large num-
ber remaining which is a permanent increase of
the Navy. Jliere have been constructed during
the past four years between two and three hun-
dred ships, which are legitimate vessels, to be
used by the Government or takSn care of, and
the idea thatournavy-yards, that could accom-
modate sixty vessels, store them and keep them,
in repair there for the future wants of the Gov-
ernment when they may again be put into the
service, are capable of taking care of between
two and three hundred ships is, oirthe face of
it, an absurdity. Our navy-yards have not been
enlarged during the period of the war. Our
ships are now coming home, and they are to
be laid up. They must be properly cared for.
There are other vessels on stocks that must be
so far finished as to be protected from decay.
AndJ want to say to gentlemen, that it is an
absolute necessity that these yards shall be
enlarged, or the interest of the naval service
must materially suffer, in my opinion, to an ex-
tent vastly greater than the outlay that is pro-
posed to be made in this bill to,enlarge these
yards.
This recommendation comes from the chief of
the Bureau of Yards and Docks, who, I under-
stand from the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, has been before that commit-
tee, which was the proper place for him to go,
and has there explained the details of this ne-
cessity. And it lias come to us under tho recom-
mendation of the head of the Navy Department,
and I do n ot find any person connected with the
naval service anywhere who has any doubt upon
this subjcct. And, so far as I know, no gentle-
man who has visited these yards, and has him-
self made a personal inspection of the degree to
which they are crowded and the hazard from
fire that exists there, has any doubt, whatever
about the necessity of' either enlarging these
yards or providing new ones. And gentlemen
on the committee will be capable of judging
whether they can better increase at the present
yards the facilities for carrying on this work,
or whether we shall make somewhere else a
vast original outlay.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the committee
rise, in order to closegen eral debate.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope not.
I think we might as well discuss this matter a
little further.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Blaixii reported
that tlje Committee of the Whole on tho state
of the"Union had had under consideration the
state of the Union generally, and particularly
the naval appropriation bill, and had come to
no conclusion thereon.
Mr. STEVENS. I now move that when
the House again resolves itself into Commit-
tee of the Whole on this bill all debate cease,
except the five minutes' debate on amend-
ments.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will make it ten minutes.
Mr. STEVENS. I move, then, that in ten
minutes after its consideration shall be resumed
all genera] debate on the bill shall close, leav-
ing the five minutes' debate ; and that when the
pending amendment shall be disposed of, this
bill shall be laid aside, and the Committee of
