THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21.
these articles during the last two or three
years, and the sellers of them allege, as one
reason for it, the amount of tax imposed upon
their production and upon th§ articles used in
the production. They have doubled in price,
I think I am justified in saying, within the last
two or three years. I think my colleague will
bear me out in that assertion.
Mr. GRIMES. While agricultural prod-
ucts have been diminished in price.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Mr. President,, tho tax
last year from this kind of machinery, I am
told, amounted to six or seven hundred thou-
sand dollars. It is a pretty important item.
The answer to the objection made is simply
this: the amendment striking out this tax was
not reported by the Committee of Ways and
Means in the House of Representatives, but
was made in the House, where everything that
had the most remote connection with a farm,
especially with a western farm, went with a
rush throughout. The Committee of Ways
and Means struck down the duty from six per
cent, to three per cent., took off one half of
it. When that was done there was not a re-
monstrance against tho tax, or a petition or a
request from anybody to take it off; they were
perfectly satisfied with it as it stood ; but the
motion was made in the House in the interest
of the farmers in the West, and it went upon
that principle a!hd for that reason. That was
all that was said about it. Why should wo not
take the tax off shovels, and a great many
other agricultimil implements which, being
manufactures, pay taxes, as well as these
machines? Oil some of them the tax is taken
off,- and they are put upon the free list; but a
great many continue to pay the tax from day
to day. A shovel is just as much an agricult-
ural implement as one of those articles.
The manufacture of every one of these arti-
cles is a monopely. They are in the hands of
patentees who make enormous profits, who
have the exclusive control of them, and man-
age them to satisfy themselves, and can fix
their own prices; and the taking off of this tax
will not be for the benefit of tho farmers, but
will bo for tho benefit of those who sell the
machines. They may make the tax a pretense
for high prices now; but they will make some
other pretense, -such as the high wages for
workmen and matters of that kind, if the tax
is taken off, as an excuse for not lowering the
price. If we take off tho tax the money which
we now get from it will be simply presented to
them. That is the amount of it. No petition
or remonstrance has been received from any-
body against this tax.
Sir, there is no class of men—and they are
very large and very numerous—that are so
much favored throughout this bill, in every
particular, as the agricultural interest. Every-
thing is in their favor. I can understand very
well why a noise is made about it. The agri-
cultural interest has so many more votes than
any other, that it is always very important to
make a stir in favor of the agricultural inter-
est. It is so in my section of the country—
not so much so, perhaps, as in others. Per-
haps we have not so large a portion of the
population engaged in farming. That is all
the difference.
Mr. TRUMBULL. More engaged in ship-
building, I presume.
Mr. FESSENDEN. More engaged in ship-
building than in agriculture, I take it. But
there is not an interest anywhere that is so
looked after and so guarded, so sough't to be
protected in everything, and so well protected
as the farming interest, not only in the West,
but in the North, or wherever they are. It is
like the question of the soldiers' bounties, every-
body is afraid to vote against it, because the
soldiers have so many votes, and they may be
thrown against a man.
Mr. HOWE. What is the special protection
to farmers by this system of taxes?
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 cannot stop to enu-
merate ; I state the fact. The Senator will find
it out if he examines the bill. At the present
time I cannot make a long speech enumerating
them. The fact is so, and it always has been
so, from the beginning." It is so in this bill.
The tax i,s taken off very many agricultural
implements, and they are put on tho free list.
Farmers do not pay, as a matter of fact, any-
thing like, under'the iiicome tax, what every
other class of the community does, and cannot
be made to pay, because the law cannot be
manipulated so as to mako'them pay, what-
ever may be the provision. The bill that was
last passed, I believe, allowed them to support
their families out of their farms, and they pay
upon the surplus, while everybody else had to
pay upon what he receives, without reference
to the fact that he supports his family out of it.
Mr. GRIMES. In this bill?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The last bill. With
regard to this bill, we have left it just as it
was before; we have struck out the alterations
made in the House. That is the fact with
regard to it. The Senate will of course do
what it likes in relation to the matter, but
that_is the simple truth .with reference to it.
Nobody complained; nobody asked any al-
teration when this tax was fixed at' three per
cent. It is an important item of revenue; and
if you strike off this tax, it will be merely for
the benefit of monopolists who hold patents
and manufacture these machines, although it
is put on the ground of aiding the farmers. If
you take the tax off these machines, why not
take it off shovels and everything of that sort?
You cannot make the distinction.
With reference to the alteration that the
Senator from Iowa [Mr. Kirkwood] says was
made on page 160, it was no alteration except
by specification, and the specification there
made is the castings for machinery, not the
machinery itself. Castings for all kinds of
machinery, as specified there, are placed on
the free list.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not wish it to be un-
derstood that the farmers are seeking any
exemption from the payment of their proper
share of the public burdens; and as one of
the representatives from a purely agricultural
State I must repel that idea.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Seq^t^r misappre-
hends me. I do not suppose that the farmers
are seeking any such thing. It is the repre-
sentatives of the farmers, not the farmers them-
selves. The farmers do not ask for it. They
are willing to pay the tax.
Mr. 'GRIMES. I am unwilling to have any-
body infer that I, as one of the representatives
of the farmers, seek or desire any such thing.
If it be necessary that everything shall be taxed
in the hands of the farmer that is necessary for
him to use in order to produce his crops, I am
content that that tax shall be levied, provided
it be levied upon everything else that is neces-
sary, both in commerce and in manufactures
as well as in agriculture. My whole objection
to this proposition is, that it seems to look,
from the general scope and tenor of the bill, that
there are exceptions in favor of manufactures
and commerce to a very considerable extent in
the free list, while there are not corresponding
exemptions to the agriculturists and the man-
ufacture of the implements used in agriculture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Will the Senator point
them out ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, I think I can. On
page 1(53, in the free list, I find "masts, spars,
ship and vessel blocks, and treenail wedges,
and deck-plugs, cordage, ropes, and cables
made of vegetable fiber." That includes al-
most all of the rigging of a ship. In addition
to those the "hulls of ships and other vessels''
are exempt. All I have to say in regard to
that is, that if it be necessary to the protection
of commerce, to encourage the production of
ships in the commercial sections of the coun-
try, I am content to exempt them; but I want
a corresponding relief afforded to the other
important interests of the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I turn the Senator's
attention to page 165, line one hundred and
seven. He will find there, "plows, cultiva-
tors, harrows, straw and hay cutters, planters,
seed-drills, - horse-rakes, hand-ralces, cotton-
gins, grain-cradles, and winnowing-mills."
They are exempt.
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir; a plow that costs
eight dollars and a shovel that costs one dollar
are exempt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; shovels are taxed.
,Mr. GRIMES. The rake that costs fifty cents
is exempt. I suppose the secret of its exemp-
tion really is, if we could only get at the mo-
tives that prompt the Committee of Ways and
Means to recommend it, that it costs more to
collect the tax than the tax is worth.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir, by no manner
of means. They could be taxed as manufac-
tures at the factories. Take plows. What is
there a larger manufacture of in this country
than of plows? What would pay a larger
amount, comparatively ? Everybody must have
a plow.
Mr. GRIMES. Everybody must have a
plow ; but then there is not one tenth of the
capital locked up in plows in our section of the
country that there is in reapers and mowers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They must buy the
plows. '
Mr. GRIMES. They buy the plows; but I
say there is ten times as much capital invested
in this other machinery necessarily, and we are
compelled to do it in order to save our crops.
The same rule does not apply to a reaper
and mower that does apply to a plow or a har-
row or any of these small agricultural imple-
ments.
The Senator says that these reapers and
mowers and various other agricultural imple-
ments are in the hands of monopolists; that
they have patents for them. It is true some
of tbem are. Some of them are not, however.
But there are different kinds of patents for
each one of these particular implements, and
those patentees are in rivalry, the one with the
other; so that they have not really an oppor-
tunity to oppress the agricultural community,
as they would have if there was only one va-
riety of each one of those patents. The effect
of the imposition of this tax has been to in-
crease, as my colleague- has told you, nearly
double, the value of each one of these partic-
ular implements.
Mr. FESSFNDEN. How could it be?
Mr. GRIMES. I cannot say by what pro-
cess it is done. I am only stating the fact.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I deny the fact. The
fact cannot be so. I have no question the
price has doubled ; that may be; but there are
a great many other matters that have gone into
the increase of pricc—the increase of the rate
of wages, and of all sorts of materials, and
everything of that sort.
Mr. GKIMES. I believe the tax itself
amounted to about twenty-five dollars on a
reaper or mower. If we omit the tax it cer-
tainly would reduce the price that much.
Mr. FESSENDEN. _ No; they would find
some excuse to charge just as much.
Mr. GRIMES. We are willing to run that
risk. As this is the only proposition there is
in the whole bill, it seems to me, in which the
section of country that I have the honor to live
in is peculiarly interested, I trust wc shall not
have this burden thrown upon us, if the free
list, at any rate, is to remain as it now is.
Mr. KIRK WOOD. The Senator from Maine,
I am satisfied, cannot understand the condition
of our people with regard to these msdters. It
•is substantially the same as taxing men in our
State. There is not one acre out of a hundred
of our wheat that is cut in any other way than
with a reaper. There is not one acre out of a
hundred that is cut in any other way than with
a mower. We have not the men in our State
to collect our crops without these machines.
If you would give us your superabundant pop-
ulation to do the work, we should be content;
but these machines are used by us instead of
men. Without them we could not gather our
crops at all. We could not begin to save the
crops we put in the ground unless we had this
machinery. It is just like taxing men in a
State where men are abundant for you, in a
