'4m
fHE OO^GRISSIOWAL 'GLOBE.
July "27,
the day of the election, on the 8th of June. I
met Judge Ridley, Rev. J. B. McFerrin, and
others. My friends will bear me out that but
few men moved forward and worked against
secession as I did. The. 8th of Jane came,
• and I voted against secession and separation.
I remained quietly at home, and when the
election came on in November, others, like
myself, voted against the ratification of the
constitution.
February came, and the rebel troops came.
They-were in the country. Fishing Creek fight
took place. In March, General Buell arrived,
with his blue-coats, at Nashville. When that
occurred, .I worked my way through. I did
not go there to eat the rations of the soldiers.
I did not go there to lie around the camp. I
did not go there and subject myself to be called
a camp follower. The President of the United
States first commissioned me as a major, and
then as a colonel in the Army. I raised a regi-
ment of cavalry, of twelve hundred men. I
will not speak of the acts of that regiment. It
is of record, whether good or bad. It is indel-
ible, and cannot be wiped out. I served in the
Federal Army about three years and a few days
over. I can stand here and say 1 never, dur-
ing the whole three years, disobeyed an order
of my superior. I went where I was ordered.
I took whatever place I was ordered. I held
it when I was ordered.
During the canvass for Lincoln and Johnson
I was placed on the ticket as one of the elect-
ors. I made the canvass in 18G5. The rebel
sympathizers were then all against me, while
the loyal Union men were in my favor.
Mr. WRIGHT. I rise to aquestion of order.
I think the remarks of the gentleman from Ten-
nessee are not germane to the subject under
consideration. [Laughter.] We are looking
after the resolution for the admission of Judge
Patterson to a seat in the Senate.
Mi-. STOKES. I do not yield to the gentle-
man for a speech.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order. The gentleman from Tennes-
see has been drawn from the regular course of
his remarks by a letter which the gentleman
from Wisconsin sent up to the Clerk's desk
and caused to be read.
Mr. ELDRIDGIi. What I desired to call the
attention of the gentleman to was not in regard
to his record since that time, for I believe I
admitted in putting the question that I had no
doubt of his attachment to the Government;
but i understood bim to say he would sit here
until he froze in his chair before he would vote
to modify that test oath.
Mr. FARQUHAIl. I call the gentleman to
order.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. What is the question of
order ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey makes the point of order that the dis-
cussion must be confined to the resolution
pending before the House, and the gentleman
from Wisconsin is clearly out of order.
Mr. ROSS. Cannot the gentleman from Ten-
nessee have an opportunity to explain in refer-
ence to his enlisting in the southern army?
Mr. SrOKES. I hope the House will in-
dulge me for one moment. This matter has
been drawn into this debate by the members
on the other side who now make the point of
order against mo. I thought I had a right to
make the proper explanation when, as I un-
derstood, the gentleman aslced me whether I
was satisfied with having taken the oath or not.
It is my desire the House shall know every-
thing. I want nothing concealed. I thought
it was the correct way to give my political rec-
ord, so that the House might judge whether I
ever did take the oath or not.
The SPEAKER. It was all perfectly in
order until the point was raised against the
gentleman. The gentleman from Tennessee
will now proceed with his remarks.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I appeal to the gentle-
man from Tennessee to yield to me for a mo-
ment.
Mr. STOKES. With much respect for the
gentleman - from Wisconsin, T - now decline to
yield the floor. He can take the floor when I
have concluded. .
Mr  Speaker, I desire to put myself right
before1 this House, for the rebel newspapers
'and journals have been publishing that letter
at least once in every two weeks. It is the
only thing they have to go on. It was printed
during the canvass and I met it there. I met
it before the loyal people of my own district.
I have met it everywhere in the West, and
everywhere I have been sustained by the peo-
ple. It is brought here'as the last chance, and
I think with a success as small as that which
it has received heretofore.
The SPEAKER. The Chair must remind
the gentleman from Tennessee [Mr. Stokes]
that under the point of order raised by the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Wright] his
remarks must be confined to the subject before
the House, which is the joint resolution from
the Senate.
Mr. STOKES. I presumed it was in order
for me to repeat what I have said, that I would
freeze to my seat before I would vote to repeal
or modify the test oath. I hope that is in
order.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. STOKES. I repeat it again, and I
swear before the eternal God, keep out whom
it may, I will never vote to repeal or to modify
that oath in any one particular.
It is not the man or his status and qualifica-
tions upon which we are called to pass judg-
ment. It is an invitation to us to change and
modify thetest oath, which is our guard and
protection in the South. Repeal that test oath
to-night, and it will not be long ere you will
hear the cry come up from the loyal men of
Tennessee, almost without a dissenting voice,
that Congress has taken from them their prop
and their support, and subjected them to the
mercy of the rebels and their sympathizers.
Sir, whom do you find opposed to this test oath?
Where do you find the opposition to it? Do
you find it in the truly Union papers? Can
any man upon this floor show me a solitary
Union paper in the country that advocates the
repeal of the test oath? No, sir. Then who
complains of it? It is this faction who are
opposing it, and they alono.
I feel that I am justified in voting against
this joint resolution. I do so from no ill-will
or ill-feeling toward the gentleman involved
here. But 1 do it in the honest discharge of
my duty to my constituents and to the loyal
men of the entire South. Duty compels me to
vote against it. In conclusion, let me appeal
to the Union men of this House, to the Union
party in this House, not to pass this joint res-
olution. You have the control of the Govern-
ment in your hands. In the name of the
Union, loyal people of the South, and particu-
larly of my own State, I ask you to keep this
test oath upon your statute-book as the flam-
ing sword to guard, shield, and protectthe loyal
men of the South. If you give way, if you
repeal or modify the test oath, you will strike
a blow at the Union men of the South from
which they cannot recover. They look to
you for protection and for aid. If you fail to
stand by them it will be your fault; if they
are compelled to yield to their enemies you
will be responsible to the Union party of the
South for the result. As has been already said
to-night, the Union men of Tennessee have
already suffered too much to be willing again
to be ruled, controlled, and tyrannized over by
the rebels and their sympathizers. For one, I
am for keeping the Government in the hands
of loyal men, of Union men.
Mr. Speaker, this is a subject of vast impor-
tance and magnitude. Let this House pass
this joint resolution and woe will come unto
the country.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I should
be recreant to candor were I to attempt to con-
ceal my amazement at the scene now passing
before us. Only eight short days ago and eleven
Slates were silent and absent here, because
they had participated in guilty rebellion, and
because they were not in fit condition to share
in the government and control of this country.
Seven short days ago we found one of these
States with loyalty so far retrieved, one State
so far void of present offenses, that the ban was
withdrawn from her and she again placed upon
-an equal footing with the most favored States
in the Union. The doors were instantly thrown
open to her Senators arid Representatives, the
whole case was disposed of, and the nation
approved the act. Tennessee was restored to
her birth-right,, her representatives were in-
vested with every immunity and privilege of
the representatives from New York or Penn-
sylvania, and on the same terms. Was not this
enough? No one asked for mcrre. Nothing
' further could be granted. Nothing further would
have been accepted could it have been offered.
Here the matter should have rested. Here it
should have been left forever undisturbed. But
no ; before one week has made its round we are
called upon to stultify ourselves, to wound the
interests of the nation, to surrender the posi-
tion held by the loyal people of the country
almost unanimously, and the exigency is that
a particular citizen' of Tennessee seeks to effect
his entrance to the Senate of the United States
without being qualified like every other man
who is permitted to enter there.
You, sir, who sit in the chair, and every
other member of this House, at the threshold
took an oath which every man must lake be-
fore he can cross that threshold. Why ? Be-
cause, the public good requires it; so it has been
inscribed on the statute-book. Yet in the fast
flying hours of the closing night of this eight
months' session, we are suddenly appealed to
to give up this safeguard, to cleave down this
statute, or to allow it to be trampled under
foot. And there seems danger that the appeal
may be listened to. How far have we drifted
from our moorings when this can be true?
We met here in December, divided by many
differences, but there was one ground common
to all. There was oneground upon which every
man in the nation, who pretended to be loyal,
asserted that he stood. What was this common
sentiment? It was that the Government must
bo preserved'from its admitted enemies ; that
the destinies of the nation should never be
yielded up to men whose hands and faces are
dripping with the blood of murder. Upon that
platform we all stood.
Some, not all, insisted upon indemnity for
the past; some, not all, insisted upon security
for the future ; but all insisted that the public
debt should be inviolate forever. And all pro-
tested that the power to legislate or to prevent
legislation should never be given to those who
would wring taxes from our people or take
money from the Treasury to pay the debts
contracted by rebels for the ruin of their coun-
try. All admitted that to insure these two
ends the seats in this House and in the Sen-
ate must be occupied only by those true to the
genius and faithful to the mission of this Gov-
ernment. I say wo differed as to the means, as
to the conditions, as to the safeguards which
were necessary. The great majority of men
deemed the "test oath" alone entirely inade-
quate. They said, "If you could always main-
tain and enforce the provision that no man
should sit in Congress who could not truly take
the oath, there would be some safety," but
they argued, that after southern representatives
had been admitted, theoathmight be repealed,
or that men might take it dishonestly and evade
it. The only question was whether the " test
oath'1 was enough—who dared to say it was too
much? Who ventured to argue that we should
be safe with less ? Who, I mean, that holds the
creed of the Union party ?
position held by the Union majorities in Con-
gress, has never in public utterance intimated
that we could safely remove this last impedi-
ment from the path of those seeking seats
here or in the Senate. On the contrary, the
President has relied on the "test oath" as
one of the corner-stones of his argument.
