1394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
free masonry. How significant is the humble
imitation of his nephew.
Now, sir, that brings me to this point in
regard to Ahese international exhibitions: U
has been most ably stated that those exhibitions
which excluded foreign nations were rather for
the gratification of national' pride:, while those
to which all the world was invited were for the
purpose of national improvement. The French
Emperor has enlisted himself in the matter,
and has invited the American Government to
participate. As I have said, I do not propose
to cavil at the form of the invitation ; but let
me say to the chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Affairs that in his zeal for our manu-
facturing interest h.e seems to have lost sight
of the great fundamental principle of our Gov-
ernment.
The recognition of the people of this Union
in the form of invitation, they being the sov-
ereign power, by the head of the French Gov-
ernment, would, it seems to me, have been at.
once courteous and consistent.
Sir, there is a broad and deep distinction which
the honorable gentleman never has forgotten,
though he may for the moment waive it, be-
tween the Governments of Europe and the Gov-
ernment of America; and that I may not be
misunderstood, and that the motives with which
I address the House may bo fully appreciated,
I would draw the honorable gentleman's atten-
tion to the admirable debate in the French
Legislative Chamber in which M. Thiers took
part. I do not know that it is our duty now or
at any time to make declarations of our pecu-
liar form of government, but I must make the
contrast between the language of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts, who acts with the
majority here as the representative of the sov-
ereign powgr of the people, so meek, feeble,
and melancholy, as compared with the high
position of the noble Thiers, fighting in a hope-
less minority against the great military despot-
ism of France. 1 allude to his address upon
the Emperor's speech, the speech of that Em-
peror of whom the gentleman from Massachu-
setts spoke in words of eulogy and in such
llattering terms. 1 would that the honorable
gentleman had said something of the French
people; .1 would that he had dwelt upon those
bonds of sympathy which exist, not from acci-
dent but from a deep-laid policy, between the
people of America and the people of France,
whether it be a Bourbon or a .Napoleon who
wields the destinies of that nation. Sir, in the
Legislative Chamber of Franco on the 20th ul-
timo, M. Thiers, the eminent French historian
and statesman, delivered a notable speech in
which he makes these most noteworthy obser-
vations in opposition to the Emperor of Franco.
lie said:
" Since l.Sj'i wo liavo lived in tho hope, founded on
what seemed to bo an assurance, that the concentra-
tion of power ill the hands of the Emperor would only
be temporary. Tho general feeling has been that as
soon as calm should retain the institutions which
tliu counlry had enjoyed at other timos would bo
restored, this expectation was founded on the con-
stitution itself, which can always be modified by the
initiative ol' tho Emperor, with the consent of the
Senate. It resulted trom the memorable declaration
of the Uth January, 1S52, that if liberty was not in
the toundations of the edifice it would one day beits
completion, and also from the decree of November
2}, which reestablished political discussion here.
Kneourajred by those acts and declarations, the nation
looks wUtliilly tor those institutions which tho wbote
civilized woihl acknowledges alone capable of assur-
ing liberty and security, and is naturally impatient
to.SCO t hem ro-tored, now that the Government itself
every year acknowledges that the calm has returned.
Hitheito the restoration of liberty was only a ques-
tion of time, notone of principle, whiehit nowseems
to havo become. La-t year, and as*:iin this, tile speech
from the throne represented those institutions as
calculated to weaken tho Government and replaee it
undci the joke oI the (,'hambeis. The question has
ever been linked, why resume on the morrow what
was rejected on the previous day? The Senate has
comufented on and developed tho view ot the matter,
and the Emperor replied. Why should tho legis-
lative body alone be mute? Why should it notre-
spectliilij, but irankly and calmly, assert the rights
ol trance? Is it ucro^sei v for thaf to fall back oil
those rights which the French Revolution declared
linpreseiiotiblc. as exivtiiijr before1 all constitutions,
without them, and, if necessary. in spite of them?
[Approbation on the Opposition benches,] No; it
will suffice to adhere to the existing vmtteii riehtsof
xrauec. J.he constitution of 1852plaees two rights in
presence, that of the dynasty atfd that of the nation.
The former is not open to discussion, nor does any one
wish for a moment to bring it into question. [Hear,
hear.] The sole end we pursue is the ree'stabiisn-
ment of liberty in France." .
Sir, I do not feel that it is a matter of much
importance whether the Government of France
issues this invitation or not in the manner it
has ; but I do demand that while we recognize
that "imperial master,"sittinguponhisthrone
by force of arms, we shall at the same time
recognize the industrial classes of France. As
the Representative ofa large mass of the indus-
trial classes of my city, I cannot allow this
measure to pass without a protest that no
notice'has been taken of the industrial classes
of Francein this joint resolution. Sucharecog-
niti'on would have been but a .fitting tribute to
those brave men who broke down the barriers
of feudalism in the streets of Paris, and whose
ingenuity and industry opened the locks of the
Bastile and liberated the victims of royal power.
Lspeak in sympathy with these men, and I be-
lieve the gentleman from Massachusetts shares
that sympathy with me. He would not desire,
I know, to let it go forth to France and to
Europe that the Congress of the United States
has ignored the laboring classes of France.
Now, sir, there is no more practical people
than the French, excitable as they are. The
gentleman is widely mistaken if he thinks that
the countrymen of Voltaire and Rochefoucauld
have forgotten the secret springs of human na-
ture or will fail to seethe motives of our action
in a clear light. If he so thinks, he is most lam-
entably mistaken. But we know that in the
heat of debate, in the pursuits of our objects
here, we sometimes use expressions which-are
not always coherent or consistent. When we
consider that this is an Industrial Exhibition in-
volving the labor and industry of the masses and
the ingenuity and enterprise of the whole peo-
ple of the whole world, it does seem to me
somewhat in the nature of bathos for the hon-
orable gentleman to have made allusion to what
he calls the "court of nations." Can it be
that American citizens who are generally called
abroad " blackguard bnllies" and '"ignorant
demagogues" are invited into royal presence
in the " court of nations?"
Sir, I do not wish to make verbal strictures,
nor will 1 belittle this question by going too
intimately into details. I wish simply to say
that the honorable gentleman's very severe prac-
tice at the court of King Cotton, in my opinion,
should have given him a more delicate appre-
ciation of tho peculiar habits and customs of
courts where silk and satin prevail, and whose
ideas upon the question of the centralization
of capital and power and of hereditary privi-
leges all combine to-shock the sensibilities of
the American people and keep us aloof, when
we. are not driven info actual contact, by the
strict etiquette of their system.
Sir, it seems to me that the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs has
shown too much, zeal on this occasion to have
us appear in this i: court of nations." There
is too little of republican- simplicity, too much
of the habits of " shoddy," too little of the ex-
ample of Benjamin Franklin. I do not believe
that the gentleman erred in this way intention-
ally, and the American people will pass it by
lightly.
But, sir, let us not deceive ourselves. The
object of this invitation to take part in this
scheme, controlled as it is by the Government
of France, was not to pay us a compliment. I
have a reasonable right to conclude so from
the manner of tho invitation and from the prac-
tical results of such exhibitions as this hereto-
fore. It is a moneyed speculation. It will
bring to the capital of France the millions of'
money that, will be spent there by those who
visit its various resorts of pleasure and marts
of trade. It will enable the French mechanics,
under the peculiar system of vigilance and re-
striction which, they know but we do not, to
examine at their leisure every article of Amer-
ican ingenuity. They are welcome to it; but
do not let us go there without a full knowledge
of our position and without bearing in mind^
I say this with great deference, for I do not
know what the opinions are of the distinguished
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
on the subject of free trade—that we become
the guests of the most restrictive of nations,
which by its treaties forces its products on :ts
allies. Let as not, then, be too zealous in
accepting this flattering invitation.
Now, sir, if there is one thing which the
French conceal with more adroitness than
another, it is the spirit of economy. "VYe know
that the cry which the great Napoleon raised
against England'was that it was "a nation of
shop-keepers." I hope the effect of this Indus-
trial Exhibition will be to make France a nation
of shop-keepers. 1 hope that its tendency will
be to lessen its martial pride and to develop
that individual industry for personal independ-
ence which will be a richerboon to that country
than all its boasted victories and its magnifi-
cent armies.
Sir, I have another objection to this joint
resolution—one which has been presented by
thegcntlemanfrom Illinois [Mr. Wasiiburke]—
and that is the ambiguity of the resolution. The
gentleman from. Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,3
in his speech covered with a flood of eloquence,
I will not say verbiage, but with a well-arranged
display of elocution, perhaps made up of rather
questionable facts and rather imaginative state-
ments, the main proposition, the question of
money. All the advantages which can accrue
from this Exhibition will accrue to those who
lake part in it. The advantage which a study
of the fruits of European ingenuity and industry
will give them will be all their own. Why not
allow them to pay for it? .And let me draw the
gentleman's attention to a manifest inconsist-
ency. He proposes now that a large appro-
priation shall be devoted to a specific purpose,
to transport across the ofcean the ingenious
devices and skillful fabrics of our people. But
a few weeks since a most fatal attack was made
upon the naval arm of our Government; and
then the gentleman joined with the gentleman
fromlllinois [Mr.washburne] in assailingthat
most important branch of our Government.
You see his zeal now in behalf of the " court
of nations!" When it was proposed to dis-
mantle the navy-yards of America the gentle-
man gave the proposition his voice and influ-
ence ; and yet it is not unlikely that it will be
by ships of the N avy that these ingenious devices
and beautiful fabrics will be transported across
the water. Could not the gentleman have been
consistent? Could he not have anticipated the
necessity of demanding this appropriation?
Let it be remembered, also, that under the
policy of the gentleman's party, the States
south of the Potomac arc to have no share in
the benefits of this appropriation. The prod-
ucts of the South find no place and no recog-
nition in this resolution. • Sir, this should not
be. The great occasion now offered to the
American people of appearing united in the
development of our national resources, and
achievement of our share in the work of univer-
sal civilization, should be taken advantage of
by this Government. The industry and inge-
nuity of this whole Union should be fully and
fairly represented to the European world at
this International Fair at Paris. It will be a
harbinger of our victory against all our foes, for
it will prove that we have conquered ourselves,
and are a nation at peace within itself.
I.hese are the objections which I have to urge
against this measure. Whether they will be fatal
to it or not, we cannot tell. Having stated
these objections, I stand here to-day as the
advocate of this scheme.
Now, how does this question interest the
American people? I have already alluded to
tne great characteristic of our industry, utility.
J. hat utility is the result of the necessities of
those who are the descendants of men whom
these Governments of Europe drove from their
shores. I want those descendants to go back
to Europe under the protection of the Govern-
ment founded by those who wore persecuted
and banished from Europe. As Franklin stood
before the eourt-of France, the proud repre- '
