4274
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that that body had
passed House joint resolution No. 197, author-
izing a contract with Miss Yinnie Ream for a
statue of Abraham Lincoln, without amend-
ment.
FENIANS.
Mr. DELANO. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to introduce the following reso-
lution :
Whereas this House has been informed that cer-
tain peaceable and law-abiding citizens, while as-
sembled at and within the building recently erectcd
in this city for the benefit of orphans of deceased sol-
diers and sailors of the United States, situate on the
corner of Seventh street and Pennsylvania avenue,
have been illegally and improperly dispersed by the
mayor of this city for the alleged reason that they
belonged to a Fenian organization, and thus pro-
vented trom exercising their rights and privileges as
citizens of the United States: Therefore,
Beit resolved by the Senate and lion se of Representa-
tives ofthe United States ofAmericainVonqress assembled,
That said citizens are hereby authorized, whenever
permitted so to do by the Speaker of this House or
the Presidont of the Senate, to use and to occupy
said building for the purpose of holding public meet-
ings lor etery proper and lawful purpose, and par-
ticularly in reference to the liberation of Ireland.
Mr. BANKS. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me.
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. BANKS. I know nothing of the cir-
cumstances to which the resolution refers. The
Senate and House appropriated this building
and the materials of which it is composed to
the lady managers of the late fair. Some gen-
tleman of the House having thought that it
might be occupied for purposes of a doubtful
character, and inasmuch as the resolution
passed by Congress require the lady managers
should use this building for purposes which in
their judgment should tend to the furtherance
of the main object of the association, that is
to say, for the benefit of the orphans of the
soldiers and sailors of the United States, I
say it was thought if used for political meetings
or for gift lotteries it might lead to the ques-
tion of the repeal of the resolution, and there-
fore it was suggested to the lady managers that
they ought to be careful not to grant the use
of the building except for the purpose men-
tioned in the resolution. It is quite possible
that the parties interfered with in the occupa-
tion of tlie hall were interfered with because
they had not the authority of the lady mana-
gers. I desire to say this much, although I
have no knowledge of the circumstances of
this particular ease.
Mr. DELANO. That all may be. This
resolution proposes no censure, but simply to
refer to the Speaker of the House and Presi-
dent of the Senate the power to grant the use
of this building l'or the purposes referred to in
the resolution on all suitable and proper occa-
sions. It seems to mo eminently proper the
resolution should pass, so that if persons desire
to hold a meeting there the Speaker of this
House or the President of the Senate, if it be
deemed proper, can give them the use of the
building for that purpose.
Mr. BANKS. There is no objection to that.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. Does not the resolution
in fact reflect upon the mayor? Is there any
charge against him ?
Mr. DELANO. I do not think there is any
improper reflection on the mayor, or any re-
flection at all.
Mr. SCHENCK. I would inquire if this
resolution is based upon what is understood to
be the facts, and whether my colleague is in-
formed as to that meeting being in any way
riotous or disorderly, so as to justify the pro-
ceeding against it.
Mr. DELANO. On the contrary, I under-
stand it was the reverse, that it was in every
■way quiet and orderly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Does my colleague un-
derstand on what pretense the mayor inter-
fered ?
Mr. DELANO. I do not know distinctly on
what pretense, whether it was for the reasons
^iven by the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Banks] or on account of objections to the
purpose of the meeting, but I wish to remove
all those reasons and confer upon the Speaker
of the House and President of the Senate power
to grant the use of the building on all proper
occasions.
Mr. WEIGHT. I rise to a question of order.
We have already parted with all control of the
property and given it to the managers of the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphan Home. We are
functus officio, the power has gone from us,
and any proposition of this kind would be
unjust to that institution—an imputation upon
their honor and integrity.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is a
speech to some extent. The Chair overrules
it on the ground that the House of Represent-
atives, the Senate concurring, has a right to
modify the grant it has made, and this is a
modification.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. BERGEN moved (at twelve o'clock)
that the House adjourn.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question was taken on the resolution ;
and it was agreed to.
Mr. DELANO moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
COLLECTORS OF CUSTOMS.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, from the
committee of conference in relation to the bill
to fix the compensation of certain collectors
of customs, submitted the following report:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on Senate bill No. 400, to fix
the compensation of eortain collectors of customs,
and lor other purposes, recommend that the Senate
recede from their disagreement to the amendments
of the House and agree to the same, with an amend-
ment, as follows:
Strike out, including the words inserted by the
House, all after tho words "deputy collcctor," in
line nine, page 2 of the bill, down to and including
the word "customs," in the fourteenth line, same
page, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
At the ports of New York, Boston, Philadelphia,
Baltimore, New Orleans, Portland, and San Fran-
cisco, and to caeh of the general appraisers of local
customs at Boston, Philadelphia,, Baltimore, New
Orleans. X)ortland, and San Franeiseo, $o,0ij() per an-
num. To each of the deputy naval officers and the
deputy surveyors at New York, Boston, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, New Orleans, Portland, and San
Francisco, $2,500; and to each of the custom-house
weighers at tho portsofNew York. Boston, Philadel-
phia, Baltimore, New Orleans, Portland, and San
Francisco, $2,000 per annum, out of the appropria-
tion for expenses of collecting the revenue from cus-
toms: Provided, That the additional compensation
of twenty-live per cent., as now provided by law,
shall bo continued to officers, as aforesaid, at the port
of San Francisco; and the House agree to the same.
E. D. MORGAN,
TIMOTHY 0. IIOAVE,
WILLIAM T. WTLLEY,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
SAMUEL HOOPER,
JOHN L. THOMAS,
GLENNI W. SCOFIELD,
Managers on the part of the House.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, moved to
reconsider the vote by whieli the report was
agreed to; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed t,o.
clerk to sergkant-at-arms.
Mr. ROLLINS, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, reported back the following resolution ;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the temporary clerk in tho office of
the Sergeant-at-Arms be placed upon the roll as a
regular clerk in that office at the compensation now
received.
Mr. ROLLINS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to ; and
also moved to lay the motion to reconsider on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOIIN RIDUWAY.
On motion of Mr. BOSS, by unanimous con-
sent, the Committee on Naval Affairs was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
memorial of John Ridgway, and the same was
laid on the table.
wyandotte indians.
Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to discharge the
Committee of the Whole from the further con-
sideration of Senate bill No. 353, for the relief
of the trustees and stewards of the Mission
church of the Wyandotte Indians.
Mr. BERGEN. I object.
Mr. PRICE. I move to suspend the rules
for the purpose of considering this bill.
The motion was agreed to ; two thirds voting
in the affirmative.
The bill was read. It refunds to the trustees
and stewards of the Wyandotte and Quindaro
Mission Methodist Episcopu.1 church, for the
destruction of their building, $4,G80, to be
applied to rebuilding the said building and
inclosing the grave-vard.
Mr. PRICE. I demand the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be read a
third time; and it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. PRICE moved to reconsider the vote by
which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider bo
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
itlgiits of the people in tiib district.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, offered the following resolution;
which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Retained, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to report, as soon as practicable, whether
the rights of the people peaceably to assemble and
consult lor their own good has been interfered with
in the city of Washington, and if so, by whom, and
what legislation is necessary to protect the people in
the enjoyment of all thcir rights, including the right
to discuss the condition of Ireland and the duties of
American citizens in relation thereto.
cleiuc of tii13 supreme court.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I ask leave to re-
port from the Committee on the Judiciary
Senate bill No. 43, to prescribe the mode or
settling the accounts of the clerk of the su-
preme court of the District of Columbia.
No objection being made, the bill was taken
up and considered, ordered to be read a third
time, and was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay th«j motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
commutation OF drafted men.
Mr. SCHENCK. Yesterday there was a
report made by my colleague on the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs [Mr. Ancona] in rela-
tion to the repayment in certain cases of com-
mutation money to those from whom it had
been improperly taken. I am sure that the
House did not understand it when they made
objection which sent it to the Committee of
the Whole. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs investigated the matter thoroughly, cor-
responded with the War Department and had
the papers before them, and they found that
there were some few cases, not exceeding alto-
gether thirty or forty in the whole United States,
that came within the provisions of this bill, and
these were drafts that took place underthe same
form, but more than once within the year, and
yet commutation was paid. There are a dozen
cases or more, perhaps, in the district repre-
sented by the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Kooxtz.J There are more cases in two
or three districts in Pennsylvania than in all
the rest of the country, and it would not take
a large sum to pay back all this money admit-
ted to have been wrongfully paid over to tho
United Slates. I speak advisedly, for the com-
mittee had the facts all before them, with full
reports and explanations from the Provost Mar-
shal General's office. I move, therefore, to dis-
