330
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 19,
less doubt about the propriety of this appro-
priation than they now seem to have.
_ Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Chairman, !
rise pro forma to oppose the amendment, in
order that I may inquire of the gentleman from
New York, [ill-. Raymoxii,] or any other mem-
ber of the committee, why it is necessary^ now,
at the beginning of a very important session of
Congress, to establish the precedent of intro-
ducing into an appropriation bill an important
item of original legislation. 1 am afraid of the
precedent; and I want to inquire what makes
it improper or impracticable to introduce a sep-
arate bill to provide for this object.
Mr. STEVENS. This is not original legisla-
tion. It should properly be classed with ap-
propriations 1' for contingencies for carrying on
the several Departments of the Government;"
and in this view it is strictly within the rule.
Mr. ROLLINS. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means 
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has .been ex-
hausted on this amendment.
Mr. RAYMOND. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
The amendment of Mr. Wakhbuhne, of Illi-
nois, was adopted, there being, on a division-
ayes 67, noes 40.
president's message.
The CHAIRMAN. The House has ordered
thmt the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union shall now proceed to the consid-
eration of the President's annual message, on
which the gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
DetuIxc] is entitled to the floor.
reconstruction.
Mr. DEMINGr. Mr. Chairman, T propose to
submit some remarks to the committee perti-
nent to that paragraph of the President's mes-
sage wherein he wisely refers to the House
the question of the readmission of members
from the insurrectionary district, and I submit
them now because they will serve to vindicate
votes upon questions of this nature which we
have already passed upon when no opportunity
for explanation was afforded, and because, also,
they will vindicate the opinions which will guide
me .when similar cases shall hereafter be pre-
sented. 1 had hoped, in reply to the resolu-
tion offered by my colleague, [Mr. Brandkokk,]
that wo should have been furnished ere this
with copies of the laws and ordinances which
have recently been enacted by popular conven-
tions and provisional legislatures in the enemy's
country, that our judgments might have been
enlightened upon the important part of recon-
struction which has been graciously submitted
to the wisdom of Congress.
In Ihc absence, however, of such valuable aid,
I must govern myself by the principles which
have hitherto uniformly guided tho executive
department in administering the reclamations
of its sword, and by such sifted and uninflam-
matory facts as the powers that be, with a consid-
erate regard for the public health, permit to drib-
ble out from oflieial channels of intelligence.
If we had been engaged in a war with Eng-
land for the last four years, the legal edeet and
liabilities of such a conflict upon the two par-
ties would have been clear and unmistakable,
for the legal relations of two nations belligerent
to each other, as well as the legal relations of
their respective inhabitants, are as fully and
accurately defined by the law of nations as the
relations of landlord and tenant or grantor and
grantee are by the municipal law.
As respects the nations, a war instantly an-
nuls the most solemn compacts and treaties, and
destroys all the claims of one belligerent upon
another, except those which may be sanctioned
by a treaty of peace. As respects the citizens
of the two nations, it instantly converts all of
them into a state of enmity to each other in
utter contempt even of their own animus or
predilections; so that in the case supposed—a
war with England—Cobden, were he alive, and
John Bright and John Stuart Mill and Thomas
Hughes, however much they might oppose the
war. and however amicable they were to this
country, would be, in the eye of the law, our
enemies just as much as the cabinet ministers
who advised it, and the generals, admirals, sol-
diers, and sailors who were carrying it on. The
first blast of war would immediately render un-
lawful all intercourse, commercial or otherwise,
between the people of the two countries. Con-
tracts which were in existence at the commence-
ment. of the war would be suspended, and those
entered into during its continuance void. The
insurance of enemies' property, the drawing of
bills of exchange or purchase on the enemy's
country, the remission of bills or money to it
would be illegal and null. Existing partner-
ships between the citizens and subjects would be
dissolved, and all trade and intercourse, direct
or indirect, would be completely and absolutely
interdicted by the mere force and effect of the
war itself. All the property of the people of
the two countries on land and sea would be liable
to confiscation and capture, with certain qualifi-
cations as to property on land, and all debts
interchangeably due would be liable to forfeit-
ure at the discretion of the respective Govern-
ments. (Judge Nelson in Prize case, 2 Black.)
Now, there is one fact which, in all the fog and
bewilderment which surrounds present issues,
looms out in prominent and startling relief. We
have been for the last four years " in a state of
war;" not, it is true, against any foreign nation,
but against certain Stales which once owed alle-
giance to this Government and afterward con-
federated together for its destruction; and the
existence of this "state of war," with a full
knowledge of the legal meaning of that phrase,
and of the legal consequences which attach to
that state, has been repeatedly reeognized both
by the legitimate and revolutionary Govern-
ments, and by all then-departments ; by the two
Executives, in levying and marshaling armies,
and hurling them together with all the imple-
ments and agencies of destruction; by estab-
lishing a blockade and issuing letters of marque
by virtue, and by virtue only, of a cessation of
peaceful relations; by both Congresses in sol-
emn and deliberate enactment tantamount to
declarations of war, as by the act of the confed-
erate congress, at Montgomery, of May G, 1861,
entitled "An act recognizing a state of war,"
as by the act of this Congress of July 18, 1801,
generally known as the non-intercourse act:
recognized by the full play and operation, with
all their machinery for confiscation and forfeit-
ure, of the courts of prize, in abeyance during
peace and only liberated and set ill motion by
the inexorable necessities of war; recognized
by foreign nations, which have conceded full
belligerent rights to each party to the contest;
recognized, finally, by the highest arbiters of
conflict between the State and Eederal author-
ity known to fair system, the Supreme Court of
the United States, which, by the voice of ail its
judges, has unanimously declared that from the
loth day of July, 1861, ''a civil territorial war
has existed between the United States and the
confederate States." And this war, the same
august tribunal declares, commenced in no tu-
multuous and unorganized insurrection, but was
organized by body-polities calling themselves
States, claiming to be sovereign over all persons
and property within their respective limits, and
asserting a right to absolve their citizens from
their allegiance to the Federal Government.
As States they seized national forts, arsenals,
custom-houses, navy-yards, post offices within
their boundaries; as States they extinguished
every pharos upon their coasts ; as States thev
raised armies, levied taxes, loaned their credit,
and issued bonds for supporting the war; as
States they adopted a new constitution and eon-
federated together into a hostile government,
claiming to be sovereign and independent, and
waged, to sustain the claim and secure its recog-
nition by the world, a war so vast in its propor-
tions, so terrible in its destruction of life, so ap-
palling in its barbarities, so damnable in the
monstrous horrors which it conceived and exe-
cuted, that all the nations from '"China to Peru "
stand aghast, as crash after crash of such awful
thunder reaches their affrighted ears. Now,
how does this war. in such frightful terrors clad,
and so notorious, organized by States claiming
to be sovereign, and waged by those States uni-
ted into a government claiming to be independ-
ent, differ from a foreign war in the belliger-
ent rights which it bestows upon us and in the
legal consequences which it entails upon our
enemies? It differs but in one essential par-
ticular. A civil war, as absolutely as a war
inter gentes, confers upon the parties to it full
belligerent rights and the corresponding liabili-
ties of a perfect war.
Need I, to substantiate this position, appeal
to those great public jurists whose weighty
maxims are the imperial rescripts to the inter-
national code? Need I summon here Grotius,
himself a refugee from civil war, the founder of
these imperishable statutes, which, as by an ele-
mental force, hold warring nations from rushing
madly from their spheres into the chaos and
darkness of utter barbarism, to say—
"That a civil war between members of the same
society is a. mixed war, public on the side of the Gov-
ernment, but private on the part of the people resist-
ing authority ; yet such a war entitles both belligerent
parties to full belligerent rights?'*
Need I summon one to whom public law is
scarcely less indebted, but who wrote a century
later, that Vattel may reiterate with more pre-
cision that—
" A civil war breaks the bands of society and gov-
ernment, or at least suspends their force and effect:
it produces in the nation two independent parties, who
consider oach other as enemies, and acknowledge no
common judge. Those two parties, therefore, must
necessarily be considered as constituting, atleastfora
time, two distinct societies."
Need I appeal to Biquelme, who declares
that—
"When apartoftlieStato takes up armsagainstthe
Government, if it is sufficiently strong to resist its ac-
tion and to constitute two parties of equally balanced
forccs, the existence of civil war is thenceforward de-
termined. If the conspirators against the Government
have not the means of assuming this position, their
movement does not pass beyond arebellion. As true
civil war breaks tho bonds of socioty, by dividing it
in fact into two independent societies, it is for this
consideration that we treat of it in international law,
since each party forming as it were a separate nation,
both should be regarded as subject t.othelawsof war.
This subjection to the law of nations is the more ne-
cessary in civil wars, since these, by nourishing more
hatreds and resentments than foreign wars, require
more the corrective of the law of nations in order to
moderate their ravages."
Need I call upon Bello,who saj's:
"When a faction is formed in a State, which takes
up arms against the sovereign, in oider to wrest from
him the supreme power, or impose conditions nn him ;
or when a republic is divided into two parties which
mutually^ treat each other as enemies, this war is
caltcd a civil war, which means war between fellow-
citizens. Civil wars frequently commence by popular
tumults which in nowise concern foreign nations: but
when one faction or party obtains dominion over an
extensive territory, gives laws to it, establishes a gov-
ernment in it, administers justicc, and, m a word, ex-
ercises acts of sovereignty, it is a person in the law of
n a (ions; and tho foreign Powers which desire to main-
tain their neutrality ought to consider both as two
States, independent as respects one another and other
Stales, and who recognize no judge of their differ-
ences."
Or, ill order to define more precisely the great
and pervading change which has been produced
in the relation of the insurgent States and of
all their citizens to this Government by the war
which they have waged, need i quote the de-
cision of the Supreme Court in the memorable
prize cases, where, upon a point raised, it is
expressly affirmed that all within the hostile
territory "are public enemies and liable to be
treated as such;'' that the United States may
exercise full belligerent rights, and that to the
antagonist party all the legal liabilities and con-
sequences of war necessarily attach : the sole
element of distinction, according to the court,
between the legal effects of a civil war and the
legal effects of a foreign war, being, that in the
former the party claiming to be sovereign may
exercise full belligerent as well as sovereign
rights? Or need 1. finally, to corroborate this
position, cite the uniform action of the execu-
tive department, which, since hostilities com-
menced, has pursued the enemy with invasion,
blockades, armies, fleets, sequestration, con-
scription, military commission, courts-martial,
by virtue'of its claim to full belligerent rights ;
which has received from them flags of truce,
granted to them paroles, passports, and safe;
conducts, and negotiated terms for a general
surrender in deference to their possession of
