3314
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
way makes a large sum difference in the year's
result.
"Thus, on three thousand reapers,netting, in sale,
$160 each, the tax at six per cent, amounts to $28,800,
and is of itself a handsome profit.
" We are doing in our business, according to the
best of our judgment, with good facilities and rigid
economy, but unless the tax on sales be rebated in
our business we can have little hope for a profit this
year.
"As a class, the reaper men are enterprising and
liberal men: were so especially during the war, giv-
ing freely of time and money for the raising of men
and forwarding the interests of the Goverement. Do
not want to shrink from taxes, but like to, and will,
stand up to the rack as far as it is in their power to
do so, but if they cannot do "business and pay their
taxes at a profit they must stop paying taxes sooner
or later."
I will not read further from this letter; I
have read it in answer to the Senator from
Maine, who said that there was no complaint
from these manufacturers. I have another
letter from another portion of the State, three
hundred miles distant, also from manufactur-
ers, upon this same subject.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is complaining
of the six per cent, tax; is it not?
Mr. TRUMBULL. It was written after the
bill had passed the House, and it is in favor
of having them upon the free list. It contra-
dicts specifically the statement of the Senator
from Maine. The writer says that they ought
not to be taxed. I think the whole country is
interested in having these articles on the free
list. These are the particular articles in which
my State, perhaps, is more interested than any
other State in the Union, though I think the
whole Union is interested.
Now, in regard to the manufacture of sugar,
we are endeavoring to introduce into the West,
into Illinois, Iowa, Michigan, and these other
States, the culture of sorghum. We are rais-
ing a good deal of molasses in those States,
and making some sugar. It is with difficulty
that you can get a sorghum mill put up. The
production is in its infancy; and there is not
business enough to keep a mill employed all
the time. It wants to be encouraged. It is
very desirable to have these mills erected
wherever we can ; and it is the last article that
should be taken out of the free list and upon
which a tax should be imposed at the present
time. I trust that the Senate will not agree to
this amendment of the committee, but that we
shall suffer the bill, in this respect, to remain
as it came to us from the House of Represent-
atives.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to the amendment of the committee.
Sir. IIOWE. I shall vote for the amend-
ment of the Senator from Indiana, and yet that
amendment of itself will not help the interest
that lie and I both desire to aid. It will re-
quire another amendment, I suppose. I be-
lieve by the bill as it stands the cffiset of strik-
ing out the word "sorghum" here would be
to subject this kind of machinery to the tax
imposed on other manufactures. I shall vote
for the amendment, however, with the expec-
tation that those articles will be transferred to
the free list. 1 think it very essential that if
any kind of manufacture should be protected
that of these machines should. It is true, as
tho Senator from Indiana has remarked, that
this product is in its infancy, is now on the
footing of an experiment. It is very desirable
to everybody in the United States that it should
be made a success, if possible, and I believe it
is the invariable policy of the United States to
protect these enterprises which promise suc-
cess, but which need aid in their infancy to
insure that success. I see here that wine made
from grapes is placed upon the free list. I
suppose it is upon the idea that it is of general
and national interest to protect that product
for the present while we are experimenting
with it. .
Mn CONNT3SS. It is an agricultural crop,
and all aotricultural crops are exempt.
Mr. HOWE. Wine is not exactly an agri-
cultural crop; I suppose grapes are, however.
I think molasses is quite as essential as wine,
though I do not object to either; they are both
good in their place. But if we can raise our
own molasses, I think we shall do quite as much
for the public good as by raising our own wine;
and if wine should be protected, I think the
manufacture of molasses or sugar from sorghum
should also be protected.
But I shall also vote against this whole
amendment as reported by the committee. I
dissent from the correctness of the statement
made by the Senator from Maine, that the agri-
cultural communities are especially protected
by this or by any former tax bill. If they have
received any such protection, I never have been
able to discover it, and I do not think they
have ever felt it. I do not know of anything
that you put a tax upon, that they do not buy;
and it is the almost inflexible rule, I believe
it is tho principle which guides all this taxa-
tion, that you will not put a tax on anything
that cannot be charged over to the consumer
and the purchaser. The very argument which
is used here for putting a tax on this kind of
machinery is that the manufacturers are pro-
tected by patents, so that they can inevitably
charge over whatever you assess on it to the
consumer. That is the rule, as 1 understand,
which governs all this taxation. You tax noth-
ing that the farmer does not buy. True, the
manufacturer advances tho tax to the Govern-
ment, but he gets, in consideration of that ad-
vance, a sort of roving commission by which
he is authorized to levy it back again on the
community, with just such commissions as the
market will enable him to charge for making
the advance, and he does it. This manufac-
turing, I know, is generally in the eastern sec-
tions of the Unio'n ; but the West does its own
share of the wearing out, the purchasing, the
consuming. 1 have heard it said before that
all these tax bills were peculiarly lenient upon
the farmers. I have had occasion to deny it
before, and I feel bound to deny it as often as
I hear the statement. Yon tax their incomes,
if they have any, just as you tax other incomes,
and to precisely the same amount, and you ex-
empt, 1 believe, precisely tho same amount.
You have done so heretofore. I have not
looked at this bill; but I suppose it is done
here. Wherever they buy an article that is
taxed, they pay the lax just as others do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I understand that if
the amendment of the committee should be
adopted, it will still be amendable; and as it
involves two votes, I will withdraw my amend-
ment, with the consent of the Senator from
Michigan who modified it, until we see what
shape the result of the vote on the committee's
amendment will leave this matter.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Indiana withdraws his amendment.
The question is on the amendment of the com-
mittee.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I desire to say just this :
tho class of machinery that is included within
this amendment can be used but a very short
time in tho year, say for one month, and for
the rest of tho year it lies idle. It is entirely
unlike machinery that is used in almost any
other pursuit in that regard. The machinery
that is found in manufacturing establishments
is used constantly; the investment is not dead
upon the hands of the purchaser for the greater
portion of the year, as it is upon this class of
machinery.
Mr. CHANDLER. I notice on the frcelist
a very large number of articles, and among
others, these identical reapers and mowers. I
find also ''anvils,1' "barrels and casks other
than those used for the reception of fluids; pack-
ing-boxes made of wood;" and also "plows,
cultivators, harrows, straw and hay cutters,
planters, seed-drills, horse-rakes, hand-rakes,
cotton-gins, grain-cradles, and winnowing-
mills." Then I find "reapers, mowers, thresh-
ing-machines, and separators, corn-shellers,
and wooden-ware," and also ''spokes, hubs,
bows and felloes; poles, shafts, and arms for
carriages or wagons;" "wooden lauks," "ships'
masts," and so on through the list, including
the very items that are here taxed. I should
like to ask the Senator from Maine why these
other articles will not as well bear a tax as
mowers and reapers.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
can inform himself on that subject. The Sen-
ator is mistaken in regard to the whole of those
matters. He does not notice the brackets
around the words that strike them out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I know they are stricken
out here. They were introduced into the free
list in the House, but it is proposed to strike
them out in the Senate. I notice that " fertil-
izers of all kinds" arc placed in the free list,
as the bill now stands. Why were not fertil-
izers stricken out? Itistrue that we do not use
them in the Northwest, but in Now England
they do use them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That exception was
made expressly for the agricultural interests
of the country.
Mr. CHANDLER. I notice a long free list
here. I was looking over tho list carefully the
other day. I believe sewing-machines are
placed on the free list. If reapers, mowers,
threshing-machines, separators, and corn-shell-
ers can pay a tax, I am very certain sewing-
machines and ships' masts can.
Mr. SHERMAN. Sewing-machines are not
on the free list.
Mr. CHANDLER. I maybe mistaken about
them ; but I have read sufficient to show that
there is here made a distinction without a dif-
ference, and a distinction made against the
Northwest. I do not suppose there is a thresh-
ing-machine in all New England.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is about as cor-
rect as most of what the Senator has said.
Mr. CHANDLER. I go there every year,
and I never saw a thrcshing-inaehine in New
England in my life. I will guaranty that there
are not twenty in tho whole of the New Eng-
land States. I never saw one. They thresh
with the flail, as they did forty years ago, and
it does not take long to thresh out what they
raise, with that. [Laughter.] But with us
there is not a town without a goodly number
of threshing-machines, and they are kept in
constant use. I hope that these articles will
bo put back on the free list where the House
placed them, and where they belong.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator seems to
think that what he has seen ho knows all about,
and what ho has not seen does not exist in the
world. There are some things that he has
seen.
Mr. CHANDLER. I never saw a threshing-
machine in New England.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There are a few things
he has not seen in the country, I presume.
This, I believe, was about the only thing that
wo changed here. I stated the reason for it.
I believe, if I am not mistaken, that it was
done by the unanimous consent of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. There was one excep-
tion. I did not support it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I thought the Senator
voted for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; T did not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it would have
been surprising if tho Senator had clone so
under the circumstances, he being a western
man.
Now, with reference to the motion made by
tho Senator from Indiana, as T presume it will
cotno up again, I propose simply to say a word.
We really had some doubt whether tho cultiva-
tion of sorghum and imphee had not reached
such a point that there ought, to be a tax levied
upon the machinery used in that production as
well as upon other things. The article itself
is protected from the fact that all other sugars
pay a heavy import duty; and whether this
machinery could not pay a slight duty was a
question. Wo could see no reason, the manu-
facture having advanced so far as it has, having
been so much enlarged as it has, why the ma-
chinery for the manufacture should not be taxed
just like the machinery for the manufacture of
anything else. They put up their mills and
they have machinery. Where the thing itself
is protected by a heavy discriminating duty in
