1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1396
sentative of this then humble Republic, so now
I would have the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Basks,] with the simplicity
ot his great prototype, represent this Republic
now in its vigor and strength in the court of
nations. That would be a triumph greater and
more noble than any victory of arms.
We are a democratic people, and ''peace'"
is emblazoned upon our institutions. Our his-
tory fully illustrates that '' peace has her victo-
ries as well as war.'' Peace is the corner-stone
of all true industry, and by individual industry,
by toil of brain and toil of hands, this nation
lives, recognizing 110 idle class of careless
nobles. Still, when necessary we have proved
that we can become a warlike nation, to pun-
ish insult, oppression, or wrong. Sir, we are
proud of the friendship of La Payette, who gave
his youth to our aid, and fought beside our own
great exemplar, "the illustrious Washington.
We are proud of the French blood which was
shed upon the sea and upon the land by dis-
tinguished sons of France in our cause, thereby
establishing this Republic and affording a home
and a refuge for the humble descendants of the
Huguenots who are scattered all over this land,
and I would have them, perhaps in the form of
the distinguished gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wasiiburxe,] revisit the land where under the
Bourbons whom the gentleman so much ad-
mires their fathers were at one time protected,
and at another time persecuted and banished.
Sir, I am always ready and willing to extend
courtesies to France, and I hail with pleasure
this opportunity of accepting the hospitality of
her Government. I do not wish that we shall
stand back and remain at home from prejudice
to the existing institutions of France.
The invitation of Napoleon as the head of
the French people, the ancient allies of the
American people, couched in whatever lan-
guage it may be, cannot seriously offend us so
as to disturb the sympathy between the two
nations. Why, even should that astute poli-
tician, that shrewd leader, seek to give us of-
fense, we can outlive and live down his in-
civility. Before this Exhibition takes place
he may again be a refugee upon our shores as
he was once before, and his great uncle once
iu vain hoped to be. The Emperor Napoleon
brought face to face with the American people
through their delegates to this Exposition
would present a contrast which our people
would be sure to appreciate. I would have
our people go there trom the remotest corners
of our land ; those who have been educated
from the old horn-books of English prejudice,
and imagine there is no language but their
own. In the spirit of universal amelioration
of the race which holds dominion in this land,
1 would have our educated men, our scientific
men, and men of every class go over there and
mingle in society with the skillful -workmen,
the scientific men. and the deeply learned men
of other lands, and thus bring homo with them
a knowledge of what is best abroad, and a
greater contentment with what they have at
home that is free.
And I would have this done in a spirit of pro-
moting immigration. And I must once more
allude to the remarks of the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] in^ regard to the
peculiar way of inducing immigration which
was adopted by him. Misled by a statement
of the honorable gentleman who now repre-
sents us at Belgium, the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, 1 think, lias been guilty of a slight
confusion of ideas. I do not think he has fully
Stated the ease. I have here a book which I
think will corroborate to a certain extent, but
more fully exemplify, what he said with regard
to the wonderful region of the diamond mount-
ains of Virginia. Every one in the House
apparently listened with astonishment and very
n-reat interest to the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts when he introduced the subject of the
diamond mountains ot V irginia. It reminded
me, sir, of what I somewhere had read on the
subject of diamond mountains, and 111 search-
ing through this volume I lound a tull_ state-
ment of that matter, and I wish to read it here
to aid in clearing up the confusion of ideas
which it is barely possible the statements of
the distinguished gentleman may create in some
minds as to where these diamond mountains
are and who discovered them.
The author of the book I now hold in my hand
was 110 less a person than the celebrated and
learned Haroun al Raschid, who wrote many
hundred years ago the adventures of that won-
derful and renowned traveler, Sindbad the
Sailor. I refer more particularly to that part
descriptive of the t hrilling adventure by \fhich
Sindbad. through the agency of a large bird,
was enabled to examine and describe the riches
of the Diamond mountains. And 1 think in
that 1 can trace a connection between Haroun
al liaschid and the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts iu the exercise of that, brilliant imagi-
nation which tliev appear to possess in com-
mon. That which 1 now propose to read will
enable the public the more lull}' to appreciate
the ability of the gentleman when he undertook
to depict to the emigrant ill Europe the won-
derful riches of this country:
4'The place whore itltheroc] left me was a very
deep valley, encompassed on all sides with mount-
ains, so high that they seemed to reach above the
clouds, and so full of steep rocks that there was no
possibility of getting out of the valley. This was a
new perplexity; so that when I compared this place
with the desert island from which the roc had brought
me, 1 found that I had gained nothing by the change.
As I walked through the valley I perceived it was
strown with diamonds, some of which were of sur-
prising bigness. I took a great plea.-ureto look upon
them."
By the way, sir, this extraordinary mount-
ain must, have been the secret cause of the late
civil war. The whole people wore after the
diamonds in Virginia.
But, sir, there is another point in connection
with this highly imaginative description ; and
it is most remarkable iu connection with ihe
petroleum wells which the honorable gentle-
man from Massachusetts adroitly advertises
in his remarks. Sindbad tells the same story
in other words:
"What is most remarkable in this place is that tho
stones of the mountains are of crystals, rubies, and
other precious stones. Here is also a sort ot fountain
of pitch or bitumen that runs into ttie sea."
Now, sir, I do hope that when the honora-
ble gentleman sends to Europe the translation
of his speech in French, German, and other
languages, he will not forget to add this new
incentive to American immigration.
Sir. it has been the proud boast of Virginia
that her sons, like ihe Gracchi, were her jew-
els; and I think that it becomes us, in this
hour of the iiepublic, to better sustain our dig-
nity than by circulating stories which emanate
from tho countrymen ol Baron Munchausen—
incidents connected in no way with the devel-
opment of our resources, and beneath the dig-
nity of the subject.
But, sir, apart from this manner of stating
the question, I am with the honorable gentle-
man in his effort to advance immigration. I
believe it should be our grand object, imitating
in some degree the crusades of old. to open up
those regions heretofore almost unknown to
and neglected by the white labor of the coun-
try on account, of a prejudice which, however
we may all deplore, we must reasonably admit
did and does exist. I trust, sir, that notwith-
standing tho objections which have been stated
this enterprise will go on. But, sir, while we
are making appropriations of this kind, I think
it, should be the subject of our earliest effort
to take care of the Navy and its officers, to
equalize the pay of the two branches of^ the
service, so that a post captain in the Navy
will al least receive equal pay with his equal
' in rank in the Army. To-day. sir, owing to
the spirit of contemptible economy which seeks
upon this fioor to defeat every measure which
is not of such stupendous magnitude as to over-
come the timid mind which usually opposes all
small matters, the officers of our Navy receive
no adequate compensation. By this spirit, I
will not say of sectional prejudice, but of nar-
row-minded economy under the plea of the
embarrassed condition of the country, the ap-
propriations for our navy-yards at the South
have been stricken out from the bill which
should contain them.
Now, sir, I am willing to sustain this Admin-
istration in its effort to run the race of enter-
prise with the nations of the world. I am willing
to give my vote for any appropriation which
shall be necessary to pnt the American people
on a footing with the proudest nation of the
earth. But I trust, sir, that this spirit of half-
way economy which neglects important homo
interests will cease to manifest itself here.
I hope, sir, that while we are voting salaries
to those who are to bo connected with the man-
agement of this Exposition at Paris, we shall
exhibit ,1 proper care for our Navy and Army
officers at home.
In introducing this subject at the present time,
I may perhaps be departing-somewhat from tho
question before the House; but, "sir, the subject
was thrust upon my notice while 1 was on my
way to the Capitol to-day, and I could not re-
frain from embracing this opportunity to bring
it to the attention of the House.
Sir, if we are to be represented in the courts
of Europe we should not go there with niggard
hands. Let. not tho people of Europe turn
upon you and say with derision, " How goes it
with your officers at home?" I trust, sir, that
the American Congress will not despise the just
plea of the American officers of both branches
of the service, especially of the Navy, for they
are most meagerlv paid.
Sir, let me close by appealing, as one of the
minority here, that the American Congress shall
extend to that brave minority in France a. true
and deep sympathy in their struggle for popu-
lar liberty, constitutional right, and national
independence. Let me quote again from the
language of that great model of modern states-
men who, speakingso well of America, deserves
to be spoken of here by us:
''""Whi'di r: re the free nations? "Which are those not
free? We need not say. "Wo must pain no one. Of
the former, two may bo mentioned as incontestable
free,a.monarchyanda republic: England and Amer-
W-u. Yet 111 each of those countries there exist things
which do not belong to liberty. Thus in America the
protection of thelaw is often insufficient, but in spit®
ol that, Ameiiea is free because nothing is dono but
what the,nation desire?. In England how many things
M">m opposed to liberty? Primogeniture, perpetual
entail, and an intolerant, national chuich exist, and
yet England is free. And what groati! ess and dovoted-
ness to her can«e. When all the Powers of Europe
bowed before tho modern giant. Kngland alone re-
sisted, because the nation determined and acted for
itself in everything that, was accomplished. Yes,
gentlemen, whether a republic or a monarchy, a na-
tion is free when it has the institutions 1 have already
enumerated. Nations may be mistaken, but they err
less than a man. The latter commits faults because,
not being obliged to deliberate, he is hurried away
by his passions. If he holds in his hands the destinies
of a great nation he may plunge it in misfortunes.
A free nation deliberates, tlineurses both sides ol a
question, and ha- the guarantee of reason against er-
ror. Thus, the real definition of a free nation is a
being which is obliged to rellect before acting."
Asa member of the Democratic parly of this
country, which through all the confusion and
carnage of tho late civil war has manfully op-
posed'the bold encroachments of an overwhelm-
ing majority and withstood the oppression of
central' power through good report and evil
report, 1 hail with profound interest the token
of an independent spirit and wise statesman-
ship, displayed in the speech of the great French
Opposition leader. To meet and extend the
hand of fellowship to such heroic Frenchmen
will be the noblest and most agreeable part of
the duties of our representatives to the great
World's Fair. And such sentiments as are
uttered in the remarks I have just quoted have
done much to reconcile me to vote for the ap-
propriation, whereby we might accept the invi-
tation of tho Government in which such men,
though numerically few, intellectually act a«
controlling part, and point to a glorious devel-
opment of constitutional liberty for our ailieSj
the French people. .
Mr GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, my apol-
ogy for asking the attention of the committee
for a few moments is, that the Committee oa
Agriculture, of which I am a member, have
passed a resolution to* the effect that they desire
the agricultural interest of the cmuitry shall be
