1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8815
its favor, and has increased and enlarged itself
so much through all the section of the country
where it js raised, it seemed to us to be enough
protection without making any exception in
favor of the machinery of the mills that were
used to manufacture it. That was the simple
reason upon which we acted with reference to"
that matter, and the reason holds good in my
mind now.
I stated before the argument, as I understood
it, in favor of taxing reapers and mowers. If
the Senate is of a different opinion, I shall be
entirely content with that opinion when ex-
pressed ; but I really cannot see why articles
of this description, manufactures so very large
and so very extensive used for the production,
to be sure, of the necessaries of life in one
particular, and perhaps those things that are
most necessary to the support of life, should
not be taxed moderately compared with other
articles of the same description, especially
when, as a general rule, they are in the hands
of large establishments. I believe it is a very
notorious fact that proprietors of the patents
for these machines all get very rich.
Mi. GRIMES. Oh, 110; nothim; of the sort.
Mr. FESSENDEN. With those J have
known it has been so ; and I have known
several. Some of them do at any rate.
Onewordmore, sir. 1 shouldrcallylikctoun-
derstand which is the right side of the argument
against this amendment. One Senator from
the We^t*—the Senator from Iowa [Mr. Kjuic-
wood]—rises here and deliberately informs us
that this tax has added one half to the price
of this machinery, and that these men in sell-
ing the machinery make the tax an excuse for
raising the piicc. The Senator from Illinois
rises and reads a letter from a manufacturer in
which he says that iliey cannot and do not add
the tax to the price, and gives that as a reason
why we should exempt the manufacturer.
Mr. TiUTMBlTLL. lie says some tried it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. He says they do not
do it.
Mr. TUUMBUIjL. ITe says lie does not do
it, but some tiied it and failed.
Mr. FESSENHEN. Somctiied itand failed,
and thei cfore he could not, and he lays it down
that it cannot be done j it is not added. Now,
where does the rule apply in this matter? The
argument seems to be double, but directly run-
ning one. point against the other. The only
trouble that I have about the matter is, that it is
an important item with reference lo the revenue.
It raises some six or seven hundred thousand
dollars; I do not know exactly the amount;
but 1 was ±0 informed. That being the case,
and the tax being reduced one half, from six
per cent, to three per cent., was satisfactory, 1
repeat, to those who represented this interest;
and the movement to place these articles on tlie
free list was made in the House, and not by the
committee who made the examination, but con-
trary to the protest of the committee as to the
necessity of the case. The Senate understand
it perfectly, I suppose; the whole argument is
before them; and they will undoubtedly do as
they please.
Mr. "WILLIAMS. I wish to say one word
in explanation of my vote. I shall vote for this
amendment as it was reported by the commit-
tee, notwithstanding I recognize the force of
some ol' the arguments that have been offered
against the amendment—arguments derived
from other portions of the free list. I am not
certain but that an argument could be made
upon this free list to prove that everything that
is used or consumed in the country should
be exempted from taxation. I am opposed
to the extension of the free list, and I am
ready to vote to reduce it. I believe it is bad
policy to make this large free list, because
it is impossible to do it without more or
less discrimination for or against some partic-
ular class of persons, or some particular kind
of business ; and so long as it is necessary to
maintain this system of taxation, it seems to
me it ought lo be made as equal in its opera-
tions as possible on all classes of the commu-
nity and all kinds of business. I suppose that
the object of this free list is chiefly to exempt
those kinds of business that are in their in-
fancy, that are experiments at this time, the
success of which is somewhat doubtful. To
that extent \ would be willing to go with a free
list: but 1 do not concur in the ideathat ships
and all sorts of things that arc included in the
free list ought to be exempted. I am in favor
of reducing, lather than extending, the free
list, and therefore I vote for this amendment,
and will vote for other amendments of a similar
nature if I have an opportunity to do so.
ThePRESIDING OKhMCER. The question
is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance, 011 which the yeas and nays have been
ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 17 ; as follows;
YEAS —Messrs. Clark. Connoss, Cowan, Davis,
Fessendcn, (Tiithrio, Henderson, Morgan, Van Win-
kle, and Williams—10.
NAYS—Me-sr<. J>iown, Chandler, Grimes, Harris
Hendricks, Howard, llowe, Kirkwood, Lane of Indi-
ana, Poland. Ponierov.^Sheiman, Sprague, fttewait,
Trumbull, Wade, and Yates—17.
A1>SKNT — Mews. Anthonv, Rncknlew, Cragin,
Creswell, Dixon, Doolittle, Kdmunds Foster, John-
son, Laaie ot Kaunas, MoDougall, Mori ill, Nesmith,
Norton, ltamsev. Kiddle, Salisbury, Sunnier,
Willey, Wilson, and Wright—-2.
So the amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
Ou scales, pump*, garden engines, hydraulic rams,
a tax of three per cent, ad valorem.
The Committee on Finance proposed to amend
this clause by inserting the word "and" after
'•engines.''
The PRESIDI NG OFFICER. The altera-
tion will be made.
The Secretary read the following items, to
which no amendment was proposed, namely:
On tin-ware of all descriptions, not otherwise pro-
vided lor, a, tax ot li\e per cent./e/ valorem: J'ro-
vi'l"4. That in all ease-* m whit h such ware shall be
delivered ton gents or peddleis employed bv the man-
ufacturer tor the disposal of the same, such ware so
deln ei ed shall be deemed to have been sold at the
time oi'delivery, and the tax 10 be paid thereon .shall
becomputed upon the value known to the trade as the
live-pound rate or pi ice lor tin-ware.
On all iron, not otherwise provided for, adva.nccd
beyond muck-bar, blooms, slabs, or loops, and not
advanced beyond bars, and band, hoop, and sheet
11011, not llminei than number eighteen wire-g;tug<5f
and plate iron no! lo-,-: than one eiylith oi an inch in
thickness a tax of three dollars per ton: fJrontdcd,
That a ton shall, loi all the purposes oi this act, be
deemed and taken to be two tliou-aml pounds.
On band, hoop, and sheet iron, thinner than num-
ber eighteen wne-gau'-re, plate iron less than ono
eighth of an inch in thickness, and cut nails and
spikes, not including nails, tacks hi ads, or finishing
nails, usually pat up and sold m papers, whether in
papers or otherwise, a tax oi live dollars perton:
Pt ovidtd, That rods, bands, hoops, sheets, plates
spikes, and nails, not including such as areusuallv
put up m papeis a* before mentioned,manufactured
fiomnon upon which the tax ot three doliais has
been levied and p:nd, shall be subject only to a tax
of two dollars per ton in addition t hereto, anything
m 11ns act to the contrary notwithstanding.
Onstoves and hollow wave, in all conditions,
whether rough, tinned, or enameled, and casting
of iron, not otherwise piowded ioi, a tax oi three
dollais per ton.
On tubes nia.de of wrought iron, a tax of five dol-
lars per ton.
On steam, locomotive, and marine engine, includ-
ing the boiler.-, and on railroad car-*, a t ax oi live per
cent, ad valorem : /}ror,tdn!, That when the boilers,
tubes, wheels, tire, axles, bells, shafts cranks, wnsts,
or head-lights of such engines, or car.^, shall have
been once a-messed, and a t ax pi eviou-dy paid! hereon,
the amount so paid shall be deducted fi0111 the taxes
on the Implied engine or cars.
On boilers of all kinds, water tank", sugai tanks,
oil stills, sewing-ma chines, lathes, tools, planes plan-
nig-machincs, shutting and gearing, atax of live per
cent. 1 id valorem.
On railinu>, gates foner s. furniture, and -tatuary
made of iron, a 1 ax of live per cent. <td valort >n.
On copper and brass tubes, nails, or nvets sheet
lead, and lead pipes and shot, a tax of live per cent.
ad valorem.
On gout, calf, kid, sheep, horse, hog, and dog akin?,
tanned or dressed in the lough, a tax oi iivepercent.
ad valorem.
On goat, calf, kid, cheep, horse, hog, and dog skins,
curried or finished, a fax of live percent, ad valorem :
Provided, Th.it all goat, calf, kid, ^heep, hoi-=e, hog,
and dog skin< upon which duties or ta.xe^ have been
actual I v paid, .-hall be a-'-e—ed on the iuci cased value
only when eumed 01 luii-lied.
The next item was read, as follows :
On patent, enameled, ami japanned leather and
skins oi uvpn d"S'-iin;ion, a rax of iiv* percent, ad
vulnrchi,• JJ,oiid-d, That when ;i t ix has been paid
011 the leather m the rough the duty or tax shall be
1 assessed and paid only on the mcieased value.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strike out the words " duty or" before41 tax,"
inline twenty-three hundred and ninety-three.
The amendment was agreed to.
The following items were read:
On oil-dressed leather a tax of five per cent, ad
valorem.
O11 leather of all descriptions, tanned or partially
tanned in the rough, a tax of live per cent, ad valo-
rem.
On leather of all descriptions, curried or finished,
a tax of five per cent, ad valorem: Provided, Tha"t all
leather in the rough upon which duties or taxes havo
been actually paid shall be assessed on the increased
value only when curried or finished.
No amendment was proposed to these items.
The next item was read, as follows:
On wine mado of grapes, further advanced than
juice ormust, a tax of five cents pergallon: Provided,
Thatgrapejuiccor must, when sold to vintners imme-
diately trom the vineyard, shall not be taxed.
The Committee on Finance reported an
amendment to strike out this item.
Tlie amendment was agreed to.
The next item was read, as follows :
On all liquors known or denominated as wine, not
made from grapes, currants, rhubarb, or berries, pro-
duced by bong rectified or mixed with other spirits,
or into which any matter whatever may be infused,
to be sold as wine, or by any other name, and not
otherwise provided for in this act, a tax of fifty cents
per gallon: Provided. That the return, assessment,
collection, and the time of collection of the duties on
such wines, and wine made of grapes, shall be subject
to the regulations of tho Commissioner of Fnternal
Revenue. And any peison who shall willingly and
knowingly sell or offer for sale any such wine made
after tho pa-'sage of this act, upon which the tax
herein imposed has not boon paid, or which has been
fraudulently evaded, shall, upon conviction thereof,
be subject to a line of 6-300 or to imprisonment not
exceeding two years, at tlie di-'erction of the court.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by striking out, in lino twenty-
four hundred and sixteen, the word " duties"
and inserting "taxes;" and in the same line,
after "such wines," to strike out "and wine
made of grapes so as to read :
That the return, assessment, collection, and tho
time of collection of the taxes on such wines, shall
be subject, to the regulations oi the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GIMMES. As we are in that clause, I
desire to move an amendment to it now. if
the chairman of the Committee on Finance lias
110 objection.
Mr. FERSENDEN, Very well.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend by striking
out the word "rhubarb," in line twenty-four
hundred and ten, so as to read, "wine, not
made from grapes, currants, or berries," &c.
Mr. SHERMAN". I hope that will not be
done. There is a very harmless liquid made
from rhubarb in the State of Ohio to a trifling
extent, and I do not see why the distinction
should be made against rhubarb wine. This
provision is to exempt domestic liquors and
wines made in the households of tanners and
people for their own use, from grapes, cur-
rants, rhubarb, or berries. J do not know
why the exemption should be made in favor
of wine or liquor made from grapes, currants,
or berries, and not in favor of that made from
rhubarb. In the country where I live this
domestic rhubarb wine has to some extent
superseded the currant wine, bat it is not
made an article of commerce to any consid-
erable extent.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator misapprehends
the condition of things. No man is compelled
to pay anything for tho manufacture of wine
unle^ he makes $(300 worth in a year. F ask
him if there is any farmer in Ohio who makes
£<>00 worth of rhubarb wine or currant wine
for his ov/11 use. I know, however, w hat does
exist, and what will continue under such n pro*
vision as this. Men have set out large gardens
and are making rhubarb wine, which they pass
otTon the world, alter having doctored it, as
thev term ir, as grape uine. as Catawba wine,
and it is deleterious to the health. U ioterleres
wilii the legitimate euh i\at ion of the grape,
and has a bad rfleet in every way. K<mee, I
propose to strike oui the woid "ihubarb" in
this clause.
Mr. .SHERMAN. You might as well for
