1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
belligerent rights; and which, since their mili-
tary power has been broken, has ruled them
by military governors, dictated conditions of
permanent peace, superseded laws and muni-
cipal elections, suspended Governors elected
by themselves, arrested the judgments of their
local courts, and administered their local affairs
in a thousand ways which would be utterly
without justification unless it was abundantly
justified by the laws of war, and without vin-
dication under the Constitution unless it was
abundantly vindicated by that construction of
it for which I am here contending?
Now, if I am right in the position which I
have assumed, that the " civil territorial war''
in which wc have been involved differs in none
of its legal effects (except in the particular which
I have indicated) from a foreign war, then we
are able to define with precise accuracy the
legal relation of the insurgent States and their
citizens to this Government since they first ap-
pealed to wager of battle.
Up to the time their military power was bro-
ken by the universal surrender of their armies
and the universal trailing of their unhonored
flag, the States were hostile States, and their cit-
izens '' public enemies,'' with belligerent rights
and belligerent rights only, entitled to claim no
benefit from laws or Constitution, whether that
Constitution be called a compact, a treaty, or
a covenant, or whether the parties to it were
States in their sovereign capacity, or the people
of the United States as individuals. And since
the surrender the legal relation both of the
States and individuals has been that of van-
quished enemies, with their lives, property, and
political system absolutely at the mercy of the
conqueror.
Having thus tried these States by the accred-
ited maxims of public law for the purpose of
ascertaining their precise legal relations to the
Government they have conspired to destroy, I
was intending here to apply to the insurgent
- eleven the touch-stone of the Constitution, and
see what powers it confers upon States as States,
what rights it secures to States as States, and
what duties and obligations it enjoins as essen-
tial, inevitable, and necessary equivalents upon
States as States, for the purpose of deducing
the comforting conclusion that a State under
the Constitution has no rights, and can exercise
no power, which discharges no duty and spurns
every obligation. Butthispropositionhas been
so ably discussed by the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. She lt.aharger] that I am willing to leave
the dogma, that organized rebellions are States,
just where he left it, sprawling and writhing un-
der the blows of such a battle-ax as Coeur de
Lion dropped on the head of the infidel.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question at this point?
Mr. DEMINU. I would inform the gentle-
man from Wisconsin that I have not so thor-
oughly got the hang of this school-house at pres-
ent that I can consent to interruptions. As I
am speaking without notes or brief, I tell him
liankly that I cannot have my concatenation
disturbed by interruptions. [Laughter.]
Although this is the theory which I have uni-
formly maintained here and elsewhere respect-
ing the nature of this rebellion, and although I
do not believe that these vanquished enemies
and "organized rebellions" have any reason
for claiming that mitigation of the extreme rights
of war which are accorded by modern usage to
those who think they are waging a just war, yet
I deprecate and most emphatically disclaim any
desire or purpose to apply to their case the siric-
tissirruim jus or rigid rule of international law.
But I do intend fairly, squarely, and firmly,
to plant myself, in deciding the momentous
issues before us. upon the milder interpretation
of the rights of conquest, conceded now by
every publicist and vindicated by all the wars
of history, that we have the right, as victors,
to impose any termsupon the vanquished which
are necessary for the future security of the lie-
public and for enforcing and redeeming all the
pledges of public faith which the Government
has given as the price of victory. I shall in-
sist that'"organized rebellions," called by court-
esy "States," shall not resume their former
rights without irreversible guarantees to na-
tional security and national honor. I'shall
insist that we have the right, both as victors on
the one hand and as legislators on the other, to
exclude them from the Congress of the United
States until the repetition of the secession
experiment is placed beyond a peradventure;
and no vote from any of these vanquished ene-
mies shall, by my consent, endanger the public
faith until that precious jewel is imbedded in
the imperishable buttresses of the Constitution.
I am now prepared to declare with precision,
but with brevity, what the national security and
the public faith, in my judgment, require as
conditions precedent to the readmission to the
public councils of " public enemies'' from States
who for more than four years have deliberately
divested themselves of every legal idea of a
State as defined by public law, and of all the
elements of a State which the Constitution of
the United States enjoins them to possess and
maintain.
It requires, first, that the Government shallbe
absolutely protected from a repetition of the
secession experiment by a provision in our or-
ganic law; sccond, that the freedman shall be
secured an absolute equality with the white man
before the civil and criminal law, and shall be
endowed with every political right necessary to
maintain that equality; third, that the public
creditor shall be protected, as completely as or-
ganic law can protcct him, from any repudiation
or scaling down of the public debt; fourth, that
the citizens, both of the rebel and loyal States,
shall be protected, as completely as organic law
can protect them, from any taxation, direct or
indirect, for the payment of the rebel debt; and
unless the equality of the freedman before both
civil and criminal law can be fortified by legis-
lation here, under the second clause of the
amendment to the Constitution, giving univer-
sal freedom to the slave, we shall require, fifth,
an amendment similar to that introduced by my
distinguished friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,]
" That Const-ess shall have power to make all laws
necessary and proper to securc to all persons in every
State equal protection in their rights of life, liberty,
and property."
Much more than this we might rightfully de-
mand ; much more than this we might reason-
ably claim; but not a jot less can we fail to secure
as conditions precedent to the readmission of
these "public enemies" to the public councils
without being guilty of treachery to the living,
to the dead, and to those who are yet to be.
Having thus defined the relation of these in-
surgent States to the Government according to
public law and according to the Constitution, I
wish to address myself for a moment to the
spirit, temper, animus of these "public ene-
mies'' at the present time, and to ask, what se-
curity have we that the indispensable prerequi-
sites of national safety and national faith which
I have enumerated would not be jeopardized by
the presence here of the Representatives of those
men, who, when the grass on these surrounding
hills, which is now but just withered, was but
just green, were pursuing us with the sword,
with the fire-brand, with pestilence, massacre,
and slow starvation, as on that wild and awful
night in the kalends of April—but I forbear;
the wedding follows so close upon the funeral
that
" The funeral baked meats
Might coldly furnish forth the marriage tables."
We are here, in the full gaze of the nation
and the civilized world, charged with the fu-
ture grandeur and renown of the Republic. We
are here fairly coining and molding the rising
eras and ages of a continent. We are here at-
tempting to .save an empire from being mortally
wounded by that ball which has hardly yet spent
its forcc, and which these new converts sped
at its head whenin their now regenerate bosoms
burned all the concentrated flames of hell. We
are here, having just rescued the Government
from death on the field of honor, attempting
to save it from the death of infamy which would
follow its perfidy to the freedman who fought
its battles and to the creditor who purchased its
bonds. And when here, under such oppressive
responsibilities to the present and the future,
to the living and the dead, we aslc, earnestly
ask, like tortured Ajax begging for tight, what
proof—strong, convincing, overwhelming, as
the enormous improbability of the supposition
requires—do you present that these red-handed
rebels can safely participate with us in. launch-
ing the now enfranchised Republic on its daz-
zling orbit of justice, probity, and freedom, .we
are forthwith answered by a flux of glittering
generalities, which are no more proofs of loy-
alty than the dogged submission of the assassin
Payne to his fate was proof of loyalty. " They
acceptthesituation;" sodidPayne. They"sub-
mit to necessity so did Payne. "The aspect
of affairs is more promising than could have
been expectedso it was in Payne's case—it
was supposed he would kick and bite the execu-
tioner. "An abiding faith is entertained that
their actions will conform to their professions
that must be a faith like Tertullian's, who said,
" Credo quia impossibile est"
I see by the northern papers that some rev-
erend gentlemen have been transcendently weak
enough to bless God "for having "converted
the southern heart to loyalty." If this be so,
St. Paul's conversion was rather a tame af-
fair. If' it be true that these fire-eating, blood-
thirsty southrons, whose untamed insubordina-
tion, whose furious and vindictive passions,were
the proverb and shame of our past, have been
suddenly born again, then has the day of Pen-
tecost met with an eclipse which amounts to a
total obscuration, and the epistles of Andrew
have worked a greater miracle than the preach-
ing of Peter.
Why, Mr. Chairman, we all know that hy-
pocrisy is not one of the vices of southern char-
acter. There is no loyalty there which would
support what I regard, or what the least exact-
ing Union man should regard, as indispensa-
ble to the present and future safety of this im-
periled nation. That most acute and patient
observer of the southern animus, General Carl
Schurz, commissioned by the President to ex-
amine this very question, in the condensed
essence and summing up of his most valuable
report says:
" The loyalty of the masses and most of the leaders
of the southern people, consists in submission to ne-
cessity. There is, except in individual instances, an
entire absence of that national spirit which forms the
basis of to ue loyalty and patriotism.
" The emancipation of the slaves is submitted to
only in so far as chattel slavery in the old form could
not be kept up. But although the freedman is no
longer considered the property of the individual mas-
ter, he is considered the slave of society, and all in-
dependent State legislation will share the tendency
to make him such. The ordinances abolishing sla-
very, passed by the conventions under the pressure
of circumstances, will not be looked upon as barring
the establishment of a new form of servitude."
This is the final exhibit of the keen observer
deputed by the President to examine upon the
spot the condition of the insurgent Slates.
Sir, their conversion consists in bowing their
still stubborn necks to a power which they could
no longer withstand, and the instrument of it
was thesword of Ulysses. Tlieirpenitence con-
sists m discovering that they have committed a
blunder.
When the Administration of Abraham Lin-
coln was inaugurated two alternatives were be-
fore them. They could have staid here, fight-
ing the Government from the inside as they had
done for the last thirty years, and while warmed
in its too gentle and forbearing bosom, marking
it for slaughter and measuring it for the grave.
They could have gone out and attempted an as-
sault upon it from the outside. They chose the
latter. They raised their bloody hands in re-
bellion j and had no sooner done so than they
found themselves confronted with the most puis-
sant military Power which the world has ever
seen when begirt for war, and when it had sum-
moned its children for battle.
They went down with their short-lived ban-
ner in the dust of humiliation and defeat. And
if there is any truth in this introversion into the
southern animus, which has been laid before
the country, they are, like a wily and discom-
fited enemy, watching the chance to steal back
