4276
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
rence, Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Myers,
No we 11, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Plants, Alexander
II. Rice, John H. Itioe, Rollins, Sawyer, Schcnck,
Scofield, Shellabar&,'er, Spalding, Stokes, John L.
Thomas, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Wel-
ker, Wentworth.Whaley, and Stephen F. Wilson—62.
STAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Baxter,
Bergen, Boutwell, Boyer, Broomall, Cook, Cooper,
Driggs, Eldridge Eliot, Finck, Garfield, Glossbrenner,
Abner C. Harding, Harris, Iligby, Hogan, Jenekes,
Johnson, Julian, Kelley, Le Blond. Leftwich, Loan,
Lynch, Marshall, Maynard, MeCullough, Morrill,
Niblack, Nicholson, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Price,
Radford, Hitter, Ross, Shanklin, Stevens, Strouse,
Taber, Nathaniel G. Taylor, Nelson Taylor, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Van Aernam, Williams, Winfield, and
Wright—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Buck-
land, Bundy, Chanlcr, Render W. Clarke, Conkling,
Culver, Barling, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, iDeming,
Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly, Goodyear, Grider,
Grinnell, Griswold, llale, Aaron Harding, Hender-
son, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard, Ed-
win N. Hubbell, Hulburd, Humphrey, J ones, Kasson,
Kelso, Kerr, Longyear, Marston, Marvin, MeClurg,
Melndoe, McK.ee, McRuer, Moulton, Noell, Pike,
Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall,
Raymond, Rogers, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr,
Stilwell, Thaver, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge, Up-
son, Ward, Warner, Eiihu B. Washburne, Ilenry D.
Washburn, William B. Washburn, -JamesF. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridge—72.
So the main question was ordered.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to state that
Mr. Trowbridge is compelled to be absent
from the Hall in the discharge of his duties
upon the Committee on Enrolled Bills.
The bill was then read a third time.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I call the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
Theprevious questionwas seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to lay the bill on
the table.
The motion to lay the bill on the table was
not agreed to.
The question recurred upon the passage of
the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Upon that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question w*as taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 02, nays 52, not voting
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Baker,
Banks, Barker, Benjamin, liidwell, Bingham, Brom-
woll, Cobb, Conkling, Cullom, Detrecs, Delano. Du-
mont, lvckley, Flggleston, Farnsworth, Farquhar,
Ferry, liart, Hayes Holmes, Hooper, Hofcliki-'S
Chester D. Hubbard, John 11. Hubbard. James B.
Hubbell, Ingersoll, Kctcham, Koontz, Kuykendall,
Latlm, Latham, George V. Lawrcncc, William Law-
rence, Merenr, Miller, Moorhead. Moms, Myers,
Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Plants, Alexander
II. Bice, John IT. Bice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scheuek,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stokes, John L.
Thomas, Burt Van Horn, KobertT. Van Horn, Wcl-
ker. Went,worth,'Wlialcy, and Stephen F.Wilson—52.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Aneona, Baxter,
Bergen, Boutwell, Boyer, Rroamnll, Cooper, Driggs,
Eldridge, Eliot, Finek, Garfield,Glossbrenner, Abner
C. Hording.Harris,Iligby, Iiogan, Jenekes, Johnson,
Julian, Kelley, Le Blond, Leftwich, Loan, Lynch,
Marshall, Maynard. MeCullough, Morrill, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Paine, Perham, Phelps, Price, lladford.
Bitter, Rof-*, Sliailklin, Stevens, Strouse, Taber, Na-
thaniel (4. Taylor, N el-'on Taylor, Thorn ton, Trimble,
Van Aernam, Williams, Winfield, and Wright—52.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Bcaimm, Blaine, Blow, Brandegee, Buck-
land, Bandy, Cbanler, Reader W. Clarke, Sidney
Clarke, Cook,Culver,Darlin-', Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
Doming, Denison, Dixon, Dodge, Donnelly,Goodyear,
Grider, Grinnell, Guswold, Hale, Aaron Harding,
Jtenderson, Hill, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demas Hub-
bard, EdwmN. Hubbell,Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones,
Kasson, Kelso, Kerr, Longyear, Marston, Marvin,
MeClurg, Mclndoe, MeKee.Mclluer. Moulton. Noell,
Piko, Pomeroy, Samuel J.Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Rogers, Sitgreaves, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Stihvell, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Trowbridge,
Upson, Ward. Warner, lilihu B. Washburne. Henry
D. Washburn, William B. Washburn, James F. Wil-
^ son, AYindom, and Woodbridgc—72.
So the bill was passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ward b. burnett.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the bill (S. No. 418) entitled " Ati act for
the relief of Ward B. Burnett;" which was
tead a first and second time.
The bill provides that there be paid to Ward
B. Burnett $540, being the balance of a pen-
sion to which he was entitled, at the rate of
fifteen dollars per month, from March 4, 1863,
to March 4, 18G6, and which was improperly
retained from him.
Mr. TAYLOR, of New York. I move that
this bill be referred to the Committee on In-
valid Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was referred; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be 1-aid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forkey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the bill (S. No. 400) to fix the com-
pensation of certain collectors of the customs,
arid for other purposes.
army 01' tun united states.
The next and last business on the Speaker's
table was a joint resolution (S. No. 142) re-
specting the Army of the United States; which
was read a first and second time.
The joint resolution was read at length. By
the first section it is provided that all laws and
parts of laws enacted since the 4th day of
July, 1861, increasing, reorganizing, or cre-
ating regiments, staff corps, or other organ-
izations of the regular Army, or in any way
affecting the number, rank, pay, or emolu-
ments of the general, field, staff, and line offi-
cers, and enlisted men of the same, be declared
to be in full force and effect, and so to remain
until otherwise provided by law.
The second section provides that there shall
bo added to the Army four regiments of cav-
alry, two of which shall be composed of colored
men, having the same organization as is now
provided by law for cavalry regiments, and the
original vacancies in the grades of first and
second lieutenant shall be filled by selection
from among the officers and soldiers of volun-
teers; and two thirds of the original vacancies
in each of the grades above that of first lieu-
tenant shall be filled by selection from among
the officers of volunteers ; and one third from
officers of the regular Army; all of whom shall
have served two years in the field during the
war, and have been distinguished for capacity
and good conduct. The President is author-
ized to enlist and employ in the Territories and
Indian country a force of Indians, not to ex-
ceed one thousand, to act, as scouts, who are to
receive the pay and allowances of cavalry sol-
diers, and to be discharged whenever the ne-
cessity for their further employment is abated,
or at the discretion of the department com-
manders.
The third section proposes to repeal the third
section of an act approved February 20, 1863,
authorizing the appointment of a solicitor to
the War Department. It also provides that the
Provost Marshal General's office and bureau
shall be continued only so long as the Secre-
tary of War shall deem necessary, not exceed-
ing thirty days after the passage of this resolu-
tion.
The fourth section provides that the third
section of an act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for the support of the Army for the
year ending 30th June, 1866," shall continuein
force forone year from the passage of thisjoint
resolution, provided that no officcr furnished
with quarters in kind shall be entitled to receive
the increased commutation of rations author-
ized by the resolution.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose to move that
this joint resolution be laid on the table. I will
merely state that it is the means adopted by
the Senate to get around refusing to agree to a
bill which would favor the volunteers. This
is designed to make provision for the gentle-
men already in office, and it affirms a vast
amount of legislation for their benefit. I do
not propose to discuss the matter at all. An-
other committee of conference has been ap-
pointed, and, I understand, has agreed upon
an Army bill. _ This is to avoid the enactment
of an Army bill, which, I think, the Senate
really does not want, unless it happen to be of
a kind that suits it and is. not agreeable to the
wishes of the House. Before making the mo-
tion to lay this joint resolution on the table, I
will yield to my colleague, [Mr. Garfield.]
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I have,
during the past two weeks, considered, from.
time«to time, somewhat carefully, the condition
of our Army; and there is one fact which I wish
to state to the House for its consideration.
The proposition contained in the first section
of this jointiresolution is that all laws and parts
of laws relating to the regular Army, which
have been enacted since 1861, shall be con-
tinued in full force. Now, if that Army with
its present organization is to be continued, I
desire to call the attention of the House to
some of the consequences. With the assist-
ance of some gentlemen thoroughly acquainted
with the roster of the Army, I have gone over
the Army Register, classifying some of theoffi-
cers whose names we find there. We have
only noted such persons as are well known.
As to a large number, we did not know in
what class to put them. But there are in the
regular Army of the United States fifty-two
officers above the grade of captain, who have
distinguished themselves in the field—officers
known to me and to those who with me have
looked over this list. There are also fifty-two
who have seen only a little service ; and there
are forty-three who have never been in the field
at all during the war—men now holding rank
above the rank of captain. And below these
there are sixteen men who during the war have
won their stars as major generals on the field,
and twenty-three who have won their stars as
brigadier generals on the field ; and under such
legislation as is here proposed, these will go
back into the service to be commanded by col-
onels and lieutenant colonels who never saw a
hostile battalion, and who were never in the
field at all. Why, sir, if the present Army
organization were to continue, I could point
xOut regular regiments of infantry now in our
Army, the colonel of which, if he should call
up the regiment for dress parade would call up
before him as captains six major generals and
brigadier generals. These would have to come
up and salute the colonel as their superior
officer.
Thus it will bo seen that by the legislation
proposed in this joint resolution these men
who won on the battle-field their rank of gen-
eral in the Army would be commanded by
colonels, lieutenant colonels, and majors who
never smelt powder, nor were within the reach
of hostile guns during the war. It appears to
me, sir, that there is no duty more imperatively
pressing upon Congress than that of reorganiz-
ing the Army, so as to do away with the abuses
which must exist under our present laws and
to make merit the rule of promotion and supe-
riority. If the system now existing is to con-
tinue, we shall lose the very bone and muscle
and sinew of our Army. Sir, there are now
hundreds of men who have won distinction in
the volunteer service, who are now desirous of
entering our Army, and who would make it
one of the most splendid armies that ever trod
the earth ; but if we pass no Army bill at this
session, these men must wait for some months,
and in all probability they will go into other busi-
ness, so that hereafter there will be fewer men
of a desirable class seeking to enter the ser-
vice, and the old officers of the regular Army
will have the field all to themselves.
Now, it appears to me that the whole policy
and management of our legislation thus far has
been to pass no Army bill, to authorize no re-
organization of the Army until all the aspiring
young men who have won distinction for them-
selves in the volunteer service have become
disgusted with waiting and again entered into
the other avocations of life, and for my own
part I wish we would continue the session until
next winter, so that we might get an Army or-
ganized in a thorough-going manner from the
