3310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
the same reason tax cider, which is the basis
of nearly all the champagne wine drank in this
country; but that is not done. This is a harm-
less commodity. If a liquor is made from it,
and it assumes some other form, it is then cov-
ered by the law; but mere rhubarb wine, which
I have drank often, and which, as I said before,
is made by farmers in Ohio and used as a sub-
stitute for currant wine, I do not think should
be taxed unless you tax all other of these
domestic wines.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator, I should think;
knows very well that farmers do not make $000
worth of domestic wine, and hence the striking
out of this word will not affect the farmer or
the man who manufactures it for the use of his
family.
Mr. SHERMAN. The $600 clause does not
apply.
Mr. GRIMES. I have asked the Commis-
sioner, who is sitting near me, and he says it
does ; and hence there is no protection to the
farmer by allowing this word to remain.
Mr. SHERMAN. The $600 exemption ap-
plies to the whole of a man's products. Sup-
pose a farmer's products are §1,000, and a
small portion consists of a little rhubarb wine
made for his family—a barrel is the most I have
ever known made—he should not be taxed on
that. It is but a small matter.
Mr. GRIMES. My purpose is to reach the
men who are deceiving the public by making
rhubarb wine at home, paying no tax upon it
to the assessor when he comes along, and then
sending it to Cincinnati and Chicago and Phil-
adelphia and New York, and passing it off as
Catawba wine. I know of my own knowledge
that that is done to a very great extent. I know
that in the town in which I live, where the tuns
or vessels are manufactured in which the wine
is put after it is run from the press, there have
been purchased by one man in one year, vats
or tuns or whatever they are called, to the
extent of twenty-live hundred gallons capacity.
The amendment was rejected.
The next item was read, as follows:
On cloth and all textile or knitted or felted arti-
#les, or fabrics of cotton, wool, or other materials,
before the same has been dyed, printed, or bloaohed,
and on all eloth painted, enameled, shirred, tarred,
varnished, or oiled, a tax of live per cent, ad valorem.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by striking out in line twenty-
four hundred and twenty-eight,aftor "painted,"
the word "enameled."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
The next item was read, as follows:
On thread and twine, a tax of fivo per cent, ad
valorem.
The Committee on Finance proposed no
amendment to this item.
The next item was read, as follows :
On articles of clothing manufactured or produced
for sale by weaving, knitting, or felting; on hats,
bonnet?, and hoop-skirts; on articles manufactured
or produced for sale as constituent parts of clothing,
or for trimming or ornamenting the same, and on
articles of wearing apparel manufactured or pro-
duced for salo from India-rubber, gutta-pereha, or
from fur, or far skins dressed with tho fur on, a tax
of five per cent, ad valorem.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend by inserting "silk" before "hats."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Tho next item was road, as follows:
On boots and shoes, a tax of two per cent, ad valo-
rem; to be paid by every person making, manu-
facturing, or producing for sale boots and shoes, or
furnishing the inateiials or any part thereof, and
employing others to make, manufacture, or produce
them: Provi'led, That any b©ot or shoe maker mak-
ing: boots or shoes to order as custom work only, and
not for general sale, and whose work, exclusive of
the materials, does not exceed annually in value
$1,000, shall be exempt from this lax.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend in line twenty-four hundred and forty,
after "boots," by striking out "and," and
after "shoes" inserting "and shoe-strings,"
so as to read, " on boots, shoes, and shoe-
strings, a tax of two per cent, ad valorem."
Mr. SPRAGUE. I hope that amendment
will not prevail. Shoe-strings, I understand,
are made from hemp, a new manufacture just
about being created in this country by the in-
troduction of linen machinery. It has been
brought before the attention af Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. This was put in at the
request of the shoe-string makers. Under the
present law they are taxed six per cent., and
they came to us with specimens of shoe-strings
and we put them on tho same footing with other
manufacturers of the same character, "boots,
shoes, and shoe-strings." This reduces the tax
from six to two per cent.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I propose, if this is not
agreed to, to put them on the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend that
item by inserting tho word " leather" before
'' shoe-strings'' in line twenty-four hundred and
forty; and after the word '' sale'' in line twenty-
four hundred and forty-two by striking out
"boots and shoes" and inserting "boots,
shoes, or leather shoe-strings."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to call the atten-
tion of the committee to tho amendment offered
by the Senator from Oregon. The Senate com-
mittee have amended the bill in line twenty-
four hundred and forty by inserting "and shoe-
strings," at a lax of two per cent. Now, the
amendment suggested by the Senator from Ore-
gon to insert "leather" before "shoe-strings"
carries back shoe-strings made from linen to five
percent. I should like lo have that reduced,
in addition to the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Oregon.
Mr. FESSBNDEN. The Senator will get
it by striking out "leather," and letting all
shoe-strings stand at two per cent.
Mr. SIIBR?vIx\.N, [to M'r. Spragtte.] Move
a reconsideration of the vote on the amendment
of the Senator from Oregon.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that reconsider-
ation.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now recurs upon the amendment offered by the
Senator from Oregon, [Mr. Williams.]
Mr. SHERMAN. I think the committee
have it about right. There is no use in making
a distinction between leather shoe-strings and
any other kind.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-four hun-
dred and forty-two the word " and" between
"boots" and "shoes" should be stricken Out
and the words "or shoe-strings" added after
^ 'shoes ''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatamend-
mcnt will be made.
The Committee on Finance farther proposed
to amend the item in line twenty-four hundred
and forty-six, after the word "whose," by strik-
ing out the "work, exclusive of materials, does
not exceed annually in value $1,000," and in
lieu thereof inserting "annual product does
not exceed $2,000;" so as to make the proviso
read:
Provided, That any boot or shoo maker making
boots or shoes to order as custom work only, and not
for general sale, and whose annual product does not
cxcoed §2,000, shall bo exempt from this tax.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next item was read, as follows:
Onready-made clothing, gloves, mittens, moccasins,
caps, and other ai tides of dress for the wear of men,
women, and children, not otherwise assessed ancl
taxed, a tax of one percent, ad valorem, to be paid by
every person making, manufacturing, or producing
for bale clothing, {doves, mittens, moccasins, caps,
and other articles of dres<?, or furnishing tho mate-
rials or any part thereof, and employing others to
make, manufacture, or produce them: Provided,Th^t
any tailor, or any maker of cloves, mittens, mocca-
sins, cap1?, or other article's of dress to order as cus-
tom work only, and not lor general sale, and whoso
work, exclusive of the materials, does not exceed
annually in value >>1.C00, shall be exempt from this*
tax; and articles of dress made or trimmed by milli-
ners or dressmakers for the wear of women and chil-
dren shall also be exempt from this tax.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this item by inserting after the word
" caps,'* wherever it occurred, the words
" felt hats/'
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-four
hundred and fifty-three to strike outgone"
before "per cent." and insert "two;" so as
to read:
On ready-made clothing, gloves, mittens, mocca-
sins, caps, felthats, and otherarticles oCdresfi lor the
wear of men, women, and children, not otherwise
assessed and taxed, a tax of two per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was iu line twenty-four
hundred and sixty-one, after "whose," to strike
out "work, exclusive of the materials, does
not exceed annually in value $1,000," and in
lieu thereof to insert " annual products do not
exceed $2,000."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee further proposed to amend
by inserting the following proviso, after line
twenty-four hundred and sixty-six, at the end
of the item:
Provided, Thattho branchinginto sprays, branches,
or wreaths of artificial flowers, on which an impost
or internal tax has already been paid, bhali not be
considered a manufacture within the meaning of
this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next item was read, as follows:
On cotton upon which no tax has been, levied, col-
lected, or paid, and which is not exempted by law, a
tax of two cents per pound, which shall be and re-
main a lien thereon until said tax shall have been
paid, in the possession of any poison or persons
whomsoever: Provided, That this pin a&raph shall be
and remain in force until July 1,1S56, and no longer.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strike this item froirLthe bill.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am directed by the
Committee on Finance, at this point, to move
an amendment to be inserted after line twenty-
four hundred and seventy-seven:
On paper not otherwise provided for, a tax of
three per cent, ad valorem.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next item, as follows:
On all manufactures, not otherwise provided for, of
cotton, wool, silk, worsted, flax, hemp, jute, India-
rubber, gutta-percha, wood, glass, pottery-waie,
leather, paper, iron, steel, lead, tin, copper, zinc,
brass, gold, silver, horn, ivory, bone, bristles, wholly
or in part, or of other materials, a tax of iivo per
cent, ad valorem: Provided, That on all cloths or
articles dyed, printed, or bleached, on which a tax
shall have been paid before the s.uno were so dyed,
printed, or bleached, the said tax of live per cent,
shall bo assessed only upon Ihe increased valuo
thereof: And provided further, That any cloth or fab-
rics or articles, as aforesaid, when made of thread,
yarn, or warps, imported, or upon which a duty shall
havo been assessed and paid, shall be as-jessed and
pay a tax on the increased value only thereof; and
when made wholly by tho fame manufacturer shall
bo subject to a tax only of fivo per cent, ad valorem:
And provided further, That brown earthen and com-
mon or gray stoneware shall be .subject to a tax of
two and one half per cent, ad vidoron, and no more.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend by inserting "enameled" after "print-
ed," in lines twenty-four hundred and eighty-
four and twenty-four hundred and eighty-six.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out after
the word "warps," in line twenty-four hundred
and ninety, tho words "imported or;" and in
line twenty-four hundred and ninety-one to
strike out "a duty," and insert "an internal
tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the following items, to
which no amendment was proposed, namely:
On all diamond5!, emeralds, precious stones, and
imitations thereof, and all other iewelrv, a tax of fivo
per cent, ad valorem: Prooided,'£l\&l when diamonds,
emeralds, precious stones, or imitations thereof, im-
ported frr. in foreign oountrn s, and upon which import
duties have been paid, shall be pet or reset in sold or
any other material, tho tax shall be assessed and paid
only upon the value of the settings.
On bullion in lump, ingot, har, or otherwise, a tax
of ono half of one per cent, ad valorem, to be paid by
the assa^er of the same, who shall stamp tho prod-
uct of the assay as tho Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, may prescribe by general regulations. And
ail sales, tiausfurs, exchanges, transportation, and
exportation of gold or silver assayed at any mi-it, o!
the United States, or by any private assaycr. unless
namped as prescribed by general regulation*'. as
aforesaid, are hereby declared unlawful: and every
peis-on or corporation who shall sell, transit trans-
port, exchange, export, or doal in the same, snail bo
subject to a penalty of $1,000"for each oDense, and to
