1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
This is a practical question; it is not a ques-
tion where we should discuss our relations with
Europe one way or the other. Does the pro-
ject have in itself virtue enough to justify us in
making the appropriation which is asked? I
believe it has, and therefore I shall vote for the
joint resolution. I take the word of my friend
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who assures
the House that the appropriation of 3100,000
will not all be needed ; that only a portion of
it will be required.
I confess X was somewhat surprised when the
Tetter of the Secretary of the Navy was read,
for it might seem to be a fair construction of
that letter, that if one of your frigates is sent
out it would cost $300,000 to put her in a con-
dition to carry freight, and a large sum in ad-
dition to restore her to a proper condition for
the use of the Navy. Now, if I supposed it
was to cost us $000,000 or $700,000 to take
part in this Exhibition, I should hesitate long
before I voted for the appropriation. But I
cannot bejjeve that is so. I believe the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks,] who
has investigated the matter, is nearer the truth,
and relying upon his assurance, I shall vote for
the measure.
Sir, I was little astonished at the position of
thegentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Washbuhxe,]
_ who says that we should not make this appro-
priation because our fortifications and our navy-
yards and everything connected with the Army
and Navy are out of repair and require vast
amounts of money. Yet, if I rccolicct aright,
when the Army and the Navy appropriation
bills were before the House the same distin-
guished gentleman persistently voted "no"
upon the recommendations made by the De-
partments for appropriations required for the
Army and Navy. And, sir, I have scarcely
known him to exercise his generosity, except
in one instance, when, for the sake of a friend,
he proposed a new rank in the Army with a
salary of more than thirty thousand dollars a
year.
Thegentleman says, " Fiat justitia, mat
caelum." I adopt the motto, sir; and I have no
doubt that my friend, in his personal affairs,
practices upon it. But, sir, when 1 have seen
the poor widow and the needy orphan repulsed
in tears from our doors without the bread which
the nation owed them, because the gentleman
from Illinois objected to entertaining their ap-
plications, I have felt that he caied more for
the public purse than that justice of which he
boasts.
Sir, I am in favor,of this proposition, be-
cause I believe it to be just. 1 believe that it
is just to the great industrial people of this
country. I believe that it will be beneficial to
the nation as one of the best promoters of a
permanent peace between this country and all
Europe. Why, sir, what have we been told
within the last four or five years ? England and
all continental Europe, with the exception of
Russia, in view of the immense number of our
population that were taken from the field and
the shop to fill our Army and our Navy, pre-
dicted that the industrial pursuits'of the nation
would languish; that the hammer would no
longer sound upon the anvil; that the shuttle
would no longer fly within the loom; that the
steam and the water would no longer revolve
the wheels of our factories; that the plow would
rust in the furrow; that the scythe and the sickle
would be hung upon the tree; that the vast
prairies of the West, which heretofore in time
of famine abroad have raised corn enough to
feed every citizen of Britain from the Queen
upon her throne to the lowest vagrant in the
streets of Dublin, would grow up with briars
and thistles, and that famine would follow in
the footsteps of our Army. And even now they
are astonished at the error of their prediction.
They have seen two million men going from
the farm and the shop, and the peaceful agricul-
turist and mechanic changed as it were in a
day to the noblest and bravest soldiers that ever
bore a musket. They have seen the little Navy
which might hide itself in the smallest harbor
on the Atlantic coast, springing as if in an in-
1897
stant to the most magnificent fleet that ever
threw a banner to the breeze; and they have
seen those soldiers and seamen better fed and
paid and clad than the soldiers or seamen of
any nation on the face of the earth. And dur-
ing all this exhausting process the industrial
interests have preserved their wonted activity.
The looms of the country have quadrupled;
the plow^ has extended its furrow; and the
great prairies of the West have produced njore
wheat and corn and pork and beef than during
any of the years prior to the war.
Sir, they have seen all this; and they haye
seen more. They have seen that a State can
live without an emperor or a king. They have
seen that a republican form of government
based upon intelligence is progressive and in-
destructible. They have seen in spite ofthis ter-
rible war that the flag of our Union still floats
in triumph and protects four million people
from whom the shackles have been broken:
and tliey have seen that under the constitutional
amendment the nation has the power through
Congress to protect those people in all the nat-
ural civil rights which pertain to a citizen.
Now, sir, pass this bill, give dignity to this,
enterprise, and encouragement to the people ;
and what will be the effect.'' Why, sir, from
my own State there .will go more than one
hundred sheep that will be purchased to im-
prove the finest flocks of Germany, Spain, and
Prance. The American plow and axe and
shovel and hoe and spade will again bear off
the palm. The reaper from the West, with its
modern improvements, will again excite the
envy, the admiration, and the wonder of Europe.
And, sir, our machinery, with improvements
made during the war, will convince Europe that
we are not only greatest in war, but that even
in the midst of war, we are still greater in the
arts of peace. Sir, when American industry
and the results of American genius are dis-
played, when the thin veil is lifted as it will be,
and the democracy of Europe and the industry
of Europe are brought in contact and in attri-
tion with the democracy and industry of this
country, the people will see our resources and
power, and no crowned head in Europe will dare
to trample upon the rights of the American
people; and war will never come.
Why, sir, I am not afraid to meet my con-
stituents on this appropriation. All gentlemen
know there are no more frugal, no more indus-
trious, no more careful, no more money sav-
ing, and I know, no more intelligent and pa-
triotic people than I have in my own district.
I admit that the expenses of my State govern-
ment have increased tenfold during the war,
and that the taxes have increased in like pro-
portion, and yet my people pay those taxes as
cheerfully as they do their work.
And now, sir, that sweet peace has come,
and the angel of death has put back the arrows
to the quiver, I know they will willingly con-
tribute of their substance.to promote the indus-
trial interests and the inventive genius of the
country.
The appropriation commends itself to my
judgment, and I shall take the responsibility
of voting for it.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Chairman, I have
no intention, at this late stage of the debate,
to detain the committee by any extended re-
marks on the resolution now before it for its
action. Indeed, I should feel it were an un-
justifiable trespass upon the committee if I were
to indulge any extended advocacy of the reso-
lution after the full, complete, and eloquent
presentation of the whole subject which was
made to us yesterday by the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Foreign Affairs ; but
as I happen to be on that committee, I have
thought it not inappropriate—and in that opin-
ion the chairman concurs with me—to say a few
words by way of reply to the objections urged
against the passage of the resolution by thegen-
tleman from Illinois. I am somewhat embar-
rassed, as every one must be in attempting to
reply to the discursive and eloquent orations
of that distinguished gentleman. It is very
much like "taking up arms against a sea" of
words; you scarcely know where to take hold
of them, or to find in them any specific point
of objection. It is much like arguing against
a tempest or a hurricane.
_ I do not propose certainly to follow him in
his description of the battle of the Wilderness,
or in his imitation of the art illery heard on that
terrible occasion. I have nothing to say about
questions of the Presidency, the future of this
country, or the general position he has here in
regard to questions of expenditure. I think,
sir, he did himself somewhat less than justice
in that regard. It is true he does oppose, as
we some of us think, somewhat recklessly and
without regard to their intrinsic merits, all bills
brought in here requiring the expenditure of
money on any subject whatever. I think he
depreciates himself unduly when he represents
himself as having become the most unpopular
man in Congress or the country on that ac-
count. Why, sir, it is the foundation as well
as the superstructure of his fame. He objects
to this bill on the same ground upon which he
has objected to every bill I have heard him
discuss in this House, because, namely, it in-
volves an expenditure of monej-. That fact of
itself is sufficient to enlist his hostility against
any bill that may be presented. I must say,
sir, after listening tp a good deal of this dis-
cussion—I mean discussion of that character
of hostility to bills of that kind on that partic-
ular ground—I think that as a general thing
it betrays a most unwise depreciation of the
intelligence, wisdom, and patriotism of the
people of this country.
Sir, if the mere fact of expending money is
to be made the ground of opposition to every
measure produced here, why are we here at
all ? Can we carry on the Government without
expending money? Can wo uphold any of the
great interests of the Government without
money?
The bill is alleged to be extravagant because
it involves the expenditure, as the gentleman
fromlllinois says, of from $300,000 to $")00,000.
I know no possible reason why he makes such
a statement as this, or upon what ground he
supposes it will involve the expenditure of more
than the $100,000 especially devoted to this
object. The gentleman, in order to show that
it will be greatly exceeded, brought in a letter
from the Secretary of the Navy showing that we
have no vessels fit for the purpose; that men-
of-war must be converted into freighting vessels
and then reconverted into vessels-of-war; that
this cannot be done without putting officers and
men to considerable inconvenience: and as the
lust and crowning objection of all, that it is not
proper, because the expeudihue cannot be prop-
erly stated in his accounts, if wo thus allow one
Department of the Government to interfere with
the doings of another.
Well, sir, perhaps the distinguished Secre-
tary of the Navy might expend a little more
time over his accounts, for the purpose of en-
abling the nation to be present with her prod-
ucts of industry at the Exposition. Possibly
the oflicers and men of our Navy might submit
with a better grace than he does to a little in-
convenience being inflicted upon them by such
a change, if that change is wanted or desired.
Our officers in the Navy have never been par-
ticularly distinguished for an unwillingness to
put themselves to a slight inconvenience for
the welfare of the country. They have done it
with good effect more than once, and they will
do it again, either in war or in peace. Bat it
is an entire mistake to suppose that the Navy
Department, in furnishing a vessel-of-war, is to
convert it iuto a freight vessel, and then recon-
vert it at the expense of the Government into
a vessel-of-war. The resolution simply requests
the President of the United States to furnish a
vessel for the transportation to Europe of the
products to be exhibited in that Exposition.
There is nothing involved or implied like the
conversion of a vessel-of-war into a freighting
vessel. In the year 3851 a vessel was sent out
loaded with the products of our industry for
the World's Exhibition at London, and yet
no expense was rendered nccessary to convert
