1866.
T;he ooa^om
Mr. GRIMES, tinker the grant of lands
made to the State for the Burlington and Mis-
souri River Railroad ,Company it was required
to complete this section oi twenty miles by the
1st of July next. This joint resolution is sim-
ply intended to extend that time from July until
October.
Since the resolution was introduced a,nd re-
ported by the comniittee, I have intelligence that
that country has been visited By a tremendous
freshet, and that the bridge ^vhich was the cau§e
of the del^y in completing the road, and the con-
dition of which compelled the company-to apply
for this extension of three months, "has been
swept away. I therefore propose to amend the
resolution as reported by the committee by
striking out the word "October" in the fifth
line and substituting "December," so as to
give them two months longer. The people are
anxious that the road shall be .completed as
Speedily as possible; but I think the company is
entitled to a little leniency because of this act
of Providence that has swept their abutments
and bridge away.
Mr. POMEROY. I suggest to the Senator
from Iowa that the time ought to be extended
for a year. The company have already had
one or two misfortunes, and may have another.
Extending the time two months in a great en-
terprise like a railroad is very little. I suggest
that the time should be extended for a year, so
as to allow sufficient opportunity for the pur-
pose.
Mr. GRIMES. I am representing the peo-
ple in that vicinity, who are extremely interested
in having this road completed as speedily as
possible, while I am attempting to protect the
rights of the railroad company. I think from
the intelligence I get that the injury which has
resulted to the company can be made good in
two months. I prefer, therefore, to have my
amendment adopted.
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to it
if the Senator thinks the tim,e he proposes suf-
ficient.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The resolution was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read the
third time, and passed.
PENSION AGENTS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I move that tie
Senate proceed to the consideration of the un-
finished business of the morning hour of yes-
terday, being the bill (S. No. 69) to provide for
the payment of pensions.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the con-
sideration of the bill.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. When this bill was
under consideration yesterday morning it was
thought best by some Senators that we should
fix by legislation the compensation to be paid
to these pension agents. I find by an exam-
ination of the laws that that compensation has
already been fixed by legislation. The history
of the legislation on the subject, in brief, is
this: upon the passage of the first pension act,
it was made the duty of the War Department to
appoint agents for the payment of pensions with-
out any Compensation. The agents were ap-
pointed at the discretion of the Secretary of
War.- It was then thought that the use of the
deposits would pay for any expense or trouble
in disbursing the money7, and for many years
the officers of banks made the payments. In
1847, for the first time, a law was passed fixing
the compensation of pension agents at SI,000
per annum, and subsequently the same discre-
tion was given to the Secretary of the Interior
as to the appointments that had been lodged in
the Secretary of War when the Pension Bureau
was in the War Department. Another act or
resolution, approved July 17, 1862, extended
the maximum of compensation to $2,000. An-
other act, approved June 30, 18G4, allowed to
every pension agent disbursing $50,000 annu-
ally, $500 for clerk hire, rent of office, and I
office expenses, and $750 to .every agent dis-
bursing $100,000 annually. and^^Oin addition
for every additional $50,000, the maximum to
the agent in no case to exceed $4,000. The
opinion of the Secretary of the Interior and the
Commissioner of Pensions is, that the present
laws restricting the amount of compensation to
these agents are amply sufficient, and that they
are just about right. The maximum runs now
from $2,000 to 54,000, including clerk hire and
office rent. There is, therefore, no neeij for
any amendment of the bill on that subject, it
already having been secured by legislation.
Thereis one otherpointupon which anam,end-
ment was suggested yesterday, to limit the num-
ber of these appointments. It is the opinion of
the Secretary of the Interior and the Commis-
sioner of Pensions that it is impracticable to
make any restriction at present, for this reason:
there are four States now having three pension
agents each, the States of Iowa, Indiana, Ohio,
and New York; they are the only ones having
as many as three; the most of the others have
two, and some of the States have but one.
These are thought now to be amply sufficient to
answer all purposes. If we were to adopt the
amendment suggested yesterday, saying that no
State shall be entitled to more than three agents,
every State now having but one or two would
at once insist upon having the full complement.
It is the opinion of the Department that such
an amendment would make it almost indispen-
sably necessary, under the pressure that would
be brought to bear, to appoint three agents for
each State. We do not propose a limit less
than three, because if we do it will come ,ofF
from every State that has now three agents. If,
therefore, wo should adopt an amendment pro-
viding that no more than three pension agents
shall be appointed for each State, instead of
restricting the number wo should be author-
izing twenty o-r thirty additional appointments,
for each State would insist upon having three
agents. For this reason, it is thought best to
leave the bill precisely as it is, the restrictions
on disbursements having been sufficiently pro-
vided for by previous laws.
I will state to the Senate that the reason why
the laws fixing the compensation of pension
agents were not found yesterday and were not
accessible so that we might refer to them, was
that they have been added to appropriation bills,
and where they were precisely no one could
inform us, but they seem to be complete in their
character.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the chairman
of the Committee on Pensions will not press a
vote on this bill tn-day. T desire to ask him
whether liis attention has been called to the
amount paid the pension agents. He will find
that it is a very large sum. and he will find also
that every dollar paid to them can bo saved by
selecting as paying agents our national banks;
and I propose, if lie will not press a vote on the
bill to-day, to bring in a substitute providing that
the national banks shall be used as .our agents
to pay pensions instead of the present system.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. My attention lias
been called to precisely the subject to which the
Senator from Kansas now refers, and I have
been very unfortunate in my remarks if I have
not satisfied the Senate and himself that the
amount paid to every one of these agents is fixed
by law and cannot be exceeded. The second
section of the act fixing the compensation of
pension agents, approved February 20, 1847,
which was the first law on the subject, allowed
for distribution a compensation not exceeding
$1,000. When the business of the pension
agents was greatly increased, growing out of the
rebellion, a joint resolution was passed on the
17th of July, 1802, extending the maximum of
commissions to $2,000; ana another act, ap-
proved June 30, 1864, granted an allowance to
pension agents, disbursing $50,000 annually, of
$500 for clerk hire and office rent; and to those
disbursing $100,000 annually, $750, and $250
in addition for every additional $50,000 dis-
bursed, the whole compensation in no event to
exceed $4,000.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. What is thewhole
amount paid to-pension, agents?
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. There are forty-
nine pension agents employed. Their maxi-
mum compensation, .cannot exceed $4,000 in;
any case, and it is fixed except whera
they pay out over $100,-000, -and then "for eaefi
$50,000 aibove that sum thtire is ^.n additional
percentage reaching t.o $4,000. ' f *
As to the idea of employing the nations®
banks to disburse this immense sum, I think
altogether impracticable. We have Bowiorty-
nine agents, every one of whom is vouched for
as a f&ithfu,l and honest man, every one of whom
has entered into abundant and sufficient se 
curries, and I t.hink it is ;best to leave the dis-
bursements precisely where they are now left
by law. I have had free conference with ®,e
Secretary of the Interior and the Comjnissioaessc
of Pensions on this subject, neither of whcua
has intimated any such idea as changing the
manner of payment from agents to the national
banks.
I hope the bill will be disposed of this morn-
ing. It has been three several times befoce (pie
Senate, and I think it is now as ftilly under-
stood as it ever will be, and if it is to be post-
poned I shall take it as an indication that the
Senate desire the enactment of no such law,
and, for one, I shall not press it upon their
attention any -further.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas The original plan
was to use banks as agents to pay these pensions
free of cost to the Government. The question
I submitted to the chairman of the Pension Com-
mittee was—and I certainly did not mean to of-
fend him in regard to his own bill—whether he
had had any correspondence with the national
banks as to their willingness to accept this
agency free of expense to the Government. I
am satisfied that, because of the length of time
that these deposits would necessarily remain in
the national banks, they would gladly accept
the agency free of cost to the Government. I
hope, therefore, that a vote will not be taken
to-day upon this bill, and that I may have the
opportunity of bringing in a substitute for it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. In answer to the last
suggestion, that the use of the deposits in the
national banks would be a sufficient compen-
sation to induce them to make these disburse-
ments, I have only to say thatl made that point
with the Commissioner of Pensions. lie told
me that under the first pension law it was the
custom of the Department to place these de-
posits, at the beginning of the year, in th« hands
of the disbursing agents, and the use of the fund
was sufficient to pay for the disbursements, but
under our present system the pension agents
make requisition for money when they need it,
and it does not lie in their hands ten days.
That is what I understand to be the difference.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. So far a? Kansas is
concerned, I know that the chairman of the
committee is mistaken. Our fund is about
§36,000, and the money is deposited by the
agent in one of our banks, and I know that that
bank would willingly accept the payment of the
money for the use of it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask my col-
league one question. My impression of the law
is that the Secretary of the Interior can now
appoint as many pension agents as in his judg-
ment are necessary. If so, this bill in regard
to the number of agencies to be established does
not change the law. It simply submits their
appointment to the judgment of the Senate.
There surely can be no objection to that. I will
not, for one, consent to send pension claimants
to any bank to get their money. Pension agents
help them very much in making up their papers.
If there is anything wrong about them, they fix
them up. I think the present system is much
more desirable.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. My colleague is
precisely right. The Secretary now has exactly
the discretion which this bill proposes to give thie
President.
Mr. HENDRICKS. So I thought
The bill was reported to the Senate without
