1398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
it into a freighting vessel to answer that pur-
pose.
Moreover, if this expense was involved, the
President would simply decline to furnish a
vessel. There is no provision whatever for
incurring any extra expense, and no proba-
bility that thoie will be any incurred.
The gentleman from Illinois [Mr. "Wash-
BCUX2] further objects to the appointment of
ten scientific commissioners. What can be
wanted of ten scientific commissioners it passes
his comprehension to imagine. He gave us,
to be sure, a graphic description of the duties
of one commissioner, and was complimentary
enough to the gentl^jnan from Massachusetts
[Air. Basks] to represent him as the very man
to go and perform certain duties which the
gentleman evidently supposes to be those of a
scientific commissioner there; namely, to break-
fast here, dine there, and sup somewhere else;
to visit all the places of any distinction, and
display himself as a specimen of American prod-
ucts to the evident astonishment of congre-
gated Europe. The gentleman is much too
modest in this matter. 1 am sure it was noth-
ing but modesty that would prevent him from
selecting another much more worthy exemplar
to be sent to that Exposition for the purpose
of representing this country. And if he will
not make the nomination himself, I trust that
some one who does represent American indus-
try will at the proper time suggest that the
gentleman himself volunteer to go there and
make himself the great exemplar and model of
what a Uepuhlic only seventy-five years of age
has produced. I venture to say that if he will
go, clothed in the full panopoly of his elo-
quence, wind the American Hag around him as
the signal to the world that he is there, and
make there such a speech as he has made to us
to-day, he will astonish Europe as it has never
been astonished before. I do not know whether
it will bo lair to ask him to volunteer for that
particular service, but I am sure we can find
no scientific commissioner who can do so much
justice, in this specific regard, to his extraor-
dinary conception of the duties of a scientific
commissioner, as he himself.
It has been asked, where is the necessity of
ten of these commissioners? The reason is that
tlieie are ten groups of industry to be examined,
anifthe object of having a scientific commission
at all is to have one for each group, especially
qualified by special knowledge to report upon
it in a way to instruct and enlighten the people
of the United States, so that they may reap the
full benefit of the Exhibition.
Now, sir, I take it that any gentleman here
understands that a man may be very well qual-
ified to report scientifically and so as to instruct
the American people in one particular depart-
ment, like that rff the fine arts, who would not
be at all qualified to report on the department
of clothing or that of furniture orthat of mech-
anism. Each of these is a distinct branch of
industry or art, and it is absolutely necessary
that each shouldhaveits proper representation
—should have some one thoroughly and scien-
tifically familiar with all the details of the sub-
ject intrusted to his care.
I think it is universally agreed among scien-
tific men that the classification of products and
industry provided by the imperial commission
of France, is the most perfect and complete
classification ever made, and scientific reports
from scientific men upon each one of these
groups would exhaust the whole subject of
products and industry and put the American
people in the absolute possession of all that the
Exposition can teach us or the rest of the
world. This is to be done by sending ten scien-
tific men to remain there only during the Ex-
position. at the expenseof $1,000 a year. Now,
itsecms to me, with due deference to others, that
it is scarcely worthy of our position, that it is
ignoble for us to higgle over a few hundred
dollars in the presence of so great an occasion,
where such great advantages are to be reaped
from attention to it.
The gentleman from Illinois complains that
t&is measure will creat# nineteen new offices
to be filled by appointment; the appointments
to be made by the President. Well, sir, I am
somewhat surprised, but greatly delighted that
his horror of creating new offices has grown
upon him so much within the last few weeks,
and that he is prepared to take this ground
hereafter.
I remember a time, not many weeks or many
days since, when he was quite willing to create
twQ or three thousand offices and put the ap-
pointment of them all into the hands of the
President without the slightest hesitation. He
made no objection then on the score of econ-
omy or on the score of creating swarms of
offices to augment the patronage of the Presi-
dent. Here is a proposition to appoint ten
scientific commissioners, the most innocent
men, so far as politics are concerned, in the
whole nation, to be selected for their scien-
tific attainments and not, I trust, from any
geographical distribution, as the gentleman
from Iowa [Mr. Grinnell] seems to contem-
plate. The ten men who can best do the par-
ticular duty are the ten men who should go
there; and if we can get the services of such
men for $1,000 a year, the nation ought to
consider itself fortunate, and to rejoice that
there are so many men of ability and position
willing to serve the industry of the country at
so low a rate.
There was another line of argument in which
the gentleman from Illinois indulged, upon
which I will "bestow but a moment's notice.
He reminded the House that this nation had
been insulted, trampled on, and spit upon by
all the nations of the earth, excluding one
which he had not the kindness to name.
Now, I venture to say that any one who makes
the assertion that this nation has been trampled
upon or insulted or spit upon by any nation
on the face of the earth, travels wide of the
record, and makes an assertion which he can-
not maintain. This nation is not in the habit
of submitting to insults of that sort from any
nation be she great or small. Different poli-
cies have been pursued; policies have been
pursued by the nations of Europe that we con-
sider inimical to our interests, but there is not
one thai has dared at any point in the great
contest thiough which we have passed, to in-
sult the fiag ot' the United States, either upon
the sea or upon the land, and the time is far
distant when any one of them will venture to
do it.
We have had differences with France and
with England. Our complaints are on file
against them. We have summoned them to
correct the great injustice which wo claim they
have done us. That great controversy is still
in progress. Nations do not settle their ac-
counts in an hour.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman allow me to ask him if this is to be un-
derstood as a waiver of our demands upon
Franco? I so understand him.
M.r. RAYMOND. I should like to know how
the gentleman could understand anything of
that sort lrom anything 1 have said. I was sim-
ply replying to the. gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Washbukxe,] who adduced the asserted fact
that we had been insulted by France as a reason
why we should not join in this exhibition of the
industry of all nations. I simply replied to that,
that wo have not been insulted by France iu any
such sense as requires us to resent it by a paltry
spite of this kind. As I was saying, when in-
terrupted, that controversy is still going on.
The action of France in planting her troops in
Mexico, andplacing an Austrian prince upon the
throne of Mexico, has not passed unchallenged.
And 1 venture to say that when the correspond-
ence upon that subject, both recent and remote,
comes before the American people, no man in
this House or elsewhere will have any reason
or motive or disposition to complain of the
position our Government has taken upon that
subject. And if the demands which are made,
and which are reasonable and just, and are in-
sisted upon, are not complied with, this nation
knows very well how to enforce compliance
with all our just demands without resorting to
so paltry a mode of showing resentment as .
refusing to be present at such an Exhibition
as this.
The gentleman from Illinois says that as
Americans we ought to keep out of such an
Exhibition. I say, as an American, that we
ought to go into it and into every one of a
similar kind that may be open to fls. When-
ever -we are challenged to enter into competi-
tions with other nations in any field, of war or
peace, we should not for one instant hesitate or
delay. Let them challenge us in war if they
will, let them give us just cause of war, and
we will bear ourselves under the challenge as
becomes a powerful and self-respecting nation.
And when they invite us to a contest of peace,
shall we shrink therefrom ?
The gentleman says we have a debt of
$3,000,000,000, and that we should pay that
before we incur this expenditure. I should
like to see the American in Europe who,
when asked why the place allotted to us in
that Exhibition is vacant, would venture to
say that the expense of our war to put down
rebellion was so great that we could not pos-
sibly afford to send a few of our products to
this Exhibition. Such an American would hu-
miliate us more in the eyes of Europe and in
the consciousness and self-respect of our own
people, than any "insult" or injury which all
the nations of the earth may be supposed to
have inflicted upon us during our recent war.
There are two ideas which, in the conflict
of ideas that has been going on all over the
world for centuries past, are the progressive
ideas of this epoch. One is the idea of dem-
ocratic liberty; the other is the perfection of
labor. They go together here and everywhere.
We claim that this country is the special home
of both. We claim that while liberty dignifies
and enfranchises labor, labor is the bulwark of
liberty and secures it to this continent forever.
The same ideas are working themselves out in
the same proportions and with the satfie results
in every part of the continent of Europe. And
when-the challenge is made by France, or by
England, or by Prussia, or by Germany, or by
any other nation of the earth, to come and show
what labor has done for the people, it does not
become the Republic of the United States to
hesitate one instant or, I was going to say, ask
one solitary question as to the expense that
may be thereby incurred.
We claim that labor in this country has
achieved its proudest triumphs, because those
who labor are those who govern ; because here
labor is free, and every man is left without
governmental interference to work out ■what-
ever of energy, or industry, or enterprise God
has gifted him with. We point the nations of
the world to that as the crowning victory of
free institutions on this continent.
The Emperor of France asks us to come
there and compare the products of the indus-
try of freedom with the products of industry
of those who are under the imperial and mo-
narchical Governments of the Old World. Have
we any reason to shrink ; have we any excuse
for shrinking? I trust this resolution will
pass. I wish it eould pass, with the respect
due to labor and to liberty alike, by the unan-
imous vote of this House and of the other
branch of tho national Legislature. I am sura
it cannot fail, for this House, this Congress, is
but the representative of labor, and it dare not
jjrove wholly recreant to its trust.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the committee
now rise for the purpose of closing debate oa
this joint resolution.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Will my col-
league [Mr. Banks] withdraw that motion, and
yield the floor to me for a few moments?
Mr. BANKS. I will.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I do not rise
for the purpose of debating this joint resolu-
tion. I intend to vote for it, because among
other reasons I believe it will be an econom-
ical investment in behalf of the labor and the
arts and the industry of our country; and be-
cause I believe it will be a great peace-making
convention of the nations of tho earth who shall
