4278
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 199) for the
relief of certain Chippewa, Ottawa, and Potta-
watomie Indians;
An act (H. R. No. 792) to authorize the
Secretary of War to furnish transportation to
discharged soldiers to whom artificial limbs
are furnished by the Government;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 208) authoriz-
ing the Secretary of War to contract with Dr.
Alexander Dunbar;
An act (H. B. No. 794) for the relief of
Francis Colgen;
An act (H. R, No. 797) granting a pension
to Daniel Lucas:
An act (H. R. No. 798) for the relief of
Quincy A. May;
An act (H. R. No. 800) for the relief of
Marion M. Buxton;
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 195) to extend
the provisions of the act of July 4, 18G4, lim-
iting the jurisdiction of the Court of Claims, to
loyal citizens of Tennessee; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 204) to reim-
burse Mrs. Mary Phelps, of Missouri.
deficiency bill.
Mr. KASSON, from the committoe of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the deficiency bill, submitted the
following report:
Tho committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on tho amendments to the
bill (II. 11. No. <91) being an act to supply deficien-
cies m the appropriations for the scrvice of the fiscal
year ending Juno 30, 1866, and for other purposes,
naviB?met, aftcrfull andfrceconfercncohaveagreed
to recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the House of Representatives recede from
their disagreement to tho amendments of IheScnate
numbered six, eight, eleven, twenty, twenty-one, and
thirty, and agrco to the same.
Thnt tite Senate reccdo from their amendments
numbered sixteen and twenty-d^.
That the House recede from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate numbered seventeen
and agree to the pnino with amendments as follows:
insert in the second line ofsaidarnciidmcnfe-after tho
word 4 expenses'* the word/'actuallyand in tho
sixth and seventh lines of said amendment strike out
tho words " i wenty-live" and insert in lieu thereof the
word 'ten."
That the House recede from their disagreement to
tho twenty-seventh amendment of the Senate and
agree to tho samo with an amendment as follows:
strike out all after the word "dollars" in lino four
to the end of tho section.
That the Senate reccdo from their disagreement to
tho amendment of the House to the amendment of
the Senate numbered twenty-eight, and agree to tho
same. V?. p. FKSSENDEN,
J. B. HENDERSON,
C. 11, BUCKALEW,
Managerf) on the part of the Senate.
JOHN A. KASSON,
II. J. RAYMOND,
S.J.RANDALL,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I would like to in-
quire whether there is in this report anything
■which increases our own pay or withholds
bounties from the soldiers.
Mr. KASSON. No, sir; it has no relation
to either of those subjects. The only two im-
portant items, so far as I remember, were two
amendments of the Senate, disagreed to by the
House, one appropriating $40,000 in satisfac-
tion of old war claims in Oregon; the other
appropriating some two hundred and thirty
thousand dollars for the pay of tho marshals
and other persons engagedin taking the census
in the southern States, the accounts for which
have been adjusted, and which the Senate pro-
posed should be paid so far as the claimants
might show themselves to be loyal. The House
having disagreed to both those amendments,
the Senate has receded. I know of no other
important amendment.
The report of the committee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. EASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the report of the committee was agreed
to : and also moved that the motion to recon-
sider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
colored schools in the distbict.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I move that the House
proceed to the consideration of the bill (S. No.
247) entitled " An act donating certain lots in
July 27,
the city of "Washington for schools for colored
children in the District of Columbia."
There being no objection, the bill was taken
from the Speaker's table and read a first and
second time. It proposes to authorize and
require the Commissioner of Public Buildings
to grant and convey to the trustees of colored
schools for the cities of "Washington and George-
town, in the District of Columbia, for the sole
use of the colored children in the District,
all the right, title, and interest of the United
States in and to lots numbered one, two, and
eighteen, in square nine hundred and eighty-
five, in the city of Washington, the lots having
been designated and set apart by the Secretary
of the Interior to be used for colored schools.
"Whenever the lots shall be converted to other
uses they are to revert to the United States.
Mr. RADFORD. What is the size of these
lots ?
Mr. INGERSOLL. They are ordinary sized
lots.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
paul s. forbes.
Mr. KfcLLEY. I ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, for consideration at the present time,
joint resolution (S. R. No. 99) for the relief
of Paul S. Forbes under his contract with the
Navy Department for building and furnishing
the steam screw sloop-of-war Idaho.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to suspend the rules
that I may report the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
election of internal revenue officers.
Mr. BROOMALL. I ask unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expedieney-of report-
ins an amendment to tho Constitution of the United
Stales permitting Congress to provide by law for the
election of assessors and collectors of internal rev-
enue by the people.
Mr. BINGIIAM, Mr. STltOUSE, and others
objected.
Mr. BROOMALL. I move to suspend the
rules to allow the introduction of the resolu-
tion.
The motion was not dgreed to.
SOLDIEBS 01' THE WAR OF 1812.
Mr. PERHAM. I ask unanimous consent
of the House to report back from the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions the bill introduced by
myself in reference to the soldiers of tho war
of 1312.
Mr. ALLEY. I object.
Mr. PERHAM. I move to suspend the rules.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The House refused to suspend the rules.
appointment of cabinet ministers.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask unanimous consent
of tho House to submit the following preamble
and resolution:
Whereas tho Constitution of the United States
makes it the sworn duty of the President to take
care that the 1 aws be faithfully executed; and whereas
this duty cannot be performed by him in person, but
by officers appointed for that, purpose, for the faith-
ful performance of whose duties he is justly respon-
sible : Therefore,
Itesolved, That it is tho right of tho President, as
the chief Exccutivo of tho nation, to have for his
Cabinet ministers such persons onlyasmay command
his confidence; and that it is also equally his right
to commit tho execution of the laws to such persons
under him ashemaydeem mostauitablcand efficient
for tho performance of their respective duties.
Mr. PRICE. I object.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Is the word cotton
in tho resolution ?
Mr. JOHNSON. No; or wool either. I
move to suspend the rules in order that I may
introduce the proposition.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
thirty, noes not counted.
So (two thirds not voting in the affirmative)
the jules were not suspended.
miss clara bakton.
Mr. WARD. I ask unanimous consent of
the House to introduce the following resolu-
tion :
Itesolved by the Senate and House of liepresentativesin
Congress assembled, That the franking privilege be
conferred upon Miss Clara Barton, for the period of
two years from the date of the passage of this reso-
lution.
Mr. TRIMBLE. I object.
Mr. WARD. I move to suspend the rules.
The rules were not suspended.
fireman.
Mr. WRIGHT. I have a resolution I desire
to offer. While almost all of the employ6s of
this Capitol have had their compensation in-
creased, growing out of the changed condition
of affairs in the country, the fireman under
the old Hall of the House of Representatives
has been left out in the cold. [Laughter.] I
ask that we shall warm him as well as the
others ; and I hope there will be no objection
to tho following resolution :
Resolved, That the fireman employed under tho old
Hall of the House of Representatives shall be entitled
to the same increase of pay that has been allowed to
the other employes of this House.
Mr. MAYNARD. Is he paid out of the
contingent fund?
The SPEAKER. The Chair supposes he
will be paid if there is contingent fund enough.
There was no objection.
Mr. ROSS. I move to amend by adding
the following:
That all increase of compensation allowed to tho
employes of the House during this session of Con-
gress be, and the same is hereby, rescinded.
The SPEAKER. _ That is not germane to
the pending resolution.
_ Mr. WRiGHT demanded the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. ROSS moved that the resolution be laid
upon the table.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
41, noes 40; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers ; and appointed Mr. Wright and Mr.
Ross.
Mr. JOHNSON. I move that tho tellers be
allowed to employ clerks, for neither one of
them can count a hundred. [Great laughter.]
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 105, noes G5. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELD RIDGE. Is that a quorum?
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair is of the opin-
ion that it is a quorum.
So the resolution was laid upon the table.
tax on baxic circulation.
Mr. STEVENS. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a joint resolution that the tax
imposed upon notes of State banks or State
banking institutions, by the act entitled "An
act to amend an act to provide internal reve-
nue," approved March 3, 1865, shall be sus-
pended for one year.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I object.
morning iiour.
Mr. BENJAMIN. Has the morning hour
commenced.
The SPEAKER. It has, and reports are
now in order of a private nature, commencing
with tho Committee on Patents.
belllly am juggins.
Mr.^ RICE, from tho Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, reported back House
bill No. 108, for the relief of Berry & Higgins,
with a recommendation that it do pass.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I move that it
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. It has been already
thoroughly investigated. It relates to the con-
struction of the Patent Office building, and
refers the whole subject for adjustment to the
Secretary of the Interior. The facts are- that
after tho contract was made a portico was added
