3318
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
tion, any sales made by or through another broker,
upon which a tax has been paid, shall not be esti-
mated and included as sold by the broker for whom
the sale was made.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause after the word '* bonds" by
striking out, in line .twenty-six hundred and
forty-three, "foreign exchange."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to strike out,
in line twenty-six hundred and fifty, before
the word "coin" the words "foreign ex-
change." .
Mr. SPRAGUE. I would ask the chairman
of the committee, why strike out "foreign
exchange" from taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Because there is a
large stamp duty on it.
Mr. SPBAG-IJE. More than the amount
of this tax would be?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is quite a heavy
stamp tax on foreign exchange, and it was
thought to be too burdensome to put this on
besides.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed, in line twenty-
six hundred and fifty, to strike out 11 uncur-
rent money" after "coin."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I rise more for the pur-
pose of inquiry. The preceding section in
regard to the tax on sales did not attract my
attention before. I ask the chairman if it is
the purpose to tax ordinary sales of stocks at
the " public exchange one tenth of one per
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, that is the tax in
the previous clause.
Mr. SHERMAN. It seems a very heavy tax,
higher than the usual commissions charged by
those engaged in that business.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The tax is one cent on
$100 on sales of stocks.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is in the clause now
before us, but I am referring to the provision
on page 115. Sales at auction at the exchange,
New York, are taxed one tenth of one per cent,
for ordinary securities, railroad stocks, &c.,
which are sold daily. One tenth of one per
cent, is a very heavy charge; it is much larger
than the next section, which provides only one
hundredth of one per cent. 1 wish simply to
call attention to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is reduced from one
fourth to one tenth.
Mr. SHERMAN. Is the present tax one
fourth of one per cent. ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is on auction sales.
Mr. SHERMAN. But does not apply to the
ordinary exchange sales, brokers' sales.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to strike out
"duty or" before "tax" in lino twenty-six
hundred and sixty-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed, in line
twenty-six hundred and eighty-three, to strike
out after "costs" the words "of suit."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-six hun-
dred and seventy-three, after "coin," I move
to strike out " uncurrent money, foreign ex-
change."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SPRAGUE. That matter of foreign
exchange I desire to call attention to. There
is also a stamp tax on promissory notes, per-
haps as much as on foreign exchange. There
is a very large tax on promissory notes.
Mr. VAN WINKLE and Mr. FESSENDEN.
Very small.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
will proceed.
The Secretary read the next amendment to
this clause proposed by the Committee on Fi-
nance, which was in line twenty-six hundred
and ninety-five, after the word "of," to strike
out "the act to which this is an amendment"
and insert "this act."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amend-
ment will not be made. We have made sev-
eral amendments of that kind which have been
passed over, but on looking at it I am satisfied
it is wrong. This is a separate and distinct
act of itself, and there are no stamp duties
imposed by this act that T know of. It refers
to the stamp duties in schedule B of another
act, and I am apprehensive, indeed I am very
certain, the amendment is wrong. I hope,
therefore, it will not be made.
The amendment was rejected.
The committee proposed to insert the word
"monthly" after "paid," in line twenty-six
hundred and ninety-eight.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed, after the word
"month," at the end of line twenty-six hun-
dred and four, to strikeout " with the amount
of tax which has accrued or shall accrue
thereon."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, unless there be objection.
The Chair hears none.
The committee also proposed in line twenty-
seven hundred and seven, after "Internal
Revenue," to strike out "and pay to the col-
lector the amount of tax thereon before the
end of the month."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
That section one hundred bo amended by striking
out all after the cnactint? clause, including schedule
A, and inserting in lieu thereof the following:
That there shall *be levied, annually, on every car-
riage, gold watch, and billiard table, and on all gold
or silver plate, the tax or sums of money set down in
figures agamst the same, respectively, or otherwise
specified and set, forth in schedule A, hereto annexed,
to be paid by the person or persons owning, possess-
ing, or keeping the same on the 1st day in May, in
oaeh year, and the same shall bo and remain alien
thereon until paid.
, Schedule A.
Carriage, plucton, carryall, rockaway, or othcrlikc
carriage, and any coach, hackncy coach, omnibus, or
four-wheeled carriage, the body of which rests upon
springs of any description, which may bo kept for
use, for hire, or for passengers, and which shall not
be u^ed exclusively in husbandry or for the trans-
portation of merchandise, valued at exceeding $300
and not above JoOO each, including harness used
therewith, six dollars.
Carriages of like description, valued above $500,
cach ten dollars.
On gold watches, composed wholly or in part of
gold or gilt, kept lor ute, valued at $100 or less, cach
one dollar.
On gold watches composed wholly or in part of
gold or gilt, kept for use, valued at above :L,I00, each
two dollars.
Billiard tables, kcpt.for use, cach ten dollars: Pro-
vided, That billiard tables kept for hire, and upon
which a special tax has been imposed, shall'not bo
required to pay the tax on billiard tables kept for
use, as aiorci-aid, anything herein contained to the
contraiy no!hwiihMa.vidiiKr.
On plate, of gold, kept for use, per ounce troy, fifty
cents.
On plate, of silver, kept for use, per ounce troy, five
cents: Provided, Thatsilver spoons or plate of silver
used by.0110 family to an amount, not exceeding forty
ounces as aforesaid, belonging to any ono person,
plate belonging to religious societies, and souvenirs
and keepsakes actually given and received as such
and not kept, for use; also, all premiums awarded as
a token of merit by any agricultural society, corpo-
ration, or association of poisons, for any purpose
whatever, shall bo exempt from tax.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by striking out in the last
proviso, after the word "ounces," in line
twenty-seven hundred and fifty-four, the words
" as aforesaid" and inserting "troy."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine of the bill, as follows:
That, sections one hundred and ono and ono hun-
dred and two be, and the same are hereby, repealed.
No amendment was reported to this clause.
The next clause was read, as follows:
That section one hundred andthiee bo amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: that every person,
firm, company, or corpoiation owning or possessing
or having the care or management of any railroad,
eana), steamboat, ship, barge, canal-boat, or other
vessel, or any stage-coach or other vehicle, except
hacks or carriages not running on continuous routes,
engaged or employed in the business of transporting
passengers lor hire, or in transporting the mailsofthe
United States upon contracts made prior to the
parage of this net, shall be subject to and pay a tax
of two and one half per cent, of the gross receipts
from passengers and mails of such railroad, canal,
steamboat, ship, barge, canal-boat, or oihoi v^r-scl,
or such stage-coach or other vehicle: Provided, :
That the tax hereby imposed shall not be assessed
upon receipts for the transportation of pei-sons or
mails between the United States and any foreign
port; but such tax shall be assessed upon the trans-
portation of persons from a port within the United
States through a foreign territory to a port within the
United States, and shall be assessed upon and col-
lected from persons,firms, companies, or corporations
within the United States, receiving hire or pay for
such transportation of persons or mails; and so much
of section one hundred and nine as requires returns
to be made of receipts hereby exempted from tax
when derived from transporting property for hire is
hereby repealed: Provided also, That any person or
peisons, firms, companies, or corporations owning,
possessing, or having the care or management of any
toll-road, ferry, or bridge, authorized by law to re-
ceive toll for the transit of passengers, beasts, car-
riages, teams, and freight of any description, over
such toll-road, ferry, or bridge.shallbesubjecttoand
pay a tax of three percent, of the gross amount of
all their receipts of every description; but when the
gross receipts of any such bridge or toll-road, for
and during any term of twelve consecutive calendar
months, shall not exceed the amount necessarily ex-
pended to keep such bridge or road in repair, no tax
shall be assessed upon such receipts during any month
next following any such term: And provided further t
That no tax under this section shall be assessed upon
any person, firm, company, or corporation whose gross
receipts do not exceed $1,000 per annum: And pro-
vided further, That all boats, barges, and flats not
used far carrying passengers, nor propelled by steam
or sails, which are floated or towed by tug-boats or
horses, and used exclusively for carrying coal, oil,
minerals, or agricultural products to market, shall
be required hereafter, in lieu of enrollment fees or
tonnage tax, to pay an annual special tax, for each
and every such boat of a capacity exceeding twenty-
five tons, and not exceeding one hundred tons, five
dollars; and when exceeding ono hundred tons, as
aforesaid, shall be required to pay ten dollars; and
said tax shall be assessed and collected as other
spccial taxes provided for in this act.
The Committee on Finance proposed, after
the words " prior to," in lino twenty-seven
hundred and seventy-two, of this clause, to
strike out "the passage of this act," "and to
insert in lieu thereof "July 1, 1866."
Mr. VAN AVINKLE. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out "July" and insert-
ing "August."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment, as amended,
was adopted.
The committee also proposed to insert the
words "during said term" after " expended,">
in line twenty-eight hundred; and in line
twenty-eight hundred and two to strike out
"any" before "month" and insert "the."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made, if there be no objection.
The committee further proposed to insert
after the word " term" the following proviso:
Provided further, That all such persons, companies,
and corporations shall have the right to add the tax
imposed hereby to their rates of fare whenever their
liability thereto may commencc, any limitations
which may exist bylaw or by agreement with any
person or company which may haye paid or be lia-
ble to pay such fare to the contrary notwithstanding.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I mote in line twenty-
eight hundred and eleven, after the word 1 '• un-
der," to insert "the foregoing provisions of,"
so as to read, " that no tax under the foregoing
provisions of this section," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
That section one hundred and seven be amended
by shaking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: that any per-
son, firm, company, or corporation owning or pos-
sessing or having Ihe care or management of any
telegraphic line by which telegraphic dispatches or
messages arc received or transmitted, shnll be sub-
ject to and pay a tax of three per ecnt, on the gross
amount of all receipts of such person, firm, company,
or corporation.
No amendment was reported to this clause.
The next clause was read, as follows:
That section one hundrpd and nine be amended by
adding thereto the following: Provided, That no
return shall be required ot receipts not subject to
tax.
The committee proposed to strike out this
clause.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next clause was read, as follows :
That section ono hundred and ten be amended by
striking out all after the enacting clause and insert-
ing in lieu thereof the following: that there shall bo
levied, collected, and paid a tax of one twenty-fourth
of one per cent, each month upon the average amount
of thedeposits of money, subject to payment by cheek
