334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 20,
amendment, ordered- to be engrossed for a third
reading,and was read the third time, and passed.
PEXPrON APPROPRIATION BILL.
, Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like, if the
Senate please, very much to take up the pen-
sion appropriation hill. It has been reported
for some time. I think it will pass without any
sort of debate. There are a few amendments
which will require that it be sent back to the
House of Representatives, and there is. time
enough in the morning hour to dispose of it, I
think. It is House bill No. 36. I move to
take it up.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (II.
R. No. 36) making appropriations for the pay-
ment of invalid and other pensions of the Uni-
ted States for the year ending the 30th of June,
1887, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole. The appropriations proposed by the
bill are:
For invalid pcnsiong under various acts, $5,500,000
For revolutionary pensions, and pensions of widows,
children, mothers, and sisters of soldiers, per act of
March 18,1818 ; May 15,1828: June 7,1832, July 4,1836;
July 7,1838; March 3, ISiS; June 17, 1844; February 2,
July 21 and .Tnly 29, 1848; February 3,1853; June 3,
1858; and July 14,18G2, $9,800,000.
For Navy pensions to widows, cliildron. mothers,
and sisters, per act of August 11, 1848, and July 14,
1862, $140,000.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Finance was in line ten, after the
word "soldiers," to strike out "per act" and
insert "as provided for by acts so as to read :
For revolutionary pensions, and pensions of widows,
children, mothers, and sistois of soldiers, as provided
for by acts of March 18, 181S, Arc.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty, af-
ter the word "1802," to insert "and for com-
pensation to pension agents and expenses of
agencies," so as to include these expenses in
the appropriation of $9,800,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-four,
to strike out "per act" and insert "as provided
for by acts."
'fhe amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of the hill as a new section:
Bloc. 2. ,1 tul he it furthrr enacted. That the follow-
ing sum ho, mid the same is hereby, nppropj iated to
supply a deficiency in the appropriation for the fiscal
yc.ir endins June 3(1, ISfxi, out of any money in tlio
Treasury not otherwise appropriated:
For revolutionary pensions, and pensions of wid-
ows, children, mofhors, and sisiers of soldiers, as pro-
vided tor by (ioN of M.u eh [8, ISIS; Mav 15, I'VH; Julie
7, 1832; Jillvi, 383(5: Jn!v7, 1838; Mareh3, 1313; June
7,1814; i'Vbruary 2, July 21, and July 29, 1818; l'Vhrii-
aiy 3,1853; June 3,1858. and July 4,1802, 62,500,000.
-The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Amongtheamendments
agreed upon by the committee was one to insert
at the end of'the I.wooly-seventh line the words
"to be paid out of the Navy pension fund." By
some mistake that was cither not reported or
not printed, f move to amend by adding- these
words at the end of (he twenfy-scveujh lino, "to
be paid out of (he N;i\v pom-ion fund.11 There
is a fund of nine or ten millions, I understand,
out of which the naval pensions should properly
be paid.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendments were concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read
a third time. The bill was read the third time,
and passed. Its title was amended by adding
the words "and additional appropriations for
the year ending the 30th of June, 1860."
PERSONAL EX PLAN ATJOX.
Mr. CHANDLER. I notice in the reports of
the Associated Press the other day that " Mr.
('tiAXDi.ER gave notice that he would read the
Ib-itish foreign enlistment act." He gave no
such notice. He gave notice that he would ask
leave to introduce a bill containing the British
foreign enlistment act with a clause repealing
our present neutrality laws. If that notice is
not so entered upon the Journal, 1 desire that
it may be so recorded. My object was that, there
might be a uniform rule of neutrality as appli-
cable both to the United States and to Great
"Britain, and by the enactment of their foreign
enlistment act and the repeal of our neutrality
laws, the whole question of neutrality would bo
understood both by Great Britain and by the
United States.
ADMISSION 01? COLORADO.
Mr. STEWART. I desire to call up Sen-
ate bill No. 74, for the admission of the State
of Colorado into the Union, for the purpose
of moving to make it the special order for
Wednesday next.
The motion to take up the bill was agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. I now move that the bill
be postponed until Wednesday next, at one
o'clock, and that it be made the special order
for that day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to repeat a re-
mark that I have made in preceding Con-
gresses, that I really hope the Senate will be
a little careful how, at the suggestion of gen-
tlemen who may happen to have charge of par-
ticular bills, they make special appointments.
We lumber up our order of business regularly
every year by making special assignments ol
bills.
Mr. STEWART. If the bill can be consid-
ered a few moments now, I will withdraw my
motion and ask for its present consideration.
Mr. SOMNER. I hope that will not be done,
for I have not examined the bill, and I have
an amendment to move to it which 1 have not
yet prepared.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I really hope that
unless it is some bill of pressing impoitance,
gentlemen will not endeavor to have special
assignments. One overlaps the oiher, and we
get into infinite difficulty and confusion in the
order of business ; and unless some very spe-
cial reasons are given for taking up a bill at a
particular time, 1 really hope the Senate will
not set the example. If the. Senator had been
here as long as I have been, he would beaware
of the trouble, confusion, and difficulty arising
from these special assignments of particular
hills, lie can give notice that he will call up
the bill at a particular day.
Mr. STEWART. That will serve my pur-
pose. Several Senators desire to look into this
bill, and wish to know when it will come up.
Not wishing to take them by surprise. 1 give
notice now thai. 1 will call it up oil Tuesday
next.
The PRESIDENT) OFFICER, (Mr. Axtiioxy
in the chair.) 'flic Senator withdraws his mo-
tion.
Mr. SUMNER. Had the Senator better not
say Wednesday ?
M r. STFAV ,Y !.!T. 1 will say Wednesday. I
will let it stand until Wednesday, and I give
notice that, I shall call it up (hen.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The hill will
he laid aside.
_ jqtEHDMUX's liURH.UJ.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Sen-
ale proceed to the consideration of the unfin-
ished business of yesterday. It is not quite one
o'clock; but if we get engaged in some other
bill, very likely we shall not get through with
it by that time.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
00) to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau, the question being on the amendment
proposed by Mr. Hendricks to strike out in
the fifth and sixth lines of the iirst section the
words "shall continue in force until otherwise
provided by law and."
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. COWAN. I would suggest ail amend-
ment in the seventh lino of the first section.
The bill as it at present stands leads in this
wise: that the operations of this bureau and its
jurisdiction "shall extend to refugees andfreed-
meniuall parts of the United States." 1 propose
to amend that by inserting after the word " all"
the word "such," and after " United States"
the words "as have lately been in rebellion."
I have no idea of having this system extended
over Pennsylvania. I think that as to the freed-
men who make their appearance there, she will
be able to take care of them and provide as well
for them as any bureau which can be created
here. I wish to confine the operation of this
institution to the States which have been lately
in rebellion. I therefore move this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Penn-
sylvania will see that the effect of that would be
to exclude from the operation of the bureau the
State of Kentucky and the State of Delaware,
where the slaves have been emancipated by the
constitutional amendment. The operation of
the bureau will undoubtedly be ehieily confined
to the States where slavery existed; but it is a
fact which may not be known to the Senator
from Pennsylvania, that during this war large
numbers of slaves have fled to^ the northern
States bordering on slaveholding territory.
They congregated in very large numbers at
Cairo ; a good many of them upon the south-
ern borders of Indiana, and some in Ohio. The
people of those States are very unwilling to pro-
vide for and take care of these persons who come
there without any means at all, and it is neces-
sary for somebody to look after them. The
Freedmen's Bureau, I think, has already sent
some of its agents to these points, and has made
some disposition of them by procuring them
employment, or shipping them to oilier places,
to relieve the communities where they were from
the expense of maintaining them. It is with that
view that the bill is made to extend throughout
the country.
It is not supposed that the bill will have any
effect in the State ofPennsylvaniaorinthe State
of Illinois, unless it might, perhaps, be at Cairo,
where there has been a large number of these
refugees congregated without any means of sup-
port; they followed the Army there at differ-
ent times. And the same thing is true in Indi-
ana to some extent; and in Ohio. I do not _
know that there can be any objection to_ the
Freedmen's Bureau, which is organized with a
view of looking after the interests of these peo-
ple, sending one of its agents thereto aid them
in getting into positions where they can become
self-sustaining. The provision of the bill in
regard to holding courts, and some other pro-
visions, arc confined entirely to the rebellious
States, and will have no operation in any State
which was not in insurrection against this Gov-
ernment. I make this explanation to the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, and 1 think he will see
the necessity of the bureau going into Kentucky
and some of the other Slates, as much as into
any of the southern rebellious States.
Mr. COWAN. That may all be; I have not
had an opportunity to examine the bill exactly
in all its details. If it was only to operate for
the relief of the refugees, of course I suppose
there could be no valid objection to it; but the
operation of the original bill and this supple-
ment is much wider, and really intends to intro-
duce an imperium in Imperio. It carries with
it not only the power to relieve the refugee, but
also a police power which in my State would
be exceedingly objectionable; and that the mere
fact should be recognized for one instant that
it was to operate there, or might by any possi-
bility operate there, would be exceedingly mis-
chievous. and I am unwilling upon this floor,
and feel it utterly inconsistent with my duty to
my Slate, to allow any such thing to pass here.
Where the necessity for this institution exists,
let it be confined there, but let it not be extended
beyond. If there are any portions of the States
which have not been in rebellion where this juris-
diction is necessary, they should be accurately
defined, because this is an extraordinary juris-
diction, and one which trenches upon those pe-
culiar and acknowledged State rights which are
estimated very highly by all of us every v> here
one which ought not to be extended beyond the
limits of that necessity which begets its exist-
ence.
I do not see any better form in which to put
the amendment than the one in which I have
ii couched it; that is, where a State has been in
