1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1899
congregate at the time and place of this great
Exhibition.
But, sir, I rose to say a word or two upon
another point. During the progress of this
discussion some criticisms have been offered
by different gentlemen upon the action or dis-
position of the Navy Department in reference
to this Exhibition. My colleague [Mr. Basks]
has very properly and justly changed the second
section of the bill so as to provide for calling
upon the President of the United States instead
of the Secretary of the Navy to detail one or
more vessels for the conveyance of the products
of the industry of this country to France. 1
think, sir, that it is hardly a just criticism to
say that because the Secretary of the Navy has
hesitated to detail a vessel for this purpose, he
has therefore traveled out of the line of his
duty, or that he has necessarily manifested any
disapprobation of the employment to which the
vessel or vessels are to be appropriated. Gen-
tlemen will remember that while it is the prov-
ince of Congress to make appropriations of
money fcfr the establishment and maintenance
of a Navy Department, and to make rules for
the regulation of the Navy, yet the President
of the United States is the Commander-in-
Chief of the Army and the Navy after they have
been constituted under the authority of Con-
gress. I submit, therefore, that it is not within
the province of Conjress to direct the Secretary
of the Navy to order a vessel to any particular
service, whether naval or civil, because by the
Constitution of the United States authority to
do that is vested in the President as Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and the Navy.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Naval Affairs [Mr.
Rioe, of Massachusetts]—and upon his reply
my vote may depend—whether in his judg-
ment any such expense as that named in the
letter of the Secretary of the Navy, that is to say,
the sum of $o00,000, will attend the employ-
ment of a naval vessel for the service proposed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Well, Mr.
Chairman. I can only say in reply to that in-
terrogatory that I do not know how many ves-
sels would be required to perforin this service ;
nor have I gone into an investigation of the
probable cost of fitting out those vessels for
this purpose. But I will say, speaking from
my impressions and from my best judgment,
that no such sum as $300,000 would bo re-
quired to furnish the necessary transportation
for the products of American industry designed
for the Exhibition at Paris.
Mr. WHALEY. With the permission of the
gentleman from Massachusetts I will say that,
in my judgment, the most appropriate action
on the part of the Navy Department would be
to send fifty of the best gunboats that America
can produce.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I was stating,
Mr. Chairman, why, in my view, there is great
propriety in the amendment made by my col-
league. providing for requesting the President
of the United States to detail these vessels, in-
stead of directing the Secretary of the Navy to
do it. There is one other consideration which
I wish to suggest. The appropriations for the
naval service are made for specific departments
of that service; and it may be doubted whether
money appropriated for a specific object can,
by the authority of the Secretary of the Navy,
be devoted to some other object for which it "is
not appropriated.
This much I desired to say in defense of the
action of the Navy Department in reference to
this matter. I cordially approve of the \ essels
being furnished for this service. I think that
the President of the United States has full
authority to furnish them. I hope that Con-
gress will request him to furnish them ; I trust
that he will comply with this request; and I
hope that such a contribution of American
skill and industry will be sent across the water
as shall reflect credit, on the American nation,
and excite, as I doubt not it will, (he admira-
tion of mankind.
Mr. BANKS obtained the floor.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire
to address a single inquiry to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Rion.]
The CHAIRMAN. Does the gentleman from
Massachusetts [Mr. Banks] yield to the gen-
tleman from Illinois?
Mr. BANKS. No, sir. In order to termi-
nate debate, I move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa,
reported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 52, to provide for the ex-
penses attending the exhibition of the products
of industry of the United States at the Expo-
sition at Paris in 1807, had come to no resolu-
tion thereon.
Mr. BANKS. I move that when the House
shall again resolve itself into the Committee of
the Whole on this bill all general debate termi-
nate in one minute.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the rules be sus-
pended, and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson7", of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House joint resolution No.
52, to provide for the expenses attending the
exhibition of the products of industry of the
United States at the Exposition at Paris in
1807.
The CHAIRMAN. General debate by order
of the House will terminate on the pending joint
resolution in one minute.
Mr. BANKS. I ask that the vote may be
taken on the amendment to the first section
which 1 presented yesterday.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
After line seven, section one, insert:
i'lrst, to provide necessary furniture and fixtures
for the proper exhibition of the articles and product?
of the industry of the "United States, according to the
plan of the imperial comrmsMoneis.in that part of the
building exclusively assigned to t'no use of the United
States, $18,000.
Mr. BANKS. The words which I propose
to insert were accidentally omitted from the
joint resolution.
Mr. Chairman, it was the unanimous opinion
of the committee that by the acceptance of the
invitation of the French Government to par-
ticipate in this Exhibition we were bound to
make an appropriation to this extent at lea=t.
Those who were not in favor of accepting the
invitation agreed that we were bound to make
this appropriation, having accepted it.
With regard to the amount of the expenditure
for this exhibition, according to the officers of
the Government, it will amount to about one
hundred thousand dollars, and not a foliar
more than that. I will state thai, according
to the language of the resolution, no one will
be authorized in expending more than that sum
of money.
The pending amendment proposes to appro-
priate S±8,000 to provide necessary furniture
and fixtures for the same purpose for which
appropriations will be made by every other
Government that participates in this Exhibition.
It is to provide tables and cases and other fur-
niture necessary for the proper exhibition of
the articles and products of the iudustry of the
United Stales on the part of the people who
will go theie. Our Government will be, of
course, subjected to some expense. We have
six or eight times more room in the palace de-
signed for the Exhibition than wo have had in
any previous Exhibition. "We stand the eighth
on the list. Wo could have had our oivn space
if our Government had been authorized to ac-
cept the invitaiion when tendered. It was only
from the delay that occurred ihat the space was
cot down. I hope now that the committee will
come to a vote on the pending proposition.
Mr. SPALDING. I desire to ask the mover
of this resolution if he is willing to limit the
appropriation to $100,000.
Mr. BANKS. I am perfectly willing to do so.
Mr. WASHBUPNE, of Illinois. That does
not include all th* objects in reference to this
Exhibition on which the Government will be
compelled to expend money.
Mr. BANKS. We only ask for $100,000,
and that is all that the bill proposes to appro-
priate.
Mr. SPALDING. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts somewhere in the resolution to
insert such a proviso.
Mr. BANKS. I am perfectly willing to do so.
The question was taken and the amendment
was agreed to. ^
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to ask the gentle-
man ei single question in regard to this appro-
priation.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is not in order,
as there is no amendment pending.
The Clerk read, as follows ;
First. For the compensation of the principal agent
of the Exhibition in the United States, whose salary
for the period of his service shall be at the rate of
52,000 per annum.
Mr. BLAINE. For the purpose of asking a
question I move to strike that paragraph out.
1 observe that most of this money is to be ex-
pended in Paris. Indeed, it is all to be expended
in Paris except the little that it will cost for a
few clerks in New York city. Now, is it under-
stood that this appropriation is in currency or
in gold ?
Sir. BANKS. The appropriation is for
$100,000 in the currency of the country.
Mr. BLAINE. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I move to add at the
end of the paragraph which has just been read,
after line eieven. the following words:
Provided, That the period of such service shall not
exceed one year.
Mr. BANKS. I do not object to that amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHB URNE. of Illinois. I move to
amend by making it six months. That certainly
is long enough.
The amendment to the amendment was dis-
agreed to.
"Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to
amend by making it three months.
Mr. Chairman, I submit this amendment to
satisfy my sense of duty to my own constituents.
I do not expect to enlighten the country by
entering into a consideration of all the inter-
ests of our people. While I esteem as highly
as any gentleman anything that will promote
our happiness and prosperity, still I must be
allowed to entertain my own view of this matter.
Sir, when I heard the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts conclude his remarks by the sig-
nificant announcement that wc were to fight
the battles of our country in relation to a policy
which has burdened the conscience of every
member of this House by the solemn declara-
tion of fifty years; when I heard him say, in the
conclusion of his brilliant speech, that we should
fight these battles with our brains and not with
our cannon 
Mr. BANKS. No. sir.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Very nearly like
it at all events. I say when I heard this, and
when 1 heard the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymond] say we should bringaboutpeace
by a visit to the gi eat show at Paris, I thought I
knew what it meant and what the country would
understand it to mean. They will understand
that the uUcttle cordials exists between us and
France notwithstanding the apparent collision
in relation to Mexico ; that notwithstanding the
Fenians have our sympathy, and Ireland is en-
tering on a warfare for liberty, still we can
meet and shake hands with the dignitaries of
England at a show in the city of Paris. _ Gen-
tlemen may go there if they choose. I will not.
I concur with the sentiment of my friend from
Illinois T would send a baggage wagon in
order to inform the soldiers who seek to be
looked at by the representatives of the royal
families of Europe that we would much prefer
to see them in the long line of battle in Mexico.
