1400
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
March 14,
You may talk about ignoble economy. Ay,
talk about it when you have turned away hun-
dreds of my constituents with their broken limbs
and maimed bodies under the ignoble pretense
that you had not the money to pay them.
[Ilere the hammer fell.]
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Chairman 
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Do not in-
terrupt me for I do not write my speaches.
[Laughter. J
The CHAIRMAN. The gentleman's time
has-pxpirod.
Mr. BANKS. I am opposed to the amend-
ment of the gentleman from Illinois. An agent
at Now York is absolutely necessary to make
arrangements for tl# transportation of any
articles that may _be sent. I think a year's
limitation of time is proper, but I do not think
that three months is sufficient.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw my
amendment.
Mr. BAN KS. Before I took any part in the
consideration of this question, it occurred to
me that it might be asked what effect it would
have as to Mexico, and I applied to the leading
friends of the republic of Mexico in this city
and in New York to know what their opinion
was as to the effect upon the interests of the
republic of Mexico, and in every instance I
received an unqualified answer that it was for
their interest as it was for ours that our Gov-
ernment should be represented to the fullest
extent in that Exhibition.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How is it
with the Mexican minister?
Mr. BANKS. I have heard nothing from
him, sir. I speak of the friends of the repub-
lic of Mexico. I undertake to say when the
question between this country and France and
this country and Mexico shall come before the
House from the Committee on Foreign Affairs,
neither the gentleman from Illinois nor any
other member of the House will be left in
doubt whether the committee will be disposed
to maintain the rights of this country or not.
The CHAl LIU AN. Debate is exhausted on
the amendment.
Mr. SMITH. I move that the committee rise.
The motion was disagreed to.
The question being taken on the amendment
to the amendment, it was disagreed to.
The question was then taken on the amend-
ment of Mr. Coxki.ixc, and it was adopted.
The Clerk read the following:
Second, For the compensation of four clerks in
New York and iour clerks in Pari*:, whoso salaries
shall be as follows : one at $1,600, one at 81,400, and
two at 81,200 each.
.Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I move
to amend so that it shall not exceed six months.
There is no reason why the four clerks in New
York and Paris should be employed for an
entire year.
Mr. BANKS. I do not object to a limitation
for a year, but! do object to a limitation for
six months. I hope the amendment will not
prevail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. You ap-
propriate money to pay these men for one year
when they will only be employed for three
months.
Mr. DARLING. I move pro forma to strike
out "$1,200'' and insert "$1,300."
This section does not say anything as to the
time for which these clerks are to be employed.
It seems to be the intention of the committee
that these gentlemen shall receive the sums in-
dicated' whether they are employed for six
months or one year. That seems to me to be
improper. I withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I move to amend the amend-
ment by striking out • six months" and insert-
ing "one year."
Mr. STEVENS. I think the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Darling] is right. There is
nothing in this section as to the time for which
these clerks are to be employed.
The hour of half past four o'clock having
arrived, the Speaker resumed the chair; and
the House, in pursuance of order, took a re-
cess until half past seven o'clock p. m.
EVENING SESSION.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o'clock p. m.
leave of absence.
Mr. MERCUR. I ask leave of absence for
my colleague, Mr. Kelley, until Saturday
next.
There was no objection, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. ROSS. I ask leave of absence for Mr.
Dexison, of Pennsylvania.
There was no objection, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. LONGYEAR. I ask leave of absence
for myself for ten days.
There was no objection, and the leave of
absence was granted.
withdrawal of papers.
On motion of Mr. MERCUR, leave was
granted for the withdrawal from the files of the
House of the papers in the case of Hancock
and Foley. *
michigan railroad grant.
Mr. LONGYEAR, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill to extend the time for the re-
version to the United States of the lands granted
by Congress to aid in the construction of a rail-
road from Amboy, by Hillsdale and Lansing, to
some point on or near Traverse bay, in the
State of Michigan ; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Public Lands.
winnebago reservation.
On motion of Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, the
bill of the Senate No. 121, to provide for the
enlargement of the Winnebago reservation, in
the Territory of Nebraska, and for other pur-
poses, was taken from the Speaker'stable, read
a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on Indian Affairs.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. COBB, from the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that the committee had exam-
ined and found truly enrolled an act (H. R.
No. 15-1) to further secure American citizens
certain privileges under the treaty of Washing-
ton ; when the Speaker signed the same.
taxes on cartmen and iiackmen.
Mr. DARLING. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following reso-
lution :
Resolved, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to inquire into the expediency of pro-
viding by law for the repayment of taxes paid in
error by cartmcri and haekmen under an erroneous
construction of the internal revenue law.
Mr. STEVENS. I would inquire if the De-
partment have not that power now?
Mr. DARLING. I believe not. I under-
stand that they refuse to pay back this money.
The people of' this class are very poor, and
this tax falls very heavily upon them.
Mr. STEVENS. I am inclined to think they
have the power now.
Mr. DARLING. This is merely a resolu-
tion of inquiry.
Mr. STEVENS. I know they have recently
repaid to the banks that which the courts in
Pennsylvania decided that they had paid in
error.
Mr. DARLING. They may be willing to
pay back to rich banks, but I want them to pay
back to these poor parties.
The resolution was received, and agreed to.
milwaukee, wisconsin.
Mr. PAINE presented resolutions adopted
by a meeting of the citizens of Milwaukee,
Wisconsin, approving the course of Congress;
which were referred to the joint committee on
reconstruction.
tax on leaf tobacco.
Mr. TRIMBLE presented the following joint
resolutionsofthe General Assembly ofthe State
of Kentucky, remonstrating against the tax on
leaf tobacco; which were read, referred to the
Committee of Ways and Means, and ordered
to be printed.
1. Resolved by the General Assembly of the Common*
wealth of Kentucky, That the effort now being made
by certain manufacturers, dealers, and speculators
in tobacco to induce Congress to remove the present
tax on manufactured tobacco, and place it on the
leaf in the hands of the producer, will, if successful,
in the opinion of this General Assembly, be disas-
trous and ruinous in its effect upon the tobacco in-
terest of the country, and will greatly lessen the pro-
duction of this important staple in the State and
elsewhere, thereby cutting otf a prolific source of rev-
enue, both State and Federal, and in many ways
permanently injuring the production by planters of
this most important source of national wealth.
2. That the General Assembly respectfully but
earnestly remonstrate with Congress against the pro-
posed tax on leaf tobacco, and our Senators and mem-
bers of Congress are requested to use their influence
and vote against any law of the kind that may be
proposed.
3. That a copy of these resolutions be sent to each
of our Senators and Representatives in Congress.
II. TAYLOR,
SpeaJter ofthe lloy\r of Representatives.
RICHARD T. JACOB,
Speaker of the Senate*
Approved January 2i, 1866.
THOMAS E. BKAMLETTE.
Governor of Kentucky.
leave of absence.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS asked and obtained
leave of absence for his colleague, Mr. Phelps,
for to-morrow.
Mr. LE BLOND. I desire to state that the
gentleman from Wisconsin, Mr. Eldhidge, has
been for two days past confined to his room by
illness.
printing of testimony.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, from the
joint committee on reconstruction, reported
additional testimony taken by that committee;
which was laid upon the table, and ordered to
be printed with the testimony heretofore re-
ported by that committee.
kittanning bank.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia, from the
Committee on Banking and Currency, made an
adverse report upon the petition of the KiMan-
ning Bank of Kittanning, Pennsylvania, for
conversion into a national bank or relief from
taxation as a State bank; which was laid upon
the table, and ordered to be printed.
b. bibo.
On motion of Mr. PERITAM, the Commit-
tee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of B.
Bibo ; and the same was referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs.
equalization of bounties.
On motion of Mr. PERHAM, the Commit-
tee on invalid Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of sol-
diers of Erie county, New York, for equaliza-
tion of bounties; and the same was referred to
the Committee on Military Affairs.
Mr. PERHAM. The Committee on Invalid
Pensions, to which was referred the petition of
ten thousand citizens of the State of Indiana
for bounties and increase of pensions, have in-
structed me to report, that the committee have
provided for so much of the subject of the peti-
tion as relates to increase of pensions by a bill
which has been presented; and they have fur-
ther instructed me to move that so much of the
petition as relates to bounties be referred io
the Committee on Military Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
extra printing op documents.
Mr. LAFLIN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution for action at
this time:
Resolved, _ That the Committee on Printing be in-
structed to inquro into the expediency of the passage
of a joint resolution providing that no resolution or-
dering the printing of extra copies of books, docu-
ments, reports, or any other thing to be printed at
the public expense when the estimate cost siiail ex-
ceed the sum of 810,000 shall be passed except by tho
action of both Houses of Congress.
Mr. SPALDING. I object.
t. kirby.
Mr. GRIDER, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill granting a pension to T. Kirbyj
