1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ancona, Anderson,
Delos R. Ashley, Baker, Banks, JBarker, Baxter, Ben-
jamin, Bidwoll, Bingham, Boutwcll, Boyer, Brom-
woll. -Broomall, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cul-
lom, Defrees, Delano, Driggs,Eggleston, Lldndge,
Eliot, Farrisworth, Farquhar, I orry, Finck, Garfield,
Glossbrenner, Abner C.Harding, Hart, Hayes, Higby,
Holmes, Hotcbkiss, Chester D. Hubbard,. James R.
IXubbell, Ingersoll, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr,
Keteham, Koontz, Kuykcndall, Lafhn, George V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch,
shall, Marston, McClure, McCulloch. Morciir. Mil-
ler, Morrill, Morris, Myers, ft owcll, Niblack, 0 Neill,
Orth, Paine, Patterson, Perham, Phelps 1 lantg,
Price, Radford. Alexander II. Rice, John II. ttiee.
Bitter, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Schcnck,Scofleld,
Shanklin. Sliellulv.rgcr, Stokes, labor, Na. ham el G.
Taylor, Nelson Taylor, John L. Tliomas Uiomton,
Trimble. Van Aernara .Robert E. Van Horn, Ward,
Welker.Wentworth.Whn; oy Williams. Jamcsl.Wil-
son, Stenhcn F. Wilson, \Vinfield, and Wiisht-101.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, .Beaman, Blaine, Blow, Brandsgee, Buck-
land, Bundy, Chanler, Reader W.Clarke, Cook, Cul-
ver Darling Davis, Dawes,Dawson, Dcminar, J)on-
ison, Dixon, Dodse, Donnelly, Dumont, Eekley,
Goodyear, Grider, GrinneU, Gnswold, Hale. Aaron
Harding, Henderson, Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, Demas Hubb.nd, John H.IIubbard, EdwinN.
Hubbcll, Hulburd, Humphrey, Jones Kelso, Long-
year, Marvin, Maynard, Mclndoe, MeKee, McKuer,
\ r 1 i \T 11 Tl.l On v>-s„ /\1 T 1? /i 1 1
Moan, fomun, oc-.n, r:ui vvyn, -lum yt,!,x i
Trowbridge, Upson, Burt Van Horn, Warner, Jlihu
B.Washburne, Henry D.W ashburn, W illiamB.W ash-
burn, Windom, and Wood bridge—71.
So the report was rejected.
Mr. WENTWORTH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the House disagreed to the
report of the conference committee; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON", of Iowa. I move that the
House do further insist upon its disagreement
to the Senate's amendments, and ask for another
committee of conference.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is it not in order to move
to lay the bill on the table?
The SPEAKER. It is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I move to lay it on the
table; and on that I call the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question being taken, it was decided in
the negative—yeas 12, nays 9G, not'voting fift;
as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Elilridge, Harris, Hogan, Johnson,
I,o Blond, Loftwich, Niblaek, Nicholson, Ross, bhank-
lin. Strouse, and Trimble—12.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Anderson, Delos
R. A.-hley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Baxter, Benja-
min, Bercen, Binsham, Boutwell, Boyer, BromwcU,
Broomall, Cobb, Conkling, Cooper, Cullom, Defrees,
Driggs, Eckley. Eggleston, Ehot. larnsworth, lar-
qubar, Perry, Finck, Garfield, (jlossbrenner. Ahner
<J. Harding, Hart, Ilayes, Iligby, Holmes, Hotchkiss,
Chester 1). Hubbard, James R. Hubbcll, Ingersoll,
Jcnckes, Julian, Kasson, Kelley, Kerr, Keteham,
Koontz, Knvkendall. Laflin, Latham, George v.
Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch, Mar-
shall, Marston, MeCIurg, Mercur, Miller, Moornead,
Morrill, Morris, Myers*, Newell, O'Neill. Orth, Paine,
Patterson, Perham, Phelps, Plants, Price, Radford,
Alexander H. Bice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck.'SeoQeld, ShelUbargcr, Stevens, btokos, la-
bor, Nathaniel G.Taylor, John L. Thomas, Ihorn-
ton, Van Aernam, Burt \ an Horn, Robert I. /\ an
Horn, Ward, Welker, Wentworth, Vhaley, Wil-
liams, James F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and
■\y i n fi e 1 d—^0
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M.
Ashley, Baldwin, Beaman, Bidwell, Blaine, Blow,
Bnmdegee. Buckland, Bundy, Ohanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Culver, Darling,Davis,
Dawes, Dawson, Delano, Doming, Denison, D1X911,
Dodge, Donnelly. Dumont, Goodyear, Grider, Gnn-
nHl, Griswold. Hale, Aaron Harding, Henderson,
Hill, Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard, Demns Hubbard,
John H. llubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Humphrey, Jones, Kelso, Lon?year, Marvm, May-
nard, McCullough, Mclndoe, McKee, McRuer,Moul-
ton, Noell, Pike, Pomeroy, Samuel J. Randall, \\i\-
liam II. Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Sit-
greave?, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stilwcll, N el-
son Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, irowbndge,
Upson, Warner, Elihu B. Wasshburne, Henry D.
Washburn, William B.Washburn, AVindom, Wood-
bridge, and Wright—168.
So the bill was not laid on the table.
Mr. FARNSWORTIi. t1 desire to offer some
instructions to the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will hear the
PrjFi\SFARNSAVORTH. I move the follow-
ing instructions:
That the committee be instructed to insist upon a
provision which shall secure $100 additional bounty
fn ("Vrmf soldiers who served during the first years 01
the w ir Ion"- enough to entitle them to the 8100 bounty
udder the laws and orders then existing.
Mr. GARFIELD. "While I think that is very
proper, I am sure the Senate would riot enter
into any conference if the committee of the
House should go there trammeled by any in-
structions. There have been repeated refusals
to go into a conference on the ground that it
would not be a free conference where one of
the parties was hampered by instructions.
Mr. FARN"SWOKTH. During my recol-
lection this practice has prevailed to a consid-
erable extent. I have known several instances
of it.
The SPEAKER. The Senate made the
point at the last Congress that it was not a
free conference.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I cannot yield to
allow that.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the motion that the House insist
and ask for another tiommittee of conference
was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote just taken ; and also moved to lay the
motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER appointed as the new com-
mittee of conference, Messrs. Wilson of Iowa,
Banks, and Niblack.
army bill.
Mr. PARNSWORTH, from the committee
of conference on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the Army bill, submitted the
following report:
The committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses of Congress upon the amend-
ment of the Senate to the substitute of the House to
the bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the military
peace establishment of the United States, having
met, after a full and free conference have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows: .
That the House reccdo from their disagreement to
the amendment of the Senate, and agree to the same
with the following amendments, namely:
Section one, line three, strike out twelve and
insert "ten." , , t, . .. ,
Section three, line three, strike out six and
"three" and insert "four" and 4 two;" line seven-
teen strike out "four of the companies from each
regiment" and insert "any portion of the cavalry
f°Scction four, line seven, strike out "five" and in-
sert "four;" line eight, after the word, men, insert
" and four regiments, ot ten companies each, to be
raUed and officered a? hereinafter provided for, to be
called the Veteran Reserve corps. At the end o!
section four insert: "the Veteran Reserve corps
shall be officered by appointment from any officers
and soldiers of volunteers, or of the regular Army,
who have been wounded in th e line ot their duty while
sorvin"in the Army of the United States m the late
war, and who may yet be competent for garrison or
other duty, to which that corps has heretofore been
assigned." .
Section six, line three, strike out utwo"andinsert
"one;" lines four and five strike out one regi-
mental company." . . _
Insert at the end of section eight: it shall be com-
petent to enlist men for the service who have, been
wounded in the lino of their duty while serving in
the Army of the United States, provided it shall be
found on medical inspection that by such wounds
they arc not unfitted for garrison orother light duty ;
and sneh men when enlisted shall be assigned to ser-
vice exclusively in the regiments ot tue v eteran lie-
serve corps." In the same section, after the word
"years," in line three, insert "for cavalry, and three
years for artillery and infantry."
Sectionseven, strike out all to the word academy,
inclusive, in line four, and in lieu thereof insert:
"that fifteen bands, including the band at the Mil-
itary Academy, may be retained, or eniistefl m the
Army, with such organisation as is now provided by
law, to be assigned to brigades in time of war, anu in
time of peace to assembled brigades or to torts or
posts at which the largest number of troops^hnll be
ordinarily stationed; and the band at th© Military
Academy shall be placed on the same looting as other
Sectionfourteen,linefive, strikeout cavalry and
insert "infantry." , , , . , f„
At the end of section thirteen insert: but after
the first appointments made under the provisions of
this section, as vacancies may occur m the grades ot
major and captain in this department, no appoint-
ments to fill the same shall be made until the num ber
of majors shall be reduced to twelve and the number
of captains to thirty; and thereafter the number of
officers in each of said grades shall continue to con-
form to said reduced numbers." It
Section seventeen, strike out all to the word cav-
alry," in line sixteen, and in lieu thereof insert:
"that the medical department of the Army shall
hereafter consist of one surgeon general, with the
rank, pay, and emoluments of a brigadier general;
one. assistant surgeon general, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of a colonel of cavalry; one chief
medical purveyor and four assistant medical purvey-
ors, with the rank, pay, and emoluments of lieuten-
ant colonels of cavalry, who sball give the sa,me
bonds which a,re or may berequired ot assistant pay-
masters general of like grade, and sball, when not act-
ing 'as purveyors, be assignable to duty as surgeons
by the President; sixty surgeons, with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of majors of cavalry? one hundred
and fifty assistant surgeons, with the rank, pay, and
emoluments of first lieutenants of cavalry', for the
first three years' service, and with the rank, pay,
and emoluments of captains of cavalry after three
years' service; and five medicalstore-kebp'ers, with
the same compensation as is now provided bylaw;
and all the original vacancies in the grade of' assist-
ant surgeon shall be filled by selection by examina-
tion from among the personswho haveserved as staff
or regimental surgeoYis or assistant surgeons of vol-
unteers in the Army 01 the United States two years
during the late war; and persons who havo served as
assistant surgeons three "years in the volunteer ser-
vice shall be eligible for promotion to the grade of
captain." .
Section twenty-one, lmo nine, strike out sixteen
and insert "thirteen."
Section twenty-four, strike out all after the word
"act," in line sixteen, and insert, "shall be entitled
in caso of passing the examination, and being ap-
pointed or commissioned, to receive mileage from the
place of his residence to the placc of examination,
or such portion of that distance as he may actually
travel, the same as is paid to officers traveling under
orders, but there shall be paid no other compensa-
tVSection twenty-seven, line seven, strike out "and
directed" and "non-;"line eight, strike out other.
Section twenty-eight, after the word States, m
line six, insert "or of either of the States m insur-
rection." . , ,4 , .
At the end of section twenty-nine insert, ana .
officers of the regular Army who have also held com- 1
miaaionsas officers of volunteers, or commanded vol- •.
untecrs, shall not on that account be held to bo vol- •
untecrs under the provisions ot this act."
At the end of scction thirty-five insert, Provided,
That no officer who is furnished with quarters m kind
shall be entitled to receive the increased commuta-
tion of rations hereby authorized."
Section thirty-six, strike out all after the word,
"that," in the first line, to the word "and," inclu-
sive,in the sixth line. In line nine, strike out are
and insert "is." . „ A 4l ^
Insert as a new section, !No. 37: that the Secre-
tary of War be, and he is hereby, directed to have
prepared, and to report to Congress at its next ses-
sion, a code of regulations for the government ot the
Army and of the militia in actual service, which shall
embrace all necessary orders and forms of a general
character for the performance of all duties incumbent
upon officers and men in themilitaryservice, includ-
ing rules for the government of courts-martial; the
existing regulations to remain in force until Congress
shall have acted on said report."
HENRY WILSON,
IIIA HARRIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
J. F. FARNSWORTH,
NELSON TAYLOR,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. FABNSWORTH. I will explain this
matter if members will give me their atten-
tion. With two or three exceptions this ia the
House bill substantially. The bill as reported
by the committee of conference provides for
forty-five regiments of infantry, ten regiments
of cavalry, and five of artillery, making in all
sixty regiments l'or the military establishment.
The forty-five regiments of infantry are com-
posed of ten old regiments with their pres-
ent organization, twenty-seven regiments to
be formed from the battalions now existing by
adding two new companies to each battalion,
four colored regiments and four V eteran Re-
serve regiments. One principal ground of
contest between us and the Senate has been
with reference to the Veteran Reserve corps.
The House bill provided for ten Veteran Re-
servo regiments; the Senate bill for none. The
Senate was very loath to concede anything in
this regard. All I can say is, the best we
could do was to get the committee on the part
of the Senate to join with us in recommend-
ing four regiments of Veteran Reserves. The
House bill provides for five regiments of col-
ored troops ; we have cut it down to four. 1 he
Senate bill provided for twelve regiments ot
cavalry; six now being in existence and six
to be raised, three of the latter to be colored,
and three white. We have come down to ten
regiments of cavalry, fournew ones to be raised,
two of which are to be colored, with the pro-
vision that any portion of the cavalry force may
"be drilled, armed, and equipped as foot soldiers, „
at the discretion of the President. \v ith ref-
erence to the officers of the Veferan Reserve
corps thev are placed on the same looting as
other disabled officers, no better, no worse.
In officering these four regiments other dts-
