1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3321
eases of that description, and this amendment
of the committee was intended to reach them.
Mr. CONNESS. How can you distinguish
between the two ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. By the returns that are
made, very easily; there is no trouble about
that; it is pretty well understood at the Comp-
troller's office. I really do not think it would
be fair to make banks like those described by
the Senator from Vermont pay this heavy tax
upon the circulation that they cannot get in
unless they receive the new circulation to re-
place it, which they are not permitted to do.
That I understand now to be the Senator's
idea.
Mr. EDMUNDS. That is the point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But I am not quite
satisfied that the language of the Senator's
amendment is correct. 1 suggest whether it
is not better to pass it by for the present, and
let us look at it afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I have no objection to
that course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the words "or
shall bo" ought to be struck out of the amend-
ment of the committee, because if State banks
are hereafter converted into national banks,
they should have some time allowed to get
their new circulation and to draw in their old.
I suggest that we strike out those words, and
then correct the provision further, if it shall
bo found to need correction, when we get the
bill into the Senate.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I had a little rather not
do that. I am willing to let (he whole amend-
ment be laid aside for consideration.
Mr. FKSSENDEX. The particular amend-
ment may be passed over.
Mr. EDMUXDS. 1 suggest that by unani-
mous consent the amendment of the commit-
tee and my amendment to that, amendment be
passed over informally to betaken up again for
consideration.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That can bo
done if there bo no objection.
Mr. FESSHNDEN. I dislike to pass over
an amendment for fear that it may be forgot-
ten. I hope the Senator will let the amend-
ment of the committee be agreed to now, and
he can make his motion afterward.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I thought it was the sug-
gestion of the Senator from Maine that I was
acceding to when [ proposed to lay the amend-
ment aside ; but [ do not think that 1 ought to
be asked to waive my amendment for the time
being, because if wo agree to the amendment
of tlie committee as it stands without my amend-
ment 
Mr. FFSSEND*EN. If the Senator desires
to take a vote on his proposition now, 1 shall
have to vote against it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I cannot help thai ; the
Senator from Maine votes on his own responsi-
bility and I vote on mine. I cannot consent
to see an act of injustice of this kind done
without endeavoring to prevent it. Having
made the effort I shall have done my duty.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Vermont to the amendment of the committee.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 11, nays HO; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Jiuekalcw, Clark, Davis,
Edmunds, Fostor, J Ltrris, Henderson, Morrill, Po-
land, and StV—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conncss, Crnsrin,
Fosfiendon, Urlnn-s, Gulhrfc, Howard, Howe, Ivirk-
wood, iUorjran, liamsey, Sherman, Siewnrf, Trum-
bull, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and
Yates—20.
ABSENT—Mosmt. Cowa.ii, Crcswell, Dixon, Doo-
Iitt/o, Jioiidt'icks, Jolmpon, Lane of Indiana, Tjime
of Kansas, JIcDoukiiII, Ncbmith, Norton, Nye.l'om-
erov, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, Wilson, and
Wright -18.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to amend
the amendment of the committee by striking
jut the words "or shall be" before "eon-
verted.J f
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask the Senator from
Maine the reason for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is, that if
a bank should be converted hereafter, it ought
to have some time allowed before the three per
cent, tax is imposed on its circulation.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Very well.
The amendment to the amendment was
adopted.
The amendment of the committee as amended
was agreed to.
The Secretary read the following clauses, to
which no amendment was reported:
That section one hundred and eleven be amended
by inserting after the words "proprietors, managers,
or accents of lotteries" the words "and all lottery tickot
dealers."
That section one hundred and fourteen be amended
by inserting after the word " periodically," in thofirst
scntcnco of said section, the words "or otherwiso, or
publishing any guides almanac, catalogue, directory,
or any other paper or book."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the Clerk reads
the next clause which begins that portion of
the bill relative to income, perhaps it will save
some time if I make a statement for the action
of the Senate. The income tax has been as-
sessed fov the present year on lastycar's income,
and the changes proposed by the House of
Representatives cannot go into operation until
next year, after we shall have had another
session of Congress, when this matter can be
more carefully revised ; and as it is late in the
session, and the House of Representatives pro-
pose many changes, (he committee came to
the conclusion that it would be better for this
session to let the income (ax stand as it is, as
the provisions proposed by the House would
not affect anything in relation to the eollecuou
this year. There is, however, one provision
which the committee thought ought to be made,
and that will be found on pages 134 and 13"),
covering one case which we think ought to bo
provided for. Although f do not know that
that can be operative this year, it can do no
harm to make the provision.
Mr. SHEI'MAN". It may be enforced this
year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. ft may possibly be,
and therefore that amendment is reported. If
the Senate agree to let the income tax stand
as it is for this year, as it has been assessed,
and the time lias gone by when anything could
be done in regard to it, making the single ex-
ception which I have stated, the reading of all
those pages which the committee propose to
strikeout may be dispensed with.
The PRESIDING OKFJCElt. If no Sen-
ator calls for the reading of the clauses pro-
posed to be stricken out, the question will be
put on striking out all from line twenty-nine
hundred and forty-eight to line thirty-one hun-
dred and seven, without reading them, and to
insert in lieu of those clauses what will now
be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be inserted, as follows :
That f/'ction one hundred and sixteen bo amended
bv inserting afler the word-* "on the excess over
$5,001)" the following: and alike tax shall be levied,
collected, and paid annually upon the gains, proiit\
and income; of evcry_ trade, or profc-dou
carried on in the Uniu-d States by persons residing
without the United ^tate-s not oir'.oiu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine of the bill, as follows :
That'scetion one hundred and nineteen be amended
by staking out all alter the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: thai the duties
on income: herein imposed shall bo levied on the l^t
day yf May, rnd be due and payable on or betoie
the :/)th day of .Jmie, in c,i' h ycai, until and includ-
ing the year 1K70, and no loncrer: and to any sum or
sums annually due and unpaid all er the 30th of June,
as aforesaid, and for ten days after notice and de-
mand thereof by the collector, there shall be levied
in addition iherefo the sum of ten per cent, on the
amount of duties unpaid, as a penalty, except from
the estates of deceased or insolvent persons.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause, in line thirty-one hundred
and sixteen, by strikin g out the word '4 duties''
and inserting '•taxes/'
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
That section one hundred and twenty be amended
by striking out the proviso to said section and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: Provided, That
the tax or duty upon the dividends of life insurance
companies shall not be deemed due until such div-
idends are payable: nor shall the portion of pre-
miums returned by mutual lifo insurance companies
to their policy holders, nor the annual or semi-annual
interest allowed or paid to the depositors in savings
bunks, or savings institutions, bo considered as divi-
dends.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause, in line thirty-one hundred
and twenty-nine, by striking out after the word
"tax" the words "or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause, as foil o ws:
That scction ono hundred and twenty-three be
amended by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting in lieu thereof the following:: that
there shall bo levied, collected, and paid on all sala-
rios of officers, or payments for services to persons in
the civii, military, naval, or other employment or
servico of the United States, including Senator .mil
Representatives and Delegates in Congress, when
exceeding the rate of §1,000 per annum, a tax of fivo
percent, on the excess above the said bi,UU0, and a
tax of ten per cent, on the excess over $3,000: and it
shall be the duty of all paymasters and all disbursing
officers, under the Government of the United States,
or persons in the employ therew, when making any
payment to any officers or persons as aforesaid, or
upon settling and adjusting the accounts of such offi-
cers or persons, to deduct and withhold tho aforesaid
duly of fivo per cent., and tlicy shall, at tho samo
time, mako a certificate stating tho name of the offi-
cer or person from whom such deduction was made,
and the amount thereof, which shall be tian&mitted
to tho office of tho Commissioner of Internal Kcve-
nuc, and entered as part of the internal duties; and
tho j>ay-roll, receipts, or account of officers or persons
paving such duty, as aforesaid, shall be made to ex-
hibit tiio fact, of such payment. And it shall he the
duty of tho several Auditors of the Treasury Depart-
ment, when auditing the accounts of any paymaster
or di.-bursing officer, or any officcv withholding his sal-
ary from moneys leceived by him, or when settling
or adjusting the account-* of any such officer, to re-
quire evidence that the duties or taxes mentioned in
this sect ion havebecn deducted and paid over to tho
Commissioner of Internal Itevenue or other officer
authorized to receive the same: Prooidc^, That pay-
ments of pme nmney shall be regarded as income
from salaries, and the duty thereon shall be adjusted
and collected in like manner: ProvidedJurther, That
this section shall not apply to payments made to
mechanics or laborers employed upon public works.
Tho Committee on Finance reported several
amendments to this clause. The first was in
line thirty-one hundred and forty-three to strike
out the words "one thousand" and to insert
u six hundred."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is to leave the
J^lw as it is now.
The amendment v,'as agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-one
hundred and forty-live to strike out lk one thou-
sand" and insert <;six hundred."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-one
hundred and fifty-two to strike out the words
"duty of five percent." and to insert the word
u tax."
The amendment war* agreed to.
Mr. VAN "WINKLE, fn line thirty-one hun-
dred and fifty-pt^ en the word duties" should
be stricken out and ''taxes" in«o;U?d. and in
line thirty-onehundred and fifty-nine the wend
Uduly'1 should be changed to "tax."
The PUESIDINO OFFICER. Tho«c cor-
rections will bo made unless there be objection.
The next amendment was in hue thirty-one
hundred and sixt>-five to stiikc out ''duties
or'1 before u taxes," and in line thirty-one
hundred and seventy to strike out the word
"duty" and insert "tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike oat the
proviso at the end of the clause, in these words:
Provider! further, That thhsection shall not apply
to payments mad** to mcehanicsorlaborers employed
upon public works.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary road the next clause, as follows :
That section one hundred and iwoty-fonr be
amended by adding thereto the folhn/imr additional
proviso: Provided further. That an> h'g.'cy or i-n^ro
of personal property parsing as <ihm <aid to u minor
child of the person wiio died po;s" ,(«d as aiou*aid
shall be exempt from taxation or duty und-T tins
section, unless suel^ legacy or hare f-hall exeecd the
sum of £1,000, in which v.;"e too excels only above
that sam shall he liable to aeh taxation or duty.
The Oommiitee on Finance piop'^ed <<>
amend this clause, in lino thirty-one hundred
