1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
im
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
mllst julia francis.
On motion of Mr. PAT^TE, the Committee
on Invalid Pensions was discharged from the
further consideration of the petition of Jlrs.
Julia Francis for a pension ; the Committee on
Pensions having decided since the petition was
referred to the committee to grant her a pen-
sion.
quarantine in new york.
Mr. TABER, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directed fo
communicate to this House what effect, in his opin-
ion,will be produced on the navigable waters of New
York harbor, by the erection of a quarantine station
on the shoal known as West Bank in said harbor: and
whether such location, owing to its exposed situation,
will not render it impracticable to erect the docks and
wharves required tor such a station at which vessels
may be safely moored.
fishery and water culture.
The SPEAKEB laid before the House the
following message from the President:
To the Senate and House of Representatives :
I transmit, for your consideration, a copy of
a communication from the minister of the Uni-
ted States at Paris,-in regard to a proposed
exhibition of fishery and water culture to be
held at Archacon, near Bordeaux, in France,
in July next.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, March 12, 1866.
On motion of Mr. BANKS, the message and
accompanying document were referred to the
Committee on Foreign Affairs, ^nd ordered to
be printed.
message i'rom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by ilr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
agreed to the amendment of the House to the
bill (S. No. 33) in relation to the Court of
Claims.
It also informed the House that the Senate
had concurred in the joint resolutions (H. E.
No. 84) for the relief of the sufferers by the
late explosion at the United States arsenal in
the District of Columbia.
Tt also announced that the Senate had passed
bills of the following titles, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested:
A bill (S. No. 126) entitled "An act grant-
ing lands to aid in the construction of a rail-
road and telegraph line from the city of Placer-
ville, in the Stale of California, to the most
feasible point of intersection with the Pacific
railroad in the State of Nevada.
A bill (S. No. 105) entitled "An act to
grant the right of way to the Cascade Railroad
Company through a military reserve in Wash-
ington Terri tory ;!'
A bill (S. No. 181) entitled "An act for the
relief of Emma J. Hall;" and
A bill (S. No. loo) entitled " An act con-
cerning the boundaries of the State of N evada.''
rev. 3?. r. van iioxton.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted, from the Committee of Claims, an ad-
verse report upon the memorial of Kev. P. R.
Van Houton, of Tennessee, for compensation
for property destroyed by the Union Army
during the late war; which was laid on the
table, and ordered to be printed.
jethro boxney.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, also
submitted, from the Committee of Claims, an
adverse report upon the petition of Jethro Bon-
ney, of New York, for compensation for loss
and destruction of property at the battle of
Plattsburg in 1814 ; which was laid on the table
and ordered to be printed.
francis a. gibbons.
Mr. DELANO, by unanimous consent, re-
ported, from the Committee of Claims, a bill
for the relief of Francis A. Gibbons, of Balti-
more, Maryland; which was read a first and
second time, ordered to be printed, and, on
motion,of Mr. Delano, recommitted to the
Committee of Claims.
paris exposition again.
Mr. BANKS moved that the rules be sus-
pended. and that the House resolve itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, in the chair,) and resumed
the consideration of House joint resolution No.
52, to provide for the expenses attending the
exhibition of the products of industry of the
United States at the Exposition at Paris in
1807.
The pending question was upon the amend-
ment of Mr. Banks to the amendment of Mr.
Washbuiixh, of Illinois.
The amendment of Mr. Washburne, of Illi-
nois, vftis read, as follows :
Insert at the end of line fifteen on page 2, the fol-
lowing :
Provided, That the period of their services shall not
excced six months.
Mr. Banks's amendment to the amendment
was read, as follows:
Amend the amendment by striking out " six
months" and inserting " one year."
Mr. CONKLING-. I think that the movers
of these amendments will find, on examining
the section, that neither of the amendments
will accomplish the purpose contemplated.
The amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
Mr. CONKLING-. I move, as an amendment
to the amendment, to insert after the words
"as follows" in the section, the following
words:
At the rate of $1,200 per annum: Provided, That the
term of service and compensation of such clerksshall
not exceed one year.
I wish to say that my colleague was right in
suggesting that, as the bill stands, these clerks
are" to be paid $1,600 or SI,400 whether they
work three days or three weeks or three months
or three years—a proposition certainly unjust
either to them or to the Government—unjust
to them if their term of service should be longer
than is anticipated ; unjust to the Government
if it should belfeortpr. I think, Mr. Chairman,
that SI ,200 a year for all these clerks, both
those who are to remain in New York and those
who are to make the tour of at least a part of
the continent at the public expense, is sufficient
compensation.
Mr. DARLING. Mr. Chairman, $1,200
may be enough for the clerks at Paris, but it is
not enough for the clerks at New York city,
'file latter have not the attractions and the
privileges which surround the former. Yi e
ought therefore to make a distinction between
them, if there is to be a reduction of the salary
fixed by the joint resolution. I do not regard
the salary of 81,400 as too much for clerks at
New York. The clerks at Paris will be ena-
bled to enjoy all the attractions of the Exhibi-
tion at Paris, while the clerks at New York
will have nothing but hard work. I therefore
oppose the amendment of my colleague.
Mr. FARNS WORTH. What are the clerks
in New York to do while the Exhibition is
going on at Paris? *
Mr. DARLING. I am not a member of the
Committee oil Foreign Affairs, and do not pro-
pose to go into a general discussion ot the joint
resolution. I can only give my mere opinion.
I suppose the clerks in New York are to take
an account of the names of the exhibitors and
the goods and their character which may be
sent to this French Exposition. It is necessary
to have a clerical force there, and the provision
is in entire harmony with the rest of the joint
resolution.
Mr. BANKS. T desire to say a word. The
clcrks in this country will have to carry on a
correspondence with all of the States of the
Union, and with exhibitors applying for space
for.the exhibition of their goods. There is a
large amount of clerical work to be clone.
They have to arrange in reference to the space,
to keep a record of the goods and exhibitors,
and other work. There will be abundance of
work both for the clerks here as well as those
in Paris.
The question was taken on Mr. Coxklihg'3
amendment, and it was agreed to.
Mr. O'NEILL. I move to amend by adding
a proviso to the end of the fifteenth line of the
first section, that the clcrks to be appointed
shall not.be selected exclusively from the State
of New York.
Mi-. Chairman, I am in favor of the general
details of this joint resofttion, and believe the
country will fully indorse its passage by Con-
gress. We represent a people skilled in the
mechanical arts, devoted to industrial pursuits,
and very apt at invention, "who do not fear to
compete with the whole world. There will be
great anxiety as the time for holding this In-
ternational Exhibition draws near among many
of our inventors, if the means are afforded them
which the chairman of the Committee on For-
eign Affairs designs shall be, to send abroad
their inventions, who perhaps v^oukl not be able
to do so unless the Government furnished ves-
sels for transporting them. I am satisfied that
men of science and taste and cultivation and
those engaged in mechanical and agricultural
pursuits are looking forward to the passage of
the joint resolution, and I am sure that the ex-
pense to be incurred will be so small in com-
parison with the benefit to be derived that our
favorable action to-day will be highly com-
mended.
I will ask the Clerk to read the petition of
the students of the Polytechnic College of the
State of Pennsylvania, which has betn sent to
me. They are young gentlemen from many of
the States of the Union, who. to a great extent,
after having passed through a collegiate course,
are now pursuing scientific studies and perfect-
ing themselves in certain branches of the arts.
Their petition eovcrs the whole ground, and I
ask for it the attention of the House.
The Clerk read, as follows :
To the honorable the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States of America in Congress
asxembled :
"\Vc, the uudeisioned, eighty students of the Poly-
technic CollegeoflheState oi Pennsylvania, at Phil-
adelphia, coming from many Statesof theUnion, and
now pursuing here the study of practical science,
resoecifully represent: , .
That a toll and general exhibition of toe varied
products of American industry at the Universal
Exposition in Paris, in 1S_07, should be the earnest
desire of every American citizen.
That as much damage has been done to the na-
tional credit by the misrepresentations in Europe of
the state of our workt-liops and manufactories, our
contributions should be such as to show to the world
the enterprise and prosperity of American manmac-
turing communities
That as a nation we are undoubtedly the first m
inventive ir^nuv. and that the space nnpropihtcd to
the United btatesby the >'rench eommis^oner should,
therefore, be filled with samples of our most improved
implements in every department ot manuiactuiing
hut u .-try. . ,
That our innumerable agricultural machines, in
the perfection of which we are e^pceia'Uy in advance
of the European nation?, should bo vsell represented.
That our contributions oi scientific and industrial
interest-. many of winch will be finished in the most
ysev'eet manner,, should be so transported that they
will arrive without injury. ,
That if the cost ot transporting objects from this
country to lYanec is to be lidded to_ that ot making
and vvepaiui? themfor the Exposition, many Araer-
ienn manufacturers will be deterred from cxnibiting,
and tile skill and inventive senilis of our country will
not bo moperly repiesented; while. it public piovlo-
ion be at cute made for the gratuitous conveyance
across the ocean of the contributions of exhibitors,
and information of tlio fact be published tn season,
a \ ei-y largo addition to thenumber and value ot such
contributions may be confidently expected.
Your petitioners tucrciore ptayyon tlrnt autlaoi
itv be given, without delay, to the honorable ^Secre-
tary of the Xavy to commission a national vessel 01
approved construction for the purpose oi transpcnt-
ing the contributions of American cit'jens free of
eharae to the Vuivcisal Exposition of JS07.
And your petitioners will ever pray, &.e.
Mr O'NEILL. As there appears to be no
desire upon the part of thegentlemeri who have
introduced this joint resolution to monopolize
the offices to be 'filled, 1 will now withdraw my
