I860.
THE CONGRESS1B3STAL
3sf
will consent to strike Kentucky out of the bill.
We can take care of ourselves, and we pledge
you that Kentucky -mil do what is right toward
these people.
Mr. POMEROY. I have listened to the re-
marks of the Senator from Kentucky, and have
been gratified to some extent by them, and
especially to hear that it was held now even in
fjie adhering States that held slaves, that the
constitutional amendment rendered null and
void all the enactments of the State Legislatures
upholding and maintaining slavery. I do not
know that I understood the Senator aright; but
if I did, in the commencement of his remarks
he said that it was held even in the adhering
States, like Kentucky, that the code relating to
slavery was made null and void by the consti-
tutional amendment.
Mr. GUTHRIE. That is my own opinion,
and that is the opinion also of Mr. Johnson of
Lexington, who is one of the ablest lawyers in
the State.
Mr. POMEROY. I am certainly gratified to
learn that that doctrine is held in the State of
Kentucky, and perhaps in all the States. It
goes far to show to my mind that those enact-
ments originally were not above the Constitu-
tion of the United States, and that if they were
ever constitutionally right, they perhaps could
never have been repealed; but it is now confessed
that the constitutional amendment abolishes
them and renders them null and void, and that
certainly is very gratifying. The point that I
desire to suggest is this: it is held by the Sen-
ator, I believe, that in the State of Kentucky
there is no essential difference between persons
of color and white persons in their civil rights.
Tha't is entirely new to me, because I have never
known'a State that held slaves which admitted
colored testimony against white men.
Mr. GUTHRIE. We do not do that; but that
is what wo are workingfor now in the Legislature.
Mr. POMEROY. Then it cannot be true
that the civil rights of persons of color in Ken-
tucky are the same as the rights of white men.
The third point that I noticed particularly in
the speech of the Senator was that we ought to
welcome back the representatives of the south-
ern States because their experience would be
so valuable to the Senate and the country. To
mymitid, if any class of men on earth ever had
a most bitter experience, it is the people who
undertook to secede and rebel. Their expe-
rience maybe very valuable to them; T hope
it is; but 1 think it is no experience that would
be instructive to us. I believe it is the very last
experience that any of us would either imitate
or profit by. That the way of transgressors has
been hard I have no doubt; but that their re-
turn to this Senate, or to the other House, will
be valuable as a matter of experience I do not
believe. At the same time, 1 would not, inter-
pose obstacles to their coming back, with any
view of punishment. I think the Senator mis-
understands us entirely. Everything ought to
be required for safety, but nothing for revenge,
nothing by way of punishment. Persons over-
taken in their own transgressions are usually
punished enough: and 1 think if a severe pun-
ishment has ever been meted out to any people
it has been meted out to those who have been
engaged in the rebellion.
But I think we ought not to neglect or over-
look the fact that wo are required to do every-
thing for safety, so that when the Union is re-
stored it may remain forever; and if there is
any security required or needed, this is the time
to have it. To receive back these States with
the idea that anything can be required of them
hereafter I believe would be folly. I think,
and I believe the sentiment of the country is,
that we ought now to provide such securities
for the future that another rebellion will be
impossible in a thousand years.
Mr. WILSON. If a vote is to betaken on
the pending amendment without consuming fur-
ther time, I shall not say anything : but I arose
for the purpose of moving an adjournment; it
is Saturday afternoon, and I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
39th COXG. 1ST SEW.—NO. 22.
IN SENATE.
Monday, January 22, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H.1 Gray.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATION.""
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a communication from the Secretary'
of the Interior, transmitting, in compliance with
a resolution of the Senate of the 16th instant,
copies of all documents, papers, and maps on1
file in his Department relating to the branch of
the Union Pacific railroad from Sioux City,
Iowa; which, on motion of Mr. Foot, was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road, and ordered to be printed..
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. WADE presented a petition of one hun-
dred and thii'ty citizens and residents in the
District of Columbia, praying that a law may be
passed abolishing all distinctions among the citi-
zens on account of color; which was referred
to the Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. FOOT presented a letter of the Secre-
tary of the Interior, inclosing a communication
from.Mr. C. Brumidi, accompanied by a design
for a historical painting in fresco, for the embel-
lishment of the interior of the new dome of the
Capitol, illustrative of American history; which
was referred to the Committee on Public Build-
ings and Grounds.
Mr. SUMNER. I present a memorial from
the Boston Board of Trade, in which they set
forth that at the outbreak of the late rebellion
Boston merchants had very large claims in the
rebel States, that by the operation of the stat-
utes of limitations in those States proceedings
for the recovery of those claims are now out-
lawed, and they, accordingly, pray that Con-
gress will pass a law exempting suitors in the
national courts of the United States from the
operation of State statutes of limitations for a
period long enough to give loyal creditors an
opportunity to enforce tlieir demands. I move
the reference of this memorial to the Committee
on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer a memorial from
the colored citizens of the State of South Car-
olina in convention assembled, representing,
as the Senate will remember, four hundred and
two thousand citizens of that State, being a
very large majority of the population. They
set forth the present condition of things in South
Carolina, and pray that Congress will see that
the sti ong arm of law and order is placed over
the entire people of that State that life and
property may be secure. They also ask that
government in that State shall be founded on
the consent of the governed, and insist that
that can be done only where equal suffrage is
allowed. They also ask that colored men should
not bo tried by white men, but that they should
have juries for themselves, and they ask also
that they should have the constitutional protec-
tion in keeping arms, in holding public assem-
blies, and in complete liberty of speech and of
the press. This memorial is accompanied by
a printed document containing a report of the
proceedings of this colored convention in South
Carolina. I offer these and ask their reference
to the joint committee on reconstruction.
The papers were so referred.
Mr. HARRIS presented the petition of Cyrus
M. Harmon, praying for compensation for the
destruction of the presses, stock, type, furni-
ture, and materia! of his printing establishment,
at Jiavenswood, Jackson county, West Virginia,
September 4, 1862, by the rebel authorities;
which was referred tc 'he Committee oil Claims.
He also presented the petition of Horatio G.
Onderdonk, praying that the stamp required to
agreements for the rent of ground be propor-
tioned to the amount of the rent; the repeal of
the tax on gold watches worth thirty dollars;
an equalization of the annual tax on incomes;
a modification of the rate of taxation, and the
abolition of the laws which enable the assessor
of the income tax to oppress the citjzea^ wit
was referred to the Committee on,
Mr. SAULSBUBY. I present' the petgoft.
of William M. Price, a^d.other citizonsof Wil-?
mington, in the State of Delaware, praying that
eight hours may be a, legal "day's; work'tb-al}
workmen, artisanfe, and laboferg'fen^lo^MjBj;
the United States. I believe a^ldjfep&titilt#"
was heretofore referred to- the Co'mitiittee Off
Naval Affairs;,and I make thte
regard to this. • ' • . . ; ! r1
The motion was agreed to'.
Mr. HENDERSON presented the petition of
John P. McElroy, praying to be allowed apen-
sion; which was referred to the Committee osa*
Pensions. . ,
He also presented the petition of Walter H.-
Tinker, praying to be allowed aponsion; which,
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
PAPERS WITHDRAWN.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I askleave to withdraw
from the files of th§ Senate the petition and*
papers of Jesse F. Gray. No action has beep,
taken upon them. He wishes to present them,
I believe, in another shape. . >
Leave was granted.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on' Mik
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was r4-~
ferred the bill (S. No. 73) to rfestorc to the S*ec\
retary of War the supervisory a"nd appellate5
powers in relation to the acts and duties of the.'
Commissioner of Indian Affairs, asked to be;
discharged from its further consideration, and;
that it be referred to tho Committee oil Indian'
Aifairs; which was agreed to. ■
APPORTIONMENT OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "The committee_ ap-
pointed to take into consideration the condition
of the so-called confederate States, with leave
to report from time to time, have directed me
to make a partial report in the shape of a joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the United States.
The joint resolution (S. R. No. 22) propos-
ing an amendment to the Constitution of the
United States was read the first time by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I ask to have it read at
length.
The Secretary read it, as follows;
Resolved, &c., (two thirds of both Houses concurring,)
That the following artiole be proposed to tho legis-
latures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution ofthe United States, which, wHenratifted
" by three fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be
valid as part of said Constitution, to wit:
Article —. Representatives and direct, taxes shall
be ApportionedamonKthescvcral States which may be
included within thisUnion according to then-respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
ill each State, excluding Indians not taxed: Provided,
That whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or color
all persons oi such race or color shall he excluded
from the basis of representation.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.,
90) enlarging the powers of the levy court of
tho county of Washington, in the District of
Columbia; which was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on the District of
Columbia.
Mr. POMEROY asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 91) for the improvement of the navigation
of tho Colorado river, and the construction of
wason roads in Arizona and Utah Territories;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. CONNESS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
92) granting lands to aid in the construction of
a railroad and telegraph line from the waters
of the bay of San Francisco to Humboldt bay,
iu the State of California; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands,-and ordered to be printed. ■ ,
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave 10 introduce a bill (S._ No. ?3)
to quiet the title to certain lands within the
