1402
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14
.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Third. For the compensation of professional and
scientific commissioners, ten in number, at the rate
of $1,000 each per annum, 810,000.
Mr. CONKLING. I move to strike out
"ten" and insert "three."
Mr. Chairman, having listened to this debate,
and given some consideration to this subject,
among all the parts of this complicated ma-
chinery, the necessity for which 1 do not see,
is this proposition to send ten scientific com-
missioners to observe and report, as some
gentlemen say, what takes place at this Ex-
hibition.
I cannot stretch my credulity so far as to
doubt that three n^§n of science sufficiently
diversified can bo found in this country to go
there and see, appreciate, and report properly
everything noteworthy. If three cannot do it
I feel very clear that ten will not be able to do
it. Although I do not forget that the Exhibi-
tion has been marked off on paper into groups,
I do not think it necessary to select a commis-
sioner to view each group and then make a
report on that.
Mr. BANKS. Upon the statement of the
gentleman from New York I do not object to
the amendment he proposes, but he misappre-
hended entirely the nature of this object. The
first duty of these commissioners will be to rep-
resent the interests of this country. That is to
be done by public lectures on ever}" interest that
can be presented affecting the prosperity or
exhibiting the power and resources of this coun-
try. We want, therefore, men who are not
only capable of making such an exposition of
the general interest of the country, but men
who know from practical acquaintance the re-
sources of different sections of the country and
in what manner tliey should best be presented.
That view of the case alone is sufficient to jus-
tify the appointment often commissioners. Wo
want commissioners to represent the interests
of this country in a great variety of aspects
which cannot be done by one, two, or three
individuals.
In addition to that, it is the further duty of
these commissioners to study carefully and re-
port intelligently the results of this Exhibition
to the people of this country. J t will be done
in a series of papers, occupying, as was the
case in the Loudon Exhibition of 18-51, a report
of two, three, or four hundred pages, making
a brief and complete representation of the re-
sults of this exhibition of the industry of all
nations, deducing therefrom advantages to bo
derived in the progress that may be made in
our own country.
Mr. CONKLING. If, without trespassing,
I could make a suggestion, I would like to ask
if these scientific men are to peiform a mis-
sionary service in France and Europe. In or-
der that the Continent may be permeated with
our ideas and made to comprehend the re-
sources of the country, I think the best thing
"would be to strike out all after the enacting
clause in this bill and insert in lieu thereof the
speech of the distinguished gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Banks.] Such a motion,
I think, would carry this committee. I be-
lieve that would convey to all these French-
men, and everybody else, an idea of the re-
sources of this country, material and otherwise,
better than is to be done by sending out ten sci-
entific missionaries to propagate our gospel of
resources, as is proposed by this bill.
The amendment to the amendment was with-
drawn.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend by striking
out the word proposed by the gentleman from
Now York and inserting twelve." I under-
stand that one of the purposes for which anmn-
ber of scientific men are to be sent to the Ex-
position is to make a thorough investigation of
the different subjects of human industry that
are there exhibited. In the previous great Ex-
hibitions in Loudon and the Exposition in Paris,
men from each country which presented a large
quantity of articles for exhibition have been
selected to serve on juries and investigate the
different inventions and report upon t£e most
meritorious and useful. These persons acquire
information not only useful to themselves but
to their countrymen, to be applied tp the art
which is the subject of investigation.
Now, instead of these persons being mission-
aries to advance knowledge which we choose
to send to Europe, they are persons to acquire
knowledge, to bring it home to us, by being
employed in these investigations. And this
small allowance which is made in this bill will
partly pay the expenses of men of proper tal-
ent and education to go there and do this ser-
vice. • The number, it seems to me, should be
increased rather than diminished, because the
number of subjects to be investigated is much
larger now than in 1851.
The report of the great Exhibition of 1851 in
London is not contained in a single octavo
volume, or two, or three, but in six large
quarto volumes ; and in this Exhibition, to be.
held in Paris, I expect to see reports of juries
and descriptions of articles there exhibited
which will fill twice the number of volumes.
These persons sent upon this mission, as
the gentleman calls it, bear a letter of credit
from their Government, as being of sufficient
acquirement and talent to be selected to serve
on the most important juries. They will ac-
quire the best knowledge on the subject, and
give it to their countrymen in the best aspect.
It is for this purpose, as I conceive, that they
are to be sent—for public benefit, and not for
private interest.
Mr. BANKS. I rise to oppose the amend-
ment. I am sure that if gentlemen will reflect
in regard to the persons to be selected they
will not ask to reduce the number. I will take
Professor Agassiz. There is no man that can
so well represent us, or with so much benefit
to our industry. In New Jersey there is Pro-
fessor Guiot, who has made a careful scientific
study of the range of mountains in this coun-
try running from the northeast to the south-
west. There are others who are familiar with
the scientific capacities and resources of the
Mississippi valley. There are others in the
lake region. Then on the Pacific side there
are persons that can be selected who will con-
fer an everlasting benefit upon the people of
this country if they are authorized to speak.
The expense is but trifling—$10,000 at the
outset for the services of ten of the ablest men
that the continent of America can afford.
Mr. STEVENS. Who_are1!ey?
Mr. BANKS. I have named such as have
occurred to me.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not fully understand
the object of this. I understand now it is that
wo arc to send out school-masters to open
schools and teach the French people. Why
not make them pay tuition?
Mr. BANKS. It is not for any such pur-
pose as the gentleman specifies. That is ratffer
below the dignity of our Government.
Mr. JENCKES. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. LE BLOND. I now offer an amend-
ment to the amendment by adding one com-
missioner from each State. If wo make that
addition, then every member who votes for this
bill will do it with the hope that he will be that
fortunate person; and with that inducement I
presume the joint resolution will pass.
Mr. SPALDING. Does the gentleman
mean to include the lately rebellious States?
Mr. LB BLOND. Oh, yes.
Mr. SPALDING. That is right; send good
specimens of the rebels.
Mr. LE BLOND. Of course.
Mr. SPALDING. I agree to that.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am not one of those
who believe that they have no rights down
South that the negroes ought to respect. I think
they are American citizens entitled to all the
privileges that the Constitution of the country
guaranties to them.
But, sir, I am opposed to the whole theory
of this joint resolution. It looks to me as
though the only object of it is to enable the
manufacturing interest of the East to go to
Europe and there compare their articles of man-
ufacture and machinery with those of the Old
World, that they themselves may gain sopie
intelligence by it. Now, sir, I believe it is their
duty to go these, if they must, as a private en-
terprise, and not ask the Government to con-
tribute their traveling expenses in a matter
that concerns their own private and peculiar
interest.
Who, sir, is to be benefited by this measure
in the western States? We are agriculturists.
That is our chief occupation, while those in the
Bast make their living by manufacturing arti-
cles that they sell to the West. No informa-
tion ia necessary to be gathered upon the sub-
ject. Why then call upon the people of the
West to contribute to it? Why draw out of
the common public Treasury this large sum of
money to defray their expenses?
It is suggested by a friend near me that it
would be well to select these commissioners
without regard to race or color. I believe this
is about the only measure that we have had
before us sincc Congress convened that did not
have in it the popular phrase '' without reference
to race or color." If they will only add that to
this joint resolution, I have no doubt it would
be passed by a decided party vote. Now, it is
said that the interests of the people of the Uni-
ted States are so involved that this joint reso-
lution should pass. Yet it is surprising when
gentlemen arc claiming here that the country
is greatly in debt, (and no man can doubt it,
at least those who arc called upon to pay taxes
will not question the assertion,) that they are
still calling upon us to vole money for a thing
that ought to be carried out by private enter-
prise, without calling upon the Government to
contribute the vessels of the country and the
treasure of the country to take men there to
exhibit their ^irticles, in order to enable tho
people of the eastern States to obtain knowl-
edge which will result to their special and per-
sonal benefit. I hope this joint resolution will
not pass, but that it will be defeated.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to make
a suggestion to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lie Blond.] I have understood that some
preparations are being made for this journey
to France, which may be unnecessary if this
matter is properly understood, as I understand
it. I suggest that an amendment be made that
no member of Congress be appointed com-
missioner.
Mr. BANKS. That is tho law now.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I suppose this
office would come within the constitutional pro-
vision which forbids a member of Congress
from holding an office created or the emolu-
ments of which have been increased by action
of the Congress of which he is a member. ■
Mr. LE BLOND. Does the gentleman from
Illinois [Mr. Harding] propose that no mem-
ber of Congress, "without regard to race or
color," shall be appointed commissioner ?
[Laughter.] If so, I fully agree with the
gentleman.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the committee
now rise for the purpose of closing debate on
this section.
Mr. SPALDING. We will vote on it now.
Mr. BANKS. If a vote can be taken now
I will withdraw my motion.
Mr. LE BLOND. I withdraw my amend-
ment to the amendment.
Mr. WHALEY. I renew the amendment
to the amendment for the purpose of saying a
few words. I desire to say to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs
[Mr. Banks] that while this debate has been
occupying our fime for nearly or quite two
days, there have been but few members on this
side of the House who have had an opportu-
nity to speak for even one minute. This is
certainly a grave measure ; it has been debated
for two days, and I for one am at a loss to
know why there should not be at least, a few
minutes allowed to this side of the House. I
admit that a few gentleman here have had their
minute to speak. But I understand the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. Smitii] made everf
effort to get an opportunity to speak, but could
