338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
corporate limits of the city of San Francisco;
which was read twice by its title, referred to the
Committee oil Public Lands, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersos, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 30) referring the
papers in the case of F. A. Gibbons and F. X.
Kelley to the Court of Claims, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 36) refer-
ring the papers in the ease of F. A. Gibbons
and F. X. Kelley to the Court of Claims, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Claims.
JURORS AND WRITS OF ERROR.
Mr. CLARK. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 34,
in relation to the qualifications of jurors and
to writs of error in certain cases.
The motion was agreed to, and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The Secretary proceeded to read 'the bill as
originally introduced by Mr. Doolittle.
■ Mr. CLARK. I hardly think it is necessary
to read the bill through as introduced into the
Senate, because the Committee on the Judiciary
recommend the adoption of an amendment as
a substitute for the whole bill. Perhaps the read-
ing of the amendment, which involves substan-
tially the provisions of the original bill, will be
sufficient.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there bo
no objection, the reading of the original bill will
be dispensed with, and the amendment reported
by the committee in lieu of the original bill will
be read instead of proceeding further with the
reading of the original bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
of the original bill, and to insert the following
in lieu thereof:
That iio person shall be disqualified to act upon any
grand or petit jury by reason of having formed or ex-
pressed an opinion upon the matter oi I'lui-.c to bo
submitted to such jurv, founded upon public rumor,
statements in public journals, or common notoriety,
provided ho bo otherwise competent, and it shall ap-
pear to the satisfaction of Uto court, upon his decla-
ration under oath, or otherwise, that ho can andwill,
notwithstanding such an "pinion, act impartially and
fairly upon the matteis to be submitted to him.
Si;o. Andbait/'urt/i>:rriiartcd,'£hnt any question of
law arising upon tho trial of any person in any district
or circuitcourtof the United Htates.or in the supremo
court of tho District of Columbia, for any ollense, tho
punishment, whereof ina,y bo death, may he removed
to tho Supreme Court of tho United States by writ, of
crior.to be sued out within sixty days after tho entiy
of tho final judgment in such ease in tho courts bo-
low; and thereupon proceedings shall be stayed in
said courts, and the questions of law heard and de-
termined in said Supreme Court ol the United States,
and such order sent to tho court below, atlirmiim' or
reversing the.uid^ment, as the determination of such
questions of law may require.
3Tr. CLARK. The amendment proposed by
the committee contains the substance of the ori-
ginal bill, but throws it, as the commit!re think,
into a better form. J presume there will be no
objection on the part of anybody in favor of the
bill to the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I introduced the bill
, which was referred to the committee, and I
certainly have no objection to the amendment.
I think the committee have thrown tho meas-
ure in a better form than it was originally as
drawn by myself.
Mr. SUMNER. I have no objection to the
amendment reported by the committee ; indeed
1 think it is a much better statement of the point
in question; but I should like to ask the Sen-
ator who reported the bill whether, by this
proposition, it is intended to set aside the rul-
ing of Chief Justice Marshall oil the trial of
Burr with regard to jurors?
Mr. CLARK. I think if would modify that
ruling to some extent.
Mr. SUMNER. That, as the Senator is
aware, has been for now more than a genera-
tion tho received law of the country.
Mr. CLARIv. That may be very true in some
of the States; but one difficulty which the com-
mittee design to remedy is a diversity of prac-
tice in different States, and we seek to bring
the whole practice in the United States courts
in this respect to the same standard. In some
of the States, until the last session, the practice
was to use triers in cases of this kind. _ This
bill refers the question of the qualification or
interest of a juror to the court, and perhaps that
is the best place to lodge it, though I think we
did that by a bill at the last session; but the
great object of the first section of the bill is first
to introduce a uniform practice into the Federal
courts in the different States, and in the next
place to remove what might be an apparent ob-
jection to jurors serving in certain cases by
reason of having formed an opinion upon gen-
eral notoriety, or from rumor, or from the pub-
lic journals.
Mr. SUMNER. I see no objection to the
second section of the bill under consideration;
I agree with the Senator from New Hampshire
in regard to that. I am not so sure about the
first section, and there seem to me to be two
objections to it. Whether they are sufficiently
strong to justify us in opposing it, it will be for
the Senate to determine. I simply call attention
to them. The first is that the section does posi-
tively set aside what, down to this day, on the
ruling of the highest magistrate of this country,
has been the law of the courts. To that the
Senator very aptly replies, however, that it is
important to give uniformity to the practice in
the different United States courts. On that
point I agree with him. If his proposition sim-
ply went to that point, 1 should not, venture even
to make a suggestion with regard to it, except-
ing as to its nature; but it does go further. It
does set aside what my honorable friend, the
learned Senator from Maryland [Mr. Joiixsox]
knows well was the decision of Chief J ustice
Marshall; and what-has been also the practice
in many of the States of the Union. It is the
practice in my own State. I believe also it is
the practice here in the District of Columbia.
1 therefore venture to go against that rule only
with a certain hesitation.
But then comes another consideration which
perhaps is more important. So far as I com-
prehend the bearing of this first, section, it is to
meet an actual case of unprecedented historical
importance; it is to pave the way for the trial
of that grandest criminal in the history of the
world who is now in the custody of this Gov-
ernment. Kow, sir, that question should be
approached carefully, most discroetly, and I
humbly submit unless tho reasons shall be found
to bo of the strongest character, with absolute
reference to the existing law of the land. I
shrink from changing the law of the land in
order to meet an individual case, even though
that, ease may be of the trail seen dent importance
of the one to which [ now refer. 1 venture,
then, to ask whether, still further, there is not
in tho proposition something of an ex pout facto
character. I am nothing to argue t hat itis not in
the power of Congress to make changes in the
modes of procedure and of trial even after the
crime has been perpetrated, but 1 do humbly
submit that in view of the positive limitations
of the Constitution it is a very doubtful course
to enter upon.
Mr. DAVIS. Mr. President, I certainly very
heartily approve of the opinions and sentiments
expressed by the Senator from Massachusetts
who has just taken his seat. A proposition to
change the law in relation to the qualification
of jurors in criminal cases is a very grave one,
and I think that the Senator from Massachu-
setts has entered a very proper and just caveat
against changing that law with a view to any
individual case, f feel no sympathy with Jef-
ferson Davis, and I do not believe that the
friends of the Union ought to feel any particu-
lar enmity toward him, because I believe that
he,by his errors and blunders, contributed more
to tho o\ ertluoiv of the confederation and the
successes of the Union arms than any other
man in America. ■
But, irrespective of all questions in relation
to Jefferson Davis or anybody 'else, here is a
most plain and important principle of criminal
proceedings—a principle that received the sanc-
tion of Chief Justice Marshall in the trial of
Aaron Burr more than fifty years ago. Here
is the greatest jurist of the United States in one
of the most interesting and important prosecu-
tions for treason that has ever originated in the
United States, after _ elaborate argument and
deliberate consideration, settling that principle.
It seems to me that the Congress of the United
States ought to b e very well assured that the prin-
ciple is wrong, andthattheinnovation which they
are about to make upon it would be permanently
right without regard to the temporary condition
of the country at this time or without regard
to the case of any special criminals, and that it
ought to seek after the true principle in the
permanent existence of the Government and the
permanent administration of the criminal law.
I therefore think that before this matter is acted
upon the amendment had better be printed and
Senatorsallowed time deliberately to examineit.
Mr. CLARK. It is printed.
Mr. DAVIS. Well, give us time to consider
it; let us have time to examine it; let the hon-
orable Senator from New Hampshire move to
take up this important subject on a particular
day, and with a view to its consideration on that
day. Senators will read and examine the prop-
osition. I hope that it will not be pressed to a
decision at this time.
Mr. CLARK. I certainly will not press the
consideration of the bill upon any Senator, not
to say upon the Senate, who desires furthertime
for its examination. It is, as the Senator from
Kentucky has well said, a grave matter, amatter
which should reccive the due and careful delib-
eration of the Senate. Nor shall I undertake
at this time to say or to deny that the Committee
on the Judiciary, in examining this matter, did
refer to and did consider the important bearing
of tho measure which is now before the Senate
upon a distinguished criminal (if 1 may use that
phrase in this conncetion) now expected to be
tried ; but I will say this: in coming to the con-
clusion that they have reported to the Senate,
the committee considered—and I suggest it to
Senators for their consideration—whether it
may not be our duty, if we cannot otherwise
secure the trial of that offender, so to modify
the law. I have no objection if the Senator
desires that the bill shall be postponed to to-
morrow or any future time that the Senate may
order. I do not propose myself to make it a
special order, because the bill, though a grave
one, is not long, is easily comprehended, and
may be called up before the Senate in the morn-
ing hour or at any other time when we have
opportunity for that purpose. I have no objec-
tion to its being postponed until Thursday or
Friday.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Before the motion is put
to postpone the bill until Thursday, I ask the
indulgence of my honorable friend to make a
single remark.
Mr. CLARK. I have made no motion, and
the Senator would be in order if I had.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As I understand the law
of juries, originally jurors were summoned from
the vicinage of the offense, because they knew
all about it, and sometimes even upon their own
knowledge would decide in the case. Decisions
of the courts, however, changed that old rule,
and carried it so far as to say that the jurors
should be not only entirely without interest, but
without even the bias which an opinion would
have upon the mind. But upon that point the
courts in this country have widely differed.
In Massachusetts and in New York they went
to the extreme point of saying that the bias of
an opinion, no matter from what sources of in-
formation derived, should be sufficient to ex-
clude; and as has been said. Chief Justice Mar-
shall, in the Burr trial, following up the old
decisions of Massachusetts and New York, and
relying upon them mainly for authorities, laid
down very much the same doctrine. At the
same time it is but just to say that in the State
of Virginia, in the State of Illinois, and in sev-
eral of the other great States of the Union, tho
contrary doctrine has always been held, that ail
