1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3823
?ap;o of this act, or within twelve calendar months
after the making or i^uing thereof, he brought to the
said collector of revenue to bo stamped, and the stamp
tax chargeablc thereon shall be paid, it shall be law-
ful for the said collector to remit the penalty afore-
said, and to cause such instrument to be duly stamped.
And when the original instrument, or a eertilied or
duly proved copy thereof, as aforesaid, shall have
been duly stamped so as to entitle the same to be
recorded, shall be presented to the clerk, register,
recorder, or other officer having charge of the origi-
nal record, it shall be the duty of such officer, upon
the payment of the fee legally chargeable for the re-
cording thereof, to make a new record thereof, or to
note upon the original record the fact that the error
or omission in the stamping of said original instru-
ment has been corrected pursuant to law; and after
such record or entry, the original instrument on such
certified copy or the record thereof may bo used in
all courts and places in the same manner and with
like effect as if. the instrument had been originally
stamped : Provided, That no right acquired in sood
faith before the stamping of such instrument or copy
thereof, and the recording thereof as herein provided,
shall in any manner bo affected by such stamping as
aforesaid.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by inserting in line thirty-
three hundred and ninety-four, after the word
''instrument," the words "or it' said instru-
ment be lost, to a copy thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee next proposed, in line thirty-
four hundred and four, to insert the words 11 or
copy" after "instrument," and after "mar-
gin" to strike out "of said instrument" and
to insert "thereof."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thalamend-
ment will be made.
The next amendment proposed by the com-
mittee was in line thirty-four hundred and six,
after the word "and," to strike out "such in-
strument" and insert in liou thereof the words
"tlie same."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The committee next proposed, in line thirty-
four hundred and twentv-one, to strike out
"passage of this act" and to insert "1st day
of July, 18(;<>."
Mr. KESSKNDEN. That should be "Au-
gust. ''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It will be so
modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
The next amendment proposed by the com-
mittee was in line thirty-four hundred and
twenty-nine, after the word "aforesaid," to
strike out" shall have been."
The PRESLD1NG OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The next amendment proposed by the com-
mittee was in line thirty-four hundred and
thirty-two, after the words "'shall be," to
strike out "the duty of" and to insert "law-
ful for."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The next amendment was in line thirty-four
hundred and thirty-seven, after the wo rd "and,"
to strike out "after such record or entry;" and
after "instrument," in line thirty-four hundred
and thirty-eight, to strike out "on" and insert
"or."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The next amendment was in lino thirty-four
hundred and forty-one to strike out "provided,
that" and to insert "but."
The PRESI I) iN G OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The committee also proposed to amend in
line thirty-four hundred and forty-four, after
the word "provided," by inserting "if such
record be required by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next clause of section
nine, as follows:
That section one hundred and sixty-three bo
amended by striking out all alter the enacting clause
and inserting in lieu thereof tlio following: that
hereafter no deed, instrument, document, writing,
or paper required by law to be stamped, which has
been signed or r-sued without being duly stamped,
or with a deficient stamp, nor any copy thereof, shall
be recorded, or admitted, or used as evidence in any
court until a legal stamp or stamps, denoting the
amount of duty, shall have been affixed thereto by
the collector, as prescribed bylaw: I'rovided, That
any power of attorney, conveyance, or document of
any kind, made or purporting to he made in any
foreign country to be used in the United States, shall
pay the same duty as is required by law on simitar
instruments or documents when made or issued in
the United States; and the party to whom the ?amc
is issued, or by whom it is to be used, shall, before,
using the same, aflix thereon tho stamp or stamps
indicating the duty required.
The Committee on Finance reported no
amendment to this efciusc.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. X move to amend that
clause by striking out the word "duty" and
inserting "tax" in lines thirty-four hundred
and fifty-five, thirty-four hundred aud fifty-
nine, and thirty-four hundred and sixty-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next two clauses, to
which the Committee on Finance reported no
amendment, as follows:
That section one hundred andsixtj'-five be amended
by sti iking out all after the enacting clause and in-
serting in lieu thereof the following: that if any
person, firm, company, or corporation shall make,
prepare, and sell, or remove for consumption or sale,
drugs, medicines, preparations, compositions, articles,
or things, including pcrtumciv. cosmetics, lucifer or
friction matches, cigar-lights, or wax tapers, and play-
ing cards, and also including prepared mustards, pre-
served meals, fish, shell-fish, fruits, vegetables, sauce/?,
sirups, jams, and jellies, when packed or sealed in cans,
bottles, or other single packages, whether of domestic
manufacture or imported, upon which a duty or tax
is imposed bv law, as enumerated and mentioned in
schedule 0, without a Hi xing thereto an adhesive stamp
or label denoting! he tax bel'oie mentioned, he ui they
shall incur a penalty of lifty dollars for every omis-
sion to ailix such stamp.
Thai section one hundred a nil sixty-nine he amend-
ed by .-.Inking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting m lieu thereof the following: that any per-
son who shall oiler or expose for sale any of the arti-
cles named in schedule U, oi in any amendments
thereto, whot her tho article':; so offered or exposed nve
imported or are of foreign or domestic manuiacluic,
shall ho deemed tlifj manutaeuner thereof, and sub-
ject to all the dutic-, liabilities, ami penalties im-
pend by law in regard to the sale of domestic ai tides
without the use off lie proper .stamp or stamps denot-
ing the taxpaidthercon, and ail such ai tides im-
ported or of foreign manufacture shall, in addition
to the import duties imposed on the same, be subject
to the stamp tax, respectively, pi escribed in schedule
(J, as af'oicsaid.
The Secretary rend tho next clause, as follows:
That schedule J>, preceding section one hundred
and seventy-one, be amended by striking out all of
the paragraphs relating to "gauger's returns" and
"mea>urer\s returns;" and bv striking out nil from
"leceipts for the payment °f any sum of money''
down to "weigher's returns if of a weight not ex-
ceeding five thousand pounds ten cents; exceeding
live thou,-and pounds, twenty-live cents" inclusive,
und insetting in lieu thereot the following: receipts
for a nv sum of money, or for the payment of any debt
exceeding twenty dollais m amount, not being for
the satisfaction of any mortgage or judgment oi de-
cree of any court, or by indorsement, on anystamped
obligation in acknowledgment of its fulfillment, for
each receipt two cents: PtovxlM, That when more
than one signature is affixed to tho, same paper, one
or more stamps may bo ailixed thereto, representmg
the whole amount of the stamp required lor such
signatuies.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this clause by adding at the end of it
the following :
And thnt tho, term " money,'" a5? herein used, shall
be held to include drafts and other instruments given
for the payment of money.
The amendment, was agreed to.
The Secretary read tho next clause, as follows:
That schedule B, preceding section one hundred
and seventy-one, be amended by inserting lmmodi-
. ately preceding the proviso relating to stamps on
| mortgages the following: upon every alignment or
transfer of a mortgage the same stamp duty upon
the amount remaining unpaid thereon as is hetein
imposed upon a mortgage for the same amount.
AlbO strike out the words "mortgage or" in said
piovico.
j The Committee on Finance reported several
I amendments to this clause. Thrlirt-t was in line
thirty-five hundred aud sixte<n, to insert the
word "further" before the word "amended.'1
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-five
hundred and nineteen, to strikeout the wurd
"duty" and to insert "tux."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line thirty-five
hundred and twenty-one, after the woid "also"
to strike out the word "strike" and to insert
"by striking."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the clause the following words:
A\s(.\ by inserting tho words " domestic and inland
bills ot lading and" after "tho" and before "than"
in the first line of said schedule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "the" that is
quoted in line thirty-live hundred and twenty-
three should be "than,11 and the word "than"
in the next line should be "those."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The next amendment was after line thirty-
five^ hundred and twenty-four to insert the fol-
lowing clause:
That schedule 33 be amended, under the head of con-
tract, by striking out the words following: "stocks,
bonds, and notes of hand," and by inserting before
the word "exchange" the word "inland." Also, by
inserting under the head of contract, after tho words
"for such note or memorandum of sale ten cents, "the
words following: "bill or memorandum of the sale
or contract for the sale of gold or silver bullion, for-
eign exchange, coin, nncurrent money, promissory
notes, or othei'sccuritio, shall pay a stamp duty at
tho rate provided in section ninety-nine."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment by striking out ihc words "and
by inserting before the word 'exchange' the
word 'inland.'"
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lino thirty-five hun-
dred and thirty-one, affor the word uof," T
move to insert u storks, bonds," so as to read,
"the sale of stocks, bonds, gold or silver
bullion," iVc.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-five hun-
dred and thirty-two I move to strike out the
words " foreign exchange," and also " uncur-
rent money."
Tho amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VAN "WINKLE. In lino thirty-five
hundred and thirty-{bur I move to strike out
the word u duty" and to insert " tax."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SIMiAOUE. J should like to ask the
Senator from Maine why lie leaves out "for-
eign exchange."
Mr. FESSENDEN. For the same reason
that it was left out before.
Mr. SFKAGUE. J should like to mention
that there is also another class of sccui ities,
" letters of credit," which go along-side of
foreign exchange.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not in the
original tax bill, J suppose.
Mr. SPUAGKF. i should like to call the
attention of the committee to the subject, that
they may think of it. Letters of credit art' sub-
ject to taxation as much as bills of exchange.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The Secretary read the next clause, as follows:
That schedule C bo amended by striking out the
paragraph in relation to photographs.
That schedule C be amended by striking out the
paragraph iclating to cigar-lights and wax tapers
and inserting in lieutheieof the following: for wax
tapers, double the rates herein imposed upon fric-
tion and lucifer matches; on cigar-lights whether
made in whole or in part of wood, w:ix, gla-^s, paper,
or other materials, in parcels or package-* cm taming
twenty-five lights or lo.-s in each pared or package,
one cent; when in paiccls or packages tout.lining
more limn twenty-five, and not more than fiit\ lights,
two cent'?, j:>r every additional twenty-fiv* lights or
fractional part of that number, one cent additional;
and by striking out all after the woids "placing
cards" and inserting in hcu theieof the following:
Tor and upon every pack, not exceeding fifty-two
cards in nuinbei, irie poetivc of price or value, five
eenN; for and upon every can, bottle, or other single
pa ckaye con taming m eat.-%!Kh, shell-15 mi, tin its, vege-
tabh s,sauces, sirups, pi''pared mu-tard jams, or jel-
lies contained thei em und pa< Ved r.r venb'u, made,
prepar'd, and sold, or oftmed mi s !e, or removed
for fon-umptmn m the lTmred Stat'.-, on ami after
11n,' 1 - t d;n ot <>:.t"b< r. JooO. w Ir.n .- a- h u,n, bot the.
or other i-mule p.n-kag" with ii> (.omciits shall not
exceed two pounds in weitrliT Um -u:.i oi or e ..a nt.
When such can, bottle, or other single package
