THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBJS.
January 22,
certainly were disposed to show in the first place
t&at, thfey were free by leaving the employment
of their old masters. By so doing they were
proving "that they were free—the most natural
tiling ip the world. Their masters did not rec-
ognise" practically their freedom. The agents of
the bureau went into that country, told the old
master that his former slave was a free man, as
free as himself, that he must recognize that-free-
dom, and "that he must deal with his former slave
as'a'man having equal rights with himself before
the laws of the country. The agents of the bu-
reau taught the freedmen, also, the duties that
freedom brought- to them and the obligations it
imposed tijjon them. By this intervention, by
this carrying of justice, equity, and humanity
iiito these rebel Stales, it harmonized the old
Blasters and the new freedmen. It made both
parties look to practical results, and thus tens
tod tens of thousands of freedmen went to work
for wages, and the crop of last autumn was im-
measurably increased by the action of this bu-
reau. I undertake to say that all the money,
toil, and labor expended by the bureau is not
the one tenth part of one per cent, of the in-
crease of product added to the country, to say
nothing of the peace, the harmony,1 and the en-
forcement of justice in that country.
Now, sir, all over these States, wherever the
Freedmeivs Bureau has a good foothold, the
rights of the freedmen are generally respected
and enforced, and the old slave-masters them-
selves are coming to the realization of the new
condition of things, and some of them accept it;
but wherever the Freedmen's Bureau does not
reach, where its agents are not to be found, there
you will find injustice and cruelty, and whip-
pings and seourgmgs and murders that darken
the continent. No man can deny this. Oo ask
Colonel Brown, who has the superintendence of
Virginia, and who lias been complimented by
General Howard as one of the most efliciout
officers in the service; go to Professor Whit-
tlesey of North Carolina; go to General Saxton,
who has been one of the truest and most devoted
friends of the black men of our country, and
who has been called away and is not compelled
to see with his own. eyes the bittertears that are
being shed over the violated promises that this
nation made to the freedmen on the coast of the
Carolinas; go to General Tillson, one of our
ablest Army officers, and the head of the bureau
in Georgia ; to General Swayne, the son of one
of the judges of your Supreme Court, wiio lias
the control in Alabama, and who has written,
as t understand, within a lew days, that at least
iive thousand persons have come into that State
to engage m business, who. if I he bureau is taken
away, must leave there—they cannot stay; go
to General Kiske, one of the most active men
of our country, a devoted, patriotic, and able
officer, and a Christian ; go to General lkiird,
in Louisiana : ask glorious Phil Sheridan : go
to the men in tlnit country who have si udied and
who understand these freedmen's aflaiis, and
they all bear one uniform and unbroken testi-
mony to (lie inestimable benefits to the country
of this humane and Christian oraanization—an
organization f hat is earn in.Lf liber:y and justice
and humanity inlo the dark corners of a land
blighted and cursed by human bondage for two
centuries."
Mr. President, we have now before us a prop-
osition to enlarge the powers of this L-reed-
men's Bureau. The heart of this nation is for
it. The Christian men and women of the coun-
try, whomadethis Administrationof ours, who
put us in these seats, and who hold us respon-
sible before God and I he country for our ac-
tion, are for this organization. They are in la-
vor of enlarging it and keeping it in the South
just as long as it may be necessary to keep it
there to accustom thesepeople to do justice and
to protect these men who are our wards. 1 am,
therefore, in favor of the bill as it came from
the Committee on the Judiciarv, substantially
just as it stands, and I am opposed fvpccially
to the amendment, ofthc Senator fromP'emisvi-
vania. 1 Jo not see with whatjusticc we can silul
the bureau out of Maryland, where it is needed
almost as much as in Virginia, or out of Ken-
tucky, where it is needed quite as much, I think,
as it is in Tennessee. It will cost something,
but I have no doubt if it does pass, its cost will
not be one per cent, upon the increased prod-
uct it will bring to the country during the com-
ing year.
We proclaimed liberty to three and a half
million people in order to break down this re-
bellion. We did it as a military necessity.
We did. not do it because it was right to do it,
but we did it in defense of the Government of
the United States. These people exposed their
lives for our country; they discharged their
whole duty to the country; they are now thrown
upon their own resources, into a hostile com-
munity: into a community exhausted by war;
into a community where the people are admit-
ted by everybody to be poor; into States which,
as the Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Guthrie]
says, havelost £0 0,000,000,000by the war. Who
is to take care of them ? Vp'ho is to protect them
against the hostile legislation of those States?
The Senator from Kentucky told us, and told
us truly, that the old slave codes and laws went
down with slavery, but not so think these gen-
tlemen in several of the States. Tn four or live
of the States they have passed codes of laws
that practically make the freedman a peon or
a serf.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to know what
those laws are.
Mr. W) LSON. I have not time to read to
the Senator the laws of South Carolina, or the
laws of Mississippi, or the laws of Louisiana,
or the bills that arc now pending, if they are
not already passed, in the Legislature of Geor-
gia; but we have llicm all, and 1 say that the
provisions of those acts are wholly inconsistent
with freedom. I will state one single provision
of those laws. The law of one of the States
requires the freedmen to have a residence and
a home within twenty days, but it forbids the
renting or purchasing of land to them outside
of the large towns. What is the poor freedman
to doY Go into the highway? There ho is a
vagrant to bo arrested and sold to labor. The
tendency of such legislation as that is to con-
tinue him an ignorant, degraded, and depend-
ent laborer. At another time, if the Senator
does notwish to take the time to read those acts,
or if lie has not collected I hem, or if nobody
has sent them to liim—1 hope some one has
done so—1 will furnish him with those acts, or
1 will take them and analyze them for his in-
struction.
Mr. COWAN. One word, sir, with the per-
mission of the Senalor. I have only to say that
the Constitution of the United States makes
provision by which the righls of no free man,
no man not a slave, can be infringed in so far
as regards any of the groat principles of Eng-
lish and American liberty; and if these things
are done by authoiilv of any of the southern
Slates, theie is ample remedy now. Under the
fifth amendment of the Constitution, no mail
can be deprived of his rights without the ordi-
nary process of law; and if he is, he has his
remedy. 1 Tow are you going to prevent it ? If
he does not know his remedies, or if thc-'e who
back him do not know his remedies, how are
we to frame laws and how are we to make pro-
vision in violation of these very provisions of
the Constitution by which to place a sentinel
over every freedman all through the South? I
should like to know the particulars of which
the honorable Senator complains. I would like
to have the very statute read here by which
the freedmsm is deprived of his rights after he is
once emancipated under the amendment of the
Constitution guarantying liberty to everybody.
These general assertions and these particular
charges are made here; but are we to alter the
whole frame and structure of the laws, are we
to overturn the whole Constitution, in order to
get at a remedy for these people? If they are
put upon the .same footing as white people, then
the}* have the same remedies as white people ;
they ha'-'c the same remedies that the honora-
ble Senator ban, or that I have, or that any
other Senator has : and there is no necessity for
this new jurisdiction, this new power that is to
be invoked for their protection. We h ave been
told that if a man was made free, and partic*
ularly if these colored people were made free,
that that was all that was necessary; that then
they would take care of themselves just like
other people; and if the laws were framed gen-
erally so as to operate upon all people, they
would operate upon them, and they would take
advantage of it and protect themselves. Now,
I should like to have the particulars of these
outrages that are to be committed .upon these
^ iPr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
says that the Constitution of the United States
protects these people. I agree that it does so
far as the Constitution can do it; and the amend-
ment to the Constitution empowers us to pas?
the necessary legislation to make them free in-
deed ; and the Senator from Illinois has a bill
that is to follow this, and is to bepassed, I think,
annulling these black codes and putting these
people under the protection of just and equal
laws. The Legislature of Louisiana has passed
an act by which the Senator, if he reads it, will
see that any freedman who makes a contract
under it is perfectly at the control and will of
the man with whom he makes the contract. If
that man is a bad man, at the end of the year
the freedman will not receive a farthing for
his year's labor. He can trump up charges to
cheat and defraud the laborer. So odious are
these laws that the Freedmen's Bureau has set
them aside wherever it has had the power to do
so; and the other day General Grant issued an
order setting aside these very laws, and the
Army of tlie United States is ordered bv him t$
arrest the execution of the laws of four or five
of these States, because they in reality reduce
the freedman to the condition of a serf, or at
any rate of a peon. The Lieutenant General of
our Army has ordered the Army in these States
to arrest the execution of these laws, so odious
and so oppressive are they, and the nation ap-
plauds the order. Now, sir,we propose not only
to empower this bureau to protect the freedmen
against these laws and all other laws of the same
character, but to pass an act Hint shall set. them
aside and give the freedman a practical remedy
by taking his case at once before the authorities
of the United States.
The Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Guthtue,]
on Saturday, opposed the passage of this bill,
but lie made two declarations for which I sin-
cerely thank liim. I hope the people of the
rebel States will understand that the distin-
guished Senat or from Kentucky has proclaimed
on the floor of the Senate of the United States
that the slave codes of those States fell when
slavery fell. If these laws went down with sla-
very, what right have the people there to make
laws tending to the same end? 1 thank the Sen-
ator for that declaration.
The honorable Senator uttered this great truth:
" You cannot degrade any portion of your popula-
tion, and put a luai k. a stain, upon them without kav-
iiur cause of hcavt-tjurniiu.' and diiliculty that will
endanger the public sccuiuy hcrcaticr.'*
Sir, that is a noble sentiment. It is a senti-
ment that lives in the heart, the brain, and
the conscience of the loyal people of America.
They see, feel, realize that you cannot degrade
any portion of your population without leaving
heart-bnrnin gs and difficulties t hat will endanger
the peace of the future. It is because we who
fill these scats, and those who sent us here, be-
lieve, religiously believe, this declaration of the
Senator from Kentucky that we oppose filling
up the vacant seats m this Chamber again with-
out security against such degradation. It is
because we believe in the truth of that declara-
tion that we demand that by irreversible guar-
antees no portion of the population of the coun-
try shall be degraded or have a stain put upon
them. I want the Senatoi from Kentucky, and
all others in this Chamber and elsewhere, 1 want
the men of the rebel States, to understand that
we who are here, and those whom we represent,
believe in that sentiment, as wo believe in the
commandments of Almighty God. I wauftheui
to understand that we mean to see it enforced,
cost what it may of time, of toil, or of money.
