4:284:
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 27,
speculate in real estate. I move that the bill
be laid on the table.
On the motion of Mr. Boutwell there were—
■aves 50, noes 1,0; bo quorum voting.
Mr. INGERSOLL. With the Consent of
the House, I -will move that the bill be recom-
mitted.
There being no objection, the motion was
agreed to.
G. 0. KESTOR AND C. W. M'CORB.
Mr. HOG AN. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce the following joint resolution:
Itemized by the Senate and House of Bepresentativce,
<£c., That the Secretary of the Navy be directed to
organize aboard of notless than three persons, whoso
duty it shall be to inquire into and determine how
much tho vesscls-of-war and steam machinery Shilob,
bnift by George G. Bestor, and the TJtlah, built by
Charles W. M^Coid, at St. Louis, Missouri, in the
years 1sg3, 1864, and IS65, cost the contractors over
and above tho contract price and allowances for
extra work, and. report the same to Congress at its
next session.
Mr. GARFIELD. I object.
Mr. HOGAN. I really think there ought to
bo no objection to this proposition; and I will
move to suspend the rules that I may introduce
it. I first, however, desire to state the facts of
the case. These gentlemen made a contract
with the Government to build two gunboats.
Tliey were to be low draught iron-clads. While
the vessels were in process of construction, and
when the contractors were able to go on with
the work, having not only the means but the
workmen, the Government changed the plan
entirely, so as to make tho vessels sea-going
vessels. Tho Government proposed to pay
these men for the extra work that was to be
done. But in the mean time the tide of war
turned to Missouri, and these gentlemen in
employing their workmen were compelled to
muster them into the United States service as
militia. They were obliged to pay extra prices
for the labor of these workmen, and were pre-
cluded from having as much work from them
as was desirable and proper.
All that these contractors now desire is that
they may get their case before the Navy De-
partment. The Secretary of tho Navy informs
them that he has no authority to act in the
matter unless there be a law or joint resolu-
tion passed by Congress authorizing him to
adjudicate their accounts. This is the whole
case. The 2>roposition is simply to appoint a
commission who shall report the facts, to be
submitted to Congress by tho Secretary of the
Navy at the next session. We can then take
action upon the subject, if we deem it proper.
The simple object of this proposition is to give
these gentlemen an opportunity to present their
case before the Secretary of the Navy. I hope
gentlemen will not object to the resolution.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I desire to ask tho gen-
tleman from Missouri [Mr. IIogan] whether, if
the statement contained in the resolution bo
true, the Secretary of the Navy has not the
power to make a proper allowance to these con-
tractors; or whether, if ho has not such power,
these parties cannot go into the Court of Claims
and get redress under the laws as they now
exist.
Mr. HOGAN. I suppose that they could go
into the Court of Claims; but, sir, propositions
similar to this have been made in the Senate in
regard to gunboats built in the eastern States;
and when eastern builders of gunboats are per-
mitted to bring their accounts before the Sec-
retary of the Navy for investigation, I do not
see why our western men should be compelled
to carry their cases before the Court of Claims
rather than have them presented to the Sec-
retary of the Navy at once. The proposition
simply is that the facts shall be reported at the
next session of Congress.
Mr. GARFIELD. As I have objected to tho
introduction of this resolution, I wish to state
my reason for doing so.
Sir, since I have been in Congress I have
observed that it has grown to be a custom that
whenever a party has had a contract with the
Government which has turned out unfavorably
to himself, he immediately comes to Congress
and asks the payment of a large amount addi-
tional Upon his contract. But, whenever a con-
tractor makes a profitable contract.and real-
izes a large amount of money we never hear
of any proposition that he shall refund to the
United States Government any part of the
amount which he has realized. It seems to
me that we are creating, by our action in Con-
gress, a very bad system, under which all the
losses are on the side cf the Government, and
none of the profits. I think, sir, that if parties
with tbeir eyes wide open have made fair con-
tracts with the Government they should not be
allowed by Congress anything additional upon
their original contracts. If they do extra work
they should, as a matter of course, be paid for
it; but I think that we should not be called on
in cases of contracts with the Government to
pay anything beyond what the Government has
agreed to pay. This proposed investigation
into the facts is, of course, intended only as
the basis of a claim to be hereafter urged for
extra compensation; and for this reason I have
objected.
Mr. IIOTCHKISS. I desire to suggest to
the gentleman fromMissouri [Mr. IIogan] that,
in the first place, the Secretary of the Navy,
under our present laws, has full authority to
settle with these contractors for any extra work
which they may have performed. In the
second place, if on account of unforeseen cir-
cumstances—a great increase in the price of
labor or materials, or any thing of that kind
—the contract which these men made has
proved to be a hard contract, from which they
ought to be relieved, this commission to be ap-
pointed by tho Secretary of the Navy can give
Congress very little aid in tho settlement of
this case. Claims of this sort must properly
go before the Committee of Claims of each
House of Congress, and moot their approval
before being acted on. The commission here-
tofore appointed bv the Secretary of the Navy
in reference to tlie iron-clads has been a
positive injury to the claimants, because that
commission presents tho cases upon a basis on
which Congress cannot consider them. Thus
an obstacle is thrown in the way of the claim-
ants. The commission combines the cases of
tho claimants together. It does not discrim-
inate one case from another. It groups them
all together in one general measure, and says
that all the contractors must have a certain per-
centage additional on their contracts. Now,
in point of fact, one man may have made money
while another has lost; and therefore each case
should be considered separately and on its own
merits. Yet, by the action of this commission,
the different cases are all put in one omnibus
bill. I have no wish to interpose the slightest
objection to any proposition of the gentleman
from Missouri which may tend to assist con-
tractors who have really suffered loss in con-
sequence of what they have done for the Gov-
ernment ; but I do not beliovothis proposition
will be of any service to the men for whose
benefit it is intended.
Mr. I-10 GAN. Mr. Speaker, what we desire
to accomplish by this proposition is that this
case may come here as an isolated measure
standing solely upon its own merits. We do
not seek to put it into an omnibus bill. These
two vessels were built at the same yard by dif-
ferent parties.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Mr. Speaker,
it seems to me that this measure ought not to
pass. There are a great many contracts of a
character similar to this that have been taken
and executed by parties in all sections of the
country; and I do not know what authority
any commission to be appointed by the Secre-
tary of the Navy would have to go to a private
establishment and investigate its books and its
means of doing work, with a view to ascertain-
ing the actual cost of the work, so as to de-
termine what additional amount should be paid
upon the contract. If this proceeding were
authorized in any one case and were practica-
ble, I see no reason why it should not be done
in all other eases, and Congress would eertainly
have a large amount of business on its hands
if it should undertake to appoint a separate
commission to examine every case where a
contract has been made during the war for the.
building of ships or furnishing materials of
war, and the contractor claims to have suf-
fered loss. The appointment of a commission
to go out to St. Louis and make this investi-
gation would be attended with a great deal of
expense.
Now, sir, the Secretary of the Navy takes
the position that it is not within his power to
make extra compensation for work that has
been given out by contract. He refers all these
contractors to Congress, and says that when
he has carried out the terms of a contract he
has exhausted all his power in the premises ;
that if the contractors desire to receive any-
thing more on account of their contracts they
must apply to Congress for relief. Now, sir,
I see no reason why these parties should not
come here and present their claims in this way.
Let them present their petitions; and let those
petitions be referred to the appropriate com-
mittee, the Committee of Claims. Before that
committee tho parties will have an opportunity
to-state all the facts bearingupon the case. It
seems to me it would be altogether improper
and impracticable to adopt this proposition;
and if it could be carried out it would be
attended with very great expense, for which
I think there is no justification.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, I think that
gentlemen are somewhat mistaken in reference
to the objects contemplated by this proposition.
The claimants in this case expect to bring this
matter before the Committee of Claims at the
next, session. All that they wish is that the
matter shall be so presented, through the Navy
Department, as that the Committee of Claims
may.have before it the proper materials for a
correct judgment. The reason why these par-
ties have not been included in other bills which
have been presented to cover claims of this
sort—in the "omnibus bill," if I may so call
it, which has been passed by the Senate and
is now before the Committee of Claims of this
House—is that in consequence of the very low
stage of water in the Mississippi river when
these vessels were finished, according to the
new plan which the Department required, the
vessels could uot be got out safely to the place
where they were to be received. Hence the
parties had not an opportunity to present their
case in time before the action of the commis-
sion heretofore appointed by the Department
to investigate matters of this kind.
I think that if this commission were ap-
pointed to investigate the facts, the examina-
tion would perhaps facilitate the final settle-
ment of the matter by the Committee of Claims
at the next session. That is the only object I
have in view in asking at this time the adop-
tion of this resolution—simply that the matter
may be fairly brought before the Committee
of Claims through the action of tho Navy De-
partment.
The motion of Mi-. Hogan to suspend the
rules for the purpose of introducing the joint
resolution was not agreed to.
Mr. HOGAN. I move that the resolution
be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
washington city canal.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, submitted an adverse
report upon the bill (H. R. No. 502) to author-
ize a special tax for tho purpose of improving
the Washington city canal; which was laid on
the table.
major j. w. jacobs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am directed by the
Committee for the District of Columbia to move
that the committee be discharged from the far-
ther consideration of the petition of Major J.
W. Jacobs, and that the same be referred to
the Committee of Claims. #
The motion was agreed to.
MICHAEL MASH.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am directed by the
same committee to move that the committee
