1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
I want them to understand, too, tliat we believe
in the equality of States in the Union, and the
equality of men in the States. We believe in
the equality of the States and in the equality of
men; and thus believing, we demand security
for the future before we again intrust power to
men who, in the past, were false and recreant
to the cause of liberty and to the cause of their
country.
The Senator from Kentucky tells us that lie
iB Sorry to find a feeling of hostility here to-
ward the people of the rebel States; that he
would act as our officers act—meet them as
gentlemen and countrymen. I, too, would do
the same thing. I know there is no hostility
to the people of the rebel States. I speak for my
own State, and I say there are not a thousand
men in Massachusetts who entertain feelings of
unkindness or of hostility toward the people
of the rebel States. On the contrary, we want
them back here, and we want them with us
just as soon as we can have them here and have
with them ample guarantees and securities for
the rights of all men in the country. Now sir,
"1 know whereof I affirm" when I say that the
people of the loyal States, who have given their
sons and their blood to the putting down of this
rebellion, desire that the southern people shall
come back again, that all the seats in these
Chambers shall be filled; but we want them to
come back when we have secured ample _ and
irreversible guarantees for the rights and liber-
ties of all men; and I tell the Senator from
Kentucky further, that we mean to have them
and that we are sure to get them.
I know that there arc some persons and there
are some newspapers, some starveling journals
that eke out their precarious existence upon the
bounty we foolishly fling to them, who tell us
that the corrupting influences of public patron-
age ought to be used to arrest the great ideas
and practical measures we advocate in the_ ad-
justment of these questions of reorganization.
Now, I say to everybody who has that thought
in his brain that the people of this country; are.
in no temper to be sold. They have decided
that negroes shall not be bought nor sold, and
they are equally unanimous thatllieu Senators
and ^representatives slialTnol sell them for Gov-
ernment paUonage. If there is anybody in the
country who is disposed to be bought or sold
he will find that the American people will blast
him by their withering scorn and indignation.
Go to the two million soldiers who h.-u e fought
the battles of their country : go to the loyal men
who have furnished nearly three thousand mil-
lion dollars to meet the needs of your Treasury,
and attempt to buy them with the little petty
patronage of this Federal Government! I'hey
will spurn the bribe whenever you offer it. They
will scorn you and your patronage. This is not
the old Whig party, "that never professed to h ave
an idea on earth, 'a party that simply advocated
tariff's and banks' and. moneyed measures ; nor is
it the Democratic party corrupted by slavery.
Sir, it is a party that plants its foot on the
rock of ages, and has all the measureless moral
forces of the universe to sustain it. Prom a small
beginning, like the cloud in the heavens, not so
large as a man's hand, it has developed into a
gigantic, overmasteidng power, and has marched
on until it has twenty-three of the twenty-five
loyal States under its control, and I doubt not
it will take possession of the others about as
soon as it desires to get them. The earnest
men, who every time they look about their own
dwellings see the vacant chairs of dead sons
fallen in battle, who every time they cast their
sad eyes into their graveyards look upon the
little mounds that cover their kindred fallen in
battle, who see as they walk their streets maimed
and wounded neighbors who have fought and
bled for their country, are in no temper to be
trifled with, to be bought or to be sold. They
are stronger to-day for irreversible guarantees
than they were yesterday ; they will be stronger
to-morrow than they .are to-day ; and if anybody
desires lo put over the adjustments of these
questions to another year and to go before the
patriotic people of this country on that^ issue,
we shall welcome the contest. I predict the
result of such action will be that there will be
fewer in these Halls willing to allow these seats
to be filled without further guarantees. We are
not mistaken in these matters; we have not been
for a dozen years : we understand the American
people, their temper, and their purposes.
Sir, we want these freedmen protected; we
mean to have them protected. And there is
another thing which we want: we want it set-
tled that we are not to pay $2,000,000,000 for
slaves emancipated, and that we are not to
pay debts, whether they be $3,000,000,000 or
$10,000,000,000, incurred to destroy the coun-
try, and that we are not to pay pensions to men
who fought against their country, I tell Sena-
tors that in view of the manifestations in the
rebel States during the last sixty days, the hold-
ers of your public securities are growing anxious,
and some of them are more than anxious in re-
gard to those securities. Every hour thafrvast
capital, with its clear instincts, sees the danger
and will ward off the danger. I tell you that
the men who have been maimed and wounded
by the war, and who have fought your battles,
and who are pensioned by your Government for
the blood they have given to the country, ar(s
anxious in regard to the security of the future.
These mighty agencies, quietly reaching into
every village and hamlet of the country, are
working their potent influences, and the loyal
States are stronger to-day in demanding guar-
antees than they ever were, and will grow
stronger until those guarantees are secured.
Let the statesmen of the country who breathe
an atmosphere tainted with the breath of trai-
tors or of sycophants remember this declara-
tion. Let the men of the rebel States realize
the condition of affairs and accept the adjust-
ment that gives security to man and to property.
Sir, I know, too, that wo all want to reach
the end of a final settlement of all these ques-
tions. I do not desire to utter any reproaches
or to heap any opprobrium upon the people of
the rebel .States. 1 do not wish their money or
their blood; X would jiot take a dollar trom
them if I could, foi they have been punished
enough, more even than a generous foe would
inflict. 1 do not expect them before they eome
back here to love us or to be truly loyal: 1 do
not expect them to like this bureau ; 1 do not
think they like General Grant's order arrest-
ing the execution of their black laws; 1 do not
think they like any of the measures for the
protection of those who were lat ely their slaves;
! do not expect them to love us; I know they
will not love me. Hut our duty is to do jus-
tice, to treat them with generous magnanimity,
to demand what is right, for our good and their
(rood and the peace and repose of our common
country. The whole philosophy of our action
is in the sentence uttered by the Senator from
Kentucky, that we cannot degrade'any portion
of our population, or put a stain upon them,
without leaving heart-burnings and difficulties
that will endanger the future of our country.
These black men are a portion of our popula-
tion : they are free, as free as the Senator from
Kentucky or myself. Perhaps they are not,
some will say, equals ; but that is not a ques-
tion, I think, for us to discuss here. _ I wish that
every man that breathes God s air or walks
His green earth was my equal morally, physic-
ally, nnd intellectually. 1 know that 1 should
not be degraded by the elevation of any man or
all the men of the universe.
I think that the bill should be. parsed, and
passed promptly; and the little money that it
costs, although "it looks large, is but the merest
trifle in comparison with the great end to be
attained. This bureau will not exist forever.
1 have no idea that there will be occasion fru-
it to last any great length of time ; but. so long
as it is needed, so long 1 believe the Christian
men and women of this country will demand
i that it shall be continued. It is demanded by
| all the people that go into these States to trans
act business. We hear a great deal about evi-
dence coming from the rebel States, and 1 have
been very much surprised to hear eerrain evi-
dence questioned here. r! here is hardlva town-
ship in the lojal States thai has not some one
of its men in tlie rebel' States; he lias kindred
at home, he has neighbors at home, and ?tK^
loyal States are shingled over with letters from
innumerable witnesses in every portion of those
States; their testimony is worth' more than "that
of all the officials in the United States, and will
have a thousand times 'riiore influence with the*
people. If a gen tie mahfromniy neighborhood,
whom I know to'be a gentleman of honor and
of personal character, is traveling iiv the 11OFr't
of Mississippi, and he writes to me &irit tells
me of what he has seen and found there,- and
of the Condition of the people, ata I-to- throw
it aside for the statement of some one who has
run perhaps through a corner of the State in, a
railroad car ? Of course I shall not do it; and
I tell Senators that the people of this country
will pay more deference to the utterances of
their neighbors whom they know than to all the
speeches we can make, or all the public dobu-
ments wo can manufacture.
We know how many of us breathe the air
tainted with the breath of traitors, and we know
its influence. The people of the loyal State?
are out on their own fee-simple acres in the clear
country where they are away from these per-
sonal associations and these professions,where
they see things clearly as they are. Therefore
the country demands the strengthening of this
bureau, the enlargement of its powers, the in-
crease of schools, and the instruction, protec-
tion. and elevation of a race. The country
knows it will be security for the future, and -will
harm no right-minded and well-disposed man in
any section of the country, 'ft hat we advocate
in'this measure is for the security of all,-the
harm of none; the benefit of all, the injury of
none: and it is So with the measure to follow
it that is to protect these people. Therefore,
sir, 1 hope we shall, as we have in the legisla-
tion of the past live years, go steadily straight-
forward and onward to enact the needed laws
that, tend to the freedom, the elevation, the im-
provement of all our people, and the strength
of our country. Sir, just in proportion as_we
have enacted justice, a - we have been faith-
ful to the country and to liberty,have we pros-
pered. As we have passed the series of meas-
\ tires beginning in July. 18<>], up to the present
| time, for the security, the liberty, and the pro-
: tection of all people, it seems as though God had
opened the heavens and rained blessings upon
our country, and that the country is stronger
now and lias a greater influence in the world
thau ever before. All that we have got. to do is
, to go right on with this work. Let timid men
| bait, lef anybody halt who will, we know that
. wc ;\re right; we have a recm d that is flashing
! with light from the past. Let us do this, not
i talk' about war, but let us engage in a vigorous
! prosecution of peace, and we shall put this
! country where it will have a power among the
| nations bv the beauty of its life that will control
I the world and change the destinies of nations.
I Mr. COWAN. Mr. President, under the Con-
! sli'lution of the United States, an instrument
which we all upon entering this Chamber swore
to support, maintain, and observe and that
oath I presume we mean to keep : at least the
country looks upon us to keep it—-this Govern-
ment has certain powers. The first, class may
| be said to bo municipal. Lnder that class it
j cannot be pretended, T think, by anybody that
' we have any authority whatever lo create abu-
i rean, whether for freedmen or freemen, whether
; for black men or white men, or men of any other
i I particular color in any of t he States. We have no
II ri"ht. 1 o select out from t lie citizens ofPennsylva-
j! nia, if you please, orthecitizens of N ewY ork, any
|! particular class of men and withdraw them from
ji the operation of State laws and put them within
|| the peculiar control and protection of such in-
| stitutions as we may create here for their ben-
!j efit. I think, sir, that I may say that there is
jj no lawyer in the country, throughout the length
I' and breadth of it,v who would ever contend that
we have that power delegated to us by the Amer-
i: iean people under the Constitution of the Uni-
!| ted Stales, which ConM'.iuliou, T say agam, we
j; lia\o all taken a solemn oath to support anu
>i maintain.
