16.66."
THE CONG11ESSIONAL GLOBE.
4265
be discharged from the further consideration
of the petition of Michael Mash, and that the
same be referred to the Committee of Claims.
The motion was agreed to.
RAILROADS IN MISSISSIPPI.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I ask unanimous
consent to introduce a bill to revive and con-
tinue in force the provisions of an act granting
public lands, in alternate sections, in the State
of Mississippi, to aid in the construction of
railroads in said State, and for other purposes,
approved August 11, 1850. I desire to state
that this bill was handed to me by an officer of
a southern railroad. Personally I,know noth-
ing of its merits. It was handed to me some-
time ago, but I have not had an opportunity
heretofore to introduce it.
There being no objection, the bill was read
a first and second time and referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
ASSASSINATION OF PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of considering at this
time the resolutions reported by the Judiciary
Committee relative to the alleged complicity
of Jefferson Davis and others in the assassi-
nation of President Lincoln.
The motion was agreed to.
The resolutions were read, as follows :
Resolved, That there is no defect or insufficiency in
the present state of the law to prevent or interfere
with the trial of Jefferson Davis for the crime of trea-
son or any other crime for which there may bo prob-
able ground for arraigning him before the tribunals
of the country.
Resolved further, That it is tho duty of the execu-
tive department of tho Government to proceed with
the investigation of the facts connected with the as-
sassination of the late President, Abraham Lincoln,
without unnecessary delay, that Jefferson Davis and
others named in the proclamation of President John-
son of May 2,1865, may be put upon trial and prop-
erly punished if guilty, or relieved from tho charges
against them if found to be innocent.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I demand the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were agreed to.
Mr. BOUTWELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were agreed to ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. SCHENCK. I move that by unanimous
consent the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union be discharged from tho fur-
ther consideration of a bill for the relief of
Norman Wiard, that the House may proceed
to its consideration at the present time.
Mr. CONKLING. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope that the gentle-
man from New York [Mr. Conklixg] will
not persist in his objection. This matter was
before the House at the last Congress, but
was not acted on. I think that if gentlemen
will listen to the reading of the bill they will
make no objection to it. In my judgment,
very few bills so meritorious as this have come
before this House. I appeal to the gentleman
from New York to withdraw his objection.
Mr. CONIvLING. I do not know of any-
thing more meritorious than the consistency
with which this House, during the last thirty-
six hours, has avoided acting upon private bills
of this sort. It is too late to take them up and
consider them properly. I make this remark
regardless of the merits of any individual cases.
I have no reason to doubt the gentleman's state-
ment that this is a meritorious bill; but it
should be considered at a proper season; and
I think that, six o'clock in the morning of the
day of final adjournment, when the House is
awaiting the report of a committee of confer-
ence, is not the proper time for acting upon a
bill involving so much money as I understand
this does. I must therefore insist upon my
objection.
REPORT ON MEMPHIS RIOTS.
Mr. SHANKLIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to a
privileged question. The order of the House
in reference to the printing of the reports on
the disturbances at Memphis was, as I under-
stand, that the majority and minority reports
should be printed together. It appears, how-
ever, that this order has not been obeyed; for
I have here a copy of the majority report,
printed alone, unaccompanied? by the minor-
ity report. I move that the order of the House
be executed.
The SPEAKER. As to the extra copies
ordered to-day, the order was that the major-
ity and minority reports should be printed to-
gether. The Chair does not recollect what
was the order as to the printing of the regular
number.
Mr. SHANKLIN. That was the order of
the House on the adoption of the first motion
to print.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will direct that
the order of the House, whatever it may have
been, be executed.
Mr. LE BLOND. I would like to know by
what authority the Public Printer, when this
House orders that a majority and minority re-
port shall be printed together, sends into this
House tho majority report alone, excluding
the minority report. This is the second occa-
sion when, the House having ordered the print-
ing of the majority and minority reports to-
gether, the majority report has been printed
alone, excluding the minority report. If I can
ascertain whose duty it is to see that the orders
of this House are executed in good faith, I am
ready to introduce a resolution of censure
against that officer.
Mr. BROOMALL. In reference to this copy
of the majority report printed alone, I desire to
ask the gentleman whether he knows where and
by whom it was printed—whether he knows that
it was printed by the Public Printer.
Mr. LE BLOND. Well, Mr. Speaker, that
is a very singular question.
The SPEAKER. It is the essential ques-
tion. If the report was printed at a private
office, of course this is not a privileged ques-
tion.
Mr. LE BLOND. Of course it is not. But,
sir, who ever heard of any private establish-
ment printing a report ordered by this House,
and bringing it in here?
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman will send
up the report upon which he founds his re-
marks, the Speaker will rule upon it.
Mr. LE BLOND. I will do so with pleasure.
The SPEAKER, (examining the document.)
This is the print of the Public Printing Office ;
but it appears to be simply a proof-sheet folded,
a number of the pages being blank, as the paper
is printed only on one side.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is very remarkable
that we should have the proof-sheet of the
majority report only.
The SPEAKER. The minority reportprob-
ably is to be set up.after the majority report.
Mr. LE BLOND. It is to be hoped it will be.
The SPEAKER. When any gentleman pre-
sents the report of the majority, regularly issued
and printed separately, the Chair will rule upon
the question. This is not the regular issue of
the report, but is evidently only a proof-sheet.
The Chair has not examined tho Journal to
ascertain whether the reports were originally
ordered to be printed together. If they were,
and if the order be not carried out, the Chair
will rule that it is a matter for investigation by
the House.
Mr. BROOMALL. If the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Le Bloxd] had taken the trouble to
askf me in reference to this matter, I think I
could have saved him a great deal of uneasi-
ness. It happens that I sent this morning to
the Public Printer for fifteen copies (I think
that was the number) of this report for my own
use. When they were brought to me I found
what the Speaker has stated, that they were
made up of proof-sheets, showing that the
report was not yet ready to be issued.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would ask the
gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Shanklist,]
who prepared tho minority report, whether he
has sent for the proof of his report.
Mr. SHANKLIN. I have not.
The SPEAKER. Probably if the, geatlemaa
sends for it he will obtain it.
Mr. SHANKLIN. The copy of the ma-
jority report which I had was furnished to
me by the gentleman, from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Beoomali,.]
Mr. BROOMALL. At the gentleman's, re*
quest.
POST ROAD BRIDGES.
Mr. HOGAN, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to repeal the second section of an
act to authorize the construction of certain
bridges, and to establish them as post roads;
which was read a first and second time ana
referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
NORMAN WIARD.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to discharge the
Committee of the Whole House on the Pri-
vate Calendar from the further consideration
of the bill for the relief of Norman Wiard.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 object.
Mr. BINGHAM. This is a just claim, and
ought to be passed. It has been fully consid-
ered by the Committee on Military Aflairs, and
met with their entire approval. It provides
for the payment to Mr. Wiard of the balance
of money due him for money expended in fur-
nishing two steamers to the Government, and
which were delivered at Hilton Head. The
whole amount of money has been expended for
the use of the Government; and, as I under-
stand, this claimant is now suffering for the
want of that which has justly been found due
him.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. There is
not a quorum present, and this not the time to
pass a bill of this character.
Mr. BINGHAM. I move to suspend the
rule in order that the Committee of the Whole
House may be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the bill.
The rules were suspended.
The bill appropriates the sum of $25,511 12
to pay the claim of Norman Wiard for the de-
livery of steamers at Hilton Head.
Mr. BINGHAM. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. WARD. I ask that the report of the
committee be read.
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no report.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is a report in prep-
aration in the hands of the gentleman from New
Hampshire, [Mr. Marston.] I will, with the
permission of the House, say one word. If
there ever was a fair claim against the Govern-
ment I believe this to be one, a case in which
the gentleman named in the bill has suffered
to the amount of thousands of dollars by no
wrong of his own, but because he has been un-
able to get a settlement from the Government
which is justly his due. Tt has been thoroughly
considered. Cart loads of paper have been sent
from the quartermaster's department, in which
there was the highest testimony of the claim.
He contracted for two steamers. He offered
them to the Government at 800,000 apiecc.
They jewed him down to $80,000 apiece. They
were vessels of light draught. They then kept
him waiting. He then agreed if the Govern-
ment would pay $50,000 apicce on the steamers
leaving New York he would deliver the steam-
ers at Fortress Monroe, which was provided in
the original understanding to be the place at
which they were to be delivered. They never
paid the $50,000 at once, I think, but made
partial payments afterward. Instead of deliv-
ering tho vessels at Fortress Monroe, he was
compelled to deliver them at Hilton Head ; and
before they arrived there one of them, was
beached, causing him great loss in various^ways.
They were the vessels by which James Island
was captured. He has only received a partial
payment, and the committee report this bal-
ance to be due him.
Mr. GARFIELD. I hope my colleague will
yield to roe.
Mr. SCHENCK. Certainly.
Mr. STROUSE. I wish to ask the gentle-
