2866
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
of the Senator from Maryland to the complaints
that prevail in my own State and throughout
the whole Northwest in regard to the railroad
system of Maryland. In regard to thatlittle com-
plaint about the baggage, I may say, although
the Senator has not charge of the baggage, that
I presume it. has created more dissatisfaction
with the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Com-
pany than all other things combined. It arises
from the fact that every woman, child, or man
who desires to go from here to the W est, through
Baltimore and Harrisburg, cannot get through
the city of Baltimore with the ordinary facili-
ties that are furnished ip all other places that I
know of in the United States. We cannotbuy a
ticket from here to go any way cxcept one ; and
that little impediment of a mile between the end
of one railroad and another in Baltimoreismade
more onerous and more troublesome than five
hundred miles of railroad travel; and in some
cases I have myself gone to Baltimore for the
purpose of seeing ladies who were traveling to
the West through that gap. Every Senator
who travels to the West knows that he cannot
get his trunk checked from here to Harrisburg,
and so westward. It is one of those little an-
noyances which are very hard to bear, and I
have been surprised again and again that the
Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company have not
adopted the plan which is adopted in almost
every city iu the Union. You can go from here
to Boston, through Philadelphiaand New York,
and check your baggage through; but you
cannot get a ticket from Cleveland to Wash-
ington. You can to Baltimore, and then must
get through Baltimore the best way you can,
and perhaps have to hire a hack at considera-
ble expense to get yourself and baggage through
the city.
I desire to state anpther point if I do not
interrupt my friend 
Mr. CRESWELL. Not at all.
Mr. SHERMAN. The other complaint is
that the State of Maryland has by some means
or other by legislation prevented the comple-
tion of a road up the beautiful valley in which
Hagerstown lies, so as to connect in that way
with Harrisburg, and there is no means of
communication between Washington and Har-
risburg by way of Hagerstown.
Mr. JOHNSON. A road is being built
there now.
Mr. SHERMAN. These are matters of
complaint against the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad and the State of Maryland, and they
are generally grouped together because it is
said that the Baltimore and Ohio railroad con-
trols to some extent the legislation of Mary-
land. That it is so I do not vouch for ; but
these arc complaints constantly made by the
people of my State, who, as they lie right in
the road of travel westward, feel these things
more, perhaps, than any other State. I will
say, in regard to Ohio, that our laws from the
first have been extremely liberal; they allow
anybody to build railroads anywhere in the
Stale of Ohio who is willing to risk the invest-
ment. It seems to mo that rule ought to be
applied to all the States. As the Senator had
alluded to the policy of his own State and
to the Baltimore and Ohio railroad, I deemed
it but right and just to say that these com-
plaints arc general, and especially the first
one, almost universal.
Mr. JOHNSON. If my colleague who is
entitled to the floor will permit me a word, I
will say that I do not know where the fault lies
in regard to the absence of any arrangement
about chocking baggage and .selling tickets
through ; but there has not been, unfortunately,
an agreement between the Baltimore and Ohio
railroad and the railroad that runs from the
city of Baltimore to Harrisburg. General Cam-
eron has been at the head of the latter com-
pany ; and either with or without cause, I do
not know which—I do not pretend to decide
which is to blame, if cither is to blame—there
has been no accord between them. It is be-
cause of that difference that they have been
unable to make an arrangement which it is
necessary to make in order to check baggage
through and give tickets through. The Balti-
more and Ohio railroad, however, give tickets
through everywhere except by way of Harris-
burg.
Mr. CRESWELL. As the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio has made certain inquiries in
regard to the present and proposed action of
the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad Company, I
will state that I happen to have in my hand a
speech of the president of that company made
at the last annual meeting, which speech I think
will afford the Senator all the information he
may desire on the subject he has presented.
If the Senator will pardon me, I will read some
passages from this speech:
" Under the charter granted by the Legislature of
Maryland atits lastsession.yourengineers havebeen
diligently engaged in locating a route from the Point
of Rocks to Washington. I ain gratified to inform
you that they have so far progressed as to be able to
state that the line from that point, which is now via
the main stem and Relay House to Washington,
ninety-one miles, will be reduced to forty-five miles,
thus secuiing for the travel of the Southwest and the
great "West, a reduction in distance of forty-six
miles.
"Notwithstanding thePennsylvaniaRailroad Com-
pany and the Northern Central Railroad Company,
whilst overflowing with professions to members of
Congress and others regarding their anxiety for an
improved line to the Capital; notwithstanding those
parties have antagonized a further improvement of
the highest utility and importance to the seat of
Government, namely, the prosecution of the Pitts-
burg and Connellsville road, from Connollsville to
Cumberland, 1 am gratified to state that the United
States district court have, in a decision heretofore
rendered, distinctly maintained the rights of that
company, under its charter, to construct the line.
" You all remember that the State of Pennsylvania
granted the charter for this road: that fifty-eight
miles of the road were constructed, and when the
Baltimore and Ohio Company, recovering from its
disasters and losses intho early part of the war, feel-
ing it a duty, in the then situation of the country,
Srepared for the construction of that work, that the
on. Ihomas A. Scott, vice president of the Penn-
sj'lvaniaroad, visited Harrisburg, and by his personal
efforts and the influence of the Pennsylvania Rail-
road Company, as reliably stated, insisted upon that
Legislature rescinding the charter ot^ the Pittsburg
and Connellsville road for the unfinished portion of
its line.
"Cut, gentlemen, the great requirements of the
country, fully allied with the rights and equities of
the case, will overwhelm and control the unjust
efforts of parties who, in attempting to aggrandize
other interests, improperly oppose those of the
public.
"The Baltimore and Ohio Company and those
associated with it are prepared to complete that short
line to Pitt«hnrg, and thus by this improved route
reduce the distancotoWashingtonseventy-twomiles
fiom lhat central point in the West. While the re-
lations to the national capital of the vast popula-
tions of the States of the Northwest are identified
with this enterprise as well as their great agricultu-
ral interests, which would"thus secure a route so much
shorter and more economical to the sea-board, the
city of Pittsburg and western Pennsylvania are still
more, deeply and thoroughly interested in the prose-
cution of this work.
Almost as one man, the merchants and manufactu-
rers, tho capitalists and the people of thatcity and
of western Pennsylvania demand tho construction
of this road: and well they may, for with this line
completed, and a direct outlet to Washington and
Baltimore thus effected, the city of Pittsburg has in
its future a position scarcely secondary to Philadel-
phia itself. With its vast mineral resources and
varied natural advantages, it is already the Bir-
mingham of America; andwith thisdoubleandpower-
fnl avenuethusopened foritspeople.a concentration
of trade, and increase of manufacturing wealth and
progress in ail that makes communities great and
prosperous, is before that city, of an unparalleled
character."
He then proceeds to state the manner in which
he proposes to secure the means neccssary for
that work:
"In this connection, it is proper to state that the
distinguished gentlemen from 1-lngland who recently
visited this country in relation to American raiiway
interests, were struck with the marked necessity as
well as the great importance of this line; and that
eminent, sagacious, and able gentleman, Sir S. Mor-
ton Peto, on behalf of the Atlantic and Great West-
ern Railway Company, stated that in connection with
the construction of the roads from Point of Rocks to
Washington, and from Connellsville to Cumberland,
capital would be promptly furnished and vigorous
measures taken to complete the road from Cleveland,
via Youngstown, to Pittsburg, and thus furnish^ to
members of Congress and all other parties visiting
the capital of the United States, a route from Cleve-
land and the whole region of the lakes and North-
west, eighty-four miles shorter than any existing
line."
I hope that is satisfactory to tho Senator
from Ohio on that point.
Mr. SHERMAN. I said when T spoke
before that the Baltimore and Ohio Railroad
Company favored the Connellsville road; but
that was resisted by the Pennsylvania Central.
The other road, though, from the Point of
Rocks through Hagerstown to Harrisburg, is
a point about which I think Mr. Garrett is not
quite so satisfactory.
Mr. CRESWELL. I am not prepared to
furnish the gentleman with information on that
subject. I am At aware, however, of any hos-
tility by the Legislature of Maryland to .tho
construction of a railroad from Hagerstown to
the Point of Rocks; and I know that a road
is now being constructed from Hagerstown east-
ward to connect with the Baltimore and Ohio
road, (at what point I am not prepared to say,)
and that this connecting link, when completed,
will afford to passengers from Harrisburg and
the Cumberland valley an immediate outlet
by way of the Baltimore and Ohio railroad to
Washington and Baltimore. That, I suppose,
is the desideratum the gentleman speaks of.
There is only one other complaint, and that
is in reference to baggage. Now, in regard to
that, let me say that I will use my personal in-
fluence with the president of the Baltimore and
Ohio Railroad Company—I know it does not
amount to much—and I am sure if the gentle-
man's trouble in that respect can be remedied
it will be done.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can tell the Senator that
he will in that way do thousands of men and a
great many very estimable ladies a great benefit.
Mr. CRESWELL. I will turn my philan-
thropy in that direction and endeavor to benefit
my own sex and make the ladies happy.
Mr. President, I have only a few words more
to say, and I think the interruption of the Sen-
atorfrom Ohio perhaps gives mean opportunity
to say them with a little more pertinency. The
State of Maryland has a right to call upon the
West, whose works of improvementshe has aided
to nurture by the mostliberal donations of pub-
lic lands, at least to abstain from any legislation
which will prove inimical to her most important
interests. As I stated just now and proved,
Maryland has invested $36,000,000 of her own
hard money in her works>of internal improve-
ment. Not one dollar for that purpose, so far
as I am informed, has she ever received from
the General Government.
To the States of the West, Maryland has
voted with a generous heart large portions of
that great domain which she long ago relin-
quished to the Union for the common good.
It has been my policy since I have been in
Congress to respond cordially to all the claims
of the West; I am perfectly willing, if neces-
sary, to give them a proper system of internal
improvements ; that they shall have every acre
of the jpublic lands. I am willing to aid them
to the full extent of the Government. We ask
no assistance from tho Government; we merely
ask that the Government will not subvert our
own system and will not cause us to lose the
immense amount of expenditure that we have
already made for that purpose. We have
already lost in our efforts to promote commerce
between the other States of the Union and the
internal commerce of Maryland one tenth of
all the assessable property in the State. We
have lost between twenty-seven and twenty-
eight million dollars out of two hundred and
eighty millions ; and if the scheme of which I
believe this bill is the forerunner is now
adopted, and the Congress of the United States
shall assume jurisdiction over all these rail-
road interests, it will result not only in the
destruction of the roads which have been made
already, but utterly to destroy the prospects of
the State in the future.
Now, sir, what is the fact? In this country
we are unable to build railroads by means of
the capital of each separate locality. The Gov-
ernment does not purpose investing a thousand
millions during the next ten years in railroads,
as the States, and the enterprise of individuals
assisted by the States, have done in the last ten
years. The only security for all this money is
found in the rights, franchises, and privileges
conferred by State charters; and if Congress
shall undertake by a new system of legislatiosi
