1408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 14,
received on goods transported. The object of
this amendment is to have an application of
these freights, whatever they may be, to the
payment of the appropriation made in the joint
resolution.
Mr. BANKS. I am opposed to it for the
reason that it does not change the original ap-
propriation. The section as it originally stood
required the application of any amount paid to
discharge the expenses incurred for the trans-
portation specified in the resolution, which in
the gross were not to escced S100.000. I pro-
pose now to strike out the section altogether,
■which E hope the gentleman will not object to.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. P.uxe, it was disagreed to.
Mr. CONKLINOh I move to strike out the
last word for the purpose of making an inquiry.
I wish to know whether there is any provision
made for the transportation of commissioners.
Mr. BANKS. No provision is made for
transportation either of the commissioners from
the States or the commissioners from the Gen-
eral Government.
Mr. CONKLING-. Then it seems to me that
that is a very grave omission. As the joint res-
olution now stands, it gives at least passage
transportation to the commissioners from the
States. X oiv, I understand from my friend that
his State, for example, has already appointed
an accomplished geologist to visit this Expo-'
sition ; and other States, 1 am told, have ap-
pointed agents. It seems to me if there is any
value at all in these commissioners, any reason
why they should be appointed and paid by the
General Government, we ought at least to make
some provision here in reference to those State
commissioners (to whom nothing is to be paid
and for whom, nothing is to be paid) by which
they shall be at least carried to and fro m these
public vessels which are to be sent; and I
suggest to the gentleman from Massachusetts
whether there ought not to be an insertion in
liis proposition which shall give these men from
the States at least so much of recognition as to
enable them to have passage in a Government
vessel. I withdraw my amendment.
The question was then taken on the motion
of Mr. JBaxks to strike out section three, and
it was agreed to.
The Clerk read the last section, as follows :
!?ec. 5. And be it further veto!ve</, That so much of
the joint roolul 1011 iclAtiiisr to the Industiiul Expo-
sition. approVL-d January 1;>, 18i,tx nmay bo incon-
sistent wih tlio lore^oins resolutions, is hereby re-
pealed.
Mr. BANKS. This section repeals the res-
olution approved January 15. By that resolu-
tion the salaries of the clerks at New York
were fixed at 81,800, 81,000, and §1,400, and
therefore ought to be repealed. Of course
there can bo no objection to that.
I now move that the committee rise.
Mr. TAYLOR. I desire to move an amend-
ment so asjto say a few words.
Mr. BANKS. Very well, I withdraw the
motion for that purpose.
Mr. TAYLOH. I move to strike out the
last, section.
Mr. Chairman, I am opposed to this meas-
ure. Wo have had from the commencement
of ihis session petition after petition from the
veterans of 1812, asking to be placed on the
pension roll. We have had applications from
loyal men who have lost their whole property
during the rebellion. All these petitions have
been refused for the reason of the enormous
debt which the Government is laboring under,
for which we are taxed almost beyond endur-
ance.
We have the soldiers that enlisted in 1861
and 18fi- asking for an equalization of bounty,
but we have refused it upon the same ground.
There are oil these troops asking that they may
be placed on the pension roll and receive a
bounty from this Government, all of which is
refused. It does seem to me inconsistent at
this time that a proposition making so large an
appropriation as this should be entertained for
oae moment by this House.
This bill will cause an expenditure of nearly
half a million dollars. The chairman of the
committee is endeavoring to figure it down,
but taking the calculation made by the Sec-
retary of the Navy, asking for something like
three hundred thousand dollars, and then add-
ing the other expenses it will in the end, I have
no doubt, amount to $500,000. This seems to
me to be inconsistent with our previous action,
and I might say almost infamous. We have
rejected all of the just claims for the purpose
of making an appropriation, for what? It does
seem to me that it is for no other purpose than
for a grand advertisement of the manufacturers
of this country, a class of persons who arc bet-
ter able to pay their own expenses for adver-
tising than the General Government is at this
time.
I trust, therefore, that when this joint reso-
lution is finally submitted for a vote, upon these
considerations, and others which have been
forcibly urged by gentlemen on this floor, the
joint resolution will be voted down.
I now withdraw my amendment.
Mr. BANKS. I move that the committee
rise and report the bill to the House.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
ing resumed the chair, Mr. Wilsox, of Iowa,
reported that (lie Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, having had under con-
sideration the Union generally, and particu-
larly House bill No. 52, to provide for the
expenses attending the exhibition of the prod-
ucts of industry of the United States at the
Exposition at Paris in 18G7, had directed liim
to report the same to the House, with sundry
amendments, and with the recommendation
that the bill do pass.
Mr. BANKS. I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
'The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were agreed to in gross.
The bill was ordered to bo engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. BANKS. I only desire to make one
remark. Several gentlemen who have opposed
the passage of this joint resolution have sug-
gested that it is for the benefit of the manu-
facturers and not of the agriculturists of the
country. 1 desire to s.'ty that the manufacturers
of the country will not gain any direct advantage
from this Inhibition at all. They cannot com-
i pete with the manufacturers of Europe ; they
cannot gain the tiadc of Europe. All the ad-
vantage to be derived from this Exhibition by
the American people will be for the western
portion of the country, in the development of
the sources of our wealth and power. It is
they and those that are identified with the
future power of this country especially who
will be benefited by this representation at the
Exhibition.
I move the previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered, being upon the passage
of the joint resolution.
Mr. WASHBUIINE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays on the passage of the joint
resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was dccided
in the affirmative—yeas 70, nays 50, not vot-
ing Go ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley. Allison. Ames. Ancoria, An-
derson, James M. Ashley, Banks, B.dwell, Jii m'.'hnm,
Boutwell, Boyor, .Bundy, Chanler, Coffroth, Oullom,
Darling-, Dawes, Delano, Dixon, Donnelly, Eliot,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grinnell,
Hart, Henderson, iJr/n.y, Hill, Holmes, Hooper, Ches-
ter I>. Hubbard, Edwin N. llubbell, Huiburd, James
Humphrey, lngersoll, Jeaclses, Julian, Kuykendall,
Laflm, Latham, Marshall, Marvin, JIcTluor, Miller,
Morris, Myers, Nicholson, O'Neill, Orth. Perham,
j Plants, William II. Ilandall, Kaymond, Alexander
i H. Kiee, John H. Rice, Spalding, Starr, Taber,
| Thayer. Franeis Thomas. Trowbiidse, Upson. Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Warner, William B. Wash-
burn, Windoin, and Wmfield—'70.
KAYS — Messrs. Baker, Barker, Boaman, Bergen,
I Blaine, Bromwel'l, Broomall, Buckland, Reader W.
Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Doming, 01 ossbrenner,
Goodyear. Grider, Aaron Harding, AbnerC. Harding,
Harris, Hayes, AsahelW.Hubbard, Dema?Hubbard,
James R. Hubbell, Jones, ICeir. Kctchain, ffeorge V.
Lawrence, William Lawrence. Le Blond, Loan, Me-
Clurg:, Paine. Pike, Price, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, Bitter, Ross, Sawyer, Shcllabareer, Sitgreaves,
Sloan, Stevens, Taylor, Thornton, Trimble, Elihu
B. Washburne, Whaley, Williams, and James i\
Wilson—50.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Baldwin,
Baxter, Benjamin, Blow, Brandcgoe, Brooks,Sidney
Clarke, Culver, Davis, Dawson, Defrees, Donison,
Driggs, Dumont, Ecklcy, Eggleston, Eld ridge, Finck,
Guswold, Hale, Hogan, HotohSuss, John II. Hub-
bard, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, ICasson, Kel-
loy, Kelso, Longycar, Lynch, Marston, MeCullough,
Mclndoe, McKee, Mcrcur, Moorhead, Morrill, Moul-
ton, Newell, Niblaek, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pom-
eroy, Rogers. Rollins. Rousseau, Sohenck Scofield,
Shanklin, Smith, Stilivell, Strouso. John L. Thomas,
Robeit T. Van Horn, Ward. Henry D. Washburn,
Welker.Wcntworth, Stephen I'\ Wilson,Woodbridgo,
and "Wright—1!3,
So the bill was passed.
During the roll-call,
Mr. MOORHEAD said : I am paired upon
this question with my colleague, Mr. Wilson.
I should vote ay; he would vote no.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS said: I am paired with
my colleague, Mr. McCullough. He would
have voted no ; I would have voted ay.
Mr. WHALEY said: I am requested to state
that Mr. Ward is absent from the House on
account of sickness.
The result of the votehavingbeen announced
as above recorded,
Mr. BANIvS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider ba
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOLDING EVENING SESSIONS
On motion o!* Mr. STEVENS, the order of
the House that a recess be taken each day, ex-
cept Saturday, from four and a half p. in. to
seven and a half p. m., was suspended for'to-
morrow.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
twenty minutes to ten o' clock p. m.,) the House
adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &<?., were presented under
the rule, and referred to appropriate committees:
By the SPEAKER: The petition of John Moores,
David Jlervey, William Rutenhonse, James Max-
well, and others, wool-growers of Ohio, asking for pro-
tection to their interests.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: A petition from Messrs.
Jackson & Co., and others, business men of Toledo,
Ohio, remonstrating against the passage of the bill
authorizing the Postmaster General to sell stamped
envelopes at the same price of stamps.
Also, the petition of B.B. Van Court, Mary Ann Van
Court, and over 500 others, citizens of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, and Michigan, acrainst the recognition of the
late rebel States until said States shall securc impar-
tial suffrage to all citizens of the United States, with-
out regard to race or color.
By Mr. BAXTER: The petition of Asahel S. Hyde,
and others, of Franklin, Vermont, asking additional
duties on wool.
By Mr. BEAMAN: The petition of the Board of
Trade of the city of Detroit, asking for a grant of
land for the construction of a ship-canal to connect
Lake Superior with Lac la Belle, for the purpose of
furnishing a suitable harbor for shipping upon said
Lake Superior.
By Mr. GARFIELD: The petition of 110 citizens
of Randolph, Portage county, Ohio, praving for the
equalization of bounties ot soldiers iorlSol, 1862, and
1863.
By Mr. GRIDER: The petition of Solomon Long,
for a pension.
By Mr. LONG-YEAR: The memorial of stockhold-
ers, and others, citizen? of Michigan, in relation to the
Amboy, Landing and Travoise P.ny railroad.
By Mr. MERCUR: The petition of 44 honoraMy
discharged soldiers of Bradford county, Pennsylvania,
praying that all soldiers who were- enrolled previous
to October 24,1803, may be oranted the same pay and
bounties as wereallowed to soldiers who enlisted after
that date.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition of assistant assessors
of internal revenue, asking for an increase of pay.
By Mr. SCHENCIC: The petition of 119 soldiers of
Preble county, Ohio, for equal bounties.
■ By Mr. VAN AERNAM: The petition of 33 citi-
zens, prominent business men of Westlield, New York,
praying Congress to enact just and equal laws for the
regulations of inter-State insurance of all kinds.
Also, 1 he petition of 48 citizens, prominent business
men of Dunkirk, New York, for the same purpose.
Also, the petition of 33 citizens, prominent bu&iness
men of Jamestown, New York, for the same purpose.
