THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 22,
^We have another class of powers under the
same\Constitution which are not municipal in
their character, but which enable us to deal
with people who are not in obedicnce to the
law$ of the country, whoare not acknowledging
our supremacy in that behalf. Those have been
called here war powers, or rather belligerent
rights against a belligerent operating as such
againstus. Now, I presume—I suppose nobody
pretends otherwise—that the color and ground
upon which we placed the Freedmen's Bureau
was that of a belligerent right j that a portion
of the United States hadoccupied or taken that
position against us, and enabled us by that
means to bring into play upon them those rights
which are denominated belligerent. If that be
true, (and I suppose it cannot be controverted
•very well,) then the operation of this bureau
could, lawfully apply only in that portion of the
Union which was in an attitude ot belligerency
against the United States. My amendment
simply proposes to confine it there. I do not
undertake to decide by my amendment whether
that attitude is still maintained by those States;
I do not believe it is; but I am very certain that
the loyal States of this Union are not by any
means at present within the grasp of the war
Sowera of this Government, and I for one am
etermined to resist here and everywhere any
attempt whatever to put the iron hand of this
Governmentupon any State which has notbeen
in rebellion, and to give belligerent rights as
against the peaceful people who rely upon the
provisions of their Constitution. Sir, what is
tyranny ? Is it not usurped rights, or rather
things which are alleged to be rights andusurped
upon the ground of necessity? There never was
any tyranny in the world which did not set up
quite as strong a plea for necessity as is set up
here.
But that is not the question. This is not a
Government in which there is any room for
the play of fancy or for the play of'a desire for
dominion. This is a Government of law; and
if there is anything in the world which eontra-
distinguishesjt from all other G overnment s upon
the earth, it is that it is a Government by law
and a Government of law; and whoever un-
dertakes to assert a power or exercise an au-
thority under it, is bound to put his finger upon
the law which authorizes it. If we undertake
to assert an authority here, or exercise a power,
we arc bound to show by the organic law, the
Constitution, from whence we derive it.
Where, then, is the authority given in the
Constitution to establish a Freed men's Bureau in
Maryland or in Pennsylvania? Let me suppose,
tor instance, that somebody had proposed this
thing ten years ago; is theroa man in the Union
that would not have been aroused instantly to
resistance) and indignation at such a usurpation
on the part- ol the General Government or on
the part of Congress? Nobody can doubt it;
nobody can deny it. Then, sir, I should like
to know how this war, how the suppression of
this rebellion, has changed the relations which
existed between the loyal States and (his Gov-
ernment. Are the powers of the General Gov-
ernment enlarged by the exercise of its belli-
gerent rights in putting down the rebellion? Jf
that be so, if we enlarge the power oi the Gov-
ernment as against the loyal people every time we
exert it to put down a rebellion, or to meet a
foreign enemy, then we maybe overrun at last.
Mr. President, if this Freedmen's Bureau is
to exist at all, if it, has any color of authority
in the world, it is only that color which it de-
l'n es from the fact that we occupy a belligerent
attitude toward the States lately in rebellion,
and not because we have authority bv munici-
pal enactments to carry our tribunals there and
interfere m their internal police regulations.
. ^.ena'X)r from Massachusetts says, how-
ever, that we must keep up with the spirit of
the age, that it is onward, and that there are
certain great ideas which must be carried out,
and which will be carried out, and according
to his notion he and his people are determined
to carrj out. U ell, sir, thatis all in the future,
liiere are a great many people who live outside
ot the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and
there are a great many people, I think, who
live within that Commonwealth who are not
exactly prepared to indorse all the revolution-
ary measures which are introduced into this
Congress, "and whichare supposed to have their
origin there.
As I understand, there are not less than sev-
enty amendments to the Constitution of the
United States proposed and now pending in
the two branches of Congress. Whoever heard
before that that was such a defective instru-
ment that it needed to be amended and thatched
all over with these modern crudities, one after
another, which are not considered so as to en-
able them to sustain a moment's examination.
We were of opinion heretofore that that Con-
stitution was a very respectable instrument,
that it was very well concerted, and that it pro-
vided above all things else for the preservation
and maintenance of human liberty according to
the inost approved forms; yet, sir, now it seems
that it has to be amended in every direction!
I say, Mr. President—and I happen to rep-
resent here as many people as either or both
of the Senators from Massachusetts—that the
people of Pennsylvania, at least, are opposed
to this whole batch of amendments, from one
end to the other.
The Constitution was to them sacred ; it had
preserved and protected them; it had given
them prosperity unparalleled for a period of
seventy-five years, and they are for preserving
it; and they are not for venturing themselves
upon this sea of experiment and this flood of
innovation which is to end nobody knows where.
It is very easy, Mr. President, to deal in gen-
eralities ; it is very easy to propose measures;
but wo have to look back at the practical expe-
rience of the past in order to determine that
they are to be beneficial for the future.
Now, ivc are told the most impossible things
in the world. We are told that the Constitu-
tion and the laws made under it and the ma-
chinery for the proper administration of those
laws are not adequate to the protection of freed-
men ; and we are told gravely that the Legisla-
ture of Louisiana, in some extraordinary way,
not at all made clear or defined, have provided
that at the end of the year the laborer is to be
at the mercy of the hirer. How? IlastheLegis-
lature of Louisiana declared that a contract for
the performance of laborcan be specifically per-
formed, and that you can compel specific per-
formance in her courts ? If she has such a law
(and that is the only way I know by which the
laborer can be put at f ho mercy of the hirer in a
contract for labor; it is the only possible and
conceivable way apart from slavery) such law is
clearly void, and there is 110 possible difficulty
in obtaining a remedy for it anywhere and every-
where. The Supreme Court of the United States
is sitting here for that purpose to-day, and the
freedman is just us much entitled to the benefit
0! its protection, as 1 read the laws, as if lie
were a man of the fairest complexion and of the
brightest Savon mold.
_ But, Mr. President, we are treated to general-
ities all the time constantly. There is nothin"
specific here; there, is nothing fixed; there is
nothing tangible; there is nothing definite; and
I venture the assertion that when the law com-
plained of is brought here it will be found that
there is a complete remedy under this much-
abused Constitution, which is now to require
seventy amendments in order to make it, con-
formable to the new state of things which has
been brought, about by the last war!
Mr. President, 1 am not. of that opinion. 1
am for holding'fast to that which has been j
approved and which has approved itself, and I !
am opposed to any of these innovations, to any '
of these new things. J am opposed to any pre-
cedent, which may hereafter be exercised to the
deprivation of any man of his libertv or any
State of her rights, and I wish to be distinctly
understood here that I am in favor of State
rights—the lawful, legitimate rights of States;
and States nave rights as well as the Union has
rights. I am not, in favor of all those things
which were claimed as State rights by certain
peop4e m the D nion, but I am in favor of those
rights which belong legitimately to the States,
and which have never been denied" to them,
and upon which, in my judgment, depends the
individual liberty of the people of this country;
and whenever they allow this General Govern-
ment or this Congress to absorb unto itself
and to swallow up and annihilate these partic-
ular State rights, then, Mr. President, the vir-
tue, the essential virtue, of the Constitution is
gone; then the merit of the fabric has disap-
peared, and it has gone away in that very di-
rection which was predicted long ago by those
who warned us of the tendency of power to
consolidate and to grasp.
I say that if anybody iii the southern States,
no matter what his color or complexion may
be, is improperly treated there is a remedy;
and here let me say that I am opposed to the
distinctions that are now taken between our
people. Why should we legislate partly for the
black man and partly for the white man ? The
very fact that such a question is mooted, the very
fact that it is started here in the Senate of the
United States, is an acknowledgment that there
is a difference and a distinction between the
people of this country which requires such a
discrimination on the part of the Government,
and is fatal to the claims on the part of the ad-
vocates of negro suffrage and negro equality.
Thehonorable Senator from Massachusetts says
that all men in this country must be equal.
What does he mean by equal? Does lie mean
that all men in this country are to be six feet
high, and that they shall all weigh two hundred
pounds, and that they shall all have fair hair
and red cheeks ? Is that the meaning of equal-
ity? Is it that they shall all be equally rich and
equally jovial, equally humorous and equally
happy? What does it mean? Does he mean
that they shall all equally come to the Senate 01
the United States, that they shall all equally sit
in the House of Kepresentatives, that they shall
all equally hold oflice?
Why, Mr. President, if that is the equality
that the honorable Senator is aiming for, it
will bo a very long while before it is realized.
What is meant by equality, as I understand it,
in the language of the Declaration of Independ-
ence, is that each man shall have the right to
pursue in his own way life, liberty, and happi-
ness. That is the whole of it. It is not that
be shall be an elector, it is not that he shall re-
ceive the especial favors of the community in
any way; but it means that if ho is assailed by
one stronger than himself the Government will
protect liiin to punish the assailant. It means
that if a man owes another money the Govern-
ment will provide a means by which the debtor
shall be compelled to pay, if it is not barred by
the statute of limitations or some other legal
contrivance of that kind; that if an intruder and
trespasser gets upon his land he shall have a
remedy to recover it. That is what I under-
stand by equality before the law. It is not that
everybody shall be a Senator and distinguished
as my honorable friend from Massachusetts may
be, because that is not in the nature of things.
There is a large amount of work that has to be
done in this world that has to be done by ex-
ceedingly humble instruments, and if the instru-
ments were not there the work would not be
done. For instance, if all men were to be as
learned as my friend from Massachusetts, who
would black boots and curry the horses, who
would do the menial offices of the world? And
if they were not done I should like to know how
we could live at all. This world, Mr. Pres-
ident, after all is said and done, is pretty well
arranged, in my judgment, and always has been.
1 he imaginary evils that people see in the dis-
tribution of wealth and in the distribution of
honors and all that kind of thing are not nearly
so oppressive as they may be made out to be in
the warm and glowing imaginations of those who
seejit to champion their victims.
Now, Mr. President, if the Freedmen's Bu-
reau is necessary at all, where is it necessary,
to come back to the question raised by this
amendment? It is certainly not necessary in
Massachusetts. I should be ashamed if Mas-
sachusetts had not the means within herself,
