1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
428?
the fifty-third amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with an amendment as follows: at the
end of said amendment add the following: "And
provided further. That the pay of the Speaker shall
be S8,000 per annum."
That the House recede fromso much oftheir amend-
ment to tho twenty-second amendment of the Senate
as proposes to strikeout the words following: "for
the continuation of the work upon the north portico
of the Patent Office building, >30,000." And also re-
cede from so much of their amendment to the twenty-
second amendment of the Senate as proposes to strike
out as follows: on page 7, line eight, from the word
"for" down to and including the word "dollars,"
in line fourteen, with an amendment as follows to
said last clause: in line thirteen of said clause strike
out the words "one hundred" and insert in lieu
thereof the word "fifty." And that the Senate agree
to so much of the amendment of the House to the
said twenty-second amendment of the Senate as pro-
poses to strike out all after the word "dollars," inline
two, on page 7, down to and including theword " ne-
cessary," in line eight on thesame page.
That the House recede from i.ieir amendment to
tho iifty-seeond amendment of the Senate, and agree
to the same with amendments as follows: at tho end
of said amendment add the following:
Sec. 1. be it further enacted. That each and
every soldier who enlisted into the Army of the Uni-
ted States after the 19th day of April, 1861, for a pe-
riod of not less than three years, and having served
his time of enlistment, has been honorably discharged,
and who has received or is entitled to receive from
the United States under existing laws a bounty of
$100, and no more, and any such soldier entitled for
not less than three years who has been honorably
discharged on account of wounds received in the line
of duty, and the widow, minor children, or parents,
in the order named, of any such soldier who died in
theservice of the United States or of disease or wounds
contracted while in theservice andin tho line of duty,
shall be paid tho additional bounty of $100 hereby
authorized.
Sec. 2. And he it further enacted, That to each and
every soldiorwho enlisted in to the Army of the United
States after the 19th day of Apiil, A.D. 1801, for a period
of not less than two years, and who is not included
in the foregoing section, and who has been honora-
bly discharged, after serving two years, and who has
received, or is entitled to receive, from the United
States, under existing laws, a bounty of 8100, and no
more, shall be paid an additional bounty of fifty
dollars, and any such soldier enlisted for not less
than two years, who has been honorably discharged
on account of wounds received in the line of duty,
and the widow, minor children, or parents, in the
order named, of any such soldier who died in the ser-
vice of tho United States, or of disease or wounds
contracted while in the service and in the line of
duty, shall be paid the additional bounty of fifty
dollars hereby authorized: Provided, That any sol-
dier who shall have bartered, sold, assigned, trans-
ferred, loaned, exchanged, or given away his final
discharge papers, or any interest in the bounty pro-
vided by this or any other act of Congress, shall not
be entitled to receive any additional bounty what-
ever: and when application is made by any soldier
for said bounty, he shall be required, under tho pains
and penalties of perjury, to make oath or affirmation
of his identity, and that he has not so bartered, sold,
assigned, transferred, exchanged, loaned, or given
away either his discharge papers or any interest in
any bounty as aforesaid, and no claim for such bounty
shall be entertained by the Paymaster General or
other accounting or disbursing officer, except upon
reccipt of the claimant's discharge papers, accom-
panied by the statement under oath, as by this sec-
tion piovided.
Sec. 3. And he it further enneted. That in the pay-
ment of the additional bounty herein provided for,
itshall be the duty of the Paymaster General, under
such rules and regulations as may be prescribed by
the Secretary of War, to cause to be examined the
accounts of each and every soldier who makes appli-
cation therefor, and if found entitled thereto, shall
pay said bounty.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That in the re-
ception, examination, settlement, and payment of
claims for said additional bounty due the widows
or heirs of deceased soldiers, the accounting officers
of the Treasury shall bo governed by the restrictions
prescribed for the Paymaster General by the Secre-
taiy of War, and the payment shall be made in like
manner, under the direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury.
That the House recede from their amendments to
the Senate amendment No. 54, and agreeto the same
with amendments as follows: in line two, after the
word "clerks,"insert "committee clerks." Inline
thiee,aitcrthewords "messengersand"insert "all."
In same line, after theword " Senate," insert " and
House of Representatives, and to the Globe and official
reporters of each House, and the stenographer of the
House, and to the Capitol police, and the three super-
intendents of the publie gardens, their clerks and as-
sistants." JOHN SHERMAN,
GEORGE F. EDMUNDS,
IRA HARRIS,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
N. P. BANKS.
WILLIAM E. NIBLACK,
Managers on the part of the House.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I ask for a
separate vote on the different propositions.
The SPEAKER. That -is not in order, as
the report of a committee of conference must
be adopted or rejected as a whole.
Mr. BANKS. If there is to be any question
of order upon the propositions contained in
the report, it ought to be made now.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I make the
point of order that there must be a separate
vote taken on the propositions.
The SPEAKER. That is impossible; it has
never been known in reference to reports of
committees of conference.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Can it not be
done by a motion?
The SPEAKER. It cannot.
Mr. BRO OMALL. Can the gentleman from
Massachusetts tell us what the increased cost
to the Treasury will be from tho additional
compensation of members of Congress?
Mr. BANKS. It was my purpose to state
what I knew about this bill, and when I have
made my statement I desire to move the pre-
vious question. I do not intend to defend the
report by argument, but to leave it to the
House.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I desire to
know if it is a laudable exercise of capacity to
place us in the condition of voting either to
increase our salaries or of voting against equal-
izing the bounties. I have no respect for
capacity exercised in that manner.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
the gentleman to order.
The SPEAKER. That remark is in viola-
tion of the rules.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Take my words
down, and let us see.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois states that he has no respect for capacity
exercised in this manner, which places the
House in the dilemma of voting either for rais-
ing the pay of members or of voting against
the equalization of bounties. It is the order
of the House that this subject should be con-
sidered by the conference committee. The
Senate sent to the House an amendment in-
creasing the pay of members. That was referred
to the committee of conference. The House
sent a resolution in regard to bounties. That
was sent to the committee of conference. That
committee were instructed to reconcile, if pos-
sible, the disagreement between the two Houses.
The Chair is compelled to say this in vindica-
tion of the conference committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the gentleman from
Massachusetts if he has ever known a commit-
tee of conference where there has been such a
decisive vote as has been taken in this House—
120 to 4—against a proposition, bring in a report
in favor of it.
Mr. BANKS. I will answer the gentleman
by making a statement. The report is signed
by but two members of the committee. I was
appointed upon the committee late in the ses-
sion of this day, without any previous knowl-
edge of .the subject. The committee on the
part of the Houseinsisted upon the recognition
of the bounty for the soldiers as aside qua non.
The Senate committee was not authorized to
accept it, but reported to the Senate and asked
for instructions. They received instructions, in
pursuance of which they assented to the demand
of the House on the question of bounty, and
the result is the provision which is embraced
in this report, and which I think is entirely sat-
isfactory to the friends of the bounty. I be-
lieve it is carefully drawn and wiil be found to
be as just as any simple proposition can be to
the soldiers and to the Government.
The second proposition relates to the com-
pensation of members. These two were the
only matters upon which the committee delib-
erated. It was not until the very last mo-
ment, certainly within forty-five minutes, that
I was calleduponto decide, not upon this ques-
tion merely, but upon the question whether
there should be an agreement on the part of
the two committees on this subject, and my
difficulty was increased from the fact that the
House had been waiting a very long time and
that the hour for the close of the session was
near at hand. I felt constrained to yield my
judgment to the wishes of the committee with
which I was in conference.
I ought to say that the committee of the Sen-
ate did not deem as a sine qua non the ps
of this proposition in regard to salaries, but
they expressed the strongest belief that any
other proposition than the two coupled together
would be unsatisfactory to the Senate, and they
had supposed from what had transpired betiy ee®
the two committees and what had been stated
to the Senate, that the House would accede to
the provision in regard to the salaries. At thef -
last moment I was called upon to decide. It
was left for me to say whether I would leave
the committee-room and report an entire dis-1
agreement on this question or assent to the
proposition. Thereupon I took the responsi-
bility of assenting to the Senate's proposition.'
Had the affair been in my management at the
commencement of the conference I should not
have reported it. Being callcd upon to de-
cide it the last moment, I thought it my duty
to report it, and I have signed, with my col-
league on the other side, [Mr. Niblack,] this
report. The chairman of the committee [Mr.
Wilson", of Iowa,] has not signed it.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will the gentleman
yield?
Mr. BANKS. I want to move the previous
question, but I will listen to my colleague on
the committee.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish merely to
state that as one of the members of the com-
mittee I opposed from the beginning the Sen-
ate amendment increasing the salaries. As
regards the provision in relation to bounties,
though it is not as complete as I desire, still I
think it is really better than we had reason to
expect from the Senate. But it is because of
my opposition to the increase of salaries that I
withheld my signature to the report.
Mr. BANKS. I feel it my duty to say that
had I understood from the chairman of the com-
mittee at the commencement of our delibera-
tions that such was his determination, I never
should have made the report, or, at all events,
it would have been different from what it is.
But the Senate committee expressed a feeling
that it would be dealing with them somewhn,t
in bad faith if they were compelled at the last
moment to forego this provision, and therefore
we reported it, leaving it for the House to ac-
cept or reject it.
Mr. NIBLACK. Will the gentleman yield
# moment?
Mr. BANKS. Yes, sir.
Mr. NIBLACK. The gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts feels somewhat embarrassed in this
matter. The report does not meet my entire
approbation. But this question of salaries was
brought to the attention of the House by the
action of the Senate, and it has got before the
country ; and I must say that I have heard
enough to convince me that it was the intention
of the present Congress to increase the salaries
of members before the 4th of March next. In
that view I thought we might as well test the
question now as at any time. As to tho bounty
question, the proposition does not come up to
my views, but as a compromise I accept it. And
as a compromise I consented to the entire re-
port, believing it would be better to pass the
bill in its present shape if we intended to pass
the bill at all.
Mr. BANKS. I understood the opinion of
the gentleman from Indiana [Mr. Niblack] at
the first to be precisely as now expressed. I
do not intend to enter into any debate.
Mr. CONKLING. I wish to inquire, as a
matter of fact, whether, in order to come to a
report which might be presented to the House,
the managers on the part of the House found
it necessary to agree to this provision for ths
increase of salaries.
Mr. BANKS. At the last moment I felt it
my duty, against my judgment under other cir-
cumstances, to report this to the House for its
action. I now move the previous question.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. Will the gen-
tleman yield?
Mr. BANKS. I decline.
The previous question was seconded—ayes
69, noes 81.
On ordering the main question, *■
