1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
IN SENATE,
Thursday, March 10, 1806.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of Portland, .Maine, praying for the
passage of the bill (H. it. No. 154) to further
secure American citizens certain privileges
under the treaty of Washington; which was
ordered to lie on the table, that bill having been
disposed of.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a petition of cit-
izens of Minnesota, praying lor the establish-
ment of a mail route from Elk" river, in Sher-
burne county, to Spencer Brook, in Isanti
county, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. IIARRTS, from tbe Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred a bill
(S. No. 189) to confirm the grant of certain
lands to Jose Domingues, in California, re-
ported if without amendment.
My. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Ann Ileth, widow of William Heth. who was
killed by the confederate iorces under the com-
mand of John Morgan, July lJ, 1802, praj'ing
for a pension, submitted a report accompanied
by a bill (S. No. 201) for the relief of Ann
Ileth. widow of William Heth, of Harrison
comity, Indiana. The bill was read, and passed
to a second reading, and the repoi t « as ordered
to be printed.
Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, reported a joint resolution (8.
II. No. 4o) protesting against pardons by for-
eign Governments of persons convicted of in-
famous offenses on condition of emigration to
the United States, accompanied by a communi-
cation from the State Department. The joint
resolution was read, and passed to a second
reading, and the accompanying papers were
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. POMEKOY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No. 170) to amend an act passed March 3,1805.
entitled "An act in addition to certain acts
granting bounty lands to officers and soldiers
who have been engaged in the military service
of the United States.'' asked to be discharged
from its further consideration; which was
agreed to.
Mr. CRAGIN, from the? Committee on Naval
Affairs, to whom was referred the petition of
Elisha W. Dunn, a paymaster in the United
States Navy, praying for the passage of an act
authorizing>the accounting officers of the Treas-
ury to settle with him on those of bis accounts,
the proper vouchers of which weie destroyed
by fire at Mound City, Illinois, June 1, 18G4,
submitted a report, accompanied by a bill (S.
No. 202) for the relief of Elisha \V. Dunn, a
paymaster in the United States Navy. The
bill was read and passed to a second reading,
and the report was ordered to be printed.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, from the Committee on
Indian Affairs,to whom the subject was referred,
reported a bill (S. No. 204) to provide for an
annual inspection of Indian affairs, and for
other purposes; which was read and passed to
a second reading.
flllEMnx'tf insurance company.
Mr. WILLEY. The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred the
bill (H. ii. No. to amend an act to extend
the charter of the president and directors of
the Kiremenis Insurance Company of Wash-
ington and Georgetown, iu the District of Co-
lumbia. have directed me to report it back to
the Senate without amendment, and with a
recommendation that- it pass ; and as it ;s a
short bill, and will lead to no discussion I
imagine, f ask the unanimous consent of the
Senate to pat it on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It proposes to repeal the sixth,
seventh, eighth, ninth, and tenth sections of
the act to incorporate the president and di-
rectors of the Firemen's insurance Company
of Washington and Georgetown, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, approved March 3, 1837,
and which was extended by the act approved
February 7, 18o7 ; the fire companies which
existed at the time of the passage of those
acts, and upon which existence those sections
were based, having ceased to exist. The stock
of the Firemen's Insurance Company is to be
issued, sold, tiansferrod, and held in the .same
manner that it might have been issued, sold,
transferred, and held had those sections never
existed.
The bill was reported to the Senate w ithout
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
tbe third time, and passed.
lilUi INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. ISo.
203J to enable the New York and Montana Iron
Mining and Manufacturing Company to pur-
chase a certain amount of the public lands not
now in market; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) to provide for
the expenses attending the exhibition of the
products of industry of the United States at the
Exposition at Paris in 1807, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate.
RECONSTRUCTION COMMITTERS REl'OIiTS.
Mr. RIDDLE. The Committee on Pi inting,
j to whom was referied a resolution to print ten
thousand copies of the reports of the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction, with the accompanying
testimony, have had it under consideration, and
liave directed me to report it back with an
amendment, striking out ''ten thousand1' and
inserting " six thousand.'' T ask that the reso-
lution may be put on its passage now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is there
any objection to the present consideration of the
resolution ?
Mr. lUDDLE. I will state, if there be any
objection, that this testimony is now in type,
its printing having been ordered by the House
of Representatives, and it will save a groat deal
of money if the Senate order the printing of the
testimony now, if they intend to print it at all.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution sub-
mitted yesterday by Mr. A.nthony:
Ersolrcd, That ten thousand copies of the reports
of the joint eouimiltuo on rueonstiuction, with the
accompanying testimony, be printed for tkc use of
the Senate.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Printing, to strikeout "ten thou-
sand" and insert ''six thousand."
Mr. WADE. I hope that amendment will
not be concurred in. It seems to me this is
one of the most important documents that has
been printed or will very soon be printed. It
is calculated to give light on the great question
now under consideration that has attracted so
much attention, and it seems to me that this
kind of information is precisely what the peo-
ple want. 1 hope the amendment will not be
concurred in.
Mr. RIDDLE. Does the Senator fiom Ohio
know what this printing will cost?
Mr.' "WADE. The difference between the
printing of ton thousand and six thousand is
I believe the only question now involved, and
I am for the larger quantity. That is the way
I understand it.
Mr. RIDDLE. It will cost a dollar a copy
at least.
Mr. DAVIS. Before I vote for the printing
of these reports and the evidence, I should
like to knownpon what principle of justice and
impartiality the evidence is taken. One of the
first men of North Carolina and' one of the
truest and most honorable patriots in the land
gave me this information in relation to the
State of North Carolina, that the evidence of
some men, and I think of a single individual;
of the Freedraen's Bureau had been taken;
he addressed a letter to a member of the corn-
mittee requesting that witnesses whose names
should be suggested by those claiming seats in
the Senate and in the House should he allowed
to give their evidence before the committee;
and when I last conversed with him, he had
received no such privilege as that.
Now, Mr. President, if a just and impartial
and intelligent committee would seek for th6
truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the
truth, in relation to this matter of inquiry, it
would be a subject of deep interest to the coun:
try, and the results of their labors should be
presented to the country; but if that committee
proceeds upon the principle of suppressing
evidence and suppressing the truth, and silen-
cing, or at least refusing to hear,.evidence on
behalf of the gentlemen who claim seats in the
two Houses as representatives from the eleven
excluded States, I for one am indisposed to
publish at the public expense the results of
thei)' labors.
Now, Mr. President. I do not believe—at
least I have very little faith in the various let-
ters of information read to the Senate bythe
honorable Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
SuMKKit] and other gentlemen in this body.
I have no confidence whatever, orvery little,
iu (lie testimony which the men in the employ-
ment of the Freedmen's Bureau give in rela-
tion to the state of public sentiment in the
southern States ; and as a sample of the char-
acter of this kind of testimony, this sort of
evidence, J will read from a speech made by
one of the military commanders at the head
of the Kreedmen's Bureau in the States of
Kentucky and Tennessee, and 1 will let the
Senate judge of the weight and authority that
should be given to evidence from such sources.
General Fisk is at the head of the Freedmen's
Bureau in Kentucky. He made a speech some
three weeks ago in Cincinnati, and I will read
an extract from it:
"Only the day before yesterday, ill Lexington, thir-
teen discharged colored soldiers stood iu the street,
in lull sight of Henry Clay's monument, with their
bodies lacerated, their backs bleeding from the crucl
lash, their heads cut to the scalp, and one or two of
them with their eye put out; and what for, do you
suppose? Simply for going to their former masters
and asking for tieir wives and children. I appealed
to the eivil authorities in their behalf, but was told
that there was 110 law in Kentucky to help them."
This General Clinton B. Fisk was in this city
about two weeks ago, and I received from him
his card to hold an interview with him in .the
Marble Room near this Chamber. I did so.
He inquired of me if I had seen an extract from
his speech made in the city of Cincinnati, and
published in the Commercial newspaper of that
city, which extract I have just read. I told
him I had. He asked me what I thought of it.
I remarked that so soon as the publication of
that speech reached Frankfort, our Legislature
being in session, they unanimously appointed
a joint committee to inquire into its truth, and
that I had seen a statement published in the
principal paper in Lexington stating that the
editors had made most diligent inquiry into the
truth of the report as set forth iu his speech of
this cruelty to freedmen in Lexington, and I
was satisfied that there was not a word of truth,
in what he had said upon that subject. He-
then asked me if I knew a Dr. Moore of my
county; if I knew Judge Goodloe of Lexington,
and if I knew a colleague of mine in the other
House, Mr. McKee. I told him I was ac-
quainted with all of them. He referred me to
those men for information of the truth of the
statement, which in his speech in Cincinnati
lie said he had ascertained by personal inspec-
tion. Judge Goodloe is one of the gentlemen
to whom he referred me upon whose represen-
tation he liad stated the facts set forth in his
speech, I have iu my band a report of the
