1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the means of police, to administer her laws,
and to administer tliem so as to give to all cit-
izens within her borders that liberty, that bxoad
and comprehensive liberty, which is secured by
the Constitution and the amendments thereto.
And I say, Mr. President, that if the day comes
that Pennsylvania cannot and does not afford
to all men, of every color, clime, and condition,
of every tongue and language, all these securi-
ties, I should be ashamed to represent her upon
the floor of this Senate. How it may be in Mary-
land I am not prepared to say; but certainly
I cannot but believe that in Maryland to-day,
or in Kentucky to-day, or in Missouri to-day,
the poor, the oppressed, the injured, have re-
dress the same as heretofore; and surely 1 think
I may aver that same of West Virginia, at the
least. Are the rights of these States to be in-
vaded? Is another tribunal to be thrust in
there? Is another power to be intruded upon
them—in order to do what? To do what it is
alleged they have neglected to do, and which of
right they ought to do.
The Senator from Massachusetts says "we
arc right.'' Who ever acknowledged they were
wrong except very great people indeed ? 1 have
always found that the greater the man was the
more readily ho acknowledged that ho was
wrong; and the less he was the more pertina-
ciously he insisted that he was right. [Laughter. ]
I do not know whether I am right or wrong • I
do not undertake to assert it positively, as
against everybody else. I think so; and I sup-
pose that that is all the honorable Senator can
say for himself; at least, that is all I intend to
acknowledge to he the force of his assertion.
I think, Mr. President, that it is right to pre-
serve the frame of Government as nearly as we
can which was bequeathed to us by our ances-
tors ; which was wrung out from a superior
power by their force and their sacrifices in the
revolutionary war, and which was made up and
constructed by men, in my judgment, the very
first men in that or any other age. I want to
preserve that as nearly as I can, and why? Be-
cause it has been effectual in securing the end
for which itwas designed. It is true it did not
provide for the enormous increase of slavery
which afterward affected about half the Re-
public, but, thank God, we are now rid of that;
that is now gone ; and if there was one obstacle
in the way two years ago, and which looked as
though it were insurmountable to one who de-
sired the restoration of this Union, it was sla-
very. We made war to compel obedience to the
Constitution and the laws, and if the insur-
gents had laid down their arms at any time dur-
ing the struggle, what would have resulted?
No new powers to the Government; we should
have acquired no new rights by suppressing the
rebellion, any more than we should have ac-
quired new rights by a policeman arresting a
thief or a constable arresting a murderer. We
should have returned to instanti to the statu
quo ante bcllum, and slavery would have risen
again ill the eye of the law- as potent and as
legal as ever it was.
That was the fear on the part of all patriots ;
that was the difficulty, and that difficulty is now-
removed. Now, we are told of others; and I
should like to know where these difficulties are
to end. We have made the negro free. Was
not that a grent thing? The world clapped its
hands in abundant rejoicing, and all good peo-
ple sang hosannas everywhere, whether they
understood the question exactly or not. [Laugh-
ter. ] But what next ? After the negro is free
we are told that ho cannot protect himself; we
must do something for him. Well, what more
must we do? We must give him a vote. What
goodwill that do him? It will only multiply
the chances of his having his head broken at the
polls in contact with a much stronger race than
he is. [Laughter.] That would be about the
result of that; and if we give him a vote to-
morrow, what then ? Why, helpless, feeble, as
nature made him, in the face of the strongest,
most rapacious, hardest-bargaining race on the
earth. What more must you do for him ? You
mustallowhim to hold office. Avote, of course,
is a mere induction to the exercise of power.
The power is in the office. Then the negro
must hold office; and is he any better after
that ? What good would an office do to a negro
in our society and in our country? An office
is valuable to a man, an office is sought after,
because it confers social distinction, high social
privileges, and power - and authority among
men. Would office confer that upon the negro ?
Mr. President, that is one oft.he crnelest prop-
ositions that could possibly be made. It is
crowning with flowers the victim for the sacri-
fice. It is inscribing over the cross an empty
title, when upon that same cross the victim is
crucified. What is office without social rights
and social "distinction? Nothing, nothing. I
should like to know wdiere this is going to end
—this insane crusade to try to do something
which it is not in the nature of things to do ? I
stand here the friend of the negro, just as much
his friend I trust as any other man upon earth;
but he who comes to me and undertakes to tell
me that this is the same kind of man that I am
and that we are generally, and that he is a white
man, and that his hair is straight, and that his
legs and feet are as well made as those of my
honorable friend from Maine, whom I see before
me, [Mr. Moiuiill,] I do not believe a word of
it. [Langhterinthegallerios, which was checked
by the Presiding Officer. ] When he undertakes
to tell me that all differences and all these dis-
tinctions that are so plainly marked upon the
whole face of the man, his color, his form, his
disposition, his everything, amount to nothing,
that it is a mere prejudice, and is to be swept
away by half a dozen debates and the reading
of half a dozen reports from certain abolition
societies, I distrust the judgment of anybody
who comes upon such an errand. It is not true,
it never will be true, it never can be true.
The honorable Senator says he is right. Yes,
I should say he is right in the face of an an-
tipathy that never sleeps, that never dies, that
is inborn, down at the very foundation of our
natures, and which will tell to-day, to-morrow,
some day, in spite of all attempts to the con-
trary. Let, then, the friends of the negro, and
I am one, be satisfied to treat him as he is
treated in Pennsylvania, if you please ; as he is
treated in Ohio, if you please; as he is treated
everywhere where people have maintained their
sanity upon this question. I use the word
"sanity" with an exact appreciation of what it
means. Itmeansthatstato of mind which takes
all the circumstances into consideration, and
does the best while surrounded by them.
Now, Mr. President, if, as I said before, a
Freedmen's Bureau is absolutely necessary—
and it can only be justified upon the ground of
absolute necessity—it is only necessary in those
States which have been lately in rebellion, and
to extend it beyond, and to make it operate or
to make it possible that it could operate on other
States, is to open the door to an innovation and
to form a precedent for a usurpation that may
hereafter cost the life of this Republic. I hope,
therefore, that my amendment will be adopted,
and that whatever we may do in this respect we
may at least not violate the fundamental law of
this land, that we may not trample directly upon
the Constitution and its plain provisions with
regard to the rights of the several States.
Mr. WILSON. The Senator from Pennsyl-
vania tells us that he is the friend of the negro.
What, sir, he the friend of the negro! Why,
sir, there has hardly been a proposition before
the Senate of the United States for the last five
years looking to the emancipation of the negro
and the protection of his rights that the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania has not sturdily op-
posed. He has hardly ever uttered a word upon
this floor the tendency of which was not to de-
grade and to belittle a weak and struggling race.
He comes hereto-day and thanks God that they
are free, when his vote and his voice for five
years, with hardly an exception, have been
against making them free. He thanks God, sir,
that your work and mine, our work which has
saved a country and emancipated a race, is se-
cured ; while from the word "go" to this time
he has made himself the champion of "how not
to do it." If there be a man on the floor of the
American Senate who has tortured the Consti-
tution of the country to find powers to arrest
the voice of this nation which was endeavoring
to make a race free the Senator from Pennsyl-
vania is the man; and now he comes in here
and thanks God that a work which he has done
his best to arrest and which we have carried is
accomplished. I tell him to-day that, we shall
carry these other measures, whether he. thanks
God for them or not, whether he opposes theni
or not. [Laughter and applause m the gal-
lerieg ~j r
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Foot.')
Order must be preserved in the galleries.
Mr. W1LS0N. I tell the Senator from Penn-
sylvania that I know we shall carry them.
The PRBSIDIN G OFFICER. 'The Senator
will suspend for a moment. The order and de;
coram of the Senate is not to be disturbed by
dem onstrations of applause or of disapprobation
in the galleries. If the offense be repeated the
order for clearing the galleries will be made at
once.
Mr. WILSON. I tell the Senator from Penn-
sylvania that I know we shall carry these meas-
ures. God is not dead, and we live, and stand-
ing upon the eternal principles of Ilis justice,
with a Christian nation behind us, and with
God's commands ever ringing in our ears, we
shall in the future, as we have in the twenty-five
years of the past, march right straight forward
to battle and to victory over all opposition.
Sir, the Senator from Pennsylvania asks me
what I mean by the equality of men ; and he
puts the trifling question whether I mean thatall
men shall be six feet high. There would not be
many men equal to the Senator from Pennsyl*
vania if we measured by length. Heasks whether
I mean that one man shall weigh as much as an-
other, or have as much money. Why are these
questions put? Docs he not know precisely
and exactly what we do mean? Does he not
know that wc mean that the poorest man, be
he black or white, that treads the soil of this
continent, is as much entitled to the protection
of the law as the richest and the proudest man in
the land? Does he not know that we mean that
the poor man, whose wife maybe dressed in a
cheap calico, is as much entitled to haveher pro-
tected by equal law as is the rich man to have
his jeweled bride protected by the laws of the
land? Does he not know that the poor man's
cabin, though it may be the cabin of a poor freed-
man in the depths of the Carolinas, is entitled
to the protection of the same law that protects
the palace of a Stewart or an Astor?
The Senator knows what wc believe. He
knows that we have advocated the rights of the
black man because the black man was the most
oppressed type of the toiling men of this coun-
try. I tell you, sir, that the man who is the
enemy of the black laboring man is the enemy
of the white laboring man the world over. The
same influences that go to keep down and crush
down the rights of the poor black man bear
down and oppress the poor white laboring man.
The Senator tells us that if all men were
equal and all men were learned, wc could not
get our boots blacked. I believe Henry Clay
uttered that folly upon one occasion, and I am
not surprised that the Senator should repeat it.
It has been the language of the negro drivers
in this country for sixty years—of the men who
had just as much contempt for the toiling white
millions of the country as they had for their
own black slaves. But, thank God! the toiling
men of the country, the men who stand on their
fee-simple acres and call no one master but
God, and call no man slave, the mechanics, the
working men, have stood by the rights of hu-
manity just as the ranks of our army in Texas
stood by their country and the old flag when
Twiggs betrayed them. We have put down the
rebellion against the peopl e; we have put down
slavery, the prolific mother of all our woes;
and we have buried deeper than plummet ever
sounded the ideas and policy of (he past.
The Senator from Pennsylvania may mourn
over the degradations of the country; he may
be alarmed at the tendency of the_ times; he is
much exerciscd about the Constitution. He
