mm CONGRESSIONAL GLQBH.
March 15,
joint committee appointed by our Legislature
to inquire inte the truth of this slander, and it
contains the evidence of Judge Goodloe, the
Whole Of which I willread, asitisshort. Judge
Goodloe is an extreme radical; he has voted
for all the radical candidates for office, Federal
and -State, for whom he has had the opportunity
t©vote ; and there is no measureof theAdmin-
i&traiioii, however extreme, that he has not been
a 4ecid§$ and uncompromising supporter of.
Here is-th® deposition of Judge Goodloe, as
taken by the legislative committee:
"Witness being duly sworn, deposes and says: I
ajn.the judge o£ the Fayette circuit court; I have
fc&rer seen tne speech of MajorGeneral X^isk to which
you allude or any extract from it until now; I have
Jsnowa of no outrages upon discharged negro soldiers
of the United States Army in this vicinity and have
heard ofnone: I made no communication upon the
subject to General Fisk; I state that thereby ample
provision made by the laws of the State of Kentucky
for,the punishment of outrages upon negroes such as
are alleged by General Fisk to have taken place here.
Inhuman treatment of slaves by their owners or others
is forbidden and punished by chanter ninety-three,
-article four, of the revised statutes. 0 utrages upon free
negroes are punishable by the laws of the State pre-
cisely as are similar outrages upon whito men, both
civilly and criminally. I am a (Jninn man Mid have
been a supporter of the Administration. Our laws
do not admit of ne^ro testimony in proceedings to
which a white man is a party.
"W. C. GOODLOE."
Then follows the testimony of Madison C.
Johnson, one of the first lawyers and one of
the first men in Kentucky for intelligence, for
character, and for every virtue of tu.uth and
honor that can adorn a man. His deposition
was taken by this committee; and he testifies:
" I am a lawyer of more than thirty years' stand-
ing, residing always in the city of Lexington. I have
quite an extensive acquaintance with the people of
the town and its vicinity. I have read the speech of
Major General Fisk, just published in the Cincinnati
-Commercial of the 19th January, and have seen ex-
tracts from it frequently sinoc that time. I have con-
Versed with a great many white persons and with
toany intelligent negroes, and have engaged some of
the latter to make inquiries amon$ their friends, to
ascertain whether there was any foundation what-
ever for the statements made by General Fisk as to
the maltreatment of discharged negro soldiers in this
town or vicinity. 1 know of no single case of any
Buchouhage; have hcaul of none; and the persons
Whom I engaged to inquire into it have been unable
to hear of any such case from any porson, so far as I
am informed or believe. Sinco 1 have resided in
Lexington I do not believe that any such outrage
could have occurred hero without exciting much
commotion and almost universal indignation. Some
years since a negro man named Tibbs, who kept a
tiugro school here, was taken by some rowdies at night
and tarred and feathered. There was great excite-
ment among the citizens in consequence. Tho next
day a public mooting was held, and resolutions were
passed condemning the outrage, and requesting me
to prosecute the offenders. IdidbringasuitforTibbs,
and recovered damages lor him, which the defend-
antswerocompoliod to pay. The meeting wasavery
large one, most of tho citizens attending. I havo ail
my life been in favor of emancipating tho slaves of
the State. I voted in that direction when the ques-
tion was before the people in 3S19, and have never
changed my opinion on the subject. The free negroes
in Lexington havo always shown great confidence in
mo, and havo been long in tho habit ot applying to
nie for advice and assistance. I have repeatedly as-
sisted worthy slaves in paying for themselves in order
to set them iree. I am now, and have been for some
yeais, president of the Northern Bank of Kentucky.
In response to the question as to punishment of
mayhem upon negroes, 1 refer to section one, article
six, chapter twenty-eight, revised statutes, as fol-
lows: 'if any person shall unlawfully pull or put out
an eye, cut or bite off or siit the tongue, ear, nose, or
lip or any part thereof, or cut or bite off any other
limb or member, by fighting or otherwise, of another
person, except the same be done in solt-dctenseorin
doing some lawhil act. lie shall be confined in the
penitentiary not less than one nor more than five
years. This statute is equally applicable to those
guilty of outrages upon negroes as upon wluto per-
sons." ****«. + ***
,4M. C. JOHNSON."
I have sundry depositions here of the same
character of the extreme radical Union men.
There is S. S. Goodloe, another extreme radi-
cal man, who testifies:
"Ihave read the paper which purports to be an
extract from a spceeh of Major General Fisk, and
which is attached to the deposition of Madison C.
Johnson, Esq. I am tho judge of the Lexington city
court. I have not heard of any such outrage as is
detailed by General Fisk in that extract. 1 have
heard the speech of Geueial Fifk frequently alluded
to. I have not heard any person >ay that he had
ever heard of the outrages which General Fisk de-
tails as occurring in Lexington a few days befoic his
speech was made. It would havo been my duty, had
sueh an outrage occurred in the city of Lexington,
to ii&irtf caused the arrest and punishment of its au-
thors; and 1 would have discharged that duty had
1 ween creditably inftm«.ed of the commission of such
acts. I have always been acting with the Union
party. I am the master commissioner of the Fayette
circuit court. I never had any conversation with
General Fisk, and have not sold or offered for sale
any slave in eighteen months past. I am informed
that a slave was advertised to bo sold a short time
since by the master commissioner of the Woodford
circuit court, and it is probably.that sale to which
General Fisk alludes.
"Examined by Mr. Armstrong: I inferred from read-
ing General Fisk's speech, that the outrages to which
he alludes occurred in Lexington or the county of
Fayette. SPEKD S. GOODLOE."
Then there is the deposition of Mr. Beard:
"I haveresided in this vicinity all my life. X have
a very extensive acquaintance in this and the sur-
rounding counties, i have read the speech of General
Fisk, reported in the Cincinnati Commercial on the
19th instant. I have taken much pains to inquire,
from both white and black, whether any such out-
rages as are detailed by General Fisk have occurred
in this vicinity. I have not been able to hear from
any person of any such outrage. I am a member of
the city council of Lexington. I have been, and am,
a Union man." * # * * * *
"OLIYEB, P. BEARD."
I have also the deposition of W. W". Dow-
den:
"I am the high sheriff of Fayette county. I have
read the speech of Major General Fisk, extracts of
which are attached to the deposition of M. C. John-
son,Esq. I have no knowledge or information of any
such outrages as he details, and do not believe it to
be possible that they could have occurred here, or in
this vicinity, without my knowledge. I have talked
with many persons, white and black, upon the sub-
ject, and havo not found one who knew or had heard
of any such occurrence."
"W. W. D0WDEN7'
Sir, a more wanton and unfounded slander
was never uttered by a man. When a major
general in the Army of the United States at
the head of the Freedmcn's Bureau can mak*
such a speech as this in the city of Cincinnati,
in which the most cruel and brutal outrages
upon discharged negro soldiers are alleged
in the most specific terms, and upon full in-
quiry not one word of it turns out to be true,
what sort of confidence, what amount of trust
is to be placed in letters that are written by
persons connected^ with the Freedmen's Bu-
reau to gentlemen in the Senate?
t informed Major General Fisk that instead
of being here he had better confront that com-
mittee and make good the serious charges that
he had made against the people of Lexington in
relation to the maltreatment of negro soldiers.
He was telegraphed to this city by a radical
friend upon the committee that the commit-
tee had been raised, and advising him when
it would sit in Lexington for the purpose of
investigating the matter. I advised him my-
self that this committee was about to hold
its session in a few days, and urged upon
him to appear in Lexington before the com-
mittee and prove his charges. He passed on
through Lexington, did not stop, but passed
on with General Thomas to Tennessee, and left
the committee to conduct its investigation
without appearing before it. He telegraphed
to the committee, giving an excuse for not
having appeared before it; but the Legisla-
ture were determined to accommodate him,
and it has adjourned its session until January
next, and it has authorized this committee to
sit in its vacation, and to hear General Fisk
and any testimony he may bring before it at
any time between now and the meeting of the
Legislature.
Perhaps it would be more satisfactory in
this connection to read the report of the com-
mittee appointed by the Legislature :
The undersigned, a joint committee of the two
Houses ot the General Assembly of Kentucky, ap-
pointed to investigate tho truth of certain btatements
made by Brevet Major General Clinton B. Fisk, As-
sistant Superintendent of thcFreedmen's Bureau for
Xenne&see and Kentucky, respecting tho maltreat-
ment of certain negro soldiers of the United States
Army in the vicinity of Lexington, beg leave to sub-
mit the following report:
In obedience to the resolution of the General
Assembly, and on Tuesday, the 30tb January, they
addressed to Major General F'isk, at Louisville* the
letter, of which a copy, marked (A) is hereto ap-
pended, and placed the same in the post office of this
city.
A copy of the resolutions of the General Assembly,
which were inclosed in that letter, is also appended
marked (B.)
On Saturday February 3, they met at the county
clerk s office m Lexington, according to the notifica-
tion contained in their letter to General Fisk A
telegraphic dispatch was here received by Mr. Arm-
strong, of tho committee, informing him, that Gen-
eral Fisk was in Washington, and desiring him to
postpone the investigation until the General's re-
turn, on the following Tuesday or Wednesday. Tho
majority of your committee, however, were of opin-
ion that they ought to proceed with the examination
of such witnesses as might be in attendance, and then
adjourn to anothcrday, in order to allow him to cross-
examine or produce other testimony, should he desire
to do so.
Accordingly, your committee, after examining the
•witnesses before them, did adjourn, to meet again on
Thursday, the 8th instant, on which day the letter
marked (C) was received by Mr. Armstrong, and sim-
ultaneously appeared in the columns of the Louis-
ville Journal. Inasmuch as the time fixed by Gen-
eral Fisk in that letter for his probable return—the
20th or 25th proximo—is beyond the time publicly
proclaimed for tho adjournment of the General As-
sembly, your committee were not at liberty to accede
to his demand for a further postponement, and can
but regard it as trifling with them in the discharge
of their duty.
They therefore proceed to state the result of their
investigations.
On tho morning of their assemblage in Lexington,
they had caused to be published in the Observer and
Reporter, (the newspaper having the largest circula-
tion in the town and county) the notice marked (D,)
inviting all persons who could give them any infor-
mation on the subject of their inquiry to attend and
communicate with the committee. They had also
caused to be summoned before thorn a number of per-
sons, of all political parties, who might be presumed
to know something of the outrages detailed by Gen-
eral Fisk, if any such had been witnessed in Lexing-
ton. The sworn statements of these witnesse&are ap-
pended, marked (E,)and upon them your committee
submit the following observations:
The judge of the circuit court, the judge of the
county court, the judge of the city court, the high
sheriff of the county, the mayor and one of the coun-
cilman of the city of Lexington, were among the wit-
nesses. Not one of these witnesses had the slightest
information of the commission of a single outrage of
the character described by General Fisk, and all of
the judges concurred in the statement that the laws
of Kentucky were ample for tho punishment of any
such outrage, while each said that he would have
promptly arrested and punished the offender, had
any information of the commission ot such an offense
been communicated to hnn in leliable form.
Madison C. Johnson, Esq., one of the most dis-
tinguished lawyeis oftheStale, and a life-long eman-
cipationist, testified that he had personally made
inquiries of both white and black to a&eertam whether
there was any foundation tor General's Fisk's state-
ments; and that he had directed similar inquiries to
be made by others, both white and black; and that
neither he nor any of those who were acting under
his direction were able to hoar of any one who had
witnessed or could give any information whatever
concerning such wrongs. He adds, " I do not believe
that any such outrages could have occurred here
without exciting much commotion and general in-
dignation;" and he details an instance, occurring
many years ago, where a much less flagrant wrong
upon a free negro had aroused the sympathies of the
whole town, and its perpetrators had been prosecuted
by himself at the instance ol a public meeting, "and
had been properly punished by the courts. Mr. J ohn-
son embodies in his deposition the laws of the State
of Kentucky for the punishment of mayhem, and very
correctly iidds, that the punishment is the same,
whether the crime be committed upon a freo negro
or a white man.
Mr. Hawes, {who has been resident in Lexington,
as citizen and officer of the Army, since April, 18(54,)
David S. Goodloe, (United States district assessor,)
and John B. AVilgus are the only witnesses who tes-
tified to the commission of any wrong upon the negro.
Hawes details three cases:
1. A negro, in United States uniform, stated to him
that he had been beaten by a party of unknown men,
who met him in the road at night, in Nicholas county,
for admitting that he had a pistol at home.
2. A negro, dressed in oitizen's clothes, said he had
been beaten and shot at by a white man, because he
had applied for payment of a debt due him. No
mark* of violence weie observed upon the. person of
thenegro.
3. A negro woman told him she had been driven off
by her master, and her lite threatened if she attempted
to remove her children.
Mr. Goodloe also details three cases:
Some three colored negroes, reporting themselves
as attached to the Army in some capacity, applied
to him. Two of them had their eye nearly put out,
bloodshot and swollen; one of them looked to me
like it would go out. One of them, who claimed
to be driving a wagon or working >omewhero about
Camp Nelson, showed me his master's pass, author-
izing him to work for himself, and said his master*
haa beaten him for declining to pay over a portion
ol his earnings.
Another in soldier's clothing said he was engaged
to put up lce with some white men, but they would
not permit him to woikwiththem; they then ducked
his son m the pond till they nearly drowned him, and
kicked and cuffed around himself 1 ol- coming to tho
boy s rescue. The nature of tho wrong to the third
negro is not stated. ,
Mr. Wilgus states two eases:
1. One of them, a negro, who was "kicked in the
stem'5 by a man dressed in a roundabout, with his
breeches stuffed in his boots.
2. Another, who was told by some boy, in profane
and abusive language, to get out of the way. But it
is worthy of notice, that neither of these witnesses
could give the committee the least information as t$
