8328 *
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
ize and require the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay to the Amoskeag Manufacturing Com-
pany the sum of §1,650 in full for three regi-
mental cook wagons furnished to the Govern-
ment in 1861.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pitcher and haytokd, and otiieks.
"Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of -Claims, reported back bill
H. R. No. 20, for the relief of. Pitcher & Hay-
ford, and Otis & Ferguson, of Belfast, Maine.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized and
directed to pay to William Pitcher and Axel
Hayford, of Belfast, Maine, the sum of $4,661,
and to Samuel Otis and George B. Ferguson, of
Belfast, Maine, the sum of $3,228 75, in full
for all losses of these parties in the purchase
and storing of hay for the Government.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. To
avoid the consumption of time in the reading
of the report, I will make a brief explanation
of the bill and the reason of the committee for
reporting it.
These parties were employed as agents to
purchase hay for the Government during the
years 1864 and 1865. Being employed to pur-
chase what hay tliey could, they purchased
large quantities in the year 1864; and the hay
was shipped and settled for. They also pur-
chased large quantities—some two thousand
tons—in 1865. About one half of this hay was
shipped: and they wore delivering it at the time
when Lee surrendered. At that time they bad
on hand some eight hundred tons, which they
had purchased for l lie Government. The Gov-
ernment then gave orders to ship no more hay.
This hay which was left on their hands they
sold to the best advantage possible, hay imme-
diately falling in price. This bill is to pay
these parties the difference between what they
paid for the hay and what they sold it for.
They were to receive a commission of $1 80
per ton for purchasing, storing, and delivering
the hay and advancing the money to pay for it.
The committee tlfbught it just to report this
bill to pay these parties the money which they
actually lost in the transaction. Nothing is
allowed for interest. They are simply to be
paid the difference between what they actually
paid for the hay and the amount for which they
were able to sell it.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wasiibuhn]
what disposition has been made of a claim in
favor of J. & 0. 1'. Cobb & Co., for compen-
sation for hay destroyed by order of a United
States commanding officer on the Ohio river
during the raid of Morgan in the States of
Indiana and Ohio. I wish to know whether
the action of that committee upon that case
has been favorable or unfavorable. Upon his
answer may depend to some extent my vote
upon this question.
Mr. WA.SHB URN, of Massachusetts. The
ease to which the gentleman refers is, I think,
in the hands of the gentleman from Wiscon-
sin, [Mr. Sloax,] (hough it may be in charge
of some other member. Let me say, however,
that 1 wish the House to understand at this
point the difference between the ease to which
the gentleman refers and this case. Up to this
time we have allowed no claims for damages
to property in the States lately in rebellion.
Under the resolution of this House we could
not do so. Then the question came in regard
to the damages to property in the States not
regarded to be in rebellion. On all the other
cases we,have not reported any bill at all. They
have been all treated alike. Bui, this is a dif-
ferent case. Tt is merely for money lost while
these parlies were acting as agents for the
Government in purchasing this hay.
Mr. FARQUHAR. With the permission
of the gentleman from Massachusetts, I will
say that I do not in the least doubt the sin-
cerity of purpose of the Committee of Claims ;
but I wish to call his attention and the atten-
tion of the Houseto the rule they seem to have
adopted in regard to these claims. I cannot
see any practical difference in fact in allowing
the claim I have referred to and the one now
presented to the consideration of the House.
I understand the Committee of Claims, after
first deciding they would not take into consid-
eration during this session of Congress any
claim for damages arising in the disloyal States,
and presented the question to the House and
the House approved of their action, have since
established a rule for their own action, which
they have not thought proper thus far to pre-
sent for the consideration of the House to
determine whether that rule is right or wrong.
The difference is this: here was a contract
between the United States Government and
these contractors; the latter to deliver a cer-
tain amoant of hay, which the Government
after a certain period annulled.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. The
gentleman is mistaken. We never voted on
any bill where a contract was made with the
Government, as in the case he refers to. This
is no such case. No contract was made with
the Government. There is no claim that a
contract was made with the Government. These
were merely agents sent out to purchase hay the
same as if the gentleman had been sent out to
purchase hay for the Government and received
a commission for doing the business when it
was transacted and the hay was delivered.
After Lee's surrender, and they had purchased
a certain amount of hay, the Government did
not need it. Having purchased it, they dis-
posed of it to the best advantage.
There is no claim of any contract for the
purchase of hay. They went and purchased
the hay, and the bill is merely to allow these
individuals the actual loss they have suffered
in buying the hay at the price established by
the Government. The Government established
the price they should pay, and the commission
they should receive. They sold the hay to the
best advantage, and we report this bill for their
relief, to pay them for the loss they suffered in
purchasing this hay.
The gentleman charges that members are
notable to act on these different bills. Now,
when any bill is reported from the committee
the gentleman, or any other member of the
House, has the privilege of acting on it. The
committee reports a bill and the gentleman
can oppose it, and if he can get a majority of
the House to agree with him, ho can reverse
the action of the committee. When the com-
mittee shall report adversely on grounds they
deem just ho can move an amendment to
reverse the decision of the committee and pass
a favorable proposition.
Now, in reference to the committee's action.
If the committee undertook to settle all the
claims for damages, even in the loyal States,
arising during the last four years, wo could
not pass on one tenth of those now before us.
The committee adopted the rule referred to
so that, when the stoma had passed over and
all was clear, we might agree upon some gen-
eral law for the settlement of all these claims
for damages. I repeat, if we undertook to pass
on those individual cases and report separate
bills, we could not get through willi one tenth,
perhaps not one hundredth of them. Hence
the committee deemed it best to let all these
cases rest for the present and undertake to pass
upon the other cases. When they can come to
the conclusion what is the best course to be
taken by the Government, some general bill
may be introduced covering this class of cases.
But the committee wished to avoid the diffi-
culty of examining all those individual cases,
which the House can l-eadily see it would be
impossible for us to do.
jj Mr. FARQUHAR. I hope the gentleman
,| will allow me to conclude my interrogatory.
>i Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I have
'' promised to yield to my colleague on the com-
mittee, [Mr. Hotchkiss,] but I will yield a
moment to the gentleman from Indiana.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Thanking the gentle-
man for his courtesy, I desire to know what
class of agents the Government has been em-
ploying in the purchase of hay referred to in
this bill. An agent that goes out to purchase
for a commission uses his own money. I under-
stand that an agent of the Government or of
an individual is one who goes^out and acts for
the Government or for that individual, and uses
the money of the Government or of that indi-
vidual. It is a most singular way for parties
who have been indirectly contracting with the
Government here under the name of agents to
be using their own money and speculating upon
the Government by means of the profits which
are derived from their commissions on these
sales. These quasi contractors come here and
the rule is to be set aside for them, while honest
men are held by it.
I sent a case to the committee nearly five
months ago, and it has been lying there, instead
of being acted upon affirmatively or negatively,
as it should be. It has never been reported to
the House. It was a contract entered into be-
tween loyal citizens of the Government and
the United States to deliver hay at Memphis,
and while in the act of delivering it a United
States officer destroyed the hay. That act on
the part of the General Government by its offi-
cer was, I maintain, an acceptance of the con-
tract and a delivery of the hay. The Govern-
ment is fiound by the contract, and if the Com-
mittee of Claims will do justice as between
these parties and the Government they will
report in favor of their claim.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I was
goiug to say to the gentleman that when the
committee report on that bill, then he will have
an opportunity to be heard.
Mr. FARQUHAR. Will the gentleman tell
me if the committee has acted upon it?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I can-
not tell the gentleman in regard to that partic-
ular bill. My impression is that it has been
before the committee. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Hotchkiss.]
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I would like to inquire
if the general conduct of the Committee of
Claims is to be urged as an argument against
the particular bill that is presented here. I
would like further to inquire if any Represent-
ative here is to urge his personal grievances in
another matter as an argument against a par-
ticular bill which is reported to the committee.
Is tho Committee of Claims to be put on trial
here whenever they report for or against a bill?
Perhaps a special committee had better be
ordered by the House, and the gentleman from
Indiana [Mr. Farquhak] placed at the head
of it, to investigate the general conduct of the
Committee of Claims, so that we may have a
report on it and not have this subject brought
up whenever a bill is reported from thg com-
mittee.
Mr. FARQUHAR. I simply desire to say,
in reply to the remarks of the gentleman from
New York, that I want to ascertain what the
general principle is as adopted by the commit-
tee and to bo adopted by the House. If the
general principle is that all these bills are to be
cut off, I shall vote against this bill. But if the
general principle is that these bills are to come
in upon the principle of equity and justice, 1
will vote for this bill. I would like to have
the gentleman from New York with me on this
subject.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. I do not think that any
member of the Committee of Claims will make
any bargain whatever with the gentleman.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be etigiosaecl
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr. WASUB UUN, of Massachusetts. Inow
demand the previous question on the passage
of the bill.
