1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
The SEpnEtAET. "A bill to provide increased
revenue from imported wool, and for other pur-
poses."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that bill will
not be taken up for consideration. It would
be, in my judgment, manifestly improper to
take it up at this period of the session.
■Mr. JOHNSON. Has it been referred?
Mr. FESSENDEN. No, sir. I will state
the fects with regard to it. The bill came into
the Senate yesterday or the day before yester-
day, I do not know which ; and the Presiding
Officer stated that it would be referred to the
Committee on Finance. The Senator from
Wisconsin [Mr. Howe] moved that it be laid
upon the table, without moving that it be re-
printed, and prevented its being referred. It
has not been referred to our committee or any
committee ; it has not been examined by the
Senate at all, and has not been printed so that
we might see it, but it laid on the table and has
not been called up till now. when we are within
two hours of the time of adjournment. It is a
bill of some eight or ten pages, a tariff bill;
and now within two hoars of the time of ad-
journment, after being up all night, exhausted
as we are and utterly unable to comprehend
the bill by its terms in a reading at the desk,
we are called upon to take it up for action. I
have glanced my eye over it, but I am unable
from a casual glance to say what it contains,
except that I believe, as is said by the honor-
able Senator from Ohio, it is confined exclu-
sively to wool and woolens. It is said that it
is taken from the tariff bill that was laid over
by the Senate. How that is I do not know.
No Senator has examined it; no committee
has examined it. It covers but one single in-
terest under the tariff bill, and that is the woolen
interest, leaving out all others. Now, sir, if
we are to have a tariff bill let us have one that
unites all interests, and not a bill picking out
one interest that may be of consequence to
some particular section of the country and
leaving all others unprovided for, especially at
this time, when we are certainly not in a fit
state to give it any consideration and cannot
know anything about it. I hope it will not be
taken up. I think it would be very wrong.
Mr. WADE. I am very sorry to hear an
objection coming from that quarter as to the
sectional operation of this tariff bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said nothing about
its being sectional at all.
Mr. WADE. You said it only affected cer-
tain sections.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I said it only affected
certain interests.
Mr. WADE. Now, sir, this bill, I am told,
and have no doubt, by gentlemen that have
compared it and know all about it, is a literal
transcript from the other tariff bill on the sub-
ject of wools and woolens.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Does the Senator know
that?
Mr. WADE. I am telling you how I know
it. I have not compared it myself; but I am
so told by gentlemen who, I have every reason
to believe, tell me the truth. I have run my
eye over it, as I did over the other bill. It
reads to me like the other bill, and I have
no doubt it is the same thing. Now, sir,
this is about the only attempt that has been
made at any time to protect the agricultural
interest of the Northwest and other sections.
That interest has become an immense interest
in all the northwestern part of the country;
and this bill undoubtedly would be of the high-
est importance and greatest advantage to the
wool-growers of that region of the country;
and thus, in my judgment, it would enhance
the interests of every other part of the country;
for I never argue these questions as sectional
ones; I do not believe they are. I am not one
of those who talk about New England having
particular benefits in this way. I am glad that
they have, and I always aid, so far as I can,
in it.
Mr. POMEROY. I desire to make an ap-
peal to the Senator from Ohio and the Senate.
We are to adjourn at twelve o'clock, and if
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 2f>9.
this bill is going to excite discussion, a few
speeches upon it will consume the whole time
remaining, and there are a few bills that can
be disposed of by unanimous consent, which
everybody is willing should pass. I amin favor
of the measure which the Senator from Ohio
has charge of; I do not know whether I am in
favor of that particular bill or not; but if it is
going to be discussed and opposed, we shall
lose that and a number of small bills to which
there is no objection.
Mr. WADE. I am not going to argue at
length, especially on the question of taking it
up. I know, as the gentleman says, We have
not a great length of time, although, in another
sense, we have all the time there is, if we see
fit to occupy ourselves with it. There is no
absolute necessity of our adjourning at a mo-
ment's warning. If there are any interests
to be protected by our staying a little after
twelve o'clock, the House has passed a resolu-
tion extending the session until four and a half
o'clock, and we can concur in that, which would
give us ample time to pass this bill. I have
no doubt that it would be of the highest benefit
to the whole country, and especially to that
part of the country from which 1 and many
others come. I was in hopes that it would be
permitted to pass without any particular objec-
tion. I know very well thatanybody can defeat
this bill if he sees fit to do so. It depends upon
the view gentlemen take upon it. It is no time
for me to argue it. I kgow that it is in the
power of anybody to defeat it by hia mere ipse
dixit if he chooses. I think it would be very
ungenerous to do it and very detrimental to
the interests of the country. The House has
taken greatpains to get up the bill with a view
to do some degree of justice to the people on
this subject. That is all I have to say about it.
I leave it in the hands of the Senate to do ag
they please.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to appeal to the
Senator from Ohio to let this measure bo laid
aside in order to permit me to take up House
bill No. 801, providing for the distribution of
the rewards for the captors of the assassins of
Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Seward. I trust that the
Senator will allow that measure to be taken up.
It affects nearly five hundred soldiers, giving
them small amounts. The subject has under-
gone the revision of the Judge Advocate Gen-
eral, of the Assistant Adjutant General of the
Army, of a committee of the House of Repre-
sentatives, and of the House of Representa-
tives. The bill to which I refer has passed the
House and been reported regularly from the
committee of the Senate, who have examined
it as critically and as attentively as they could,
and it seems to me to be the wisest award that
could bo made. I hope, therefore, that the
Senator will permit it to be taken up.
Mr. SUMNER. I agree with the Senator
from Rhode Island. I think we ought not to
let that bill be hung up during our vacation.
Let us dispose of it now.
Mr. HOWARD. I think so, too.
Mr. WADE. The question is on taking up
this bill. Let us decide one thing at a time.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
■will put the question as soon as an opportunity
offers.
Mr. HENDERSON. I must express some
little astonishment at the proposition of the
Senator from Ohio to take up a bill of this im-
portance and act upon it within an hour and
three quarters of the close of this session.
Certainly it is a very ungracious thing to vote
against a proposition of this sort, especially
where one is representing a constituency in-
terested in it. I have no doubt that something
ought to be done on this subject; but when the
tariff bill was before us the other day we con-
cluded to postpone it until December, with a
view of taking up the whole subject then and
disposing of it as it ought to be disposed of;
to let the Finance Committee examine it, scru-
tinize it as it deserves to be, and report to us
a bill that will take care of the interests of the
people in every section of the country. After
having done that, I must express some little
astonishment that a bill s&gling out one par-
ticular interest should be brought forward and
Congress should be asked to take that one in-
terest into consideration during the last few
hoars of the session. It is not a sectional in-
terest. New England is interested in it. Ver-
mont is, perhaps, one of the largest wool-grow-
ing States of the Union. I know that Ohio is
interested in it. I know that Wisconsin is
interested in it. I know that my own State is
interested. But, sir, I do not think the people
who are deeply interested in the growth of wool
will expect us within two hours of the close of
the session to mature a measure of this im-
portance ; and I do hope that Senators will
not press a measure of such vast importance
upon our eonsi'deration at this hour. It ought
to be carefully examined by a committee and
reported to this body. Now, sir, when you
have secured this one interest I should like to
know, when other interests are taken up next
winter, how those interests can expect anything
more than simple stern justice at the hands of
this particular interest that has already been
protected. I think it is better to take them
up altogether and consider them. I cannot
understand this bill. It has not been printed,
as I understand. _ It is a bill of ten pages, which
has not been printed, and it is expected that
we shall act upon a tariff measure on a mere
reading at the Secretary's desk. Why, sir,
such a thing is unheard of. It cannot bo ex-
pected of Senators that we shall consider it.
Mr. HOWE. Of course the Senator from
Missouri is entirely right in saying it would be
impossible for us to mature a bill upon a ques-
tion as important as this in an hour and three
qnarters. The advantage of this measure is that
it was matured more than twelve months ago,
lias been pending, has been reported by two
committees, passed one House, twice been re-
ported by the Finance Committee in this body,
as I understand. ["Oh, no."] This is the
same bill precisely, as I understand.
Mr. WILSON and Mr. HENDERSON. They
did not report it.
Mr. HOWE. They reported the tariff bill,
did they not?
Mr. HENDERSON. Never that I heard of.
Mr. HO WE. It was postponed, then, before
it was considered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This bill was brought
in and read at the desk, and the Presiding Of-
ficer said it would be referred to the Commit-
tee on I^inance; but the gentleman himself
said "No, let it lie on the table." It never
went before the committee and they have not
seen it.
Mr. HOWE. I know this identical bill in
this shape never went to your committee; but
tllis is, as I understand, copied from tlie tariff
bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. So_ some people say,
but wc do not know anything about it. It is
no way to legislate upon what somebody says.
There is no member of the Senate who has
read it.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose that can be made
certain in a very short time. I did not un-
derstand that any Senator here wanted the bill
referred to the Finance Committee. I did not
hear any request for a reference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is the ordinary
course, but the Senator objected and had it
laid on the table. I supposed he would have
it taken up again and referred.
Mr. HOWE. That is the ordinary but not
the invariable course.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Always. I nev.erknew
of a tariff bill, large or small, that was not re-
ferred.
Mr. HOWE. I cannot recall an instance
myself; but a bill of this kind affecting only
one subject, and that a subject which has been
before the country so long as this has, and dis-
cussed so extensively and widely as this has,
I suppose might very well be made an excep-
tion of, inasmuch as nobody asked to have it
referred. The Presiding Officer did remark,
as is usual, that the bill would be referred to the
Finance Committee; and supposing the Com-
