1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2369
ity of those raining claims, unless the gentle-
man will consent to have the amendment so
modified as to provide that the titles shall
remain as valid as if this transfer of jurisdic-
tion were not made. If the gentleman will
consent that the amendment shall be put in
that form, it will be safe; but it now declares
that those titles shall be valid; and I fear that
if the amendment be adopted in its present
form, it may stand in the way of legislation
which we may hereafter desire to enact.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the gentleman
■will examine the amendment, I think he will
find that it is not justly liable to the objection
which he raises. Both the Mining Committee
and the Territorial Committee are unanimous
in favor of the adoption of this proposition.
Mr. KASSON. Let the amendment be again
read.
The Clerk read the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. The point which I make is
that instead of the language, "are hereby de-
clared to be valid,'' the amendment should read,
"shall remain as valid and subsisting as if this
act had not been passed." By the language
which I propose, we shall avoid precluding our-
selves from making any modification as to the
extent of the claims, if we should choose to
attempt hereafter a general system of regu-
lating these mining claims.
I may remark that I take some special inter-
est in this question in consequence of examina-
tions made during my trip to the mountains
last year. The amendment which I propose
will accomplish, as I think the gentleman must
admit, the entire purpose which he has in view,
while it will avoid the danger that I certainly
for one apprehend from the present language
of the amendment.
Mr. ASHLEY; of Ohio. I have no objection
to the amendment which the gentleman sug-
gests. The Mining committee, of which I am
a member, as well as the Territorial Commit-
tee, have had this matter under consideration,
and are unanimous in favor of amending the
bill in this way in order to secure the interests
of parties who have made large outlays. I
have no objection to the insertion of the gentle-
man's proposition.
Mr. Kassojj's amendment to the amendment
was read, as follows:
Strike out before the word "valid" thewords "are
hereby declared to be/' and insert in lieuthoreof tile
words " shall remain as."
Mr. WRIGHT. I desire to ask whether our
action in declaring possessory rights valid is to
affect the legal title to those lands.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. We desire to neg-
ative entirely the idea that it shall have any
such effect.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. This is a question
affecting the Territory which I represent here;
and from the reading of the bill I have not
been able to trace distinctly the line of divis-
ion proposed. I therefore ask the chairman
of the committee to state to what" extent the
committee propose to dismember the Territory
of Utah. _
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. They propose to
take off eighteen thousand square miles.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Will the gentle-
man be kind enough to give it to me in degrees ?
Is it one degree' east and west?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Moving the bound-
ary from the thirty-eighth to the thirty-seventh
degree?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir; taking'
eighteen thousand square miles, leaving the
Territory of Utah with eighty-eight thousand
square miles, whereas it now has one hundred
and six thousand.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Mr. Speaker, would
it be in order for me to move that the further
consideration of this bill be postponed until it
shall have been printed ?
The SPEAKER. It would be, if the gen-
tleman from Ohio yields for that purpose.
Mr. ASHLEY,' of Ohio. I do not yield for
that purpose. This is a Senate bill; it has been
printed in the Senate, and is now on our files.
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 149.
I cannot consent to such a motion as the gen-
tleman proposes.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I think that
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] the
chairman of the Committee on Territories,
ought not to urge this matter against the wishes
of the Delegate from Utah without giving him
a fair hearing. This bill proposes to take off
eighteen thousand square miles from that Ter-
ritory ; and I think it only fair and jnst that
the Delegate representing the Territory should
have a full opportunity to be heard on this
question.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I demand the pre-
vious question on the amendment and the
amendment to the amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof Mr. Kassox's amendment to the
amendment was agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I now yield to
my colleague from Maine [Mr. Rice] to offer
a further amendment.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. By instruction of the
committee, I move to amend by striking out
the following words:
To the middle of the river Colorado of the West;
thence down the middle of said river to the eastern
boundary of the State of California: thence north-
westerly along said boundary of California to the
thirty-seventh decree oi north latitude; and thence
east along said degree of latitude to the point of
beginning.
Mr. Speaker, I only wish to say that the
effect of that amendment is to exclude from the
portion of the territory to be attached to Ne-
vada that portion in the Territory of Arizona,
so that all the territory annexed to Nevada by
this bill will only be the portion taken from
Utah.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, demanded the pre-
vious question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I ask the gentle-
man to consent to the printing of this bill before
action is taken on it.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. It has already been
printed and is upon our files. I yield to the
gentleman fifteen minutes of the hour to which
1 am entitled under the rules.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Mr. Speaker, T
do not propose to make a speech, but I feel it
due to my constituents to elicit for them as
much information as I can why this dismem-
berment should take place.
Prom the reading of the report of the House
committee, as well as from the report of the
Senate committee, upon which that body has
acted and passed this bill, I have not been
able to find any tangible reason assigned,
indeed any reason at all, for the course which
is attempted to be pursued. The bill presented
to the Senate, as 1 understand, was drafted by
one of the Senators from Nevada. It was there
referred to the Committee on Territories, and
I believe specially referred to him, and by him
reported favorably to the Senate, when the
Senate, acting in accordance with the report,
passed it.
I will say thatduring the pendency of this mat-
ter in the Senate I never received any notice, nor
did I have any opportunity of appearing before
that committee to represent the views of the
citizens of Utah teaching this matter which so
vitally affects their interests. I have had an
opportunity of appearing before the House
committee, and there stated my objections to
this matter.
It is not, Mr. Speaker, only in behalf of
the people of Utah that I object to the dis-
memberment proposed, but to the principle
that is to be established. I believe the course
of legislation now proposed is without prece-
dent in the history of the country or its legis-
lation in reference to the Territories. On the
simple action of a committee thousands of
square miles are taken from one Territory and
attached to another without assigning a reason
or consulting the people who are to be trans-
ferred. It does appear to me a position of this
kind, transferring land from one Territory to
another, with the inhabitant" thereof, is redu-
cing these people, and nothing more nor less,
to the condition of serfs; and in behalf of my
constituents, the people of Utah, I here most
solemnly protest against it.
According to the amendment of the gentle-
man from Maine, [Mr. Rice,] that pari of the
bill which proposes to dismember Arizona is in
mercy stricken out.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The amendment
has not been adopted.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. On the principle
of equal legislation the amendment should
cover the whole ground.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then there would
be no bill.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. There ought not to
be. I deem it almost next to useless to refer
to the fact, that the people of Utah were the
first to break a path from the Missouri river
to the center of this continent. We claim to
to be the pioneers. We claim to have taken the
germ of everything now in that country, over
the broken roads and there planted them
without any expense to the Government. We
have there built up a State of one hundred
and fifty thousand people ; we have built up
two hundred and fifty grist and saw mills ; we
have established three cotton factories; we
have grown two thousand bales of cotton ; wo
have opened up one hundred and fifty thou-
sand acres of arable land, fromwhich not only
that State but all the Territories adjacent draw
their supplies.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I must resume the
floor.
_ Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. I ask the House,
in the name of justice, and in respect to the
rights of a people who have done as much aa
any other to sustain the Government, to reject
the bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I yield ten min-
utes to the Delegate from Arizona.
Mr. GOODWIN. I hope the amendment of
the gentleman from Maine will prevail. The
bill, as amended, would provide for taking a
portion of Utah and annexing it to Nevada,
striking out so much of the Senate bill as pro-
vided for the annexation of any portion of
Arizona.
This bill came to the House of Representa-
tives from the Senate. While it was pending
before the Committee on Territories in the
Senate no hearing was had on the merits of
this question. With my consent no hearing
was had at that time, though I was notified
that the bill was pending, for the reason that
I desired to hear from my constituents in rela-
tion to the matter. When the bill came before
the Gommittee on Territories of the House a
full hearing was had on the merits'of the ques-
tion, and the committee, after hearing, decided
to strike out so much of the bill as related to
the Territory of Arizona.
Mr. Speaker, the House of Representatives
is not the most convenient tribunal before
which to present a question of this kind. A
question regarding the dismemberment of a
Territory should be decided upon evidence
and facts, and not upon simple statements
made in the course of debate; and the ques-
tion was so regarded by the Committee on Ter-
ritories of this House. I hope that the House
will adopt the recommendation of the commit-
tee on this subject.
I can only state very briefly, in the time
allotted to me this morning, the substance of
the argument, the points that were made be-
fore the Committee on Territories. It would
be impossible to go over the argument in full.
The first objection to taking this portiop of
the Territory of Arizona and annexing it to
Nevada is this: there is no natural connection
between those Territories. This portion of
the Territory of Arizona is part of the water-
shed of the Colorado river. All the streams
running through that Territory empty into the
Colorado. The people receive their supplies
up the Colorado river. The principal mail
route into Arizona runs down through a settle-
