1-866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3S29
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I demand
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The bill was then passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISAAC RAMSEY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back House joint
resolution No. 119, for the relief of Isaac Ram-
sey, internal revenue collector of the eighth
district of Ohio, with a recommendation that it
do pass.
The joint resolution was read. It provides
for the repayment of SG32 23 of revenue stamps
stolen from the sale in the'office of the internal
revenue collector, at Mansfield, Ohio, by bur-
glars, on the night of the 25th of June, 18t>5.
The joint resolution was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the joint res-
olution was passed; and also moved that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
JOHN A. WIIITAIjL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back a bill for
the relief of the legal representatives of John
A. Whitall, late paymaster in the United States
Army, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes the pay-
may of $1,034 50 to the claimants, or what-
ever amount may bo shown satisfactorily to
have been paid by him, the vouchers for which
payment were stolen.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, il was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHB URN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WILLIAM If. WIUiKLKlt.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the same committee, reported back a bill for
the relief of William H. Wheeler, of Bangor,
Maine, with a recommendation that it do pass.
The bill was read. It authorizes the reissue
of a $500 United States bond to the claimant
in exchange for one that was lost by him in
1865. and afterwards recovered in a mutilated
condition and partially destroyed, except the
thirteen coupons which have boon reclaimed
in such a condition as to be paid at maturity.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, moved
to reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
now expired.
-ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. GEOSSBRENNER, from the Commit-
tee on Enrolled Bills, repotted that the com-
mittee had examined and found truly enroll-od
a joint resolution (S. R. No. 108) for the relief
of Samuel Norris; when the Speaker signed
the same.
HON. D. W. GOOCII,
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
■submit the following resolution. It has been
considered by the Committee on the Judiciary,
and they are in favor of its passage :
Resolved, That the Sergcant-at-Arms bo, and he is
hereby, directed to nay to lion. 1). W. Gooch, who
was elected a member of the House of Representa-
39th Cong. 1st Sew.—Xo. 209.
tives for the Thirty-Ninth Congress frora the sixth
district of Massachusetts, the amount of his salary
from the 4th of March, 1865, to the day of the date of
his resignation as a member of this House.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and ako
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
army bill.
Mr. SCHENCK. I demand that the House
now proceed to the consideration of the regular
order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the special order, being House bill
No. 301, to reorganize and establish the Army
of the United States.
The pending question was on the amend-
ment to section twenty-seven, offered by Mr.
Wilson, of Iowa, as follows:
Provided, That in applying tlio rule of promotion
no distinction shall be made between ofliccrs of regi-
ments composed of eulored men and those composed
of white men, but the promotion shall be by inter-
change equally open to all said officers.
Mr. SCHENCK. When the House ad-
journed on the day this bill was last under
consideration, there was pending an amend-
ment to section twenty-seven, offered by the
gentleman from Town, [Mr. Wilson.] Be-
fore the question is taken on that amendment,
I desire to offer a substitute for the entire sec-
tion. I have had no opportunity of consulting
with the members of the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs with (lie exception of two or three
of them. But I think they will be satisfied with
the modification of the section which 1 pro-
pose, and which is the result of a conference
with one of the prominent and most distin-
guished sfatr officers of the Army, connected
with the Adjutant Ueneral's Department, uho
thinks tluit with this change in the twenty-sev-
enth section, and another to be proposed to
the twenty eighth section, the bill will be about
perfect.
The SPEAKER. The amendment of the
gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wilson] is first in
order, and will be first, voted upon.
Mr. SCHENCK. I regret that the gentle-
man from Iowa is not himself here to sustain
his amendment. In his absence, however, I
will state that in the opinion of the Committee
on Military Affairs there is no necessity what-
ever for any amendment of the description he
has proposed. The bill now makes no dis-
tinction, but leaves promotions to be made
under the rule of seniority, or any other rule
of promotion, without reference to the fact
whether the ofliccrs to be promoted belong to
either one or the other of these arms. There
was originally in the Senate bill a provision
confining promotion to the particular corps,
to the colored troops and to the white troops.
That, however, was stricken out of the Senate
bill, and no such provision was in the Home
bill. By general consent every Army bill before
the House has left out the provision in regard
to this matter. I oppose the amendment,
therefore, upon the sole ground that it is not
necessary.
Mr. PRICE. I understand the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] to say that the bill
as it now stands will have the same effect as
if this amendment were agreed to. Is that
correct?
Mr. SCHENCK. Yes, sir.
Mr. PRICE. 'Then if that is correct, this
amendment will only be surplusage or explan-
atory or reaffirming. As the amendment is
clearly a just and proper one, I think it would
be well for the House to incorporate it into this
bill. It will do no harm, and it may do some
good in the minds of some.
The question was taken, and the amendment
was not agreed to.
Mr. SCHENCK. T now move to amend
this section by striking out all after the enacting
clause and inserting in lieu thereof the fol-
lowing :
That in alt the staff corps and among the officers
of the line above tho grade of captain, one third of
the promotions may b e mad a on the ground of merit
alone, and without regard to seniority in the date of
appointment or commission.
Mr. DAVIS. I think there is merit in a
portion of tho proposed amendment of the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. ScinsxcK,] and I
have but one objection to the whole of it. That
objection is, that if you change the rule which,
has prevailed from the organization of the
Army to the present day, you introduce an
element of discord and dissatisfaction which
will be injurious to the service. From the
time our Army was first organized to the pres-
ent day promotions have been made, 1 be-
lieve, by priority of appointment or commis-
sion. Now, if promotions be placed upon any
other ground than that, there will be, I submit,
a constant, strife, a constant desire by some
officers to secure promotions at the expense
of others: there will be a rivalry for promo-
tion which will injure the esprit du corps of
the Army. Certainly officers who have long
held commissions in the service will not con-
tinue in the service very contentedly, if after
years of service those officers junior in service
by several years may be promoted over them
by favor or otherwise. On no other ground
have 1 any objection to this amendment.
Mr. BLAINE. I move pro forma to strike
out the last word of the proposed amendment.
I do this in order to say that I think the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Davis] will ob-
serve that this is a very fair compromise of the
question. Instead of leaving promotions en-
tirely open, as the original text proposed, this
aniendmentconfiiies promotions without regard
to seniority of appointment or commission to
but one third of the whole number of promo-
tions. This will enable the Department to do
what it never before has had the power to do,
to promote some very meritorious officers.
The rule which the gentleman from New
York favors, and which has heretofore been
the rule of the Army, is a rule favoring, I will
not say absolute demerit, but favoring medi-
ocrity at the expense of genius in the line and
in the staff. The substitute which has been
offered by the chairman of the Committee on
Military Affairs provides that one third of the
promotions may be made on the ground of
merit alone, without regard to seniority or date
of commission. The remaining two thirds of
the promotions are to be made on tho ground
of seniority as heretofore. I think it is a very
small tribute to the talent and genius of the
Ai my to say that one third of the promotions
may be made expressly on the ground of merit.
i will say further, that so far as I am aware,
tho United States is the only country in tho
world in which promotions in tho military estab-
lishment have been made solely oil the ground
of seniority. Heretofore we have steadily ad-
hered to that system; and it has operated, in
the belief of many of the very best officers, both
of the staff and the line, to the detriment, of the
esprit du corps and tho merit of the Army,
'fiie plan proposed in this amendment is. I
believe, though I do not propose to be very
much versed in such matters, the very plan
which has resulted in making the French army
one of tho most perfect in the world. In that
army, as I understand, one third of all the pro-
motions are made on the basis of merit- alone.
Mr. DAVIS. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that I here is, uudet existing law, power
to retire officers who are incompetent.
Mr. BLAINE. The question here is one of
relative merit, not of incapacity. I withdraw
the amendment, to the amendment.
The amendment of Mr. ScnicxcK was then
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 28. And be it fit ether enneted, That tho Presi-
dent. is authorized to transfer officers of the Armj of
the United States from the line to the general staff,
and from tho general staff to tho line, or irom one
staff corps of the general staff to another and differ-
ent staff corps, or from one arm of the scrvico to
anothei; but an officer on being so tiansferrrd shall
only take such rank in the slaff or corps in which he
is placed as he held by commission in thestaff or line
before his transfer.
Mr. SCHENCK. T have already remarked
