1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL G-:LQB&
not been for the folly and madness of the se-
cessionists of the South who went to war? Let
the honorable Senator stand square up and
look that fact in the face. Pie had war at liis
elbow. Who fought the war ? Does the Anti-
Slavery Society say that if the Army of the Uni-
ted States had not achieved victory after vic-
tory, had not suppressed the rebellion, slavery
would not have been abolished? Who then was
it that abolished slavery ? The gentlemen who
talked or the gentlemen who acted? The Sen-
ators who wielded tongue and pen, or the hard-
headed and hard-handed soldiers who wielded
the saber and bayonet ? Let the country answer.
I would like the honorable Senator to go out
and tell our war-worn soldiers who won this
victory.
And a word now as to his course and mine
upon this floor. I tell him to-day that he and
his set were really—T do not say they intended
it—the allies of the rebellion; they were its main
support and strength; and when Jefferson Da-
vis comes to make his dying confession, if I
should chance to be at his elbow, I should want
him, in that last moment, when the truth comes
to be told, to tell who it was that gathered the
whole South to a man around the standard of
rebellion; who it was that down there infused
the bitterness into that fight which character-"
ized it from end to end; who it was that enabled
that weak people to make such a tremendous
struggle as that the world never saw the like of
it, ana I will tell you who he will say it was. lie
will tell you that when he started he had not
half the people about him ; he will tell you that
the secessionists of the South who went into
thfit rebellion were not half of the people. Who,
then, drove the other half to him ? The self-
same Anti-Slavery Society that, when we had the
cannon roaring and the saber clashing and the
bayonet thrusting, and the work going on, could
not keep its tongue, and must be making the
people of the South believe that the war, in-
stead of beingforthe Constitution and the laws,
was to abolish slavery. What then? If we had
friends at the outstart of the struggle, we lost
them then.
Now, Mr. President, I ask again, who fought
this battle ? I tell him that it was the Army of
the United States that killed the Percy. It
was the Army of the United States that met this
Hotspur of the rebellion, while the Anti-Slavery
Society was down upon the field of battle look-
ing out from nnder its shield and claiming the
Constitution and the laws. But now, sir, now
after the victory is achieved, after the battle is
won, you will never meet a member of the
Anti-Slavery Society who has not this dead Hot-
spur upon his back, carrying him out and pre-
tending that he killed him. [Laughter.] And
almost every one of them is saying, "If your
father will do me any honor so : if not, let him
kill the next Percy himself. Hook to be either
earl or duke, I can assure you." That is the
language of this party after the battle is over
and the victory won. By the by, they do not
give us the same assurance that fat John did,
for said he, " If I do grow great, I'll grow less;
for I'll purge, and leave sack, and live cleanly
as a nobleman should do.'' But, Mr. President.,
instead of when growing great, growing less,
they are swollen to such enormous dimensions
under the pressure of this thing which they sup-
pose they have achieved that they are now-
well nigh to bursting. The honorable Senator
says they are going on; yes, and let everybody
get out of the road. That may do for people
who can be frightened ; but that party has not
been given to frightening anybody heretofore,
that I am aware of. It is exceedingly fertile
in abuse ; it never undertakes to meet a man's
argument except by ridicule and by sneers, and
"by all that kind of machinery which a weak
man always uses against a stronger.
The honorable Senator may go on in his
course, and we will go on in our course. Wo
think that instead of his having had to carry us
through the rebellion we have had to carry him ;
that if there was any load we had it to bear. I
do not .undertake to say that the honorable Sen-
ator did not intend well enough; but he has put !
himself out of the pale of receiving the benefit
of that apology which might be made in his favor,
by assailing the intentions of others. Who made
him a judge and a ruler over Israel ? Who au-
thorized him to say that I despised the laboring
man Y I think I eould prove by good witnesses
that I have done such days of hard work as that
Senator would have hardly survived. And when
he talks about me or the gentlemen with whom
I associate here as not being the friends of the
poor and the friends of the humble he speaks
without the book. By what right does he ar-
raign me as not desiring the prosperity and the
greatness of this country ? Is it not my country
as well as his ? Have I not as many interests
at stake as he has, or any other man? Sir,
when a speech requires such make-weights as
that to extend it over a period of fifteen min-
utes, it had better not be made at all. Here-
after, when a question is before this body, and
is to be met, I hope the question will be argued,
and the question alone.
_ I have raised a simple question of constitu-
tional law; and the Senator says that the Con-
stitution has been dinned in his ears for five
years. Yes, Mr. President, and you might din
it in for twenty, and I doubt whether he would
appreciate a single principle which is involved
in it. Is the Constitution to be nothing? Is the
oath we have taken to support it to be nothing?
Is constitutional learning to be sneered out of
this Chamber? Is a conscientious desire on the
part of a Senator to do his duty as a man should
do it, and to carry out in spirit and in truth that
duty which has been intrusted to him by his con-
stituents, here to be made a subject of reproach
upon this floor. And is a man not to be supposed
to be orthodox, not to be supposed to be patri-
otic, unless he believes in all the vagaries and all
the whims and the ethnology of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts who has traveled, I
suppose, over one hundred and fifty thousand
miles, and has made some twelve or fifteen hun-
dred abolition speeches? I cannot tell how
much a man would know after ho had made
twelve or fifteen hundred speeches on one side,
at one end of a house, where there was nobody
to reply to him; I thi k he would become so
confirmed in his crotchets and so fall of his ab-
surdities by that time that it would be utterly
impossible to teach him anything afterward.
Who arrogated to themselves superior knowl-
edge of the negroes? We did not; but I have
and do again arrogate for the men of the South
who live among them, who live with them, a
knowledge of the negroes and of negro char-
acter superior to that of a man who lives in a
New England State, and sees a negro once per-
'haps in three weeks or a month. I should think
it most extraordinary if such were not the
case.
Mr. President, I come back again now to the
question before the Senate. It is simply this,
whether, in the first place, we have authority to
create this bureau with this jurisdiction at all;
and the question that arises upon the amend-
ment which I have moved is whether wo have a
right to extend it into the loyal States. It may
be said, I know, that it is to be extended there
simply for the relief of the freedmen. I say
that th? freedmen of Pennsylvania ask no re-
lief from the Freedmen's Bureau. Pennsylva-
nia relieves her own destitute and her own poor.
She is not, a pensioner upon the United States
Government for any favors of that kind. I say,
too, that if it is to extend beyond relief, and to
administer municipal law Users for the benefit
of the freedmen, Pennsylvania administers her
own municipal law, enforces her own police
regulations between those who inhabit her bor-
ders, and she does not desire any such contri-
vance as this, but would rather repudiate it and
spew it out of her mouth.
Mr. President, 1 am aware, and I have long
been aware, that it is of no use here with cer-
tain Senators to appeal to the Constitution. I
know that it is of no use to appeal to the past
construction which has been put upon that in-
strument. 1 know that there are Senators who
think certain things ought to be done, and no
matter what barrier stands in the "way they think
they are doing God service when, they overleap-
it. When war was raging over one half of thfc
Republic, when it required all the. energies of
the loyal portion of the Union ,to sustain that
war and to support the soldiers in the field-, t
have often kept .silent, and have not, as 'oftea
as I would otherwise have done,, Biased my voice
against these violations of the Constitution.-,
Now I propose to give a notice as .well as the:
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, and-it
is that from henceforth I will, resist as long-aa
I can, in my humble way, every measure, no
matter what it may be, that I believe' to be a
violation of the fundamental law of this nation,'
and which to me is sacred as the will of the
American people. Sir, what is that Constitu-
tion but the exponent, the embodiment, .of the
will of the American people ? Think of it, sic;
packed into this small volume [exhibiting a
copy of the Constitution] is the will of -thirty,
million people; not the will of a party, not the
will of a faction, but the will of all parties, the
unanimous will of the American people. Who.
dares violate a provision of it? Who dares-
thrust in his will instead of that will ? Who so
arrogant as to assume that they will substitute:
their will for this great will, which is to be our
guide and our rule of action in this body ? Gen-
tlemen talk of the right, and of God being with
the right, and all that kind of thing;. and yet
they forget this sacred truth, that here is our
letter of attorney, here is our warrant for what
we do, here is our authority in the premises,
and the man who goes a stop beyond it, the man
who violates it, is guilty before that God, to
whom the gentleman appeals with sueh facility,
of perjury.
The gentleman assumes that God is on their
side, and that God is with them. So might a-
man assume that God was with him when he
acquiesced in anything that took place in the
universe. I suppose the gentleman will hardly
deny that whatever does take place in the uni-
verse, takes place in accordance with the will
of God, as a whole. He is omnipotent, and it
must be so. Whoever acquiesces in the decrees
of destiny can very well boast that God is with
him of course; but short-sighted, finite mortals
as we are, not knowing what destiny is to be
in the future, are not authorized xn making any
such boasts.
Mr. President, I hope that the operation of>
this bill maybe circumscribcd, if it is to become
a law, to the States lately in rebellion, as those
are the only States over whom we can have a
shadow of pretense for exercising this right,
which must be a belligerent right, if it is any
right at all. I can conceive how men might
suppose that, owing to the fact of the previous
belligerency, this bill would be demanded by a
certain state of things there: I can conceive
how any one might be misled, into that error;
but I cannot see how anybody can imagine that
there is a right existing in this Government to
extend the operation of such a bill over States -
which never were in rebellion, and which never-
did occupy an attitude of belligerency toward
the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President-—
Mr. WILSON. Ihopc the Senator willallow
me a few moments to reply to the Senator from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I was in hopes 
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the Sen-
ator from Illinois yield to the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir, I yield very
reluctantly, for I was in hopes that wo would
go on with the bill, avoiding this general dis-
cussion.  
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, the Senator
from Pennsylvania tells us that he, in the fu-
ture, more than he has in the past, shall resist
certain measures here. I have not a doubt of
what he will do in the future, and I have not
any doubt but that the same result will happen
in the future as has happened in the past, that
his counsels will not be the counsels of the Sen-
ate.
The Senator invokes the Constitution. Every
time a question came up here touching slavery
