1410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
that Legislature, Conservatives and Radicals,
as they arc termed ; and they were instructed
to wait upon him, and 10 learn from him the
sources and the persons from whom he had
obtained the information upon which he made
such serious charges against the people of my
State. They addressed him a letter officially.
He replied to it that such were the terms in
which the resolution had been couched that he
would not hold official intercourse with them.
That is the substance of it; I do not recollect
the exact language; but at the same time he
said if they would come before him as private
individuals he would lay his information before
them.
This General Palmer is a man of capacity.
He understands the etiquette of such matters,
and he knew that this committee'appointed by
a joint order of the Legislature of Kentucky
would never consent that he should uustrip
them of their authority and their otlicial posi-
tion, and make them go as it were by grace and
favor to inspect as private individuals some
such communications probably as the honor-
able Senator from Massachusetts has received
from the South from so many persons whose
names he has withheld. But at any rate i know_
the people of Kentucky; I know the slaves of
Kentucky, and the manner in which they have
always been treated; 1 know that the negro,
free or slave, m the State of Kentucky never
had his person outraged that there was not a
law for indicting punishment upon the party
who perpetrated the outrage; and I know that
there never was a court indisposed to hear, nor
a lawyer that would refuse to advocate, the
cause of such a negio, free or slave. 1 know
that no people 011 the eaithever received more
of sympathy and kindness and justice accord-
ing to the laws of the land and the great prin-
ciples of justice that would protect a weak and
a humble race than the negroes of Kentucky
have received in that Commonwealth; and these
charges of General Palmer I have no doubt are
false, because in all my residence at home 1
never have known or heard of a solitary out-
rage or act of cruelty on the part of white men
toward slaves, i have known of acts of that
kind committed by slaves and nQgro soldiers
upou white men.
But, sir; L knew that these charges upon the
white men of the State of Kentucky were false
for this reason : in the lirst place, it is not in
their nature or disposition to do snch things;
they are not capable ot that sort of maltreat-
ment, of the negroes: and if there had been
wretches, base, degraded, and miscreant enough
so to have treated I hem, I knew there were
soidiei.-,, while and black, stationed all through
the land, comnni'ided by willing myrmidons
of power, who would he ready to seize upon
while men thus malti eating slaver, and to hurry
them oil'to military courts or prisons for pun-
ishment.
The gentleman from North Carolina who
communicated the fact to me which I stated in
regard to the commit tec of tifleen, told mo that
he had an idea of publishing his request to the
country, and 1 advised him to do so. Sir, the
idea of referring the question of the rights of
gentlemen elected by sovereign States to rep-
resent them in this body and of other gentle-
men elected by the people of congressional
districts to represent them in the House of
Representatives, and the right of their States to
be represented m the Congress of the United
Stale", to an unconstitutional, illegal, and irre-
sponsible cabal, and that cabal to hold its sit-
tings in secret, and to pick out and select here
and there men connected with the Freedmen's
Baitau, men who are interested, men whose
employment and salaries, and probably whose
bread depend upon continuing the false im-
pressions upon Congress and the country neces-
sary to protract the existence of that bureau
and their employment, to give evidence against
such a man as Graham and other men whose
names i could mention from the South, and
they not to be notified by this secret cabal and
have no opportunity of summoning men of
character and truth who would depose to what
is true and'nothing else before that committee,
to vindicate the state of public sentiment and
the behavior of the people and the governments
of their States, is an outrage and a shame upon
all justice and all legislative proceedings.
Before I vote for the prin^ng of such evi-
dence, I must know that these men who claim
their seats here have had a fair opportunity to
be heard. Let them be heard. Let men of
character and truth, whom they will name,
speak for their own loyalty and for the loyalty
of the authorities that elected them and of their
States. Let their testimony be heard. Let a
fair, full, and impartial inquiry be made by the
cabal with a view to truth and justice to every
paity and every man, and whatever may be the
result of such an inquiry, I shall then be will-
ing to give it to the public, that the public
judgment may be passed upon it. But until
they are allowed that chance of justice by fair,
impartial, and full investigation, I for'one will
not vote for the publication of this evidence.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, since the
Senator from Kentucky rose, 1 have cut out of
a paper a portion of a speech made by Colonel
W. P. Thomasson, now at the head of the
Freedmen's Bureau, in Louisville, Kentucky.
He was formerly, I believe, a member of the
House of Representatives from Kentucky.
Colonel Thomasson says in his speech:
" It is said that there is no necessity for the bureau
in Kentucky. Our Senators m Congress have asserted
that all the rights of the freeclmen are piotectcd by
the State laws. Now.mypositionenablesmetoknnw
that neither General Palmer's letter to the Journal,
nor General luck's specch in Cincinnati, has told
more than a fraction of what is true on that subject,
and that our statute laws do not protect colored
people."
Now, Mr. President, I have simply to say
in regard to General Fisk, that he is a gentle-
man of talent and character; a Christian man,
whose word will go further in this nation than
the assertions of every rebel sympathizer in
Kentucky. As to General Palmer, the coun-
try knows that he is an eminent citizen of Illi-
nois, a native of Kentucky, a man of capacity
and of high character, a man who knows what
is going on in that State.
Sir, there is one thing that cannot be argued
down, and that is the testimony taken by the
military tribunals in Kentucky during the past
three years. The evidence given in those tri-
bunals would shock the humanity of this nation
if presented to the people. Hundreds of cases
of the grossest and wickedest outrages perpe-
trated upon eolored men in Kentucky during
the last three years have been passed upon
before those military tribunals, the testimony
taken and the verdict of those tribunals ren-
dered and many a man in Kentucky has been
punished by those courts for those outrages.
1 have personally conversed with General
Palmer, General Fisk, General Burbridge.
and General Brisbin, and with other officers
serving in Kentucky in regard to these outrages
perpetrated upon men, and upon women, too,
in that State. The Senate certainly cannot have
forgotten the statement made by the Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Wade] a few months ago in
this body of whathe liimselfsaw in Kentucky of
the outrages perpetrated upon men, women,and
children there; nor can they have forgotten the
statement made the other day by one of the
Representatives of Kontucky'in regard to some
of the recent transactions in that State. I am
not one of those who would arraign the whole
people of the State for these offenses. I do
not say that they have not laws which, if exe-
cuted, would protect the colored people but
returned rebel soldiers, and men in that State
at any rate who prove by their conduct that
they are ready to commit any outrage of cruelty
and offense, have been engaged in these acts ;
they have been frequently arrested and tried,
and often punished. .1 venture to say that many
men are under arrest to-day in Kentucky for
these crimes, and murders and outrages in-
numerable have been committed there, as have
been committed in all that region of country.
Mr, GRIMMS, I dislilje to say anything with
regard to the charges that have boon made by
the Senator from Kentucky, but I think I ought
to do so in justice to myself at any rate. _ T sup-
pose it is known to the members of this body,
and I may as well state it here, that I have been
a member of a sub-committee that has had
charge of the investigation in regard to one of
the rebel States. Now, I desire to say to the
Senator from Kentucky, and to everybody else
in the Senate and out of it, that there has not
been a single person's name suggested to that
sub-committee by any one claiming a seat either
in this body or in the House of Representatives
that has not been immediately summoned and
examined at length before that committee. The
committee have taken the testimony of both the
gentlemen who claim seats in this body from
Tennessee^ They have taken the statement
without any cross-interrogatories at all, pre-
pared by the persons who claim to be elected
to seats in the House of Representatives from
that State. Not a single person has been sug-
gested to us by any one of those members—and
it was at my instance, for I positively asked
them several times whether they desired any-
body else to be subposnaed and called before us
or not—that we have not called and examined.
I am not prepared to speak in regard to the
other States, but I have no reason to believe
that the course pursued has not been precisely
the same in regard to the other States that it
has been in regard to Tennessee. I only state
what the record shows. Ton find the testi-
mony and statements of each one of the gen-
tlemen whom I have designated as being per-
sons who claimed seats in this body and in the
House of Representatives.
In regard to General Fisk I have nothing
further to say, except that he did not come here
voluntarily to testify. The committee requested
the Secretary of War to order him here, and he
came here. As soon as he was discharged by
the committee he returned to his post of duty.
In addition to that, I desire to say that his
administration of the Freedmen's Bureau was
wholly and completely indorsed by Major Gen-
eral Thomas, commanding that department.
That is all I have to say.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. Ill, to
provide for the national defense by establishing
a uniform militia and organizing an active
militia force throughout the United States.
Mr. FESSENDKN. We may as well dis-
pose of this question : and then 1 desire to take
up an appropriation bill. I suppose there will
be no more debate on this matter.
Mr. TRUMBULL. T saw the Senatorfrom
Delaware had risen, as if to debate the ques-
tion under consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
recognized the Senator from Delaware ; but the
morning hour has expired.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I rose simply to offer
an amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us vote on the res-
olution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the vote is taken,
I wish to say, in reply to an intimation of the
Senator from Kentucky, that so far as I know
there has not been an application to take testi-
mony made by any gentleman claiming a seat
here that has not been granted. I have had
but one application made to mo personally,
and that was by a gentleman claiming a seat as
a Senator. By letter he asked me if he could
be permitted to introduce testimony before the
committee. I replied that he could, and to
bring it along. That is the extent of my per-,
sonal knowledge. I have not been engaged in
taking testimony; but I understand that no
application of that sort has been denied.
Mr. JOHNSON. Thevhave allbcen granted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. " .They have all been
granted, the Senator from Maryland says, every
one; and the intimation in regard to the com-
mittee refusing is, let mo say, entirely a mis-
apprehension on the part of the Senator from
Kentucky.
Mr, RIDDLE. I will state to the Senate, as
