4290
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
mittee on Finance did not care to consider it,
I thought it was just as well that it should lie
on the table until we could take it up. This I
understood to be tlje fact: that it is a tran-
script of the provision on this subject which
passed the House in the tariff bill and came to
the Senate some time ago. I understand that
that measure was matured upon consultation
with thosemostfamiliar with itand mostdeeply
interested in it, the manufacturers and the
growers of wool.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And the consumers.
Mr. HOWE. How far the consumers have
teen consulted I do not know ; but we under-
stand, in reference to this interest, that they rep-
resent the consumers also.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope Senators will let
us take up some bill. If we occupy the whole
time with debating the question oi' whether we
shall take up this bill we shall not take up any.
Mr. HOWE. I am not going to take up
the time of the Senate. I hope, under these
circumstances, that the Senate will act on this
bill.
Mr. WADE. It is objected that it is very
uncertain what the provisions of this bill are
and where it originated, and a great deal of
mystery is cast over it. Sir, there is nothing in
that. You passed bills to-day that you never
read; that you know nothing about. There is
that military bill which not a Senator here,
except the gentleman who reported it, knows
anything about. You took his word for it;
and so it is with most of the proceedings of the
Senate at this time. These important bills
come in here, and we rely upon the informa-
tion given us by some two or three gentlemen
who are 011 a committee of conference; we
know nothing about them; and we are very
safe in taking their word, for they never de-
ceive us about it. Mi'. Bixoiiam, a gentleman
who is perfectly competent to deal with this
subject, a very prudent man, carefully tran-
scribed this bill from the other bill, and in-
forms us that this is just as it was in the other
bill that you are all acquainted with. We
know as much about it as we do of anything
else. You may give it the go-by if you will;
but J trust the Senate will consider it.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to suggest that the
rules require this bill to be read at length,
and any Senator can take the tariff bill which
was before us some time ago, while this bill is
being read, and ascertain while it is being read
whether it is a transcript of the other bill or
not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The honorable Senator
from Ohio says that we know as much about
this bill as wo do about anything else.
Mr. WADE. About the military bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1'About anything else"
was the closing remark.
Mr. WADE. Very well; have it so.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say is,
that that remark unquestionably is true, as ap-
plied to himself, but I will thank him not to
apply it to me. Now, sir, what is the argument
of the gentleman? A tariff bill containing some
eight or ten pages, not taken from any particu-
lar place in the tariff bill that was under dis-
cussion, if it is taken from it at all, because
matters in relation to wool and woolens were
scattered all through the length and breadth of
that bill, comes in here on the last day butone
before the close of the session, with all these
provisions in it. It is laid on the table; it is
not referred to a committee; and it is called
up an hour and a half before the time fixed for
the adjournment, after we have been up all
night acting upon the business of this session,
and the demand is made that all other busi-
ness, to which there is no objection, must stop,
if there is any other business, that this may be
taken up and discussed ; and on what author-
ity? There is not a man in this body who pre-
tends that he has read the bill or knows what
is in it. The gentlemen themselves who are
in favor of taking it up and passing it do not
pretend that they know what is in it or that
they have read it; and yet the Senate of the
United States is now called upon to pass an
important tariff bill containing all these pro-
visions, many of them intricate provisions, at
this time. I have cast my eye over them.
Many of them I cannot understand at all, and
are entirely new in relation to this matter, not
such as we have had before us. But we are
asked, on the information that Mr. Bingham,
a member of the House, considers it the same
bill, to act upon that sort of information, and
pass an important bill within an hour and a
half of the close of the session.
Mr. HOWARD. I was about to suggest to
my friend from Maine that we will not take up
the bill about which he is speaking, and I beg
that we may take a vote upon the motion, so
that we may afterward take up the bill distrib-
uting the rewards among the captors of Booth
and the other assassins.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well.
Mr. WADE. Give us a vote upon it. I
object to its being laid aside without a vote.
Mr. WILLIAMS. It is argued that this bill
ought to be taken up at this time because it is
a copy of some portions of the tariff bill. That
tariff bill has never been read in the Senate,
never been considered in the Senate, and never
any part of it approved by the Senate. It never
went to the Committee on Finance. Just as
quick as it was brought in from the House a
motion was made to postpone it until Decem-
ber next, and it was so postponed. I never ex-
amined it I know. It is no argument to say
this is copied from that bill unless the argu-
ment is conclusive that because the House has
passed a bill the Senate must pass it.
Mr. EDMUNDS. The Senator from Maine
said that no Senator in this body had read this
bill. 1 must correct him as to that fact. I have
read it myself carefully, because it interests my
constituents. I do not claim from that that the
Senate ought to take my say-so as to what it
contains; but the bill has been of sufficient in-
terest to me to cause me to study it, so that, so
far as my means of action go, I am perfectly
ready and willing to pass it. 1 only mention
this to correct the Senator as a matter of fact,
but, not as asking the Senate to act on my
information.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was mistaken in my
recollection as to the tariff bill when it first
came in here. Before it was referred to the
Committee on Finance, before any motion was
made to refer it, a motion was made to post-
pone it to the next session of Congress, and it
never came to the Committee on Finance of
this body, and has never been examined in
that committee. We do not know what is in
it. We have had no chance to examine any
part of it; and everybody conceded, a great
many members of the House conceded and
hoped that the Committee on Finance would
examine it and correct its many errors before
it was suffered to pass this body. The argu-
ment in favor of taking up this bill is that it is
copied verbatim from that bill which we never
saw!
Mr. CONNESS. I move that the Senate pro
coed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. SHERMAN. Oh, no ; let us pass the
bill about the assassination awards first.
Mr. CONNESS. We will not remain long
in executive session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. You had better with-
draw that motion, and let us take a vote on
this question.
Mr. CONNESS. If you will come to a vote,-
I will.
Mr. WADE. Let us have a vote on it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question?
Mr. HOWE. 1 just want to correct-
Mr. CONNESS. I renew my motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
no occassion to renew it. It is already made.
Mr. HOWE. I want to correct the Senator
from Maine, and I want to ask him  
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The'ques-
tion before the Senate is, Shall the Senate now
proceed to the consideration of executive busi-
ness?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is withdrawn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
withdrawn.
Mr. CONNESS. I do not want to withdraw
it if this question is to be further discussed;
but if we can come to a vote I will withdraw
it. Everybody knows whether he is willing to
take this bill up or not.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move to lay the pending
motion on the table.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
before the Senate in a way to be laid on the
table. The motion before the Senate-is the
motion of the Senator from California, to pro-
ceed to the consideration of executive business.
Mr. CONNESS. I withdraw it if the Senate
will come to a vote.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I now renew my motion.
Mr. HOWE. I will give way to a motion to
lay on the table.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The bill is not up. How
can it be laid on the table?
Mr. SHERMAN. As a question of parlia-
mentary law any member has a right to move
to lay a pending motion on the table, and there
is no exception to that except a motion to ad-
journ or to go into executive session.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That was
the opinion of the Chair which was given some
days since, although with some hesitation, and
the Chair will continue to follow that decision.
The motion of the Senator from Rhode Island
is to lay the pending motion, which is the mo-
tion of the Senator from Ohio to proceed to
the consideration of House bill No. 793, on the
table. The motion is not debatable.
Mr. WADE. Let us have the yeas and nays
on that question.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ANTHONY. I beg^ leave to say that
while I presume I am in favor of this bill, I
shall vote to lay the motion on the table from
the utter impossibility of considering it at this
time.
Mr. DAVIS. I am in favor of laying this
motion on the table, but I think the motion to
do so is utterly unparliamentary, and I shall
therefore vote against it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 22, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalew, Conness. Cres-
well, Doolittle, Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie, Harris,
Henderson, Howard, Johnson, Lane, McDousrall,
Morgan. Nosmith, Sprapruo, Sumner, Van Winkle,
Willev, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Davis, Edmunds, llowe,
Pomeroy, ltamsey, Ito&s, Sherman, Trumbull, Wade,
and Yatcs—11.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Clark, Cowan, Cragin,
Dixon, Fowler, (irimes, Hendricks, Kirkwood, Mor-
rill, N orton, Nye, Poland, Biddle, Saulsbury, Stewart,
and Wright—17.
So the motion was agreed to.
NORJIAN WIARD.
The bill (II. R. No. 818) for the relief of
Norman Wiard was read twice by its title.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senate to put that
bill upon its passage now. Mr. Wiard is a
gentleman, as is well known to most Senators,
who has made great sacrifices on the subject of
guns and in his inventions, and very useful
ones in the Navy, which have been of great
advantage to the country. The Government
now owe him a large debt and he is suffering
for the want of it. He is a bankrupt and used
up. The House, in consideration of the. great
merits of this man, for what he had done,
passed this bill, in a hurry to be sure; but it
is perfectly just, and, as I believe, does not con-
tain a tenth part of the amount that is justly
due him. I hope that the Senate will consider'
it at once. They may think it is sudden, and
they may say they want time to consider it
further ; and if they do I shall not deny that
the request is reasonable enough ; but I believe
that Mr. Wiard is suffering very much for some
portion of the very large debt that is undoubt-
edly due him, and I hope at this late period of
the session this House bill will be suffered to
pass. That is all I have to say about it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I must object to its pres-
ent consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. _ Objection
being made, the bill cannot be considered.
