2370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 3,
ment about two hundred miles distant from
Prescott, which is the capital of the Territory.
All their connections and business are with the
Territory of Arizona.
Now, if they were annexed to the State of
Nevada they would be obliged, in order to reach
the capital of the Territory, either to go round
by San Francisco or to go up nearly to the point
of the overland mail route before they could get
into the route leading to the capital of Nevada.
There is no natural connection between this
country and the State of Nevada. It is sepa-
rated from that State by a portion of the great
desert, which presents an almost impassable
barrier. It is so perfectly barren that it is called
"Death Barren." That forms the boundary
between the two.
There is another objection to this bill. _ It
establishes a new precedent in legislation.
While the consent of the State of Nevada is
made a condition-precedent to the annexation
of this Territory, no consent is required on the
j part of the people of Arizona. They are obliged
to take upon themselves the burden of a State
government without their consent. I would be
perfectly willing that this bill should pass if
the people of that portion of Arizona can be
permitted to vote on this question and decide
it by a majority. And I propose to offer, if this
amendment should not be adopted and the bill
should pass in its present shape, an amend-
ment of that kind. And sir, I know, and gen-
tlemen who advocate this bill know, that if the
bill does pass in this shape there will be an
almost unanimous vote of the people of that
portion of the Territory against it.
It. may be urged that there are but few peo-
ple within this Territory. Last year there were
fifteen hundred people at least upon the Muddy
river and its branches, and I am informed by
the Governor of Arizona, Mr. McCormick, that
there are now nearly twenty-five hundred peo-
ple within the Territory, and that by the mid-
dle of this summer there will be live thousand.
The burden of a State government is sought
to be imposed upon these people without ask-
ing in any way their consent, and I believe that
is establishing a wrong precedent.
Mr. GRINNELL. With the permission of
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Ashley,] I
desire to say that I have a friend living upon
this portion of the Territory proposed to be set
off, and if we are to yield to the vote of the peo-
ple whether it shall be annexed to Nevada, I
see no objection whatever, inasmuch as Utah
has a much laiger portion of arable territory.
At present I do not believe it is as well gov-
erned as Nevada, but if we are going to yield
to the people, to cortimon sense, and to the
laws of nature, they would go there ; and if
eighty thousand square miles is not enough for
Utah, as it is at present constituted, I think wo
had better take off a little on the north. I hope
we will by all means give Nevada a slice, thus
securing more arable land to that State which
is well governed and is now yielding a very
large revenue to the Government.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. In a moment I
will yield to the gentleman from Nevada, who
is more interested in this matter than any
other member of the House. I want to say,
in reply to the gentleman from Utah, [Mr.
Hooper,] that when I was on a visit last sum-
mer through his Territory, President Young
told me he had no objection whatever to this
proposed dismemberment of the Territory of
Utah. There are but few, if any, of his people
living upon the territory proposed to be trans-
ferred.
Mr. WASIIIJU RNE, of Illinois. I would
like to know who President Young is?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Mr. Brigham
Young is president of the church.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Oh !
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I favor this meas-
ure and am opposed to the amendment of the
gentleman from Maine, because the bill equal-
izes the Territories and makes the area of Ne-
vada, which is now but 80,000 square miles,
by the additions taken from Utah and Arizona,
104,000 square miles; Colorado has 104,000
square miles; New Mexico has 121,000 square
miles ; and with the dismemberment which we
propose from Arizona, we still leave that Ter-
ritory 121,000 square miles. Thus the terri-
torial area of Nevada will be 104,000 square
miles, Utah 88,000, Arizona 121,-000, New
Mexico 121,000, and Colorado 104,000.
In addition to that, the annexation of this
territory to Nevada makes the boundary line
of that State a navigable river. The_ head
waters of navigation will then be within the
State of Nevada; they will have an outlet to
the Gulf and to the sea; and as they have
less arable land susceptible of cultivation than
either Arizona or Utah, I think it due that we
should annex this territory to the State of
Nevada.
I will state that at the time the Territory of
Nevada was erected, but few of the members
of the Committee on Territories understood
anything of that country; it was comparatively
unknown; we only knew it as a mining coun-
try. Since that time I myself have been
through the Territory of Utah and the State of
Nevada, coming back by the southern route;
and I think I understand the wants of the peo-
ple of that country; and I am sure the Speaker
also understands them. I hope, therefore,
that the proposition made by the Senate and
sent in here will be adopted, and that the
amendment of the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
IIice] will be voted down.
I now yield, for a moment, to the gentleman
from Nevada, [Mr. Ashley.]
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah. Before the gentle-
man from Ohio yields the floor, I desire to ask
him a question. I would ask him whether he
thinks that, from atrip across the country, he
knows more about that country and the wants
of its people than a man who has lived there
for sixteen years.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not know that
a man could pick up the same amount of in-
formation in the time I was there that a man
could pick up in fifteen or sixteen years; but
I know that the information I obtained was
from reliable gentlemen, and that I am quite
as disinterested in this matter as the gentleman
can be who represents the Territory of Utah.
I now yield to the gentleman from Nevada.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. Mr. Speaker,
it was for a long time understood in Nevada
that we had this territory that it is proposed
now to take from Utah. Some of the maps
showed it; a map which the Delegate from
Arizona had here showed it. But the law
turned out to be different.
The reason why we want this territory for
Nevada is that our people from Nevada have
discovered mines in that degree of latitude,
and we are occupying the country now. Llive
in the eastern part of Nevada myself, and I
know of but one Mormon living in that degree
of latitude. The Mormons have always been
averse to mining; they have crushcd it out in
that Territory, and I can tell this Congress
that our people who discover and work mines
there do not wish to be under the control of
the government of Utah; and I tell you that
it is for the benefit of the United States that
they should not be. All of Nevada was made
out of the Territory of Utah. They opposed
the organization of the Territory of Nevada
in the beginning.
Mr. HOOPER, of Utah.^ I would like to
ask the gentleman a question. I believe that
when the Territory of Nevada was organized
I was the Delegate from Utah, and so far from
opposing the measure, I acquiesced in it. And
let me repeat here that it is merely as a matter
of principle that I object to this measure.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Nevada. The Territory of
Nevada was here three years before she could
be admitted. And if Utah was in favor of it,
as well as the people of Nevada, it is a little
strange it took so long to get her in.
Now, our people are occupying this strip of
territory, which Utah does not need and which
we do. The State of Nevada has not to exceed
fifty thousand inhabitants, while the returns of
the collector of internal revenue show that she
pays a tax of $286,000. Utah has a popula-
tion of eighty thousand, and pays but $41,000
tax. The people of Nevada pay taxes at the
rate of $5 70 each; the people of Utah at the
rate of fifty-one cents each, or about one elev-
enth as much as the people of Nevada. Let
members judge which is the most benefit to the
United States.
The gentleman from Utah [Mr. Hooper]
speaks of the principle of the thing. I should
like to know what principle is violated by this
bill, when the organic act of Utah provides for
reserving to the Congress the right to take a
portion of the territory to be annexed to some
other State or Territory. And that is the case
in regard to the organic act of Arizona. The
Territory _ of Utah has twenty-five thousand
square miles more than Nevada has, and the
district proposed to be annexed to Nevada i3
a mining territory. The people of Nevada
are a mining people, while the people of Utah
are an agricultural people. We need this strip
of territory; our interests are identical with the
interests of those who inhabit that strip of ter-
ritory. Utah will then be left with eighty-eight
thousand square miles, which is seven thousand
square miles more than Nevada now has.
In regard to Arizona, I will say that there is
a point of land across the Colorado river, run-
ning up between Nevada and California, of
about six thousand square miles. It has been
very little occupied until lately. Since navi-
gation has been opened, a few persons from
Utah have gone down there and settled at the
head of navigation on the western side of the
Colorado river. They are opposed to being
united with Nevada, bccause they will then be
under a State government, and not under a
territorial government, where they might have
more influence.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I must resume the
floor now, and ask for a vote upon the amend-
ment of the gentleman froni Maine, [Mr. Rice.]
The question was taken; and upon a division,
thffre were—ayes twenty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
read a third time; and having been read the
third time, it was passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON TERRITORY.
Mr. ASHLEY; of Ohio, from the Commit-
tee on Territories, reported back, without
amendment, House bill No. 179, amendatory
of the organic act of Washington Territory,
approved March 2, 1853.
The bill was read. The first section provide?
that after the next annual session of the Legis-
lative Assembly of the Territory of Washing-
ton the sessions shall ?>e biennial; members
of the Council shall be elected for a term of four
years, and members of the House for a term
of two years, and shall receive the sum of six
dollars per day instead of three dollars, as here-
tofore allowed, and the same mileage now
allowed by law. *
The second section provides that each House
shall have authority to elect, in addition to the
officers now allowed by law, an enrolling clerk,
who shall receive five dollars per day; the
chief clerk shall receive six dollars per day,
and the other officers elected by said Legisla-
ture shall receive five dollars each per day.
_ The third section provides that the first elec-
tion for the first biennial session under this act
shall be held at' the time of holding the general
election for the Territory in 1867.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I call the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, moved to recon-
sider the vote by which the bill was passed;
