3880
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 21,
that my modification ofTOe twenty-seventh sec-
tion was proposed after consultation with a dis-
tinguished officer of the Adjutant General's
department. The twenty-eighth section was
also the subject of consideration in my consul-
tation with him, that being the only other sec-
tion to which he desired to call my attention.
I have assented to the propriety of some modi-
fication in this section; and I therefore move
to amend by striking out all after the enacting
clause of the section and inserting the follow-
ing:
That whenever an officer of the staff or of the line
shall be deemed unfitted for or inefficient in the per-
formance of his duties in the particular corps or arm
of the service in which he may be, the President is
authorized to transfer him to some other staff corps
or arm of the line; but an officer on being so trans-
ferred shall only take such rank in the staff or corps
in which he is placed as he held by commission in the
staff or line before his transfer.
It will be observed, Mr. Speaker, that ex-
cepting the transposition of the clauses of the
sentence, this is the same as the section of the
bill, with this difference: it assigns an expla-
nation of the occasion upon which the Pres-
ident may make this transfer. In thus as-
signing the reason for making the transfer, it
carries out more clearly the object of the com-
mittee. Very often there may be found in
the quartermaster's department an officer who
would make a good officer of the lino, having
perhaps more capacity and propensity for fight-
ing than for keeping accounts. Sometimes, on
the other hand, an officer of the line would ren-
der more efficient service in one of the staff
departments. In some cases, a quartermaster
would make a better adjutant, or an adjutant
a better commissary. This substitute, there-
fore, provides that when an officer is deemed
in any respect unfitted for the peculiar duties
of the particular arm of the service to which
he belongs, this transfer shall be made, not
implying any imputation upon the character
of the officer., but being based on the fact of
his greater fitness for the branch of the service
to which he is transferred.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man from Ohio were correct in his interpreta-
tion of the substitute which he has offered for
this section, I would certainly agree with him
as to the propriety of adopting it. But it seems
to me that he has entirely misapprehended the
purport and scope of his own amendment.
If it should be found in any case that an
officer in one corps or staff department of the
Army would excel in another corps or staff
department, and ought therefore to be trans-
ferred, that transfer cannot, under this substi-
tute, be made, unless the officer is disqualified
for the duties of the particular corps or staff
department to which he belongs. Nov/, Mr.
Speaker, this is all wrong. There may bo in
one arm of the service an officer eminently fit-
ted to discharge the duties devolved upon him
in that arm, and yet by his talents or accom-
plishments may be better fitted for some other
arm of the service in which he may distinguish
himself, and more ably and profitably serve tlie
country. Still, sir, under this substitute the
President would not have the power to trans-
fer him. Take this case, for example: an
officer is in the infantry ; he is a good captain
or lieutenant colonel of infantry. Because he
discharges his duty well as an officer of in-
fantry the President cannot transfer him to any
other arm of the service. If it be discovered
that he would be an admirable engineer officer,
or might distinguish himself and better serve
the country in the artillery or cavalry, the
President cannot transfer him, because ho is
fitted for the duties he is actually performing.
It is on that account I am opposed to this
substitute.
I am opposed to shutting the door to the trans-
fer of those officers, who, although qualified for
the duties they are discharging are still better
qualified for the discharge of other duties. If a
man is competent to the discharge of higher
duties in another branch of the service, let it
be no reason to refuse him a transfer that he is
also competent to his present duties.
Mr. SCHENCK. I propose a modification.
We are aiming at the same thing, I am per-
fectly satisfied, and the amendment-1 have
offered, by making it positive in one direction
ratherthan negative in another, will accomplish
the object. I propose to modify the amend-
ment so it will provide, whenever an officer of
the staff or of the line shall be deemed better
fitted for or likely to be more efficient in the
performance of his duty in another corps or
arm of the service, &c.
Mr. PAINE. I suggest it should provide,
whenever it is for the interest of the country
or the service this transfer shall be made.
Mr. SCHENCK. That is falling back upon
what we had before. I suggest for the present
action on this section be reserved.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The Clerk read the next section, as follows:
Sec. 29. And be it further enacted, That the Super-
intendent of the United States Military Academy
may hereafter be selected, and the officers on duty
at that institution detailed, from any arm of the ser-
vice ; and the supervision and charge of the Academy
shall be in the War Department, under such officer
or officers as the Secretary of War may assign to that
duty. The chaplain at the United Statos Military
Academy shall no longer be required to act also as
professor, but a professor of English literature, geog-
raphy, history, and ethics shall be appointed for that
institution, to be on the same footing and to be paid
the same compensation as other professors of the
Academy.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend by inserting
1' shall'' instead of '1 may, "and after the word
"selected" the words "from the corps of
Engineers." In the history of West Point so
far we have had no officer at the head of the
institution except one who has been educated
for the engineer service, which service requires
a wider range of knowledge than any other in
the Army. It involves a study of chemistry,
mathematics, and almost every other depart-
ment of service. By the change now proposed
in this bill a Superintendent of West Point may
be appointed from any other branch of the ser-
vice. I believe we have never had but two
applications for the Superintendency of West
Point from any other than the Engineer corps,
and in both cases they were made by officers
who have been in the rebel army.
Mr. SCHENCK. There is the plainest reason
why officers have not applied from other arms
of the service for appointment as Superintend-
ent of West Point, because the law has con-
fined it to the Engineer corps, and their appli-
cations were utterly absurd if they made them.
Now, sir, almost every Board of Visitors of
West Point for years past, including the last,
of which I had the honor to be one, has con-
curred on examination of that institution in the
recommendation that this change of the law
should be made throwing open the Superin-
tendency to the entire Army. The reason,
summed up in three words by the last Board
of Visitors, seems to me to cover the whole
ground. They say to confine the Superintend-
ency to the corps of Engineers in the early
stages of that institution, when it was a school
of engineers, might be well enough, but when
it came to be the one great national military
and polytechnic institution of the United States
that reason ceased. And as that institution is
used for the purpose of making officers in all
the arms of the service and in every staff corps,
it is right and proper that every arm of the ser-
vice and every staff corps should have an op-
portunity of furnishing its best material. -Why,
sir, General Grant told me in convei'sation—
and I do not hesitate to repeat what he said,
as there was nothing of a confidential charac-
ter in it—he remarked that without disparage-
ment of the present Superintendent at West
Point if the appointment should be confined to
the Engineer corps he knew that there was one
man whom he had in his mind who would make
a perfect and model Superintendent who never
could be appointed under the present law.
Let me say here that if General Grant him-
self desired to be the head of that institution,
as Admiral Porter is at the head of the Naval
Academy, he is not competent by law to fill
that position. General Sherman could not do
it. General Sheridan could not do it. The
officer must be selected from the Engineer
corps, now numbering one hundred and five,
but to be reduced by this bill to eighty. The
purpose of this amendment is to throw the
position open to the whole Army, and to let
the best men in every branch of the service be
eligible for selection to this position. The Sen-
ate, after voting down by a majority of one,
the proposition of the House, has by a major-
ity of two thirds adopted this very amendment
as an amendment to an appropriation bill. It
belongs more properly to an Army bill. 1 am
glad to see the Senate thus selecting provisions
of our Army bill, and giving us in advance their
judgment upon some of the reforms which we
propose.
The question was taken upon the amend-
ment, and it was disagreed to.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move to recon-
sider the vote by which the substitute for sec-
tion twenty-seven was agreed to.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurred on agreeing to the
substitute for the section.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I was called out
of the Hall at the time the morning hour
expired, and lost the opportunity of pressing
a vote upon my amendment. I offer it now
as an amendment to the substitute. It is as
follows:
Provided, That in applying the rule of promotion
no distinction shall be made between officers of regi-
ments composed of colored men and those composed
of white men, but promotions shall be by interchange
equally open to all said officers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
substitute as amended ; and being put, the said
substitute was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows :
Sec. 30. And be it further enacted, That no officer of
the Army in time of peaceshall be dismissed the ser-
vice unless in accordance with the provisions of this
act, or by sentence of a court-martial duly approved.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows:
Sec. 31. Andbeit further enacted, That immediately
after tho passage of this act the President of the Uni-
ted States shall convene a council of officers to as-
semble at Washington city, which council shall bo
composed of threo general officers of the Army, three
officers of infantry, two officers of artillery, two offi-
cers of cavalry, two officers of the medical depart-
ment, one officer of the Adjutant General's depart-
ment, one officer of engineers, one officer of ordnance,
one officer ofthe quartermaster's department, one offi-
cer of the subsistence department, one officer of the
Inspector General's department, and one officerof the
pay department; all to be selected for their high
character for intelligence, discretion.justice, patriot-
ism, and professional ability, and who, being thus
selected, shall be retained on the Army list. It shall
be the duty of this council to inquire into and con-
sider the capacity, character, record of services, and
fitness to be continued in the military service of
every officer below the grade of brigadier general,
who may be in the Army at the time of the passago
of this bill, and with a viowtothis they shall be fur-
nished with allinformation, papers, records, and other
documentary evidence they may require from the
War Department. As they proceed with this inves-
tigation. they shall, from time to time, make written
report, of their conclusions in each case to the Secre-
tary of War. When the report of a majority of the
council is not adverse in the case of any officer, he
shall thereupon beimmediately marked on the Army
list to be retained in the scrvico in the position or
rank which he is then holding, of which due notice
shall be given in general orders; but if the majority
of the council report that in their opinion, and for
reasons which they shall assign, the case of any offi-
cer ought to be further inquired into, he shall there-
upon besummoned, by order, toappear before aboard,
to consist of three general officers or officers of his
corps or arm of the service senior to him in rank, to
undergo furtherexamination. On such examination,
besides other inquiry as to his capacity and qualifica-
tions.mental, moral, and physical, theofficer shall bo
allowed, if the case requires it, full and reasonable
opportunity for explanation and defense, and may
produce witnesses and other testimony to meet any
objections or charges made against him. If the board
thereupon report that he is not qualified to remain
in the Army, forreasons other than any which involve
bad moral character, he shall be placed on the retired
list, as is provided in other cases for the retirement
of Army officers, and on the same conditions; but if
he be found unfit for the service on account of moral
disqualifications, he shall at once be dropped from
the rolls of the Army. And in making such investi-
gations into the fitness of officers to be retained m the
service, the said military council, and such boards as
may at any time be appointed and organized under
the provisions of this section, shall take into account
the eases of any who may have been employed in no
active duty in the field during any part of the late
war, and shall inquire specially into the reasons for
