346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
or.slaves we tad'Ms interpretation of the Con-
stitution. dinned into our unwilling"ears._ I take
it, we are quite as capable of interpreting the
Constitution, or of understanding it, as the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania. I donot know what
right he has to come into this Chamber and make
pretensions to interpret that instrument to other
Senators. It is not the Constitution that we
object to; we believe in that quite as much as
the Senator from Pennsylvania; but it is to that
Senator's construction of the Constitution to
which we object. The Senate has not believed
in it in the past, and I venture to'say it will not
be guided by it in the future. What right has
that Senator to rise here to-day as he has done,
and hold the Constitution of his country in his
hand, and speak to us as though he was a Mar-
shall, a Story, or a Webster, and that we were
children to sit at his feet and accept without
hesitation his construction of the Constitution?
I do not acknowledge such a right on his part.
He is not my teacher, nor the teacher of the
rest of us. He has his opinions. I am ever
ready to give to those opinions due considera-
tion; but when he comes into the Senate and
arraigns the rest of us for want of fidelity to our
oaths, I ask him by what authority he does it.
God and nature never intended that he should
teach the Senate of the United States as one
having authority.
But the Senator is pleased to tell us that dur-
ing this war he has had to carry us along. He
carry us along! Why, sir, there is hardly a
measure that we have advocated during the war
that received his sanction.
The Senator talks about the anti-slavery so-
cieties. I said nothing of anti-slavery societies.
I spoke of that great organization rallying
around living ideas that made Abraham Lin-
coln President of the United States in I860 and
again in 1864. Ninety-nine out of every hun-
dred of the men of that organization think as
we think here, and havo been with us through
the war, and are with us now. When we hesi-
tate, they are behind us pointing out; the path
of duty and bidding us walk therein.
The Senator tells us that the soldiers put
down this rebellion; of course they put down
the rebellion. Weputonehundred and eighty
thousand black men into the field to help them
to do it. The Senator opposed it; he thought
that putting arms in the lianda of black men
would weaken us. In fact, nearly all the great
leading measures to weaken slavery and to
strengthen the country were opposed by the
Senator; and he tells us now that if he were
to standby the side of .Jell'. Davis in his dying
hour, Daviswould whisper into his ear that it
was tliis anti-slavery sentiment, this opposition
to slavery here, that banded together his men
in the South and euabled him to continue the
contest. We have heard that assertion often
enough, and there is not the shadow of a shade
of truth or reason in it. It served its purpose,
and it is quite time it was abandoned. Every
vote given in this Senate, every act passed by
Congress that weakened slavery or emanci-
pated a (slave, weakened the rebellion and
strengthened (he country; and history will so
pronounce. That is the verdict of (he nation
to-day, and the Senator himself may think so
at sometime ; I hope he will advance far enough
along for that. Sir, you will find that just as
the idea pervaded the rebel States that slavery
was a lost institution, just in that proportion
they gave up the hope of triumph and yielded.
Let me say to the Senator that if he should
stand by the side of .left'. Davis at his dying
hour, if he should be Davis's confessor, and
Davis should make a confession of that fiharac-
ter,, the great rebel will be more mistaken than
he has been in all the six past years of his life,
which have been one grand mistake. There is
not a semblance of truth in it. It was only on
Saturday evening that one of the most learned
men of the South came to see me, and ho gave
me this statement; believing in secession, be-
lieving in slavery, he left the country, stopped
for a time in one of the West India islands on
his way to Canada. He found the freedmen
therelivingeomfortably, andhebeganto change
his opinion about emancipation. He went to
Halifax. There he found the colored people
free and prosperous, and he became impressed
with the fact that these people could prosper
in freedom. He came to this conclusion, and
he went to Richmond, after his return home,
and urged upon the government that as slavery
was to §o down there was no need of the war
continuing any longer ; that the object for which
they were fighting was lost; that if slavery was
a lost cause, there ought not to be two nations
on this continent. That statement of the dis-
tinguished gentleman, who is known through-
out the country for his learning and accomplish-
ments, is the statement of a truth that pervaded
the whole southern mind. They went into re-
bellion to make slavery eternal; they_found that
by our legislation, by our determination, by the
policy of the Administration, which the Senator
from Pennsylvania generally opposed, slavery
was perishing, that it was to go down, and then
they realized that the cause of the confederacy
was lost, and they had better give up the hope-
less contest.
I remember being in the room of Mr. Lin-
coln when an eminent American just returned
from abroad was presented to him. He said to
Mr. Lincoln, "I have spent many months in
England and France, and I come to tell you
that your proclamation of emancipation has pre-
vented the recognition of the confederacy by
England and France.1' Mr. Lincoln replied,
"1 know that to be true." And yet that great
measure, that prevented the recognition of the
confederacy by those two powerful nations; that
great measure that strengthened us in Europe
beyond human calculation; that great measure
(hat struck (he first great blow at this rebellion,
was opposed by the Senator from Pennsylvania
and these gentlemen who undertake to arraign
us now and to arrest the consummation of the
great work of complete emancipation. I say
to you, sir, what is true, that we who have stood
by this policy of destroying slavery after slavery
had raised ils bloody hand against our country,
we who broke it down wherever we could reach
it, contributed, as far as legislation could go,
and as far as the public voice qould go, to weaken
the rebellion and strengthen the country. And
our brave soldiers in the hold, partaking of our
spirit, believing as we believed, four fifths of
them believing in the cause of liberty, trampled
the rebellion down under (he iron heel of war.
If we had had no rebellion we should have had
now no emancipation; but, sir, it was the sen-
timent of the country, of the Christian men of
the country, the men who love liberty, stand-
ing up and resisting the aggressive policy of sla-
very, which made that war of ideas that finally
came to the war of arms, and in the contest the
country has been made a free country and sla-
very has perished forever. There are evils now
to be corrected ; there are rights to be secured:
and it is our duty, the country and (lod impose
it upon us, to do iu the future as in the past, to
take the amplest guarantees for the liberties of
the poor, tho weak, and the lowly, and the am-
plest guarantees for the security of the future
peace and glory of our country.
Although the Senator speaks of the intense
spirit of hatred toward the South, 1 say, for
myself, and I would say it if I were in the pres-
ence of Almighty God. that I never had one
sentiment of hostility or hatred toward the peo-
ple of the rebel States, not even during this
bloody war. I have looked upon Davis and
his compeers as the mere hands of the rebel-
lion. 1 have believed slavery to be its brain,
its heart, its soul. Standing as the advocate
of human rights, as one of the humblest of the !
men who were upholding their country and the.!
cause of liberty. 1 have felt charity toward those I
people: and all I ask of them now is security for !
the future. I want universal justice, universal
liberty, and then I am for amnesty to all. I
would—I say it in all conscience here to-day—
have those rebel States speedily comeback again
and fill those seats with their chosen leaders,
and although they might not vote with me, or
love me, or love what I love, I would trust to
the future, to the healing influence of time, and
I will meet them everywhere with kindness and
treat them as T would erring brethren of my
Father's household. But, sir, I insist upon it,
the country will insist upon'it, that we shall
not peril one single right of the poorest man
that treads the soil_ of the country. This posi-
tion I shall maintain; for I would rather have
the thanks of one poor black boy away down in
the depths of Carolina, that I may never see
and never know, than to receive the compli-
ments of the proudest man in the land who
would take away or impair the rights of the
poorest of the sons or daughters of toil.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, the Senator
from Massachusetts,in the course of his remarks,
said that I had made two admissions, as if I
had done something that was inadvertent. I
expressed nothing but my sentiments and what
I believe must necessarily be the judgment of
all the profession who will take the pains to
examine the Constitution of the United States,
as it has been lately amended, and its effect
upon the existing institution of slavery and the
existing law of the States in relation to it. The"
Constitution of the United States now abolishes
slavery. That Constitution is the supreme law
of the land, and it sweeps away everything that
interferes with the great right of freedom which
it now secures, and the legislation of every State
of the Union, and oven of Congress, in opposi-
tion to it would fall as soon as it was enacted.
That is the effect of the constitutional amend-'
ment.
But, sir, I have been a little astonished at the
extreme measures that have been brought up
here under the pretext of making the constitu-
tional amendment effective. What can be mcire
effective than the national will expressed in the
Constitution? Whatlegislation is needed to aid
and assist it? It is said it contains no punitive
act, no act punishing its violation, that no pen-
alty is prescribed for its violation. Every act
under an unconstitutional law infringing upon
the rights of individuals, whether white or black,
is null and void. Holding this doctrine, be-
lieving it to be the true doctrine, and that none
other can possibly be true, what is the use of
our declaring and legislating those laws void
which the Constitution of the United States has
made void; and what kind of respect will the
people suppose we pay to the Constitution when
we are making an act in aid of it, to destroy or
repeal that which has already been destroyed
and fallen before it? There was no inadvert-
ence in the admission that I made, because I
hold to it just as strongly as I hold to any doc-
trine that [ acquire in the study of the Consti-
tution and the study of the profession to which
I once belonged.
The other admission I will not comment upon.
1 belieyeditwastme. All history will justify it;
and I believe when the history of this country
and of tho effects of the legislation that may
follow this rebellion shall come to be written,
it will be verified again.
The gentleman has made one admission which
does him great honor. He says that he enter-
tains no hatred or ill-feeling against the South ;
that he wants no more blood and no more con-
fiscation. That sentiment does honor to him
as a Senator; it does honor to him as a man.
But pardon me for remarking that I have seen
it nowhere in his.movements for legislation to-
ward the South, nor have I seen it come from
any of his party. 1 intend to cast no rcproaeh
upon gentlemen. They act according to their
convictions and their sense of duty.
There is only one other remark that I desire
to make. The Senator spoke of the Demo-
cratic party as representing onty Kentucky and
the little State of Delaware. It is true we are
in a small minority in the Senate, but there are
eleven of us here of the old stripe, and we have
faith in its doctrines and that it will rise again.
We are not claiming anything for its past vir-
tues or its past triumphs; but we believe that
that party that stands up, not only for national
rights according to the Constitution, but for
State rights, too, according to the Constitution,
and preserving this G-overnm ent according to the
principles of the great men who made it, will be
