1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2371
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
artesian wells in the territories.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, from the Committee
on Territories, reported back, with an amend-
ment, House joint resolution No. 32, to facili-
tate communication with certain Territories.
The question was on ordering the joint res-
olution to be engrossed and read the third
time.
The joint resolution was read at length. It
provides that whenever any loyal citizen of the
United States shall make and establish an
artesian well on the line of any mail route in
New Mexico, Arizona, and Colorado, and the
Colorado desert of California, at least ten miles
distant from any spring or stream of living
water upon such route, and a like distance from
any well which may be established thereon by
virtue hereof, he shall be entitled to one section
of the public land, not including mineral land,
embracing sueh well, the same to bo marked
out and designated in a compact form by such
citizen; and upon filing with the surveyor
general a sworn notice of the fact that such
well has been established, with a particular
description of the premises so marked out and
designated, the same shall be treated as reserved
land, and after the lapse of three years from
the date of such establishment and upon satis-
factory proof made to the said surveyor gen-
eral of conformity to the foregoing stipulations,
and that pure water from such well has been
constantly furnished without charge to the pub-
lic traveling upon such route, the inceptive
right of the claimant shall be affirmed, and
upon the extension of the lines of the public
survey, the boundaries of such section shall
be adjusted according to the lines thereof.
The second section provides that effect shall
be given this resolution by the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, who shall have full
power to revise and finally determine all rights
and claims arising under the same, and to fur-
nish evidence of title to such reserves, by pat-
ent or otherwise, with such conditions incor-
porated tbQrein as may be necessary to secure
and perpetuate the purposes of the grant;
provided that no more than six hundred and
forty acres shall be granted in the case of any
one well; and provided further, that no
grantee or beneficiary under this act shall be
allowed to enter any lands under any home-
stead act of the United States.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, obtained the floor, but
yielded it to
Mr. GOODWIN, who moved to amend by
inserting after the word "well," in the fourth
line, the words "at places where water cannot
be procured by other means;" so that the
clause would read;
Whenever any loyal citizen of the United Slates
shall make and establish an artesian well at places
where water cannot be procured by other means.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I have no objection
to that amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I dgsire to inquire whether
this is the bill we had before us some time ago
proposing to give a square mile of land to any
man who digs a well.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. No, sir; by the amend-
ment which has just been proposed, it is pro-
vided that these grants shall not be made,
except in cases where water cannot be procured
by other means.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman would
reduce the quantity, so as to give only a quarter
section or one hundred and sixty acres in each
case, I do not know that I would object to the
bill. As it is, I move that the bill be laid on
the table.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Rice] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I demand the pre-
vious question, and yield to the gentleman from
Ohio, the chairman of the committee.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am very certain
that the gentleman from Pennsylvania would
not desire to have this bill laid on the table had
he ever traveled oven* thosrc plain®. I undertake
to say that in this immense region, east of the
Sierra Nevada mountains, there is not one acre
in ten thousand that can be used for agricul-
tural purposes without irrigation; and in all
that country there is not in any living stream
or lake sufficient water to irrigate one acre in
every ten thousand. The only hope of redeem-
ing this land is in having these artesian wells
dug, in order that the lands there may have
irrigation.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask the gentleman
a question ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. Docs the gentleman expect
that irrigation for agricultural purposes will be
furnished by artesian wells ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Itis the only hope.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it any hope at all ?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not know
whether sufficient water can ever be obtained
in this way: but I do know that some of the finest
regions in the Old World have been opened to
cultivation by means of the irrigation furnished
by artesian wells ; and I know that in this vast
country, ranging from Mexico to the northern
Pacific, there is not one acre in ten thousand
which can ever be brought under cultivation
unless by the aid of artesian wells.
Mr. HlGBY. I desire to state, in connection
with this question, that in San Jos6 valley, in
the State of California, there are several arte-
sian wells which have been sunk to a great
depth, andwhichgivean abundantflow ofwater.
And in the city of Stockton, in the county of
San Joaquin, an artesian well luis been sunk
to the depth of nine hundred or a thousand
feet, giving a stream of water which rises twelve
or fifteen feet above the surface.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I resume the floor to
demand the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope Ac
House will refuse to second the demand for the
previous question. I desire to know from the
gentleman from Maine whether, under existing
law, there is not provision by which title to a
portion of the land on this mail route can be
obtained from the Government.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. No, sir.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand there is. I can get the book in a minute.
They are entitled to preemption.
Mr. EICE, of Maine. Under the homestead
bill they may be.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded.
On seconding the previous question there
were, on a division—ayes 67, noes 35.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered to be
put.
The amendment was agreed to.
The jointresolution, as amended, was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time ; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the j oint resolution was passed;
and .also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table. '
The latter motion was agreed to.
committee os territories.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I ask that the Com-
mittee on Territories shall have another morn-
ing hoar after the call of the select committees.
When the committee was called before I was
absent on account of sickness.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object.
amendment of territorial acts.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, from the Committee
on Territories, reported back House bill No.
508, to amend the organic acts of the Territo-
ries of Nebraska, Colorado, Dakota, Mon-
tana, Washington, Idaho, Arizona, Utah, and
New Mexico.
During the reading of the bill the morning
hour expired, and the bill went over until the
next morning hour for public business.
committee ox territories again.
Mr. ASHLEY, ofOhio. I ask that the Com-
mittee on Territories shall have a morning hour
on Saturday next.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois.. I object.
I do not object to the committee having a morn-
ing hour after the usual morning hour.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I object,
Mr. STEVENS. ' I suggest that Saturday
week be set apart to receive reports from all
the committees. We can never get through
unless that be done.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. An hour
for each committee.
Mr. ROSS. I call for the regular order of
business.
Mr. STEVENS moved that the House pro-
ceed to the business upon the Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
admission or colorado.
The SPEAKER accordingly laid before the
House Senate bill No. 74, for the admission of
Colorado into the Union; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. 1 am instructed to
put this bill on its passage, unless some gen-
tleman desires to be heard on it, or an early
day can be fixed for its consideration.
Several Members. Let us act on it now.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. If I understand the
action of the Committee on Territories, it was
that a day should be assigned for the consider-
ation of this bill.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If no one desired
to be heard I was to put it on its passage.
message from the sexate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. McDon-
ald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House that
the Senate had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference upon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses upon the bill (S. No.
26) entitled " An act to encourage telegraphic
communication between the United States and
the island of Cuba and other West India isl-
ands, and the Bahamas.".
Also, that the Senate had passed a bill (H.
R. No. 280) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and for
other purposes, with an amendment, in which
the concurrence of the House was requested.
Also, that the President had approved sun-
dry acts that originated in the Senate.
On motion of Mr. STEVENS, by unanimous
consent, House bill No. 280 was referred to the
Committee on Appropriations.
relief of contractors.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I ask unani-
mous consent to take up from the Speaker's
table Senate bill No. 220, for the relief of cer-
tain contractors for the construction of vessels-
of-war and steam machinery.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask to
have it read. It involves the payment of mil-
lions of dollars for the benefit of contractor's.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I cannot yield for
all that.
admission of colorado again.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Unless some gen-
tleman desires to offer an amendment, or unless
I can have an early day fixed for the consid-
eration of this bill, I shall ask the previous
question.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Will the gentleman
yield for an amendment'?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Certainly.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I desire to strike out
the word "white" where it occurs.
Several Members. It is not in the bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I did not understand
that this was to come up for discussion to-day.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I demand the report-
ing of this bill.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Is it not in order to
move to refer it to the committee?
The SPEAKER. It is if the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Ashley] withdraws his demand tor
the previous question; not otherwise.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I do not with-
draw it.
