1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
4291
committee for the purpose of proceeding to the
immediate consideration of the bill.
Mr. POMEROY. But it cannot be consid-
ered except by unanimous consent.
Mr. NYE. We can pass the bill.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is a very important
bill, and I hope we shall pass it before we
adjourn.
senator from tennessee.
Mr. JOHNSON. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion. I move that Hon. David T. Patterson,
Senator-elect from the State of Tennessee, be
permitted to qualify according to the Consti-
tution and laws.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator-elect will come forward and take the oaths
prescribed by the Constitution and laws.
Mr. Patterson stepped to the desk, and the
prescribed oaths having been administered to
him, he took his seat in the Senate.
enrolled bills signed.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiierson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House had signed the
following enrolled bills; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore:
_A bill (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States;
A bill (S. No. 265) to protect the manufac-
turers of mineral waters in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 791) to supply deficiencies
in the appropriations for the service of the fis-
cal year ending June 30, 1808, and for other
purposes.
fenian meetings.
Mr. WILSON. I report back from the Com-
mittee ou Military Affairs and the Militia House
joint resolution No. 208, and I ask for its pres-
ent consideration.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
(H. R. No. 208) in relation to the use of the
Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans' Fair building
in Washington was considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
The resolution was read.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I move to lay the resolu-
tion on the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. CRESWELL. There is a preamble to
the resolution reciting certain facts of which I
am entirely ignorant. I ask if any gentleman
here can certifv that they are correctly recited.
Mr. CONNESS. It is all right.
Mr. CRESWELL. That is satisfactory.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that the resolution
be read for information. I happened to bo out
for a moment and do not know what it is.
The Secretary read the resolution, as follows:
Whereas this House has been informed that cer-
tain peaceable and law-abiding citizens, while as-
sembled at and ivithin the building recently erccted
in this city for the benefit of orphans of deceased sol-
diers and sailors of the United States, situate on the
corner of Seventh street and Pennsylvania avenue,
have been illegally and improperly dispersed by the
mayor of this city for the alleged reason that they
belonged to a h'enian organisation, and thus pre-
vented from exercising their rights and privileges as
citizens of the United States: Therefore,
Be it resolved by the Senate and House of Representa-
tives of the United Slate? of America in C'onrtre^sassem-
bled, That said citizens are hereby authorized, when-
ever permitted so to do by the bpeaker of this House
or the President of the Senate, to use and to occupy
said building for the purpose of holding public meet-
ings for every proper Dnd lawful purpose, and par-
ticularly in reference to the liberation of Ireland.
Mr. JOHNSON. This seems to me to be a
singular resolution. It proposes to appropriate
a public building of the Government for the
meetings and discussions of those who are
called Fenians, whose avowed purpose it is to
make war upon England. You might as well
give them the use of this Capitol for the same
purpose. I think England will have good rea-
son to complain of such conduct. Whether she
acted toward us during our domestic troubles
in a spirit consistent with absolute neutrality is
one question. Whether, if she did not, we arc
thereby justified in acting toward her in a like
spirit is a question which, in my'judgmewt,
touches our national honor. I do not think
that in the career of the United States their
name has ever attained a higher eminence in
the estimation of the world than because of the
recent steps taken by the Executive to prevent
outrages ujson the possessions of England, out-
rages prohibited by laws-coeval almost with the
Government, emanating in the patriotic fore-
sight of Washington, draughted by Hamilton,
and afterward continued in 181-8—laws which
have eminently contributed to preserve the
peace and maintain the true honor of the Uni-
ted States.
The only just influence which we can have
upon the other nations of the world is in the
example of our own free institutions, the moral
influence consequent upon those institutions,
the persuasive influence with which they ap-
peal to the approval of mankind. But such
influence will be very materially impaired, in-
stead of promoted, if we suffer within our
territorial limits any assemblage of men for
the purpose of warring against a nation with
which we are at peace, and a nation which now
acknowledges, as we have recently seen, not
only through the ministry which have justgone
out of power, but through the ministry which
have just been inducted into power, their ad-
miration of the conduct of the United States;
and an admiration expressed in such terms as
satisfies mo that the time is near approaching,
if it is not now at hand, when England will
wake up to her own default, if she was guilty
of a default, as we think she was, in preserving
her neutrality, and repair all the damages con-
sequent upon that default.
The whole European world is now in a state
of convulsion. When it is to end, how far it
is to extend, we are unable now to tell; but in
mj'judgment it is the true interest of the Uni-
ted States, bccause it is connected with the
true honor of the United States, that we should
abstain from doing or suffering to be done any
act which shows that we are willing in any way
to participate in the struggles. We have hap-
pily emerged from one of our own, not only
unharmed in physical and moral strength, but
(greatly to our happiness and good name)
with both much enhanced; and here let us
firmly stand. Those citizens who come from
other nations to seek protection and happiness
under our flag, owe it to duty, to the Govern-
ment that has received and protected them,
that they take no step inconsistent with the
laws of the United States. Change the laws,
if you think proper, but as long as they remain
they should and will be vindicated by the whole
power of the United States. What that power
is the past four years have exhibited to an aston-
ished world.
Our fearful strife is ended, and now our first
and paramount duty, instead of pursuing a
course which may involve us in difficulties with
foreign nations, is to heal our own disorders,
to conquer as rapidly as we can the prejudices
which have arisen out of them, and to make
ourselves what we were under the Administra-
tion of Washington and for many years after-
ward, brothers. A sacred duty this is, a duty
which, fully performed, will challenge the ad-
miration of the civilized world. Let us satisfy
mankind that the peace of other nations shall
not be endangered by any acts contrary to the
obligations that our citizens owe to our Con-
stitution and laws.
The language of the resolution before the
Senate is that those who think proper, those
who suppose—whether correctly or not, in my
judgment, is immaterial—that they have suf-
fered wrongs in their persons or in the persons
of their ancestors which they ought to redress
or avenge, may use a public building of ours to
assemble in to inaugurate or advise such pro-
ceedings as they may think proper, looking to
the attainment of that object. To authorize this
by congressional action is to say to the world
thathere, within the limits of the UnitedStates,
our laws are not considered as obligatory. Eng-
land, with all her faults—and nobody is more
persuaded than I am that prior to the war of
1812 and after its termination, and recently
during our domestic troubles, she has commit-
ted faults—England is the only constitutional
Government now upon the face of the habit-
able globe, except our own, where personal
liberty and'personal rights are maintained. I
would regard, therefore, with great distrust,
under any circumstances, any effort to revolu-
tionize a Government of that description ; but
I would especially regret that we, Senators of
the United States, sworn to support our Con-
stitution and the laws which have been passed
in pursuance of it, should encourage assem-
blages of people, whether native or alien,
whose avowed object is to violate the very laws-
whieh we are sworn to support.
Politicians who suppose or act as if they sup-
posed that mere party is patriotism, who think
or seem to think that temporary success is
permanent fame, may lend themselves to en-
courage lawless proceedings, and may be found
professing friendship for and alluring ou an
impulsive class who, smarting under the injus-
tice they honestly believe has been done them
and their ancestors in their native land, are
tempted to violate our laws or disregard our
national duty in order to obtain voters at a
coming election; but such motives cannot, for
they should not, influence statesmen. It is their
almost sacrcd province to maintain against all
sinister or misleading appliances the Constitu-
tion and laws of their country inviolate, to
frown on all efforts in disregard of either, to
prevent them, if that can be done, and enforce
the laws, if that becomes necessary.
Honor is as essehtial to a nation as to an in-
dividual. Lost to either, the immediate result
is charactcr impaired) and if not soon vindicated
and redeemed the consequence sooner or later
is ruin.
Mr. NYE. I am a little at a loss to know
why this resolution has aroused the ire of the
distinguished Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
JoBvsoN.] It is simply a question whether
citizens of this country shall have the right to
assemble together for peaceful purposes within
the boundaries of the capital of this nation.
In the discassion of that question the distin-
guished Senator has seen fit to inform us what
England is going to do in the future in regard
to the wrongs she has done us in the past. I
believe that the time of the Senate could not
be better occupied in the few hours that remain
than by taking up the House bill to amend the
neutrality laws and passing it here. It presents,
in all its features, just such a law as England
has in regard to us. I am at a loss to know
from what facts, past or present, the distin-
guished Senator draws the conclusion that
England will be magnanimous and do unto us
what she ought to do for the wrongs she has
inflicted upon us. Ho must remember, I
remember vividly, that not long ago at St.
Albans, in Vermont, outrages were perpe-
trated by armed men who found protection
under the British flag, and that British author-
ities refused to surrender them to us for pun-
ishment for the wrongs they had done. I re-
member that under the protection of the British
Government, but a few months since, conspira-
tors against the life of this nation plotted all
manner of outrages upon our people, even to
poisoning at the fountain the water wc drink.
When the English Government and the English
laws were appealed to we obtained no redress.
Sir, in this matter the policy pursued by the
mayor of this city is not the policy which has
been pursued by this Government in regard
to any nationality, and especially in regard to
the struggles of the South American republics.
Instead of the Senator from Maryland having
any sympathy for the- downtrodden Irish, his
sympathy all goes out toward the strong, the
defiant, I had almost said the impudent, spirit
that England has manifested toward us. Sir,
I sympathize with any people, white or black,
that are struggling for freedom. The example
of this country, its institutions, its attractive
beauties, have almost depopulated Ireland;
and her people, coming here and breathing the
