1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3333
States, and without legal authority, the port of Buf-
falo has been virtually closed, and communication
by public conveyance and telegraph has been inter-
fered with. The petition prays that a committee may
foe sent to Buffalo to investigate the matter and
recommend action to Congress.
Also, the petition of Jesse Willard, and othois, cit-
izens of Clinton, Xew York, praying a postponement
of the tax on State hank circulation.
By Mr. IIUBBAIID, of Ncw York: The petition
ofB. F. Iteef'ord, andt'O others, citizens of the county
of Chenango, praying Congress to repeal or modify the
recent act by which a tax is to be imposed upon any
bank that shall pay out the notes of any State bank or
baulis, on all they shall pay out, on and after the 1st
day of July next; setting forth also that such tax
will have the effect to retire from circulation imme-
diately about nineteen million dollars of currency in
the State of New York alone, thereby tending to
produce great pecuniary embarrassment and distress
among all the industrial classes of people.
By Mr. KELSO : The memorial of Brevet Major
General John B. Sanborn, in favor of those soldiers
of southwest Missouri who furnished their private
horses in the campnign of 1864.
By Mr. MERCUIt: The petition of 5-1 citizens of
Espy, Columbia county, Pennsylvania, asking that
the tariff laws may be so amended as to protect the
labor of American citizens.
Bv Mr. KICK, of Maine: The petition of J. E. Ilil-
gard, and 31 others, for a public park fur the cities of
Washington and Ueoi get own.
By Mr. TROWiHiIT)(JrE: The petition of Thomas
F. Smith, of Knoxville, Tennessee, asking for the al-
lowance of a pension in consideration of the loss of
his sight in the military service of the United States
as a wagoner in the quartermaster's department.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 22, 18G6.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. II. Okay.
On motion of Mr. POMEROY, and by
unanimous consent, the reading of the Jour-
nal of yesterday was dispensed with.
l'KTITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. CLARK presented the petition and
other papers of E. .J. (Jut-lev, praying lor (he
allowance of payment for forty thousand bush-
els of corn alleged to have been furnished by
him for the use of the Army ; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. .SHERMAN presented a memorial of
the Cleveland and Toledo Raiboad Company,
praying that they may be allowed to construct
a biitlge over and upon the Government piers
for the passage of cars across the Cuyahoga
river at the city of Cleveland, Ohio; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
RHt'ORTS OF COMMITTKKS.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Committee on Ag-
riculture, to whom was referred the annual
report of the Commissioner of Agriculture for
18G5, have, directed me to report in favor of
printing the usual number of copies, and also
the usual lesoiution providing for printing ten
thousand extra copies. I move that the usual
number of copies be printed and that the reso-
lution to prim extra copies be referred to the
Committee on Printing
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CLARK. The Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred the petition of Joseph
Opocenzky, and thirteen others, Moravians, of
Williams's Prairie. Austin county, in ihe State
of Texas, praying for aid to erect a new Evan-
gelical Moravian church and parsonage in that
locality, have directed me to report that the
prayer of the petition should not be granted.
There is no authority for making an allowance
of that kind.
The same committee, to whom was referred
the petition of John C. Jacobi, chaplain at
Iialorama Hospital, praying for compensation
for the destruction of his library and other per-
sonal property by lire at that hospital on the
24th of December, 1865, have instiueted me to
report adversely thereon. The Government
cannot be considered the insurers of the prop-
erty of persons in their employ.
Mr. ANTHOXY. from the Committee on
Claims, to whom was referred the petition of
R. L. MeElrec, praying for compensation for
the alleged destruction of his property by fire,
by order of the military authorities at Padueah,
Kentucky, in March, 1KG-1, reported adversely
thereon.
Mr. HOWE, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a petition of citizens of
the county of Somerset, Maryland, praying for
an examination into the order of General Lock-
wood, who, while in command of the Eastern
Shore of that State, caused to be levied certain
sums of money for the building of a meeting-
house accidentally or designedly destroyed by
lire, asked to be discharged from its further '
consideration, and that it be referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia;
which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (II. R. No. 421) for the re-
lief of James G. Holland, late acting assistant
paymaster United States Navy, reported it
without amendment.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 am instructed by a ma-
jority of the Committee on Commerce, to whom
was referred the bill (H. R. No. fi'i7) to pro-
mote the construction of a line of railroads be-
tween the cify of Washington and the North-
west for national purposes, to report the same
back to the Senate with the expression of the
opinion oi that majority that the bill ought not
to pass.
1 feel it to be my duty to say in this connection
that the action of flu; majority of the committee
in this recommendation proceeds upon the idea
that Congress has not. the constitutional power
to enact, the law which the bill proposes; that is
to say, that Congress has not the constitutional
power in any case to authorize the construc-
tion of a road or railroad within any State,
although for the purposes of commerce or war
or the Post Office, without the consent of such
State.
As I am one of the minority of (lie commit-
tee, and as my views are exactly opposed to
those of the majority, t think it my duty to say
that I entirely lion-conem In the principle upon
which the majority of the committee proceed.
1 think the constitutional law is clear, that we
have authority to pass bills of this description
in cases in which the public good absolutely
requires it. Of course, it is the exercise of a
high power, one which ought not to be exer-
cised except in cases where some national
emergency clearly requires it, for the sake of
cultivating local harmony and good will; but
when such an event does occur, then 1 think
the welfare and the prosperity and the har-
mony of the States requires that Congress
should exercise such a power. 1 think that
the power to "regulate commerce," which is
given by the Constitution to Congiess, and
the power ''to establish post offices and post
roads,'' as well as the power '"to raise and
support armies," clearly cover the exercise of
such a function as this ; and 1 think the history
of the Confederation and of the reformation of
the present Constitution, and the proceedings
which took place in respect to these clauses of
the Constitution, most clearly demonstrate that
it was for such purposes and with a view to the
exercise, of such powers that these clauses in
the present, Constitution that 1 have named
were inserted; and that the great and wise
men who made these changes, on account of
the difficulties and disputes into which the
States were getting by their local regulations
at that time, foresaw thai in the great expan-
sion of trade and of the territory of this coun-
try, such, a general power, for the general har-
mony, tor free intercourse and intercommu-
nion among the States, it was essential should
be exercised by the national authority for the
national peace and for the national prosperity.
I do not now, of course, desire to go into a
discussion on this subject: but I have thought
it to be fit in behalf of the minority of the com-
mittee and myself to expre-s these opinions.
I am also instructed to report back from the
same committee the bill III. R. No. 5l!Tj to
promote the construction of a line of railroad
from Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, to Cleveland,
Ohio, with the expression of opinion that it
ought not to pass, but in this ease it is the
opinion of the committee that it would be in-
expedient to pass the bill even if we had the
power.
AMBOY AND TRAVERSE BAY RAILROAD.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 2-18) to extend the time for the
reversion to the United States of the lands
granted by Congress to aid in the construction
of a railroad from Ainboy, by Hillsdale and
Lansing, to some point on or near Traverse
bay, in the State, of Michigan, and for the com-
pletion of said road, have had the same under
consideration, and directed me to report it back
with a recommendation that the Senate con-
cur in the amendment of the House of Repre-
sentatives.
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the bill may be put
on its passage at once.
Mr. GRIMES. What is it?
Mr. POMEROY. It is the bill in relation
to the Lansing and Traverse Bay Railroad
Company, iu the State of Michigan. It is to
revive a grant that expired two years ago.
rfhe PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendment of the
House of Representatives.
The amendment was concurred in.
MISSSAdE FROM THH HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the bill (S. No. 1-15) for a grant of lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Northern Kansas railroad and telegraph,
with an amendment, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate.
The message further announced tliat, the
House, of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which the
concurrence of the Senate was requested:
A bill (II. R. No. GO-t) for the relief of Pitcher
& Ifayford, and Otis & Ferguson, of Belfast,
Maine;
A hill (II. R. No. (iO-j) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Wheeler, of Rangor, Maine;
A joint, resolution (H. R. No. lit)) for the
relief' of Isaac Ramsey, internal revenue col-
lector for the eighth district of Ohio; and
A joint, resolution (11. R. No. 170) for the
relief of Caroline A. Uandnll, administratrix
and widow of Chailes 13. Randall, deceased.
JIARINH HOSPITALS.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am instructed by the
Committee on Commerce, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. !!81) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and rcvenue-eutters,'' approved April
20, 1800, to report it back without amendment
and recommend its passage. I ask for imme-
diate action upon it.
_ Mr. POMEROY. Will it lead to any con-
siderable discussion?
Mr. CHANDLER. Not at all.
By unanimous consent, the, bill was consid-
ered in Committee of the Whole. It provides
that the act of April 20, 18(10, shall not be con-
strued to authorize the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to lease or sell any marine hospital where
the relief furnished to sick marines shall show
an extent, of relief equal to twenty cases per
diem, on an average, for the last preceding
four years, or where no other suitable and
sufficient hospital accommodations can be pro-
cured upon reasonable terms for the eomtort
and convenience of the patients.
Mr. GRIMES. The operation of this bill
is merely to restore a proviso which was in the
act of April 20 as it passed the Senate and
passed the House of Representatives, but was
struck out by a clerical error. This will make
the law precisely word for word as it passed
both Houses.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, read the
third lime, and passed.
BILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. WADE asked, andby unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 334)
to incorporate the WTashingtou Land and Build-
