1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
establish a new principle in tlie admission of
States into this Onion, negativing, so far as I
could in the enabling acts, the old idea of
State rights; the other to secure the vote of
three more States, in ease the election of Pres-
ident and Vice President in the year 1864 should
come to the House of Representatives.
At the time those enabling acts were passed
it was not thought expedient by the party to
which I belong to prescribe the qualification of
electors in the constitutions of the States which
were authorized to be organized and admitted
into the Union. The people of Colorado, in the
constitution which they formed in pursuance of
that enabling act, and which constitution they
rejected, prescribed that none but white per-
sons should be electors within the Stale. The
State of Nevada, having accepted the condi-
tions prescribed by Congress, was admitted
into the Union, with a provision in her consti-
tution precisely like the one now objected to in
the constitution of Colorado. At that time the
people of Colorado voted against the propo-
sition to become a State.
But last year the people of Colorado of all
parties called upon the several committees rep-
resenting the State and the anti-State organi-
zations, and also the Democratic organization,
and asked thom to make an independent move
for a State organization. While I was in the
Territory they agreed uj>on a plan for electing
delegates to a constitutional convention. In
pursuance of the joint calls of those commit-
tees elections were held in that Territory, and
a convention assembled which adopted a con-
stitution in strict compliance with the provis-
ions of the enabling act. That constitution
was submitted to the people of Colorado, and
by them adopted.
Mr. FINCK. Will my colleague yield to
me for a question?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Yes, sir.
Mr. FIN CK. I desire to ask my colleague
what was the total number of votes at the elec-
tion to which he refers.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. According to a
pamphlet which I hold in my hand, 7,166 was
the total vote.
Mr. FINCK. Can my colleague advise the
House what is the present population of Colo-
rado?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I had here a state-
ment from the Legislature of Colorado, esti-
mating the present population of the Territory
at fifty thousand.
Mr. FINCK. Can my colleague refer to any
census taken in that Territorv?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir, I cannot.
The total vote at the recent election for Con-
gressman was 7,557. If the gentleman will refer
to the election returns for the eastern or south-
ern iStates, he will find that this is a larger num-
ber of votes than is cast in several of the Rep-
resentative districts in a number of the southern
States. It is a larger vote than that cast in
the State of Delaware or the State of Florida.
Mr. FINCK. Let me ask my colleague
whether the number of voters in the Territories
is not greater in proportion to the population
than in the States.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. As a rule, Mr.
Speaker, that is true of all newly settled Terri-
tories. But Colorado has been a Territory for
some years. I have myself visited the Terri-
tory twice—once three years ago last fall, and
again this year—and I can state that the female
population is largely increasing, as also the
junior population; so that the disparity be-
tween the actual population of a congressional
district in one of the eastern or southern States
and that of Colorado is not so great as my col-
league would have the House suppose.
Mr. CHANLER. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio whether he is not aware that
according to the returns made by the Post
Office Department, which furnish a good test
of population, the number of letters distributed
in that Territory has within the last few years
been largely and constantly decreasing.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, if
the gentleman is at all conversant with the
2373
troubles incident to the Indian depredations
upon the plains, he is aware that last year a
large portion of the population of the Terri-
tory of Colorado left there for the eastern
States and for other Territories of the West,
and that the line of communication was con-
stantly broken, at one time for several weeks,
in consequence of the Indian depredations, so
that the mails for weeks at a time were not car-
ried to all parts of the Territory. Hence the
test which the gentleman seeks to introduce is
not a fair one. I take it, sir, that the voting
population is a better and fairer test; and I
believe that the number of voters at the last
election in that Territory shows a population
equal to that of some districts in the eastern
States that now have Representatives in Con-
gress, and we all know that they have a larger
voting population than many congressional dis-
trict in the southern States.
Mr. ROSS. As the gentleman has visited
that Territory, I ask him to state what, in his
judgment, is the population of that Territory,
leaving out those who are merely temporarily
there for the purpose of mining.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Well, Mr. Speaker,
I«an not able to state, because I was not in the
southern part of the Territory which is inhabited
by the Mexican population. But I was in all
the mining districts, and from the best infor-
mation which I could obtain, I think the popu-
lation was more than forty thousand. But it
is constantly increasing. The population of
Colorado is to-day twice as great as that of the
State of Florida at the time of its admission.
Its population is greater than that of the State
of Arkansas when it was admitted, or the State
of Oregon at the time of its admission.
Mr. FINCK. Let mo suggest to my friend
that when those States were admitted the ratio
of representation was much less than at present.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. That is true. But,
sir, the number of votes is the best test; and
if there are on an average as many voters for
the State ticket or for members of Congress as
are cast in other districts having Represent-
atives, the gentleman should not interpose that
objection. I addition to this, we all know how
much faster the mining States and Territories
increase in population than the agricultural
States. Colorado furnished three regiments
for the war, has furnished a large emigration
to Montana, Idaho, and other mining Terri-
tories, and yet her population is steadily and
surely increasing, and I do not hesitate to pre-
dict that by the census of 1870 she will have a
population of two hundred thousand people.
So far as population is concerned, however,
Congress having proposed to these people to
become a Slate, I think, without violating any
great principle, wo ought to vote for their ad-
mission. I desire also to vote for their admis-
sion because I believe in the principle of organ-
izing State governments at the earliest day prac-
ticable in every one of the Territories.
Mr. ROSS. Is it not objectionable in exclud-
ing negroes from suffrage?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I am compelled
to vote for many propositions objectionable to
me as an individual. I expect to vote for the
report of the committee of fifteen.
Mr. ROSS. Why?
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Because it ignores
the great body of loyal men in the South who
during the rebellion were our friends and fought
to preserve the Union, while it practically leaves
the government of the late rebel States in the
hands of those w-ho attempted to destroy this
nation. I intend to go for it, however, because
I believe it is the best proposition we can get,
and because it reflects the aggregate sentiment
of the country. By passing this bill we but
affirm the principle of that, report. We leave
the question of suffrage to the people of Colo-
rado, and I would rather intrust that question
or any other to the loyal people of Colorado,
who furnished three regiments of as good sol-
diers as ever entered the Union Army, than
to commit the question of enfranchising the
black man to the white electors of the late rebel
States, as we propose to do in the proposition
submitted by the joint committee of fifteen. I
have no doubt that the loyal people of Colo-
rado will enfranchise her blacks long before
the blacks are enfranchised by the spirits who
will control the late rebel States, if the propo-
sition of the committee becomes law.
But I do not want to take up the time of the
House in the discussion of this question, and
therefore demand the previous question.
Mr. CHAVES. I ask to present the follow-
ing amendment:
Sec. 3. And be itfUrt.kcr enacted, Tliat said State of
Colorado shall consist of all the territory included
within the following boundaries, to wit: eommerxcmj?
at a point formed by the intersection of the thirty-
eighth degree of north, latitude with the twenty-fifth
degree of longitude west from Washington; extend-
ing thence due west along said thirty-eighth degree
of north latitude to a point formed by itsintersection
with the thirts'-second degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence due north along said thirty-
second degree of west longitude to a point formed by
its intersection with the forty-first degree of north
latitude; thonce due east along said forty-first degree
ofnorth latitude to apointformed by its intersection
with the twenty-fifth degree of longitude west from
Washington; thence due south along said twenty-
fifth degree of west longitude.
Mr. ASHLEY, _of Ohio. I cannot yield for
tliat amendment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman to yield to the following amendment:
Provided, That this act shall not take effcct until
the said Stato of Colorado shall so amend the consti-
tution thereof as to strike out the word " white" as a
qualification of voting.
Mr. ASHLEY, of OLio. I will let tliat
amendment in and then call for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 3*7, nays 95, not voting
51; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baldwin,
Baxter, Blaine, Boutwell, Brandegee, Broomall,
Dixon, Donnelly, Eliot. Garfield. Grinnell. Hotchkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Jenckes, Julian, Kasson, Kel-
Jey, Kelso, Loan, Lynch, McClurg, McRuer, Morrill,
Paine, Perham, Pike, Alexander Ii. Rico, John H.
Rice, StevenSj .Elihu B. Wasbburne, Williams, Jaraes
F. Wilson, Wmdom, and Woodbridgc—-37.
NAYS—Messrs. Ancona, Anderson, Delos R. Ash-
Icy, James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, Barker, Bea-
man, Benjamin, Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow,
Boyor, Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Chnnlcr, Reader
W. Clarke. CofFroth, Conkling, Cullom, Darling, Daw-
son, Dcfrces, Delano, Deming, Denison, Driggs, Du-
mont, Eckley, Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck,
Clossbrcnncr, Gridcr, Griswold, Aaron Harding, Ab-
ner 0. Harding, Harris, Hart, Henderson, Holmes,
Chester D. Hubbard, James R. Ilubbell, James
Humphrey, Ingersoll, Ketcham, Kuykendall, Laflin,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Le
Blond, Longyear, Marshall, Marston, McCullough,
Mercur, Miller, Moorhead, Moulton, Myers, Newell,
O'Neill, Orth, Patterson, Plants, Raymond, Ritter,
Rollins, Ross. Rousseau, Sawyer,Schenek, Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Smith, Spalding, Strouse, Taylor, Fran-
cis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge,
Upson, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Warner,
Henry D. Washburn, Welker, Whaley, Winfield, and
Wright—95.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Cook
Culver, Davis, Dawes, Dodge, Bggleston, Farnsworth,
Goodyear, Hale, Hayes, Higby, Hill,nogan, Hooper,
Dcmas Ilubbard. John H. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, Hulburd, James M. Humphrey, Johnson. Jones,
Kerr, Marvin, Mclndoe, McKce, Morris, Niblaek,
Nicholson, Noell, Phelps-, Pomeroy, Price, Radford,
Samuel J.-Randall, William H. Randall, Rogers,
Soofield, Sitgrcaves. Sloan, Starr, Stilwell, Taber,
Thayer, Trimble, Van Acrnam, Ward, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth, and Stephen F. Wilson—51.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. LB BLOND demanded the yeas and
nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken j and it was decided
in tlie affirmative—yeas 81, nays 57, not voting
45—as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ames, Anderson, Delos R.Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Banks, jBarker,Beaman,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, §fandcgee,
Bromwell, Buckland, Bundy, Reader W« Clarke*
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Ciillom, Defrer«r
Deming, Dixon. Dodge, Donnelly, Driggs, Duraont*
Eckley, Farqnhar, Ferry, Garfield, Grmnell, Ahnwr
C. Harding, Hart, Henderson, Holmes, Hotehkiss,
Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, James R„
Ilubbell, Ingersoll, Jenckes, Kasson, Kelso, Ketch-
