1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
MIS
mittee was raised, for I knew as a necessity that
men who would desire to produce a particular
impression would seek to be heard by the com-
mittee. I cannot believe and I do not believe
that honorable Senators would select witnesses
with a view to producing a particular impression
on the public mind, but that men who have a
purpose not consistent with the good, the pros-
perity, and the greatness of the country will
seek to bo heard by such a committee cannot
be questioned, and although I shall not think
that by the testimony the committee may be
able to get after the most careful and faithful
search into facts, the condition of the country
will be truly represented, yet as I believe that
committee will labor to do its best, I shall vote for
this reasonable publicat ion of its investigations.
My judgment is not going to be controlled in
voting 011 the admission of these States by what
facts the committee shall find. I believe I under-
stand what is the condition of the country. I
have tried to do so; I have tried honestly to do so,
not by what one man says to me, but I judge
from what the people have done. The President
proposed terms that many in the South thought
were humiliating to them, but they have ac-
cepted them, they have reorganized or reformed
their State governments and ask admission,
and upon their conduct through their officials
I am willing to accept them.
Right here 1 wish to correct one error. In
the course of the debates it is over and over
again asked, shall wc admit rebels into the Sen-
ate, shall wc admit men to the Senate whoso
garments are dripping with the blood of north-
ern soldiers? That is not the question. It is
not proposed here, nor lias it been proposed
during this session, to repeal the law requiring
an oath of him who presents himself as a Sen-
ator of a State that he has had no voluntary
connection with the rebellion. That stands as
the law and the rule of the Senate, that he who
comes here and asks admission as a Senator
must take an oath that he lias had no voluntary
connection with the rebellion ; he must show
by his oath that he has been loyal throughout
the whole unfortunate controversy^ '1 hen the
question is not whether rebels, guilty parties,
shall be admitted to the deliberations ot the
Senate,, but whether loval men, men who can
take the oath, shall be admitted; and when a
man coming here entirely free from the rebel-
lion, having had no connection wilh_ it either
in its political or in its military organization
when such a man comes'here representing a
State of the Union under the Constitution, and
asks admission, I will not turn to the evidence
that the committee shall have taken. But al-
though that will not guide my judgment, and I
shall be guided by the evidence the country has
now before it in such a public manner that it
cannot be misunderstood, and by the law upon
the subject, still 1 think it proper that the evi-
dence taken by the committee sha1! go to the
country.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. 1 he ques-
tion is on the amendment reported by the^com-
mittee to strike out '"ten thousand" and insert
'■ six thousand."
The amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—aves 12, noes 18.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the resolution.
Mr. McDO UU ALL. Before casting my vote
I desire to say that there was a committee of
somewhat similar character, the committee on
the conduct of the war. I had occasion to be
invited to go before that committee because
it was assumed by the persons of that commit-
tee—not Senators, but members of the other
House—that I would deliver adjudgment against
gentlemen 111 the service connected v. ]th the
Army, because they were hostile to me in poli-
tics They wanted to hear me say that I thought
thus; and thev asked me what my opinion was.
I asked " for what?" "We thimc you thmk
so; we want you before the committee on
the conduct of the war." "ell," said I. • if
I go before that committee I will render my
best judgment." Those persons tnought 1
would express a conclusion of hostility, anu.
they did not want my testimony. Thus it is
with these committees. I vote for the publi-
cation of these things; at the same time I do
not believe that they reveal the truth.
The resolution was agreed to.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution (H. R. No. 62) to pro-
vide for the expenses attending the exhibition
of the products of the industry of the United
States at the Exposition in Paris in 1867, was
read twice by its title, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations.
PROTECTION OE CIVIL RIGHTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I now move to postpone
the other orders, and proceed to the considera-
tion of Senate bill No. 01, which has been re-
turned from the House of Representatives with
amendments.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
proceeded to consider the amendments of the
House of Representatives to the bill (S. No.
61) to protect all persons in the United States
in their civil rights and furnish the means of
their vindication.
Mr. TRUMBULL. These amendments were
referred to the Committee on the Judiciary, and
the committee have recommended that the Sen-
ate concur in the amendments of the House of
Representatives. 1 suppose the question is on
concurring in those amendments.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pro-
posed amendments will be read.
Tbc Secretary read the first amendment, which
was in section one, line five, after the words
" United States," to strike out—
Without distinction of color, and there shall bo no
discrimination in civ il rights or immunities among
the inhabitants of any State or Territory of the Uni-
ted States on account of race, co!oi, oi previous con-
dition of slavery: but the inhabitants.
And in lieu thereof to insert " and such citi-
zens;" so as to make the section read:
That all persons born in the United States and not
subject to any foreign Power, excluding Indians not
taxed, arc hcrebvdeclared to becitizcnsot the United
Slate!.; and such citizens ol'every race and color, with-
out regard to any previous condition of slaveryor in-
voluntary servitude, cxcept as a. punishment for crima
whereof tile party shall have been duly convicted,
shall have tho same light, Ac.
The PRES1 DENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will bo on concurring in this amendment
of the House of Representatives.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 presume the pending
question will boon eoncurringin all the amend-
ments ol' the House of Representatives. That
is the report of the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
so, but the question will be taken on tho amend-
ments separately. The Senate may concur in
some and non-concur in others.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is one report, and the
question is on concurring in the amendments
made by the House of Representatives. I appre-
hend, unless some Senator calls for a division.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion may be taken on all the amendments col-
lectively unless there be a call for a division.
Mr. DAVIS. I have two amendments to
offer to the amendments of the House, and I
therefore desire that they may be considered
separately.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Senator
from Kentucky asks that the question be taken
on the amendments separately. The first amend-
ment made by the House of Representatives to
this bill has been read, and the question is. Will
tho Senate concur iu the amendment of the
House ?
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment of the House of Rep-
resentatives was in section one, line thirteen,
after the word "right," to insert the words
11 in every State and Territory in the United
States;" so that the clause will read:
And such citizens of every race and color, without
regard to any previous condition of :■1 a.very or invol-
untary servitude, except as a punisii'nent lor crime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted,
>-hali lijivc the same right in every -■'and Terri-
tory in the United States to make and enforce con-
tracts, to sue, be parties andgivc evidcnoo.to inherit,
purchase, lease, soil, hold, and convey real imd per-
sonal property, and to full and enna« benefit ot all
laws and proceedings for the security of person and
property.
The amendment was concurred in.
Thi5 next amendment was in section one, line
seventeen, after the word " property," to in-
sert the words "as is enjoyed by white citi-
zens." , .
Mr. VAN WINKLE. There seems to be ail
incongruity in this language to which I wish to
call the attention of the chairman of the com-
mittee. The clause commences with the words
"and such citizens." As I understand those
words they include all persons who are or can
be citizens, white persons and all others. The
clause then goes on to provide that "suchciti-
zens of every race and color, without regard to
any previous condition of slavery or involuntary
servitude, shall have the same right to make
and enforce contracts," &c., "as is enjoyed by
white citizens." It seems to me these words
are superfluous. The idea is that the rights of
all persons shall be equal; and I think tha
clause, leaving out these words, would attain
the object. This is merely a verbal criticism.
I think the bill is incongruous in expression as
it stands.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I quite agree with the
Senator from West Virginia that these words
are superfluous. I do not think they alter the
bill. I think the bill would be better without
them, but they have been adopted by the House
of Representatives. We did not think they
altered tho meaning of the bill; and we did not
think it worth while to send the bill back jusfc
because these words were inserted by the House.
They thought there was some importance in
them and have inserted thoni; and as in. ilie
opinion of the committee which examined this
matter they did not alter the meaning of tho
bill, tho committee thought proper to recom-
mend a concurrence, and. I hope the Senate
will concur in it.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Tt is a mere verbal
correction that I suggested, and lam not at all
strenuous about it; nor perhaps should I have
made it had 1 been aware that, the attention of
the committee had been called to R.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section three,
line twelve, after the woid "person" to insert
tho words "for any cause whatsoeverso that
the clause will read:
And if anybuit or prosecution, civil or criminal,
has been or shall he commenced in any State court
against any such person tor any cause whatsoever,
or against any officer, civil or mditaiy, or other per-
son, for any arrest or imprisonment, trespasses or
wrongs done or committed by virtue or under color
of authority derived from this act or the act to en-
large the powers of the I'reedmcn's Bureau, &e.
Mr. McDOUGALL. On that amendment
I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUClvALEW. 1 do not sec that those
words mean anything at all. it seems to me
they leave the text as it stood originally, and
1 do not know why we should be called upon
to vote upon them.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not think there is
any importance in them myself, but the House
has inserted them.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas ill, nays 7; as "follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Chandler, Clark. Coriness, Cragin,
Crehwell,Doolittlc,"Kessfciiden,l''ostei,Grimes,Harris,
Howe, liiikwood, tjanc of Indiana. Lane of Kansas,
Morgan. Morrill, Noi ton, Nye, Pom eroy. Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart. Sumner. Irumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Y|{AYS—Messrs. Buekalcw, Davis, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks. MeDnuerall.Saulsbury, and Stockton—,.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Anthony, "rown,Cowan, D:ixon,
Foot, Henderson, Howard, Joonson, Jiesniith, 1.0-
land. Riddle, and Wright-12.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was'in section three,
lines fifteen and sixteen, to strike out the words
"to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau" and to insert:
Establishing a Bureau for the Relief of Frccdmen
and Refugees, and all acts amendatory thereof, or for
refusing to do an; act upon the ground that it would
be inconsistent with this act.
The amendment was concurred in.
