1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
the samef< further proceedings shall bo suspended until
the final judgment of such matter.
I offer this amendment upon the idea that the
powers to be executed by this bureau are plainly
and simply judicial powers. They are nothing-
else. They are the decisions of suits between
different parties. If T be right in this opinion,
as I feel assured that I am, it will present this
state of case: that in every question arising and
decided under this act there will be no remedy
whatever by a supervisory tribunal. The hon-
orable chairman of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary disclaims that there is any judicial power
vested in these officers. I shall test that point
with the honorable Senator either now or when
the bill shall come into the Senate. I shall pro-
pose to add an amendment in the form of a pro-
viso declaring that neither the Commissioner nor
the assistant commissioners, nor the agents ofthe
bureau, shall exercise any judicial power what-
ever under the bill. If a provision of that kind
were added I would not offer this section.
Mr. TllUMBULL. The Senator misunder-
stood me if he understood me to say that no
judicial power was conferred by this bill. I did
not intend to say that.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the amendment
now pending for the present, for the purpose of
offering the one which I have just suggested, to
come in as a proviso to section eight:
Provided, That neither tlie Commissioner, assistant
commissioners, agents, or any officer under this bill,
shall exercise anyjudicial power whatever.
I ask for the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment.
Several Senators. Oh, no; take them in
the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays for the purpose of saving time; but I
shall offer the amendment again in the Senate,
and ask for the yeas and nays upon it then.
The amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 desire to move an exec-
utive session; T suppose it is not expected that
we can finish this bill this evening.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Will the Senator allow
me before I forget it to insert a couple of words
to which I presume there will be no objection,
before a vote is taken on the amendments made
in committee?
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ Perhaps the
Senator will indulge the Chair in taking the j
Tote on the question of concurring in the amend- ]
ments made as in Committee of the Whole. j
Mr. TRUMBLTLL. Before that is done, I :
wish to amend one of the amendments made in j
committee.
Mr. CLAUK. IsuggesttotheChairtliatthe '
Senator from Kentucky, and some other Sena-
tors. propose to amend those amendments be-
fore they are concurred in. j
Mr. SUMNER. There is one of the amend- !
ments to which I wish to move an amendment
in the Senate. i
Mr. TRUMBULL. In the fifth line of the :
fourth section, as amended in committee, after
the word " Mississippi." T move to insert the
words "Alabama. Louisiana,1' so that it will
read, "unoccupied public lands in Florida.
Mississippi. Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkan-
sas.'' The effect of the amendment is simply
this : the fourth section, as amended, provides
for reserving public lands for the benefit of
freedmen and refugees in the States of Florida,
Mississippi, and Aikansas, and I propose to add
Alabama and Louisiana, having ascertained
since the amendment was offered in Commit-
tee ofthe Whole that there are public lands in
Alabama and Louisiana as well as the other
States named.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
EXEOUTITF. SESSION.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of executive
busine.-s.
The motion was agreed to ; and after some
time spent in executive session, the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES. <
Mo.nday, January '22, 1860.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of Friday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER announced as the first busi-
ness in order the calling of States for the in-
troduction of bills and joint resolutions for
reference to committees, not to be brought back
by a motion to reconsider.
DEFENSE 01? SOUTHEASTERN FRONTIER.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, introduced a bill to
provide for the defense of the northeastern
frontier; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on For-
eign Affairs.
SUFFRAGE IX TUB DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA.
Mr. JENCKES introduced a bill to regulate
suffrage and elections in the District of Colum-
bia ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
COUNTERFEIT UNITED STATES CURRENCY.
Mr. DEMING introduced a bill to prevent
the passing of counterfeit Ufiited States cur-
rency; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
REGISTRY OF VESSELS.
Mr. J. M. HUMPHREY introduced a bill
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
American registers to certain vessels; which
was read a.first and second time, and refeired
to the Committee on Commerce.
APPOINTMENT OF HEAR ADMIRAL, ETC.
Mr. RICE, ofMassaehusetts. introduced a bill
to further regulate the appointment of rear
admiral, and for the appointment of certain
volunteer officers to the regular Navy; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Naval Affairs.
NAVAL DEPOT ON DELAWARE RIVER.
Mr. EROOMALL introduced a bill for the
establishment of a navy-yard and naval depot
on the Delaware river in Pennsylvania; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on N;«al Affairs.
soldiers of the war of 1812.
Mr. MILLER introduced a bill gianting pen-
sions to soldiers ofthe war of 1812 with Great
Britain ; which was read a first and second time.
Mr. MILLER. I move the reference of the
bill to a select committee of three.
Mr. WASHBURNE. of Illinois. I very much
dislike to object to an) thing that my friend from
Pennsylvania I Mr Mi 1.1, Kit J desires ; but 1 would
like to know the particular reason why this bill
should not go to the appropriate standing com-
mittee.
The SPEAKER. The subject cannot be de-
bated under this call. It is in order to move
the reference of the bill tu the Committee on
Invalid Pensions.
Mr. WASJIBUUXE, of Illinois. In order
to te.-t the sense ofthe House, 1 make that mo-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. If it be in order, I should
like to ask of the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions whv they have not yet reported (lie hill
winch I offered before the holidays, allowing
employes of the Government to receive their
pen-dons.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order now.
The motion to refer the bill to the Committee
011 Ln'alid Pensions was agreed to.
Mr. MILLER. I move that the bill be or-
dered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
iioe.vriES.
Mr. MILLER al-o introduced a bill granting
bounty to volunteers who entered the Army of
the United Slates in the years 1>;01 and 1m>2,
for Ihe purpose of putting down lie' rebellion :
which was read a first and .second time, referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs, and or-
dered to be pi silted.
SOTSKAG13 IN THE DISTRICT OS COLOMBIA;
Mr. MYERS introduced a bill to rfegulafce"
suffrage in the District of Columbia ; which was
read a first and second time, and referred to the
Committee for the District of Columbia.
MARTHA M'COOK.
Mr. BINGHAM introduced a joint resolution
for the relief of Martha McCook; which was read
a first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions.
EMPLOYES IN EXECUTIVE MANSION.
Mr. SPALDING introduced a bill to author-
ize the President to appoint certain officers of
his household and fixing their salaries ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Appropriations.
OATH OF OFFICE.
Mr. FINCK introduced a bill to prescribe the
oath of office; which was read a first and second
time, referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary, and ordered to be printed.
VIRGINIA LAND WARRANTS.
Mr. CLARKE, of Ohio, introduced a bill
allowing the further time of five years to those
owning land warrants issued by the State of
Virginia to her officers and soldiers of the Vir-
ginia line on continental establishment to enter
and survey the same; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands.
AMENDMENT OF THE CONSTITUTION.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio, introduced a joint
resolution proposing an amendment to the Con-
stitution ofthe United States; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
MESSMJF. FROM Till'! SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Fouxuy, its Secretary, notifying the House
that that body had passed the following bills
and joint resolution, in which lie was directed
to ask the concurrence of the House :
A bill (S. No. G9J to provide for the payment
of pensions;
Joint resolution (S. No. 20) extending the
time for the completion of the Burlington and
Missouri River railroad;
A bill (S. No. 80) granting the franking privi-
lege to Mary Lincoln ; and
A bill (H". R. No. 30) making appropriations
for the payment of invalid and other pensions of
the United States for the year ending 30th June,
1807, with amendments.
JUDICIAL SYSTEM OF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. EGGLESTON introduced a bill to amend
the judicial system of the United States; which
was'read a first and sccoud time, and referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
j. and 0. p. com: and CO.
Mr. FARQUIIAR introduced a joint resolu-
tion fui the adjustment of the claim of J. & 0.
P. Cobb & Co., of Indiana ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Claims.
BOUNTY LAND.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced an act
granting bounty land to officers and soldiers of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs.
UNANIMOUS CONSENT.
Mr. WASI1BURNE, of Illinois, was, by
unanimous consent, allowed the privilege here-
after to submit bills which he had in his corn-
mittee-room.
ADDITION U. ILLINOIS l'OST ROUTE.
Mr. COOK introduced a bill to establish a
post route from Gardner to Tonica, in the State
of Illinois: which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee 011 the Post
Office and Post itoads.
CALV'V! OUT N-ViiONAT. FORCES.
Mr. BLOW introduced a bill to define the
meaning of the first section of the act entitled
