3334
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ing Company of the District of Columbia; which
was read twice by its title, referred to the Com-
mittee on the District of Columbia, and ordered
to be printed.
Mr. HA-RRIS asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
385) for the relief of Thomas W. Stevens;
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. TRUMBULL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 386) to enlarge the public grounds sur-
rounding the Capitol; which was read twice
by its title.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As this bill has already
been considered by the Committee on Public
Buildings and Grounds, I move that it be
printed and placed on the Calendar.
The motion was agreed to.
POST ROUTE BILL.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to take up
Senate bill No. 285, granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad and
its extension to the Red river.
The motion was agreed to.
_Mr. RAMSEY. I hope the Senator from
Missouri will allow me to call up the post
route bill. It can be disposed of in three min-
utes. It was interrupted on its passage yes-
terday by the Senator from Michigan, but he
finds on examination that it accomplishes what
he desired. I suggest, therefore, that the Sen-
ator from Missouri allow this bill to lie over
informally for two or three minutes until we
pass the post route bill. It is important that
it be passed early and sent to the House of
Representatives.
Mr. HENDERSON. I have no objection
if it will take only three minutes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the bill before the Senate is
laid aside, and the Senator from Minnesota
moves to take up Senate bill No. 369.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
• resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
3G9) to establish certain post roads.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
KANSAS AND NEOSHO VALLEY RAILROAD.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
285) granting land? to the State of Kansas to
aid in the construction of the Kansas and Neo-
sho Valley railroad, and its extension to Red
river, the pending question being on the amend-
ment reported by the Committee on Public
Lands to the eleventh section of the bill, as
amended.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not wish to dis-
cuss it, but simply to call the attention of the
Senate to the question. The eleventh section
of the bill is the one that proposes to extend
this and other roads down through the Indian
country south of the southern boundary of Kan-
sas. My proposition was to strike out the entire
eleventh section.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. That motion
will be in order after the section shall have been
perfected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Very well. Perhaps
the amendment may just as well be adopted
now, and then I shall move to strike out the
whole section, which will reach the question.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment of the Commit-
tee on Public Lands to the eleventh section.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I now move that the
eleventh section, as amended, be stricken out.
rIf this motion prevails it will leave this as a
road from Kansas City to the southern bound-
ary of Kansas. Whether the Senate will be
willing to pass a bill running a parallel road
within a few miles of a road already provided
for by arrant of lands is for further consider-
ation. The present question is to prevent the
June 22,
running of any of these roads through the In-
dian country before the absolute right has been
secured from the Indian tribes, and to leave
this road upon that question just as the other
roads now stand. I move to strike out all of
the.bill which relates to the running of the road
through the Indian country.
Mr. HENDERSON. In order that the Sen-
ate may understand what the proposition is, I
will state that this section provides, inasmuch
as there are several roads running down to the
southern borders of Kansas, that whichever
road gels to the southern limits of Kansas first
shall take the grant and go on to the Gulf of
Mexico. That is all that this section does. In-
stead of leaving it open for various competing
lines hereafter to ask for several roads through
the Indian country, it provides that whatever
company builds its road down to the southern
borders of Kansas first shall take the grant and
go on to build the road to the Gulf, and that
there shall be but one road built in that direc-
tion. Therefore I think it is nothing but proper
that the section should stand as it is. All that
we want is a road, and I do not care which of
these roads build's down to the southern bor-
ders of Kansas first. I am not asking any grant
of lands as a matter of favoritism to a particu-
lar road, but simply that whichever road gets
to the southern boundary of Kansas first shall
take the grant and go on with the road; and it
will be equally beneficial to any company that
gets there first.
Mr. POMEROY. In addition to what the
Senator from Missouri has said I desire to say
this: the grant beyond the southern line of
Kansas is simply a grant of the right of way,
with the consent of the Indians. It is not a
grant of land, but of the right of way with the
consent of the Indian tribes, and all the tribes
have made treaties consenting to it except
one. The chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs the other day said he had examined
it in its relation to the Indian tribes, and that
he had no objections to the bill. It simply gives
the right of way through that country to any
road that will build to the southern line of the
State first. We have tried to harmonize all
the conflicting interests, and we believe we
have done so. There cannot be any objection
to this bill unless it is an objection to the run-
ning of a road in that direction. It is simply
the right of wa.y that is granted.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Before the Senate passes
from this question I wish to say a word. In
order that Senators may understand fully the
proposition, it will be necessary to read the
eleventh section. It is a very elaborate sec-
tion. There is already a road provided for, as
I said some days since, from Leavenworth by
Lawrence to the southern line of Kansas. This
bill proposes to run a road almost parallel,
within a verge of from thirty-six miles to one
mile from that road, and then to extend the
right south of Kansas through the Indian coun-
tuy to a corporation of the State of Kansas.
T propose to strike that out in relation to the
Indian country.
Mr. POMEROY. It is true that they do
start within thirty-six miles of each other, but
when they run one hundred miles they are forty
miles apart, as I showed the Senator the other
day. From Humboldt to Fort Scott, which is
one hundred or ninetyrseven miles from the
starting point, they are forty miles apart; and
within that distance land grants are given every-
where in all the States.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Senators can settle that
question by turning to the map of the surveys
of the public lands of Kansas furnished by the
Commissioner of the General Land Office. If
the Senator can make six townships forty miles,
he has got it; but the Commissioner of the
General Land Office locates the road that is
already provided for upon the map of the pur-
veys of the State, and the greatest distance
from the Missouri line to the road already pro-
vided for is six townships on this map.
Mr. POMEROY. That map was made be-
fore the road was located at all, on the prob-
able location; but when it came to be actually
located, they located ft at Humboldt on one
road and Fort Scott on the other, and they
are forty miles apart.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Senators can examine
this map for themselves. It is furnished by
the Commissioner of the General Land Office.
Mr. CRAGIN. If I understand this amend-
ment I am in favor of it. As I understand, it
denies the right to any grant through the In-
dian Territory. I have had occasion during this
session to examine this subject quite fully, and
I am entirely opposed to any grant through
the Indian Territory until the consent of the
Indians is fully obtained, and then I would
grant simply the right of way. In the Commit-
tee on Territories I have had occasion to con-
sult with the various representatives of the In-
dian tribes or nations residing in this country,
and to my great surprise I have found them
very intelligent, and many of them cultivated
men. They are universally opposed to any
railroad through this Territory unless they shall
first give their consent. They are willing to
grant the right of way, but nothing more.
Mr. POMEROY. That is precisely this bill.
No grant is given until they consent.
Mr. CRAGIN. I apprehend that there is
something more contemplated by this bill than
simply that I am not willing that this Terri-
tory shall lie in the way of public improve-
ments ; I am willing that there shall be a right
of way granted; but if there is a purpose to
obtain from these Indian tribes a grant, which
I believe this bill contemplates in the ninth,
tenth, and eleventh sections, I am opposed to
the passage of the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator surely
was not in the Chamber on Wednesday morn-
ing when I read the contemplated amendment
that I intended to offer to the eighth section;
but if the Senator has any fears upon that sub-
ject I will pass over the eleventh section now,
and take up the eighth section. I propose this
amendment to that section:
That the right of way through the Indian Terri-
tory, wherever such riaht is now reserved or may bo
reserved to the United States by treaty with the In-
dian tribes, is hereby granted to saideompany to the
same extent as granted by the sixth section of this
act through the public lands. And in all cases whero
the right of way as aforesaid through the Indian
lands shall not be reserved to the Government, the
said company shall, before constructing its road, pro-
cure the consent of the tribe or tribes interested,
winch consent with all its terms and conditions shall
be previously approved and indorsed by the Presi-
dent and filed with the Secretary of the Interior.
No damage can be done to any Indian tribe
if this is adopted. Let us pass over the elev-
enth section and adopt this amendment.
Mr. CRAGIN. That probably will relieve
much of my objection, although I should pre-
fer that this consent should be given by treaty
with the United States, rather than to allow
companies to manage to get the consent of the
Indians.
Mr. HENDERSON. But then the road
cannot be built until the consent is obtained
by treaty, and I will state to the Senator that
treaties are now pending before this body made
with every Indian tribe except one, the Chero-
kees, and that the Cherokees have passed a
resolution through their Legislature, not only
consenting to, but requesting, the building of
this road.
Mr. CRAGIN. Perhaps my remarks will
not be so appropriate to this amendment. I
have objections to the ninth and tenth sections
of this bill. The ninth section gives a grant
of land through the Indian Territory whenever
the Government shall obtain the title to the
land there and it shall become public land. I
am opposed entirely to the Government ever
acquiring this land for any such purpose, be-
cause the tendency of it will be to introduce
white settlers into that Territory and drive the
Indians from it. There are now some eighty
thousand Indians in that Territory, and more
are to be sent there. If this is designed as
an entering wedge to remove those Indians
from that Territory then they are to perish in
