4294
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
air of this free Republic pant for the freedom
and independence of their native land, so long
ago wrested from them. Shall we defer to the
wishes of England after the exhibition she
made during our troubles, when her almost
every workshop was busy with the labor of the
mechanic fitting out and arming piratical ships
to seize upon our merchantmen, and prey upon
our commerce? The distinguished Senator
from Maryland can see in all this nothing but
good will and good intentions toward this Gov-
ernment on the part of England.
Sir, the fact is patent, and he that runs may
read it, that England sought the overthrow of
this Government, and was the ally of the con-
federacy and by no means the weakest one.
And yet we are told that out oj£ deference to
England persons who have fled from her juris-
diction, who have kissed the last tear from off
the cheeks of relatives in Erin and turned their
backs upon the graves of their ancestors forever,
shall not convene in this boasted land of free-
dom, shall not hold counsel together, shall not
return even in memory to the traditions of the
former glory of their native land! Away with
such affectation! Upon what meat hath this
mayor been feeding that he hath grown so
great that he can wave his wand and every
Irishman must at once hunt his hole? [Laugh-
ter.]
Fenianism is not as popular now on the other
[Democratic] side as it was. These men be-
gin to find that they have linked their political
destinies to the wrong car. The Senator from
Maryland justifies the mayor of this city in
preventing these people meeting, and he says
the law is as old as the District that the mayor
should keep order. So it is; but what right
had the mayor to assume that this would be
a disorderly meeting? Who knew but that
it was a meeting to indorse "my policy?"
r presume that if it had been it would not
have been considered disorderly or worthy of
the interruption of the mayor. Sir, I insist
that' on this little remnant of the former ten
miles square, the very hearthstone of this na-
tion, the mayor or any other power shall not
assume to say that a meeting is of a disorderly
character till it manifests some evidence of it.
The Irish had as good a right to convene here
now as they had on the 22d of February last;
and liiis meeting was far more orderly than
that, and I presume the. speaking was quite as
good.
I hope this resolution will bo passed and the
mayor given to understand that, although he
is^ mayor here, and mayor, too, by the voices
of the very people whom he disbanded that
night, he has no right to thwart or pervert the
highest privilege granted to American citizens
of peaceably assembling upon any and all occa-
sions for the purpose of conferring together in
regard to personal, individual, or collective
rights. This outrage has been perpetrated;
that, cannot be helped; but its recurrence can
be prevented, and I insist that it is the duty
of Congress to say that right hero in their faces
such usurpation shall not be tolerated. My
friend from Maryland having recently joined
the Democratic party, is not fully versed in
their traditions and history up to the present
time; but heretofore Irishmen could be as
thick around the Democracy as they pleased,
and not create any alarm; but as soon as they
begin to see, when they get nine days old and
like young dogs get their eyes open, and think
of leaving the Democracy, it is disorderly for
them to convene.
It is the duty of this Congress to say that
such an outrage shall not occur again. By a
resolution of Congress we granted the mate-
rials out of which this building was put up for
a humane public purpose. It has accomplished
that purpose and it is to stand now for the gath-
ering of all parties. If my friend from Mary-
land should want to speak there, no man would
dare to say the meeting would be disorderly.
I suppose the building will be kept up at least
until after the coming gathering at Philadel-
phia, to be preserved for a ratification meet-
ing, perhaps. My friend from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Cowax] would not like to have the mayor
declare such a meeting disorderly; and the
same measure that I would mete out to him I
want meted out to any peaceful citizens who
desire to congregate there.
There seems to be a great propensity in this
District to lord it over somebody. Heretofore
they have been able to gratify that spirit by
lording it over the blacks. Now, the blacks
being free they have taken another race in hand,
and attempted to use their power to enslave
the tongues and fetter the action of as noble
and generous a race as ef.er breathed. The
attempt will fail. Let them see that they can-
notgag freedom of speech or liberty ofthouglit.
I hope that the resolution will pass. I am
sorry that it has incurred the displeasure and
dislike of the distinguished Senatorfrom Mary-
land. Above all other men in this body, I
should have supposed he would be the warmest
supporter of such a resolution. I know his
great gushing heart must shrink from any such
outrage as this; and when he arose I expected
to hear him denounce it as it ought to be de-
nounced ; but instead of that, lo ! he went on to
sing p ans to the coming magnanimity of Great
Britain. He tells lis that we have just emerged
from a great struggle. Yes, sir, and England
made that struggle more fearful than the rebels
themselves. I recommend that our Govern-
ment make out its account of the millions we
suffered at the hands of England and send the
Senator as special minister to settle those ac-
counts, he having the confidence he professes
to have in Lord Derby. Why, sir, Lord Derby
would be as insolent to him as the mayor was
to the Fenians. England never did display
toward this country one streak of magnanimity
that she was not obliged to. We taught her
the first lesson of respect to us in the "Revolu-
tion ; we gave her stripe for stripe in the war
of 1812; she tried us twice ; she does not want
a contest with us again. The only way I sub-
mit is to clothe my friend from Maryland with
full powers of negotiation, and when he has ex-
hausted his arts of persuasion on Lord Deiby
wc will say, " If you do notpay our bill we will
make you," and that argument will prevail
much quicker and be much more successful
than all his arts of persuasion.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I have been
taken a little by surprise at the reception this
resolution has met with. I thought it was a
very harmless thing. 1 wish the Clerk would
send it to me. It relates to the use of a cer-
tain public building in this city, in this District
oyer which we have the exclusive right of le-
gislation ; a building that belongs to the Gov-
ernment of the United States, and is within
the control of Congress; and the only disposi-
tion it proposes to make of that building in
this District is this: "said citizens are hereby
authorized, whenever permitted so to do by
the Speaker of this House or the President of
the Senate, to use and occupy said building."
For what? " For any proper and lawful pur-
pose, and particularly in reference to the lib-
eration of Ireland." Upon what clause in this
resolution is the indictment against it founded?
Is it wrong lo permit a public building to be
used for holding public meetings? I lake it not.
Public buildings have been too often and too long
appropriated to such uses to be now stigmatized
for the same here or elsewhere. Is it founded
upon the fact that these meetings are to be
held for any proper and lawful purpose? I
take it not. If public meetings can be held at
all, most assuredly they can be held for proper
and lawful purposes. But is it because they
are to be held "in reference to the liberation
of Ireland?" Is that the gist of the charge
made against the resolution? Sir, I put the
question to you and the Senate, is it improper
or unlawful to hold a public meeting in a pub-
lic building in the District of Columbia in ref-
erence to the liberation of Ireland? Since
when was it that it became improper.in this
country to consider the question of freedom in
Ireland or elsewhere? I thought there was
one country in the world wherein the question
of freedom might be fearlessly discussed and
debated, and I did fondly think that one coun-
try was the one over which still hang the stars
and the stripes, and I continue to cherish that
belief.
Sir, is the freedom of Ireland so odious a
thing that it may not properly be considered
by American citizens, either to the manor born
or born abroad? I know not myself why the
freedom of Ireland should be more odious than
the freedom of any other country. I know not
myself what license an American citizen has to
call freedom anywhere odious.
But if the freedom of Ireland were not a de-
sirable thing in itself, are we bound by any law
of right, or of courtesy even, to be so circum-
spect in reference to what we shall discuss here
touching the real or the supposed interests of
Great Britain as the Senator from Maryland
[Mr. Johnson] seems to argue? Sir, those
four black years when six millions of the Amer-
ican people stood in arms to overthrow the lib-
erties of this country, was England so very cir-
cumspect as to what she should do and as to what
she should say touchingthatgreat controversy?
Did it happen to you, sir, did it happen to any
Senator on this floor, to hear of any public
building within the realm of Great Britain
which was not open to the discussion of every
question affecting the interests of that great
rebellion with which we had to deal? Was
there any public building subject to the con-
trol of the Government of England in which
every sentiment calculated to cheer on that
rebellion was not openly applauded to the
echo? If there was such a building, I never
heard of it.
Mr. President, it was said by the Senator
from Maryland in the outset that by the dis-
cussion of such simple propositions as this be-
fore the Senate we were in danger of weaken
ing the attachment of the American people tc
their own laws, that we are especially in dan-
ger of putting in peril what are known as the
neutrality laws of this country, and the Sen-
ator from Maryland indulged himself in eulogy
upon the achievements of the Administration
in recently enforcing those laws. Mr. Presi-
dent, let me say a few words on that point.
The Administration did enforce those laws.
The Administration is not to be arraigned or
condemned for the execution of any law upon
your statute-book. For the simple work of
executing your laws or enforcing them, this
Administration and all Administrations are to
be commended and not condemned. But, Mr.
President, it does happen that the two parties
to that controversy agree in one respect, that
the two parties interested in the enforcement
of those neutrality laws agree in two particu-
lars. Great Britain says, by the mouths of
her leading organs, that the Administration did
more than could have been expected of it. The
Administration was not bound to do more than
to enforce the law of neutrality. That could
naturally and reasonably have been expected
of it. The London Times says that the Ad-
ministration did more than could have been
expected of it; and while they pour out upon
the Administration that praise, the Fenians say
that the Administration did a great deal more
than they expected of it or had any reason to
expect. Upon that point they are agreed, and
upon that point I am inclined to think, from
what I know, that both are right.
Let me call your attention to a very few in-
cidents conncctcd with that short struggle. I
remember that on the 28th day of May—it was
Wednesday, I believe—a telegraphic dispatch
from Cleveland announced that two companies,
I think—I am not sure about the force—two
companies of Fenians left the city of Cleve-
land, in the State of Ohio, armed. That was
on the 28th day of May. The country had
been rife with rumors that a raid was contem-
plated on Canada ; but the Government made
no demonstration to cheek it. If a force did
leave Cleveland for the purpose of invading
Canada, that was a violation of our neutrality
laws. The Government was i.otified through
the public dispatches of that fact, but the Gov-
ernment did not lift a linger to interfere with
