1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8385
this land, for that is the last resting-place for
them.
Then, by the tenth section of this bill, this
company is authorized, with the consent of the
President, to purchase lands of the Indians,
another provision looking in the same direc-
tion. I believe this is an entering wedge to a
scheme for getting the Indian land for the pur-
poses of this corporation, and ultimately to
drive the Indians from this Territory.
As I understand it, Mr. President, the Indians
occupying this Territory have a different title
to the land from any other Indians. The Chero-
kees, especially, when they were removed from
Georgia to this Territory, were given the most
solemn guarantees by the Government of the
United States that they should forever remain
there and be protected in their rights. They
have an absolute fee-simple to the land, with
the exception that they cannot dispose of it
to any parties except to the Government of the
United States. I hope, sir, that this bill will
not pass unless these sections are stricken out,
and unless it is so guarded that even the right
of way shall not be granted until the full con-
sent of each of these Indian nations has been
given to the Government of the United States,
and not to the railroad corporation.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Indiana to strike out the eleventh section of
the bill.
Mr. HENDRICKS called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered.
Mr. POMEROY. 1 desire to assure the Sen-
ate that every precaution is contained in this
bill that can be thrown around a bill, that no
right of way shall be granted until the Indians
assent to it. It cannot be better guarded. If
it is the pleasure of Congress to grant any right
of way through this country the bill cannot be
better guarded in that respect than it is.
Mr. I-IENDRICKS. It is a proposition in
round terms to allow corporations of the State
of Kansas, not created by any act of Congress,
to extend their roads outside, beyond the limits
of the State and through the Indian country.
My impression is, that these corporations, so
far as they shall realize lands from the General
Government, ought to be confined to the State,
being corporations of the State, and that they
shall not extend into the Indian country. Upon
that proposition I have moved to strike out
the eleventh section.
Mr. HENDERSON. In reply to what was
said by the Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr.
CrtAUlN,] I will state to the Senalethat it is the
wish, as I understand, of all these Indian tribes
to have railroad facilities. If it is the desire
of the Senate of the United States never to
build a railroad across an Indian reservation,
even with the consent of the Indians, they will
vote "yea" on this amendment. If it be the
belief of the Senate that under certain circum-
stances a railroad ought to be built across a
reservation, by the consent of the Indians, they
will vote against the amendment. There is not
a dollar's worth of land proposed to be given
except when the Indian title shall have been
entirely obtained by the United States. But
if the United States are going to stand back
and say that because there are a few Indian
tribes on the plains we shall not be permitted,
even with the consent of the Indians, to build
a railroad across their lands, or even when the
Government has retained the right by treaty
with them to do so, then of course they will vote
"yea" on this amendment. Otherwise, of
course, we ought to have the privilege in this
case, because, as the Senator from Kansas says,
I have guarded this bill in every way that 1
know how. As to throwing discredit on this
thing because the company is a Kansas com-
pany, that, I suppose, willhave but little weight
with the Senate.
Mr. GRIMES. T have heard it asserted here
—and I desire to know whether the Senator
concurs in that opinion—that these Indians
hold their lands under a different title from the
Indians on the plains.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Cherokees do,
and therefore I provide, by an amendment
which I propose, that under no circumstances
shall the road go through the Cherokee lands
without the consent of the Cherokees, given by
an act passed by their Legislature and approved
by the President of the United States and filed
with the Secretary of the Interior.
Mr. GRIMES. Has that been adopted?
Mr. HENDERSON. It will be adopted. I
suppose there will be no objection to it. I just
now proposed to offer that amendment to the
eighth section, and I shall do so as soon as the
present amendment is disposed of. I assure
Senators that, if they adopt this section, and
if they should not afterward adopt the amend-
ment which I propose, to protect the right of
the Indians. 1 will vote against the bill myself.
I do not ask the Senate to do anything that is
wrong.
Mr. CLARK. This argument of obtaining
the consent of the Indians first, is a little delu-
sive. The consent, may be obtained to a rail-
road; but how? By treaty? In whatever mode
it is obtained, I have no doubt the Govern-
ment, will have to pay for it, for whenever we
make a treaty with an Indiatf to move off or do
anything to land we always pay him a subsidy
or a round sum of money i'or it ; and now, when
a railroad company wants a route through the
Indian Territory, there will have to be a treaty
made or consent obtained in some way, which
the Government will pay for.
Mr. POMEROY. Does not the Senator
know that it is provided for in every one of
these treaties but one, which is not yet rati-
fied?
Mr. CLARK. I know that it is provided
for in some of the treaties, and I know very
well, too, that railroad companies or men who
act for railroad companies object to the setting
aside of lands for the Indians, on the pretense
that a railroad goes through that country, and
thus the public good of the Indian is made to
give way to the private interests of a railroad
company.
Mr. POMEROY. I am not one of those
men.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator says ho is not
one of those men. I charge no such thing
upon the Senator; I charge it upon no Sena-
tor ; but I know such is the fact, and f know
such has been the fact this very session. I
know such has been the fact in regard to his
own State, if he will permit me to say it.
When it is proposed to locate an Indian tribe
in his own State, on the southern border, by
treaty, it is objected that a railroad grant is to
be interfered with.
Mr. POMEROY. I made no such objection.
Mr. CLARK. Certainly the Senator made
no such objection, but. that does not alter the
fact which 1 am stating. Now, I would very
much rather that, we should have the consent
of the Indians in the first instance, that no
authority should be given until that assent is
obtained and wc see the conditions on which it
is obtained before wo undertake to do a thing
of this kind.
Mr. President, I think the Indiau Territory
should be reserved against not only the settle-
ment of the white man, but should be reserved
against the encroachments of a corporation
that wants to take their land. These men are
fast disappearing. They are driven from one
plain to another and from one river to another.
There is a Territory down there which we have
denominated the Indian Territory, where we
have been gathering them together : and now
you propose to open it, and let railroads run
through and run over and destroy this homo
for the Indian. I am in favor of railroads
through the country ; they are the great net-
works of communication which bind the differ-
ent parts of the country together ; but I would
not allow, by a bill of this kind, railroads to
run into this Territory, which..for thirty, forty,
or fifty years we have been holding sacred,
and ought now to bold sacred, as the homo of
the Indian. If the Indian wants the railroad,
let him ask for the railroad there, and give his
assent in the first instance.
Mr. HENDERSON. They have done it.
Mr. CLARK. He may have done it in some
instances, but I fear very much the influence
which is brought to bear upon him in advance
to crush him out of his home.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The suggestion of the
Senator from New Hampshire makes it proper
for me to say that this bill provides a new mode
of treating with the Indians altogether now in
our policy. It provides for a negotiation by a
railroad company of a treaty with the Indians,
with the assent of the President. The tenth
section provides "that said Kansas and Neo-
sho Valley llailroad Company, its successors
and assigns, shall have the right to negotiate
with and acquire from any Indian nation or
tribe authorized by the United States to dis-
pose of lands for railroad purposes, and from
any other nation or tribe of Indians through
whose lands said railroad may pass, subject to
the approval of the President of the United
States."
That is a new policy altogether. It has been
heretofore held that nobody could treat or
trade with the Indians in regard to their lands
except the Government, and I do not think it
is well to depart from that policy. My propo-
sition is simply to let this railroad company, a
corporation of the State of Kansas, run its road
within the limits of the State to the extent
authorized by its Legislature.
Mr. HENDERSON. This is the most re-
markable of all the opposition I think I have
ever witnessed. The Senator now leaves the
eleventh section, which wo have under consid-
eration. and goes back and attacks the tenth.
Now, what is the tenth section?
That said Kansas and Neosho ValU'v llailroad Com-
pany, its Mu'.ce^ors and a^xinns, shall have the right
it) negotiate with, and acquire from, any Indian na-
tion or tribe, authorized by tho United States to dis-
pose of lands for railroad purposes.
Is it possible for the United States to make
a treaty with the Cherokee nation permitting
them to grant alternate sections of these lands
to a railroad company, and is it possible that
wc will say beforehand that they shall not do
it? First, there must bo a treaty made with
the tribe to authorize the tribe to do this thing
before this section of the bill will attach at all.
The remarks of the Senator would leave the
impression that we are attempting to originate
a new mode of treating with the Indians. It
is not so. A treaty must first be made author-
izing the Indians to permit it to be done or else
it cannot be done ; and even after the treaty
has been made it cannot be done until the ac-
tion is submitted to the President and approved
by the President. That is another guardian-
ship over their rights.
Mr. President, the Indian tribes are not at
all damaged by this bill and cannot be. The
Cherokee nation has already passed a resolu-
tion through its representative body allowing
cither of these roads, whichever shall build
first, the right of way, and appointing commis-
sioners to induce them to build. It is a noto-
rious fact, that such is the case ; and this is the
only tribe we have not already negotiated with
and secured tho right of way to build railroads
from. They are all anxious to have railroads.
Is it possible that this rich country, the Cher-
okee nation, is to be kept closed up forever
without railroad facilities? As the Senator
from New Hampshire [Mr. Ciugin] says, there
are intelligent men there, very able men rep-
resenting them in their Legislature. They are
entirely excluded from the outside world ; they
have no communication at all with it; and they
are begging for a railroad company to build a
road there. They passed resolutions to that ef-
l'ectb.y their Legislature. _ We have cramped and
hound up these companies in every way possi-
ble in this bill, and yet I hear objections made.
First a treaty must be made allowing them to
give their lands; secondly, even after they give
their lands, their action must be approved by
the President—an additional guard and pro-
tection—and yet we are told we are trying to
rob the Indians 1 I am sure I would not rob
them out of a cent; I do not desire to do it,
and I would give no company the power to do
