1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2375
the loss of millions and millions of dollars of
property. The value of the steamers that have
been destroyed at Rock Island alone, I think,
would amount to $1,000,000.
Now, if we in Congress are going forward to
legislate upon this subject of bridging the Mis-
sissippi. a subject of vast importance, we should
legislate with great care and with great delib-
eration. Now, I desire to say that I am opposed
to sending this bill, with the amendments which
have been introduced, to the Committee on the
Post Office and Post Roads, for the reason
that that committee has already ordered a hill
to be reported to this House to legalize the
Clinton bridge and make it a post route, taking
from the people of the Mississippi valley all their
rights and all their remedies in that regard.
That committee is already committed in favor
of this subject of obstructing the navigation of
the Mississippi river by these bridges, and hence
I say that I do not believe that it is just and
fair that this bill should go to a committee
already committed in its favor.
Now, I move to refer this bill with amend-
ments to the Committee on Commerce. It
may, perhaps, be objected that the Committee
on Commerce has formed its opinion on this
subject. If that is so, then I will not insist
upon having this bill referred to that commit-
tee. But I do insist that a subject of this vast
importance should go to some committee where
the subject will be considered fairly and justly,
■with a due regard to the interests of all parties,
and not in the interest of these railroad corpo-
rations, which have for one object the damming
up of that great natural highway, in order that
they may compel freight to go over their lines,
and thus rob the people still further. I want
this question considered fairly, and by a com-
mittee that is not prejudiced on this subject,
and that has not committed itself to any par-
ticular line of policy.
Mr. ROSS. Will the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Kasson] permit me to offer an amend-
ment?
Mr. KASSON. I will hear it read.^
Mr. ROSS. It is to add the following:
Provided, however, That sftid bridges shall not be so
built as to obstruct or impair the navigation of the
Mississippi river.
Mr. KASSON. I have no objection to hav-
ing that amendment go to the committee with
the other propositions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. In view
of the importance of this question, I will ask
that a fair committee be appointed to con-
sider it.
Mr. KASSON. I will say that this question
has already been considered with great care
and deliberation in the Senate. The gentle-
man from Illinois [Mr. Washbuene] suggests
that a special committee should be raised for
the purpose of considering this subject. I do
not like to take this subject from the juris-
diction of the committee to which it properly
belongs, and have it go to another regular
committee, as was first suggested by the gen-
tleman from Illinois. I think the Post Office
Committee is a competent committee to con-
sider the question, as is also the Committee on
Commerce. But in the Senate the subject went
to the Post Office Committee. Its very title
indicates that it should go there, and I for one
will not discredit any regular committee. The
only other alternative is that it should go to a
special committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am will-
ing to withdraw my motion for a special com-
mittee, as also my suggestion that it be referred
to the Committee on Commerce, and I will
suggest that it should be referred to the Com-
mittee on Roads and Canals, which I am sure
will prove to be an impartial committee.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from Iowa [Mr. Kasson] yield to me
for a moment?
Mr. KASSON. I will yield for an explana-
tion. but I cannot yield the floor entirely.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I feel a deep interest in the subject of bridging
the Mississippi. My district lies one hundred
and fifty miles along the east bank of that river,
including both rapids ; and across the river into
my district run four great lines of railroad
which penetrate the great West beyond the
Mississippi. My constituents as well as those
of the gentlemen on the other side of the Mis-
sissippi are anxious to carry their business
across that river to get their produce to market.
My constituents are equally interested with
those of other gentlemen in maintaining an
unobstructed navigation of the Mississippi.
Sir, for thirty years I have fought against ob-
structions in the Mississippi. I fought against
the construction of the bridge at Rock Island;
and I have been opposed to all such bridges as
would obstruct the navigation.
Now, sir, after weeks of labor, we have here
a bill prepared upon the information of the
ablest engineers ot the country, and with the
sanction of the War Department, by which it
is provided that the railroad interest and those
concerned in the transportation of freight by
that mode of communication shall be accom-
modated, while the shipping interest upon the
river shall also be accommodated.
I am in favor of the construction of a bridge
at Keokuk. Those interested in that enter-
prise have had a committee here; and I have
assisted them in their efforts to get a bill
through Congress. But I do not wish that
that project shall be tacked on to this bill so
that the whole thing may go over to the next
session. I had hoped, sir, that this bill would
be referred by the House to some friendly
committee that would report it back. It con-
tains, I will state to the House, all the ele-
ments of a system of laws for the regulation of
the construction of these bridges. The draw
at Quincy is one hundred and sixty feet in the
clear, a width far beyond that of the bridge
at Rock Island, which was built without the
authority of any law of Congress, and was a
great obstruction. This bridge at Quincy, the
proposed bridge at Burlington, and the one
at Keokuk, are all unobjectionable, so far as
I can judge from my investigation of the ques-
tion.
I am aware of the zeal with which my col-
league from the Galena district [Mr. Wash-
bukne] protects the navigation interests. I
know very well that there is a very great preju-
dice against bridges; but I am happy to see
that the honest sentiments of my friend have
been modified, and that he publicly assents to
the bridging of the river Mississippi. I beg
him now to have this bill referred to a friendly
committee if it must be referred at all.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I propose
that it shall be referred to the Committee on
Roads and Canals. I desire that it shall not
be referred to the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to ask the gentle-
man from the Quincy district, who is a friend
of the original measure, to what committee he
would prefer to have the bill referred. I am
equally anxious with himself to have it go to a
friendly committee, and at the same time a
prudent one. I am desirous to oblige the gen-
tleman. Does be desire it to go to the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads, or
to the Committee on Roads and Canals?
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I do not know
what is the state of the business before those
committees. I think I would prefer that it
should be referred to a Committee of the Whole
House.
Mr. KASSON. Then we should never hear
of the bill again.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I accept, then,
the proposition to refer it to the Committee on
the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. KASSON. That is my original prop-
osition. I now yield to my colleague, [Mr.
Grinnell.]
Mr. GRINNELL. I desire, Mr. Speaker,
that this bill may be referred to the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, because I
know that that is a good committee.
Mr. Speaker, I am very glad to hear the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburne]
surrender the positions which he formerly held
and yield his great Mississippi fight.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I occupy
to-day the same position I always* occupied.
I was always' willing to have the river bridged
when it could be done without materially inter-
fereing with navigation.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, it has been
asserted over and over again, in and out of the
House, that these bridges are nuisances and
must come down. But, sir, in regard to the
Rock Island bridge it has been shown that
that is not an obstruction. The largest craft
have, in great numbers—five or six hundred a
season—passed there unobstructed; but when
an old craft highly insured has run against the
bridge and been destroyed, we have heard a
great outcry about that bridge. It has been
suspicious.
Now, sir, that bridge—I mean the Rock
Island bridge—was constructed by eminent
engineers, and if it is a nuisance there, it can
be brought down by law., I suppose they want
bridges at all those points, and 1 am willing
thp.t they shall have them. I am willing that
this shall go to the Committee on the Post Of-
fice and Post Roads. It is for the interest of
the other side of the river, where they have ten
times the business, east and west of that on the
river, that they shall have all the accommoda-
tions which nature and art both give them. The
people distant to the Pacific are interested'in
these crossings. The railroad system of this
country, and especially that west of the river,
is made to yield to the natural highways of
commerce. We have there established a bridge
which will admit transit oast and west as well
as up and down the river.
Mr. KASSON. I now yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, chairman of the Commit-
tee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
Mr. ALLEY. I was not present and did
not hear the remarks of the gentleman from
Illinois, but I am informed that he reflected
on the Committee on the Post Office and
Post Roads, charging that it was an unfair
committee and in the interest of the railroads,
and that he was opposed to any reference to
that committee on that ground, asking at the
same time that it be referred to the Commit-
tee on Commerce, of which committee he is
chairman.
Mr. GRINNELL. The gentleman is mis-
taken. I said that the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads was a fair committee,
and the gentleman from Illinois said nothing
reflecting on the committee at all.
Mr. ALLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Illinois whether he reflected on that committee.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I made no
reflection on any committee. I trust ^under-
stand the rules too well for that. I sta'ted the
action of that committee and that it tended to
strike down the interests of eight million peo-
ple of the agricultural districts.
Mr. ALLEY. I understood the gentleman
to have reflected on the action of the commit-
tee. I must have misapprehended, or rather
I must have been misinformed, in reference to
the position of the gentleman from Illinois. I
understood that he reflected on the Committee
on the Post Office and Post Roads, charging
them with unfairness. He disclaims any reflec-
tion on that committee, and of course I have
nothing further to say.
In regard to the question before that com-
mittee in which that gentleman is interested,
no action has been taken and no report made,
and of course the gentleman can have no com-
plcii nfc.
Mr. KASSON. I yield to the gentleman
from Missouri.
Mr. BLOW. I desire to state there are two
Senate bills before the House providing for
the construction of bridges across the Missis-
sippi river. The city of St. Louis, its Chamber
of Commerce, and its people, have united in
declaring that no obstruction should be made
to the navigation of a stream upon which floats
the greatest commerce of the New Yv orid. It
is therefore provided in reference to the bridgo
