4296
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I oughtto state, perhaps,
that these parties are just like the other iron-
clad contractors for whom we passed a bill, but
their contracts were not completed in time for
them to go before the board that sat last year
on those claims. This resolution provides for
an examination by a, board, and if the boar,4
report favorably, and the Secretary of the Navy
approves the report, the amount found due is
to be paid', not, however, exceeding twelve per
cent., as in the other cases.
The joint resolution was read; three times
and passed.
internal tax on pensions.
Mr. YATES. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 787.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Chair understands that that
bill has not been reported back from the Com-
mittee on Finance.
Mr. YATES. I hope it will be read at the
desk. I suppose there will be no objection
to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Move to discharge the
committee from its further consideration.
Mr. YATES. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (H. R. No. 787) exempting
pensions from internal revenue tax. It author-
izes any person receiving a pension from the
Utiiled States to deduct, in addition to the
$000 now exempted, the amount of such pen-
sion in making a return of his or her income
required under the internal revenue law.
Mr. GUTHRIE. This question was before
the Finance Committee, and they considered
it; but they did not deem it proper or wise to
make the proposed change. We believed that
the income tax laws should bo left to stand as
tliey are. If you begin making these excep-
tions, you will pare them down to nothing, and
you will not obtain the necessary income to
pay the interest on the public debt. I think
the bill ought not to pass.
Mr. Y ATES. This bill only affects the lame,
the disabled, the wounded, and the widows
and orphans to whom we have given these
pensions, and I do not think the Government
ought, in justico, to ask them to pay a tax, and
thus take back from them what the Govern-
ment lias already given to them. I ask for the
yens mid nays on the passage of the resolution,
if it is objected to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I was not aware when
the title of the bill was read what its charac-
ter was. 1 believe it was referred to the Com-
mittee on Finance. Wo considered it in our
committee, and I believe were unanimous in
the opinion that it ought not to pass. In the
first place, there ia an exemption of $000 in
the law, and $600 is a great deal more than
the ordinary run of pensions. This bill, there-
fore, could only apply to officers of high grade
in the Army. There is no need of any such
law. It is a mere ad capiandum affair. It is
very rare that a pension amounts to $GOO. All
under that are exempt; the general law applies
to them. If a pensioner happens to have prop-
erty and that his pension brings up his income
to over $000, there is no reason in the world
why he should be exempted on the surplus any
more than any other citizen. We take it from
everybody ; we take it from all the officers in
(he public service, and all the clerks in the
Departments. If we give $100 as a bonus or
gill to certain clerks in the Departments, five
per cent, is taken out of it from day to day.
Now, in addition to giving the pensions, if they
happen to have property, why should we make
pensioners a privileged class and excuse them
from the payment of tax on what they have
over and above the amount that is exempted
by law? All the class of pensions that the
Senator refers to are exempt already, because
their pensions do not amount to the sum that
is by law exempted. There is nothing in this
bill except the word ''pension" in reality.
That is all the charm there is about it. There
is no reason why we should select any portion
of the community .and make them a privileged
classto be exempted from the paymentof taxes,
because the pensioners proper pay none now,
and, probably never will be able to pay any.
Therefore, on principle, as connected with the
internal revenue, which it is ver/ dangerous
to break in upon, the Committee on Finance
thought that, as the thing was useless.in point
of fact, it would be a dangerous precedent, and
we had better avoid it
Mr. YATES.. I simply desire to save the
Government from appearing to do an ungen-
erous thing, a mean thing toward, the persons
to whom it has granted a pension. It is but a
small amount that is given to the soldier or to
his widow or orphans, and- if the Senator from
Maine is correct, the tax will be nothing. The
bill was passed in the House unanimously, and
L think it would be a compliment to the soldiers
to pass it.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment; and on the question,
"Shall the joint resolution be ordered to a
third reading?"
Mr. YATES called for the yeas and nays, and
they were ordered; and being taken, resulted—
yeas 7, nays 20; as follows:
YBAS—Messrs. Conness, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Ross,
Trumbull, Wade, and Yates—7.
_ NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Buekalew, Davis, Doo-
littte, ITessenden, Guthrie, Henderson, Johnson,
Morgan, Norton, Nye, Patterson, Poland, Riddle,
Sherman, Sprague, Sumner, Willey, Williams, and
Wilsoo—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Chandler. Clark, Cowan,
CriiRin, Creswell, Dixon, Edmunds, Foster, Fowler,
Grimes. Harris, Hendricks. Howard, Ilowe, Kirk-
wood, Lane, McDous.ill, Moirill. Nesmith, Sauls-
bury, Stewart, Van Winkle, and Wright—24.
So the bill was rejected.
approval ol' dills.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. Moorj;, his Secretary, announced
that he had approved and signed the following
bills:
An act (S. No. 223) to revive and extend the
provisions of an act granting the right of
way and making a grant of land to the States
of Arkansas and Missouri to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from a point upon the
Mississippi, opposite the mouth of the Ohio
river, via Little Rock, to the Texas boundary,
near Fulton, in Arkansas, with branches to
Fort Smith, and the Mississippi river, approved
February 9, 1853, and for other purposes;
An act (S. No. 217) donating certain lots in
the city of Washington for schools for colored
children in the District of Columbia ;
An act (S. No. 354) for the relief of William
Croswell;
An act (S. No. 265) to protect the manufac-
turers of mineral waters in the District of Co-
lumbia, and for other purposes; and
An act (S. No. 138) to increase and fix the
military peace establishment of the United
States.
norman wiard.
Mr. WADE. I wish to make another effort
in favor of Norman Wiard, a bill for whose re-
lief has come from the House. I presume the
Senator from Rhode Island [Mr. Spiiague] will
withdraw the objection that he had to the con-
sideration of the bill. Mr. Wiard is a creditor of
the Government. He built two light-draught
steamers for them to operate on the rivers in
the southern country, which were principally
used at James Island. The Government pur-
chased them of Mr. Wiard. They have never
paid him a dollar of the expense to which he has
been subjected. This has entirely broken him
down and ruined him and left him almost bank-
rupt, without any form of relief. Two of the
members of the Committee on Military Affairs
in the House (Mr. SouENCKand another mem-
ber whose name I do not remember)—and I say
this because we have not time to investigate
this matter in the usual way—came to me and
urged upon me, if it was possible, to have this
bill passed. They say that the Military Commit-
tee of the House have considered it most care-
fully, and that the amount they have awarded
him in the bill that passed the House is cer-
tainly his due and ought to be paid; and it
would be a cruel thing and, to use their own
language, an outrage upon him to withhold it
longer. Under these eircumstanccs, although
I know nothing about it myself except what
they state to me, I appeal to the Senate to let
it pass. I have no doubt those gentlemen were
perfectly competent to consider it and have
considered it well; and,I wish, for that reason,
that it might be permitted to pass.
Mb. CONNESS. What amount does it call
for, I should like to inquire of the Senator.
Mr. WADE. I have not read the bill even.
I do not know how much it is.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thirty-five thousand
dollars.
Mr. WADE. On a careful investigation they
say that is due. They were to pay $50,000 on
delivery to the Government, which they never
paid-, and,I belicveabout;i;i00,000 in all. These
gentlemen say, after the most careful consider-
ation, that this sum. is undoubtedly his due. I
know it would be more satisfactory, if we had
time, to allow our Military Committee to re-
view their doings and come to the usual con-
clusion : but I think the case is a strong one,
probably exceptional; and the poor man has
got to go off without anything, although the
Government is absolutely his debtor, unless
you will let the bill pass in this way.
Mr. CONNESS. As I understand it the
transactions of Norman Wiard have been prin-
cipally, if not entirely, confined to the Navy
Department or to_ naval gunnery, and experi-
ments and inventions in connection therewith,
and not with the War Department to such an
extent, if any. If the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs were present he would
be able to tell you all about this case. There is
a greatdeal of it. Mr. Wiard has professed 
Mr. FESSENDEN. One objection carries
it over.
Mr. CONNESS. I was explaining rather
than objecting, because my purpose was to sat-
isfy the Senator from Ohio that it is a case that
ought to bo examined. I would be willing to
pay Mr. Wiard the last farthing due to him,
but I cannot believe, and do not now believe,
that the Government owes him a debt. He
has professed at various times upon the most
scientific principles to present improvements
in gunnery, in the construction of heavy ord-
nance, and I believe the result has been that
his experiments havenot been successful, and
consequently hi^ contributions have not been
accepted. There is a great deal in the case.
He has published a great many illustrated
works. They have been laid on our desks here
for three or four years past. His discussions
with the Navy Department were abont as con-
stant as those of Mr. Dickerson. I mean to
run no comparison between them,because my
object is not to condemn Mr. Wiard at all. I
am not sufficiently informed to have an opin-
ion in the ease; but I have a decided opinion
that it shouldbe investigated and that it should
not be voted upon blindly.
Mr. WADE. If that committee, which is %
thorough-going committee to investigate, and
very competent to do so, had gone it blind, I
should not expect the Senate to adopt their
proceedings. But this has nothing to do with
gunnery. As they inform me, it is a contract
for the purchase of two small war vessels to
run up the rivers in the southern States, and,
they were most instrumental in some of the
most successful enterprises we had. It iscon-
nected with nothing else, they tell me ; it is an
amount due upon this transaction. But if
gentlemen will not believe them and want fur-
ther time to investigate it, of course I can do
no more.
Mr. CONNESS. It appears that Mr. Wiard
is full of these inventions; but they are mostly
abortive, I think.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I believe that the gentle-
man from Ohio has withdrawn his motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. He did not
submit any motion.
Mr. SUAINER. I will now insist on my
motion for an executive session.
