3336
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
it. If this bill is not protected against any
wrong, if it is not so guarded that no wrong
can be inflicted on the Indian, I myself will
not vote for it.
Mr. POMEROY. The Senator from New
Hampshire [Mr. Clark] intends to be right, I
know, but if he will read a clause in the treaty
with the Creeks and Seminoles, made on the
7th of August, 1856, he will find these words
in the twentieth article :
"The United States or any incorporated company
shall have the right of way for railroads or telegraph
lines through the Creek and Seminole country."
Then, if he will turn to the treaty made with
the Choctaws and Chickasaws, on the 22d of
June, 1855, he will find these words in the
eighteenth article:
"The United States or any incorporated company
shall have the right of way for railroads and lines
of telegraph through the Chocktaw and Chickasaw
country."
The provision has already been made in all
the treaties with one exception, and that is
under consideration.
Mr. CLARK. I understand that that pro-
vision is in some of the treaties.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 8, nays 21; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Cragin.Davi?, Foster, Guth-
rie, Hendricks, Van Winkle, and Willey—8.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Brown, 13uckalew,
Chandler, Conness. Cowan. Fessonden, Harris, Hen-
derson, Howard, Ilowe, liirkwood, Morgan, Poland,
Pomeroy, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Wade, Wil-
liams, and Yates—21.
ABSENT—Messrs. Creswell, Dixon, Doolittle. Ed-
munds, Grimes, Johnson, Lano of Indiana, Lane
of Kansas, McDougall, Morrill, Nesmith, Norton,
Nye, Ramsey, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sumner, Trum-
bull, Wilson, and Wright—20.
So the motion to strike out the eleventh
section did not prevail.
Mr. HENDERSON. I now move to amend
the eighth section by striking out all after the
word " State," in line eight, being that portion
of the section granting the right of way through
the Indian country, and in lien of the words
stricken out to insert the following :
The right of way through the Indian Territory
wherever such right is now reserved or may hereaf-
ter be reserved to the United States by treaty with
tlio Indian tribes, is hereby granted to said company
to tho same extent as granted by the sixth section
of tho act through tho public lands, and in all cases
where the right of way as aforesaid through the In-
dian lands shall not be reserved to the Government,
thefsaid company shall, before constructing its road,
procure the consent of tho tribe or tribes interested,
which consent, with all its terms and conditions, shall
be previously approved and indorsed by the President
and filed with the Secretary of the Interior.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I will offer one amend-
ment which I do not propose to discuss. The
language of the first section in the thirteenth
and fourteenth lines is, "there is hereby
granted to tho State of Kansas for the use and
benefit of said railroad company." As this is
a new style of grantinglands, making the grant
to the company in substance, I move to strike
out the words " for the use and benefit of said
railroad company," so that the grant may be
to the State.
Mr. POMEROY. I should have no objection
to the amendment were it not for the fact that
the State of Kansas at the last session of its
Legislature gave one hundred and twenty-five
thousand acres of land, out of the five hundred
thousand acres given to the State in the act of
admission, to this company, and there is no other
company authorized to build this line of road.
If the Senator would change the phraseology
so as to make this bill read as other bills do,
making a grant for a line of railroad between
certain specified points, it would be sufficient.
This grant, of course, would then go to this
company, there being no other company au-
thorized to build this line of road.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That provision is al-
ready in the bill. The bill describes the rail-
road route "from the eastern terminus of the
Union Pacific railroad, eastern division, at
the line between Kansas and Missouri, at or
near the mouth of the Kansas river on the
south side thereof, southwardly through the
eastern tier of counties in Kansas," &c., " so
as to effect a junction at the Red river with a
railroad now being constructed from Galves-
ton to Red river."
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the amendment
will not be made. There is no use of it at all.
This company has been incorporated to build
a road in Kansas, through the eastern part of
Kansas down to a certain line. This bill pro-
poses to give the alternate sections of land to
that company. There are -but few lands in the
State, to bo sure, which will go under this
grant, perhaps not five thousand acres; but the
bill proposes to grant lands on the line of this
road ; and if these words be stricken out the
bill will be very awkward indeed. It will pro-
vide that the land on each side of this road
shall be given to Kansas, and perhaps Kansas
can take it and build a road somewhere else,
in another direction, awayfrom this route, but
they get the lands in consequence of this road
being built, and that will leave it in the hands
of the Legislature to trim the lands over to
some other company. That is all the effect it
can have.
Mr. POMEROY. The morning hour is
about expiring. Let us vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will put the question as soon as the debate
terminates.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. CRAGIN. I move to strike out the
ninth section of the bill. It will be seen by
this section that here it is in contemplation that
these Indian lands shall become public lands,
and this section makes a grant to this railroad
corporation in such case. Let this bill become
a law, and this corporation will go to work at
once to procure a treaty from these Indians to
obtain this land, and then it will go to the com-
pany. If there is no such purpose, there can
be no objection to striking out the ninth sec-
tion. It will remove much of my objection to
the bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. 1 bope it will not be
done. The Indian right is sufficiently secured.
You will protect the Indian by building the
railroad. You cannot build the railroad until
the Indian gives his consent by treaty anyhow;
it is utterly impossible; and after we have the
lands, it only proposes then that the right to
alternate sections shall attach after treaty stip-
ulations are obtained. The Indians want these
railroads just as much as we want them. It is
just as much to the advantage of the Indian as
of the white man to have these railroads, and
I hope the section will not be stricken out.
Mr. CRAGIN. It has come to my knowl-
edge during the session that there have been
parties about "Washington here anxious for some
way to get hold of these Indian lands. In the
first place there has been a very strong effort
to organizea territorial government in the Ter-
ritory, a sort of Indian territorial government,
with a Governor and other officers appointed
by the President, and men have been laboring
hero to secure that object; and the whole pur-
pose has been, in my judgment, in order that
they may get a foothold in the Territory to ob-
tain the lands there. There is such a purpose.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomcs the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 513.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator
from Maine will give me two minutes to close
this bill. This is the sixth morning we have
had it ud. I will not ask over two minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If I yield it will be
breaking in upon the rule I have laid down.
Mr. HENDERSON. I only ask about two
minutes. We are now about to vote.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I presume there is to
be no further debate to any considerable ex-
tent on this bill. I want to dispose of it in
some way or other. If it is the pleasure of-the
Senate to give this kind of a grant, very well;
but I should like to have it disposed of. I hope
the Senator from Maine will let it be disposed
of. I suggest that the other business be laid
aside informally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
of the day can be laid aside by common con-
sent only, without a vote. No objection being
interposed, the order of the day is laid aside.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No,sir; I cannot agree
to have it laid aside except informally for a few
moments.
Mr. HENDERSON and Mr. POMEROY.
That is all wo ask.
Mr. FESSENDEN. - If it is to go over in-
formally for a few moments, I shall not object.
Mr. HENDERSON. That is all I ask.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the other bill takes
over five minutes, I must insist on going on with
the tax bill.
Mr. HENDERSON. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. No objec-
tion being made, the order of the day will be
laid aside temporarily.
Mr. CRAGIN. I have no special purpose
to defeat this bill. As I was saying, there
were parties here very anxious to get a foot-
hold in this Territory in order to obtain these
lands. I do not charge that that is the pur-
pose of this bill for this company; but it must
be perfectly clear to every one that if this bill
becomes a law it then at once becomes the
interest of the company to obtain these lands
under this ninth section. I am opposed to
their obtaining the lands under any circum-
stances whatever. The Indians, as I believe,
are willing to grant the right of way to these
railroads. I am, for one, willing that they
should grant thus much; but the moment they
begin to give lands, or the Government buys
these lands of them by treaty in order to give
them to these railroad corporations, that mo-
ment seals the doom of tho Indian tribes and
nations in that Territory, and they will be
driven from there ultimately and become ex-
tinguished upon this continent. I am utterly
opposed to doing anything here that shall give
anything more than the simple right of way
through this country, and that only with the
consent of the Indian tribes.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to strike out the ninth
section of the bill.
The motion was not agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed.
steamboat inspection law.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Chandler, Mr. Edmotps, and Mr. Nes-
mjth as the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses on the amendments of the Sen-
ate to the bill (H. R. No. 477) further to pro-
vide for tho safety of the lives of passengers
on boax'd of vessels propelled in whole or in
part by steam, to regulate the salaries of steam-
boat inspectors, and for other purposes.
paris universal exhibition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Harris, Mr. Cragijj, and Mr. Gctiikie as
the committee of conference on the part of the
Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the
joint resolution (H. R. No. 52) to provide for
the expenses attending the exhibition of the
products of industry of the United States at the
Exposition at Paris in 1867.
house bills referred.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred to the
Committee on Claims:
A bill (H. R. No. 694) for the relief of
Pitcher & Hayford, and Otis Ferguson, of Bel-
fast, Maine:
_ A bill (H. R. No. 695) for the relief of Wil-
liam H. Wheeler, of Bangor, Maine;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 119) for the
relief of Isaac Ramsey, internal revenue col-
lector for the eighth district of Ohio ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) for the
