THE CONGRESSIONAL GI,QBE-
January 22,
thia .neasure which I desire, and that is that the
bili shall be ordered to be printed, and the ques-
tion postponed to some day this week, as early
as you please, so that when we are called on to
vote we may do so after argument on the im-
portant issue presented. We want the bill
printed, and we want an opportunity to debate
these questions; and it remains with the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, occupying the atti-
tude he does, whether he shall force it upon us
without debate, and without the measure being
printed.
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to allow me to sajea word.
Mr. ROGERS. Does the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield to me?
- Mr. STEVENS. I yield to the gentleman
from New Jersey, who is a member of the com-
mittee.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, I present the
minority report on this matter by the consent
of the whole committee.
Mr. STEVENS. After my colleague on the
committee has discussed this question as much
as he desires, if we can have the previous ques-
tion called, I am willing that the bill shall be
postponed until to-morrow, and ordered to be
printed.
Mr. ROGERS. I am ready to say what I
have to say now. if the House is ready.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for the purpose of
allowing the gentleman from New .Jersey to
proceed.
Mr. CHANLER. Before my friend from
New Jersey proceeds, I want that this matter
may be put right upon the record.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman from
New Jersey to suspend for a moment and allow
me to make a suggestion to fix a day certain,
to-morrow or some other day, to which this mat-
ter shall be postponed.
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. CHANLER. I object unless (he gentle-
man yield unconditionally, because it carries
with it a previous personal arrangement made
by one gentleman on this side with the leader
of the House on the other side.
Mr. ROGERS. Ihavemadeno suchairange-
ment.
Mr. CHANLER. I want that statement made,
so that wo may understand on this side of the
House how far members in opposition to this
movement are committed by any arrangement
on the part of the gentleman from New Jersey.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot take
up the time of the gentleman from New Jersey
without his consent
Mr. ROGERS. f will say to the gentleman
from New York thai T am as much in favor as
he can be of having this matter fully discussed.
Mr. CHANLER. [ take thatforgranled.
Mr. ROGERS. As I was on the committee
and submitted the report from the minority, I
desire to state to the House the reasons why I
appose this amendment to the Constitution of
-he United States.
Mr. CHANLER. As T understand, the gen-
tleman from New Jersey is allowed to take the
floor on an arrangement with the chairman of
the reconstruction committee.
Mr. SCHENCK. The gentleman from New
Jei sey has \ ielded to me and not to the gentle-
man from New Yoik.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not yield to the gen-
tleman from New York.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York objects to the gentleman from New Jer-
sey yielding unless he yields unconditionally.
Mr. CHANLER. I make the point of order
that it is not in order for the gentleman from
Ohio to make a point of order and then to make
an explanation.
Mr. K01TEXCK. That is what the gentle-
man isdoing. [Laughter.] Therefore the gen-
tleman is out of order.
Mr. CHANLER. 1 knowT am out o'* order,
and the gentleman from Ohio is out of order.
Mr. SCHENCK. Jf the gentleman from
New Jersey will yield the floor I will make a
suggestion.
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
say to the House there ought to be, at some
time and to some extent, opportunity afforded
to consider any amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, in ev ry word and phrase,
so that we may understand how it will affect
that important instrument. In this important
amendment the chairman of the J udiciary Com-
mittee [Mr. Wilson, of Iowa] says that, as he
can catch the words of the amendment, it is
about the same as one that committee was about
to propose. We ought not to pass upon a bill
of which we can only catch the words, espe-
cially an amendment of that sacred instrument,
the Constitution of the United States.
I say that something equivalent to this ought
to pass—I shall give it my entire hearty con-
currence—but at the same time I hope to see
it made the special order for to-morrow if you
please, and from day to day until disposed of,
having it in the mean time printed, that we may
observe carefully and weigh understandingly
the import and meaning of every word of the
resolution.
Now, sir, I have offered myself an amend-
ment to the Constitution, which was referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, and this
proposes a modification which will probably
accomplish the same object which I intended,
freed from certain objections arising out of
inequality of numbers of the male adults in the
several States. I am iuelined to think, with-
out having had an opportunity of looking par-
ticularly into this amendment, that I shall agree
to it as a modification and accept it cheerfully
in lieu of that which 1 myself proposed. But
I would at least desire to have an opportunity
of looking into it, in order to see whether I can
so accept or accede to it.
1 therefore suggest to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that he do not call
the previous question to-day, but reserve the
right to call it. and that he fix some hour to-
morrow at. which this shall be made the special
order, having it in the mean time printed, and
making it the special order from day to day
until disposed of; eithei calling the previous
question after there has been some debute, or
permit the debate to run on until it is itself ex-
hausted. 1 think it will probably be found ne-
cessary to call the previous question after some
debate on the subject ■a hen boi.il sides have
been heard. 1, for one, have no objection to
that; but give us some time to look into it, if
it be only half a day
M r. STEVENS. My purpose, after the gen-
tleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rockijk) and
some members on our side have delivered their
views upon the jointresolution. was to postpone
its further consideration till to-morrow and have
it printed. Then 1 design to fix some time to-
morrow when 1 shall move the previous question.
That was my intention ; and unless the House
shotild think unfavorably of it i shall follow that
course. So, then, after the gentleman from
New Jersey and the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Conkltng] shall have spoken, I intend to
move to postpone its .--further consideration till
to-morrow, and have it printed. Then T mean
to say that I shall not consent to a general run-
ning deb tie. as it will be a sure way to defeat
it by amendments.
Mr. CHANLER. I rise to a point of order,
that the chairman of the committee has no right
to exclude a member of the minority of the
committee from producing and debating a mi-
nority report on the floor of tins House; in
other words, that a member of the committee
has a right to debate the question under the
rule.
The SPEAKER. A member of the commit-
tee is on the floor now proposing to debate it.
! The Chair recognized him. without knowing of
| any arrangement in the committee, under the
| usage of the House, which is. that members of
I the committee shall have preference in speaking,
j Mr. CIIANLER. The Chairwill excuse me
j for reiterating the fact that the chairman of the
i committee asserted that such an arrangement
; was made, and 1 yitided under llnit arrange-
I merit.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] is recognized, and not the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Chanler.]
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman from
New Jersey to yield for the purpose of having
an amendment that I offer read.
Mr. ROGERS. I yield for the purpose of
having it read, but not for debate.
The SPEAKER. It will be read for in-
formation.
The Clerk read the proposed amendment of
Mr. Sloan, as follows:
That the following article be proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid
to all intents and purposes as a part of said Constitu-
tion, namely:
Akticm XIII.
Sec. 1. Representatives in Congress shall be ap-
portioned among the several States which may be in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
number of qualified electors. The actual enumera-
tion shall be made in the year 1870, and within every
subsequent term of ten years, in such manner as
Congress shall by law direct.
See. 2. Direct taxes shall be apportioned among
the several States according to the appraised value of
taxable property therein respectively. The rule of
appraisement of taxation shall be uniform.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rouees]
yield a moment? *
Mr. ROGERS. I will.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I under-
stand perfectly well the power of the chairman
of the committee who reported this amendment,
and how he derives that power. It is simply
through the will of the majority of this House,
and to that majority I have a word to say. We
desire that we shall have time to look into this
subject, and 1 ask of the gentleman who intro-
duced this joint, resolution that he will consent
that the consideration of the subject shall be
postponed until Thursday next, then to be made
the special order from day to day until disposed
of. In the mean time it will be printed. This
is precipitate action that is proposed. I call it
precipitate, for until I heard the resolution read
1 knew nothing of it; nor do I think many mem-
bers of the House knew of it. The country is
totally unaware of the proposition. I hope,
therefore, that the chairman of the committee
will assent to a postponement, so that, we may
have at least an opportunity of seeing what it
is and considering it.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I ask the gentleman
from New Jersey to yield to me for a moment
to allow me to make a personal explanation as
to my absence from the House on Thursday
last when the final vote was taken on the pas-
sage of the District of Columbia suffrage bill.
Mr. ROGERS. I will yield for that purpose.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. In the report of the
proceedings of the House in the Baltimore Sun
the following note appears appended to the re-
port ;
"Note.—Owing to the great confusion on the floor
of the House last evening, Mr. John L. Thomas, of
Maryland, was understood to have voted against tho
negro suffrage bill; although he voted on the previous
question he did not vote on the bill, being absent from
the Halt when ttie vote was taken."
That statement, without any further allusion
to it on my part, subjects me to misconstruc-
tion, and intimates that 1 shirked a responsi-
bility which I am always ready and willing to
meet.
I will state that in the afternoon of that day
I was in the receipt of two communications
which made it absolutely necessary for me to
leave the city in the Annapolis train, which left
at thirty-five minutes after four, to attend to
business of my constituents on matters equally
important to them as the suffrage bill.
Anxious to vote on the several propositions,
I came to the House on the afternoon of that
day and voted to lay the bill upon the table,
which I considered a test question. I voted
also against the proposition of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hale] for qualified suf-
frage. and then I turned my head to the clock
and found that it wanted only ten minutes of the
starting time of the Annapolis train, and I left.
