1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3337
relief of Caroline A. Randall, administratrix
and widow of Charles B. Kandall, deceased.
southern kansas kajluoad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the amendment of the House of
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 145) for a
grant of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of the Northern Kansas rail-
road and telegraph.
Mr. POMEiiOY. I should like to have that
lie upon the table for a few moments until it
can be examined. I move that it lie on the
table.
The motion'was agreed to.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (PI. II. No. lifil) to reorganize and es-
tablish the Army of the United States;
A bill (PI. II. No. G98) granting an increase
of pension to Mrs. Mercio E. Scattergood;
A bill (H. R. No. 099) for the relief of
James L. Perham;
A bill (PI. R. No. 700) for the benefit of
John W, Jones;
A bill (IT. R. No. 701) granting a penBion
to Mrs. Imogene Buckingham, of Edgar county,
Illinois;
A bill (H. R. No. 702) granting pension to
Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed ;
A bill (H. R. No. 703) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch;
A bill (IT. R. No. 701) for the relief of Joel
Farley ; and
A bill (IT. R. No. 705) for the relief of
George W. Bush.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 200) for the relief of Jane
'Harris;
A bill (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs.
Jerusha Witter;
A bill (S. No. 208) granting a pension to
Jane D. Brent;
A bill (S. No. 32(3) granting a pension to
Mrs. Harriet B. Crocker;
A bill (S. No. 339) granting a pension to Ben-
jamin Franklin ;
A bill (S. No. 342) for the benefit of Ira B.
Curtis ;
A bill (S. No. 375) to amend an act granting
a pension to the widow of the late Major Gen-
eral Hiram G. Berry ; and
A bill (S. No. 381) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and revenue-cutters," approved April
20, 1806.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the
following bills with amendments to each, in
which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate:
A bill (S. No. 180) for the relief of A.J.
Gray ;
A bill (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Mrs. Amarilla Cook;
A bill (S. No, 275) for the relief Cornelius
Crowley j and
A bill (S. No. 330) making further provision
for the establishment of an armory and arsenal
of construction, deposit, and repair at Ilock
Island, in the State of Illinois.
enrolled bills signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bill and joint resolution ;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 225) for the relief of the
Amoskeag Manufacturing Company; and
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) for the
restoration of Lieutenant Commander Richard
L. Law, United States Navy, to the active list
from the reserved list.
internal taxation.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (II. R.
No. olB) to reduce internal taxation and to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on tho public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 18G-1, and acts
amendatory thereof.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the bill,
beginning with the tenth section, as follows :
Sec. 10. And be it further enacted, That sections two,
five, eight, nine, ten, and twelve of tho act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled ' An act to provide
internal revenue to support tho Government, to pay
interest on the public debt, and lor other purposes,'
approved June 30,1804," approved March 3,18(55, be,
and the same arc hereby, repealed.
The Committee on Financc proposed to
amend this section in line two by striking out
the word " ton.1'
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert at the end of section ten the following:
t That scetion six of the act of March 3,1805, entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to support tho
(to\ eminent, to pay inteiest on tho public debt, and tor
other purposes," approved JuncoU, 1861, be amended
by striking out all after the enacting clause and
inserting in lieu thereof the following: that every
national bank association, State bank, or State bank-
ing association shall pay a tax of ten per cent, on
the amount of notes of uny person, State bank, or
State banking association used for circulation and
paid out by them aftei the 1st d:ty of July. 1 SOT, and
such tax shall be assessed and paid in such manner as
shall be prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue.
That section fourteen of the same act shall be
amended b.vslrikingout all after the enacting clause
and inseifing in lieu theieof the following: thai,
the capital oi'anv State hank or banking association
which has ceased or shall cca-^e to ex-ist, orwhich has
been or shall he converted into a national bank, for
all the purposes of the act to which thi* W an amend-
ment. shall bo assumed to be the capital as it existed
immediately befoic such bank ceased to exist, or was
conveited as aforesaid; and whenever the outstand-
ing circulation of any bank, association, corporation,
company, or person shall be reduced to an amount
not exceeding five cent, of the ehai tered or declaied
capital existing at the time the same was issued, said
eireulationshail be free from taxation; andwhencver
any bank which has ceased to issue notes lor eireula-
tionshail deposit in the Treasury of the United States,
in lawful money, the amount of its outstanding cir-
culation, to be redeemed at par under such regula-
tions as the Secretary of the Treasury shall presei ibe,
it shall be exempt from any tax upon such eirculn tion ;
and whenever any State bank or banking association
has been converted into a national banking associa-
tion, and such national banking association has as-
sumed the liabilities of such State bank or banking
association, including the redemption of its bills, or
by any agreement or understanding whatever with
the representatives of such State bank or banking
association, shall use the bills of such State bank or
banking association, such national banking associa-
tion shall be held to make the required return and
payment on the circulation outstanding, so long as
such circulation shall exceed live per cent, of the
capital before such conveision of such State banker
banking association.
That an act entitled "An act to declare tho mean-
ing of certain parts of the internal revenue act, ap-
proved June HO, 1801, and for other purpo^,"' ap-
proved March 10,18(50, be amended by striking out
sections thiee, tour, and five of said a«-t and insert-
ing in lieu ihei cof the follow Iom : that it shall be the
duty of all poisons required to make returns or IwN
of income and articles or objects charged with an in-
ternal tax, to declarein such returns or li-tswhether
the several rates and amounts therein contained are
stated according to their values in legal-tender cur-
rency, or according to their values in coined money;
and in case of neglect oi refusal so to declare to the
satisfaction of the assistant assessor receiving such
returns or lists, such assistant assessor is hereby re-
quired to make returns or lists for such persons so
neglecting or refusing, as in cases of persons neglect-
ing or refusing to make the returns or lists required
by the acts aforesaid, and to assess the duty thereon,
and to add thereto the amount of penalties imposed
by law in cases of such neglect or refusal. Andwhen-
ever the rates and amounts contained in the returns
or list? as aforesaid shall be stated in coined money,
it shall be tho duty of each a^essor receiving the
sametoreduccsueh rates and amounts to their equiv-
alent in legal-tender currency, according to the value
of such coined money in said currency for the time
covered by said returns. And the lists required by
law to be furnished to collectors by assessors shall in
all cases contain the several amounts of taxes or
duties assessed, estimated, or valued in legal-tender
currcncy only.
Mr. FERSENDEN. There are some slight
amendments that should be made to that amend-
ment. In line ten after the words "an act to"
the words u amend an act entitled 1 An act to? "
should be inserted ; in line thirty-three the
word "per" should be inserted before "cent;"
in line seventy-one the word "duty" should be
be stricken outand "tax" inserted ; and in line
eighfy-one the words "or duties" should be
stricken out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those cor-
rections will be made. The question is on t'he
amendment of the committee as thus amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. 11. be it further enacted, That from and
alter the passage of this act the articles and prod-
ucts hereinafter enumerated shall be exempt from
internal tax or duty: alum; aluminum; aluminous
cake, patent alum, sulphate of alumina, and cobalt;
aniline and aniline colors; aniuial charcoal, or car-
bon; anvils; articles manufactured in institutions
for the blind, and in institutions for the deaf and
dumb, which are sold to aid in their support, or the
support of tho pupils; barrels and casks other than
those used lor the reception of fluids; packing boxes
made of wood; and boxes of wood or paper for fric-
tion matches, cigar-lights, and wax tapers; beeswax,
crude or unrefined; bichromate of potash; bleaching
powders; blue vitriol; borax, and boracicacid; brass
not more advanced than rods or sheets; brick, fire-
brick, draining-tilcs, cement, drain and sewer pipes,
and earthen and stone water-pipes; bristles; brooms
made from corn, brush, or palm-leaf; building stono
of all kinds, including slate, marble, freestone, and
soapstone, and rock, ground and calcined gypsum;
bunting and Hags of tho United States, and banners
made of bunting of domestic manufacture; burr-
stones, millstones, and grindstones, rough or wrought;
candle wicking; coffins and burial cases; copperas;
copper, lead, and tin, in ingots, pigs, or bars; copper
'and yellow sheathing metal, not nun e advanced than
rods or sheets; crates, and grain or farm baskets
made of splints; crucibles of all kinds; crutches and
artificial limbs, eyes, and teeth; door skins, dressed
or smoked; leather beds, mattresses, palliases, bol-
steis, and pillows; fcrtilr/.eis of all kinds; ilasks and
patterns used by founders; flavoiing extracts solely
for cooking purposes; german silver in bars or sheets;
gold loaf and gold foil: hemp and jure prepared for
textile or telting puiposes; hulls of ships and other
vessels; illuminating gas manufactured by educa-
tional institutions tor their own use exclusively;
iron bridges, and castings for uon bridges; keys,
actions, and strings for musical instruments; lith-
arge and orange mineial; machines diiven by horao
power and used exclusively for (jutting fire-wood,
staves, and shingle bolts, and hand saws ; magne-
sium, calcined magnesia, and carbonate of magne-
sia; malleablo iron castings, unfinished; manganese;
masts, spars, ship and vessel blocks, and treenail
wedges, and deck plugs; medicinal and mineral
wateis, of all kinds, sold in bottles or from fountains;
mills and machinery for the manufacture of sugar,
sirup, and molasses from sorghum, imphee, beets, and
coin; mineral coal of all kinds; monuments of stono
of all kinds, not oxcecdmg in value the sum of ^100:
Pfov'uled, That monuments exceeding the value afore-
said, erected by public or private contubutions to
commemorate the scrvicc of Union soldiers who havo
fallen in battle, shall be exempt from taxation; mould-
ings lor looking-glasses and picture frames; muriatic,
nitric, and acetic acids; nickel, quicksilver, and so-
dium; nitrate of lead; oakum; original paintings,
statues, and groups of statuary and casts made thereof
by the artist from the original designs: oxide oi zinc;
paints, painter's and paper stamot's colors; paper of
all descriptions, except such as is manufactured and
used exclusively for wearing apparel; books, maps,
charts, and all printed matter, and book-binding;
pa rath no; paraftine oil, not exceeding in specific grav-
ity thirty-six degrees Baurnc's hydrometer, the prod-
uct of a residuum of distillation; lubricating oil made
fiom crude petrolc um, coal, or shale not oxccc ding m
spociiic gravity thirty-six degrees Uaurae's hydrom-
eter; crude petroleum, and crude oil the product
of the first and single distillation of coal, shale, as-
phaltum, peat, or other bituminous substances^ pho-
tographs or any other sun picture, being copies of
engravings or works ot art, when the same aro sold
by tho producer at wholesale at a price not exceed-
ing fifteen emits each, or arc used for the illustration
oi books; pickles when sold by the gallon and not
contained in glass packages; pig-iron; muck bar;
blooms, slabs, and loops; plows, cultivators harrows,
straw and hay cutters, planters, seed-drills, horse-
rakes, hand-rakes, cotton-gins, grain-cradles, and
winnowmg-mills; pot and pcail ashes; productions
of stereo!ypois,lithographers, engravers,and electro-
typers; putty; quinine, morphine, and other vegeta-
ble alkaloids, and phosphorus; railroad iron, and
railroad iron rerolled; railroad chairs; railroad, boat,
and ship spikes; ax polls; iron axles; shoes for
horses, mules, and oxen ; rivets, horseshoe nails, nuts,
washers, and bolts; vises, iron chains, and anchors,
when such articles are made ol wrought iron which
has previously paid the tax or duty assessed thereon;
reapers, mowers, threshing-machines, and separators;
corn-shcllersand wooden-ware; repairs of articles of
all kinds; Roman and water cements, and lime; roof-
ing slate, slabs, and tiles ; saleratus, sal soda, caustic
soda, crudc.5oda, alumino-silicato of soda; aluminate
of soda; bicarbonate of soda; and silicate of soda;
sails, tents, awnings, and bags made by sewing from
fabrics or othci ai tides upon which a duty or tax had
been paid: and bags made of paper; salts of tin;
siiex used in the manufacture of glass; soap, valued,
at not above three cents per pound; spelter; spindles
and castings of all descriptions made specially for
locks or for machinery, and not sold or used for any
