1866.
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GL(>m
\
1 desire to say that when I left this Hall, it was
with no intention of evading the issue, of that
bill; because I had place,d myself upon the rec-
ord, as I thought, fairly and squarely against ne-
gro suffrage, either qualified or universal, and
I desire now to ask the consent of the House to
allow me, under these circumstances, to record
my vote against the passage of the bill.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that,
under the rule of the House, unanimous consent
cannot be given. The rule adopted by the last
Congress requires a member who records his
vote to be in his seat during the roll-call, and if
he is not in during the roll-call, the Chair cannot
entertain a proposition to ask unanimous con-
sent for him to vote.
Mr. J. L. THOMAS. I will state, then, that
if I had been present when the vote was taken,
I should have voted against the passage of the
bill.
Mr. WHALBY. I hope the House will in-
dulge me while I state that had I been present
when the bill was passed extending suffrage in
the District of Columbia I should certainly have
voted against it.
■ Mi\ FARNSWORTH. I desire to obtain
some information in regard to that*rule relating
to voting.
.The SPEAKER. The Chair will answer any
question the gentleman may put.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. If J understand aright
two thirds of the House can suspend the rules,
and if two thirds of the House can consent to a
man's voting, cannot tho whole House do it?
The SPEA KE It. It cannot, because the rule
is laid down in specific terms. The gentleman
from Illinois has been a member of the House
for many years, and he knows that the rules can
only be suspended on Mondays after the morn-
ing hour, and when no other business is pond-
ing before the House. A joint resolution is
now pending on which the gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogeus] is entitled to the floor.
If the House should pass from its considera-
tion before the adjournment, then a motion to
suspend the rules l'or this or any other purpose
would be in order. It would not be in order
except in that contingency.
BASIS Of REPRESENTATION.
Mr. ROGERS. Mr. Speaker, in order that
[ may be placed right with regard i o the posi-
tion which I took in the committee upon this
question, I state to the House that there was no
agreement upon my part, either express or im-
plied, that this debate should be confined to
any particulamumber of persons on either side,
and I am here upon tho Democratic theory that
a question of this importance ought not to be
passed upon by this House without allowing all
persons upon both sides full opportunity for
debate.
Sir, this is a question different from those
which have usually been brought to the atten-
tion of the people of this country. It is the
first time since the formation of the Government
of the United States that any proposition of this
kind or of a similar character has ever been
offered to the House of Representatives or to
the people of tho United States for their ratifi-
cation. It is a proposition to change the organic
law of the land with regard to one of the fun-
damental principles which was laid down by our
fathers at the formation of the Constitution as
an axiom of civil and political liberty, that tax-
ation and representation should always go to-
gether. If gentlemen will examine this pro-
posed amendment of the Gonstirniion they will
see that it is in violation of that great doctrine
which was proclaimed by the fathers of the Re-
public when they enunciated the Declaration of
Independence, and protested aaainst the tyr-
anny and despotism of England, because she
attempted to tax the people of the colonics
without allowing them representation in the
councils of the kingdom. The amendment now
under consideration proposes the very same
identical tiling that the Parliament of England
proposed when it attempted to inflict upon the
American colonies taxation without allowing
the people of the colonies to have repro^enta-
39th Coxa. 1st Sbss.—Ko. 23.
tives in the Parliament of England to represent
them upon the question whether they should be
taxed by the mother country or not.
When the Constitution of the United States
was made, our fathers, in pursuance of the ob-
ject of the Revolution, and in tho exercise of
their wisdom, embodied in it the doctrine that
representation should not be based upon the
voting population of the country, but that it
should be solely and wholly based upou the
numbers of the people, without regard to sex
or color, adding to those who were persons and
citizens within the meaning of the organic law
a representation for three fifths of the slave pop-
ulation of this country.
This joint resolution now under considera-
tion contains a proviso which saps the very
foundation and principles upon which the ge-
nius and institutions of this country have rested
from the commencement of its political exist-
ence. The proviso reads:
Provided, That whenever the elective franchise
shall be denied or abridged in any State on aeeoant
of race or color, alt persons of such raeo or color shall
bo excluded from the basis of representation. .
In other words, it inflicts upon the States a
penalty for refusing to the colored population
an unqualified right of suffrage which it does
not inflict upon them for refusing the same thing
to the white population. While it denies repre-
sentation to the States for their negroes, it in-
flicts upon them taxation without representa-
tion, and in that indirect way compels the States
to adopt unqualified negro suffrage in order to
allow them their rights under the present or-
ganic law.
Tho first objection I have to the passage of
this joint resolution is that it is violati\e of
the main principle upon which the revolution-
ary war was conducted, and which induced our
fathers to enter the harbors of Boston and Now
York and throw the tea into the water. Be-
cause tho British people attempted to inflict
taxation upon them with regard to that tea, and
refused to allow them representation in the Par-
liament of England, our fathers rebelled against
their mother country. The present organic law
has existed for more than seventy-five ye'ars,
until it brought the people of this country to a
state of prosperity at home and consideration
abroad never exceeded and scarcely paralleled
in the history of the world. Under it liberty
was secured; private rights undisturbed; every
man's house was his castle, and the principles
of liberty were handed down to the descendants
of the Revolution upon the basis that governed
their action; and uutilthewar power, imbedded
in usurpation, trampled it under foot, it was a
safe and sure bulwark of liberty and barrier
against despotism and tyranny.
" "Woodman, spaie that, tree,
Touch not, a, single bough,
In youth it sheltered me,
And I'll Protect it now."
The present organic law provides that—■
"Kepro^entativcs and direct taxes ~'taM la: nppor-
tloned anions the several States \Uncb na v '-><■ u;
eluded withm thi-, Tiiimi a ariina to their ya.-iaa! \a |
ninii'aaa v, iiieli shall be determined by addiir; tutlie
v.!:oi ■' niimba'ot'lree person*, ineludiiri' those bound
to service lor a term oi yeai>:, and excluding Indians
not taxed, three tilths of all utlier persons.
isow, I ask this House what has happened
since the adoption of it by the different States
who were then within the Union that now calls
for the adoption of a principle which nowhere
in the lines, spirit, words, or letter of it, has
any standing or countenance. What lias come
over the fortunes and happiness of the people
of this country that the great principle of the
Constitution should now- be violated, that prin-
ciple for which our fathers spilt their blood to
sustain the great axiom of American liberty,
that taxation never should be imposed upon a
people unless that people have a corresponding
representation? If this amendment to the Con-
stitution should be carried into effect, it will
prevent any State, Xorthor South, from allow-
ing qualified suffrage to its colored population
except upon forfeiture of representation: and
if qualified suffrage should, be allowed to the
colored population of anv State in this Union
on account of race or color, and but one single
negro-should be'cfeprlved of ttsVote'By &ilu!ee
to meet the requirements of tb® qnaliliijattan
imposed, that State -woitld be dented- repre-
sentation for the whole of that colored' popular'
tion, men, women, and children* This proviso
says: - ,
That whenever tho elective franchise shall be
denied or abridged in any State on account of raeo
or color, all persons of such raeo or color shall he
excluded from the basis of representation.
What does the word "abridge" mean? It
means that if the State of Kentucky, South Car-
olina, or New Jersey should see fit to allow to
its colored population the right of suffrage upon
a qualification based upon property, or intelli-
gence, or any other qualification which they did
not impose upon the white people, each one of
those States would be deprived of representa-
tion for every colored man, woman, and child
in that State. Take tho State of Massachusetts
for example; in that State every negro who
comes within the qualifications prescribed for
white persons is entitled to exercise the right
of suffrage. In New York the negro cannot
exercise the right of suffrage unless he owns
$250 .worth of property. So that Massachu-
setts would have representation for every man,;
woman, and child of her colored population,
^hilajdie great Empire State of New York, who
in her wisdom has seen fit to forbid voting to
negroes except they possess a certain amount
of property, would not be allowed any repre-
sentation for any one of her colored population,
because within the meaning of this amendtrient
it would be au abiidgmcul of the elective fran-'
cliise to negroes, on account of race or color, ■
to place any qualifications upon them to entitle
them to vote not imposed upon the white
people.
Why. sir, this will drive—and this is tho only
object of the proposition—every State in this
Union, except where the negroes are in the ma-
jority, to allow to the negroes within the States
unqualified suffrage to save them from the pen-
alty annexed to their refusal to concur in this
dogma of the party in power, unqualified negro
suffrage. The only object and the only effect of
the lull are to induce the States, in order to
secure their rightfulrepresentation on this floor,
to allow to the negro unqualified suffrage, with-
out any condition or qualification, without re-
gard to the degree of intelligence or education
which lie may possess. The State that attempts
to require any qualification of one single negro
to vote will, under this amendment, be de-
prived of representation for every man, woman,
and child of the color or race of tho person who
may have qualified suffrage unless the same con-
ditions are imposed upon white people.
More than that: this bill attempts, in an indi-
rect manner, to have passed upon by the Legis-
latures of the different States a question which
the party in power dare not boldly and openly
meet before the people of this country, because
thorn can be but one object lying at the founda-
tion of this bill—an object which has been ex-
plained and expatiated upon in this House—■
and that object, as I have said, is, through the
Federal power, to force the States to adopt un-
qualified negro suffrage, by holding over them
the penalty of being deprived of representation
according to population.
What is there more democratic and repub-
lican in the institutions of this country than
that the people of all classes, without regard to
whether they are voters or not. white or black,
who make up the intelligence, wealth, and pa-
triotism of tho country, shall be represented in
the councils of the nation? Every man in this
House knows perfectly well in the several
Stales a person under the age of twenty-one
years cannot vote, unnaturalized citizens can-
not vote, and the whole class of females, consti-
tuting nearly one half of the population of this
country, cannot vote: yet for these persons the
States are entitled to representation. Yet, be-
cause there are in certain Suites negroes, men
of an inferior race, men who by ihe laws of
God are stamped vbh ;<n inferiority so indeli-
ble that nothing can wipe it out, it is proposed
that such States shall only enjoy their full right
