186a
THE CONGRESSIONAL GSLQEEl
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from Kentucky, was recognized bj the
Ghair,andis entitled to.the floor.
entomological collection.
Mr.. GUTHRIE. I am directed by the
Committee on Agriculture, to whom was -re-
ferred the joint resolution (H. R. No. 198)
authorizing the purchase- of a certain collection
or musenni and the transfer of certain ftmd-s
therefor by the Commissioner of Agriculture,
to report ifc back, without amendment, and I
desire to-have it acted,upon now.
There being np objection, the Senate, as, in
Committee of Whole, proceeded to oonsiderthe
resolution. It authorizes the Commissioner of
Agriculture to purchase of Townsend Glover,
entomologist of the Department of Agriculture,
his collection consisting of specimens-of natural
history, including modeled, fruits, vegetables,
fungi, ruptilia; also glass cases of porcelain
and other flowers, colored plates of insects,
noxious and useful, mode of. classification, and,
many other articles and specimens too nnr
merous to mention, but mor.e particularly
specified in his communication, dated May
15, 1866, addressed to the chairman of the
Committee on Agriculture of the House of
Representatives; but the Commissioner is to
find the same to be a valuable acquisition to
the Department of Agriculture, and desirable
at the price- for which the same can be ob-
tained, which is not to exceed the sum of
$10,000; and no purchase is to be made unless
it shall be found that the gum. required for the
purchase can be spared from the appropria-
tions made by Congress for the support of the
Department of Agriculture for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 18G7, in which case-the Com-
missioner'is authorized to transfer theamount
necessary from the appropriations, making due
returns thereof to the Secretary of th.e Treas-
ury. y
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall object to the
consideration of that resolution. It has just
been reported.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator from Ken-
tucky has had it for some days in his posses-
sion, ready to report.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I have been trying to re-
port it for two or three days, but I have always
been unable to catch the eye of the Chair.
. Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose it can only
be read once to-day.
The PRESIDIN G OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) Does the Senator object?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to discharge the
Committee on Agriculture from the further con-
sideration of the resolution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object to its consid-
eration. The Senator from Kentucky asked
leave to report it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Then I move that the
committee be discharged from its further con
sideration. That will enable the_ Senate to
consider it. I hope the Senate will agree to
consider it and dispose of it now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it a waste of
the public money.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am willing to discuss it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I interpose my objec-
tion.
Mr. SHERMAN. My motion to discharge
the committee from its further consideration
will get rid of that. That dispenses with the
rules and brings the subject before the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. _ The Sena-
tor from Kentucky has reported this resolution
from the committee. The committee are not in
the possession of the resolution ; the resolution
is before the Senate. The report being made
for the first time to-day, and objection being
rrade to the consideration of the resolution, it
; rnnot be acted on to-day.
thomas d. burrall.
Mr, STEWART. I should like to call up a
bill to which there will be no objection. It is
House bill No. 591, for the relief of Thomas
D. Burrall. It is a little bill that has passed
the House of Representatives, and I would be j
very much accommodated if it were allowed-
to pass.
Mr. SUMNER. I have made a motion for
an executive session.
Mr. STIPVART. If the Senator will give
way to allow this bill to be taken up, I shall be
very much obliged to him. A friend of mine
wrote to me specially to have it passed—an old
friend who did me a service when I was a. boy.
I should like to get it up.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it a good bill?
Mr. STEWART. ¥es, sir; a good bill, re-
ported. from the Committee on Patents;
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Senate
has been proceeding with business by unani-
mous consent. There is now, properly, an-
other bill before-the Senate. The Senator from
Nevada can proceed only by unanimous con-
sent. Is there any objection?
Mr. WILSON. I shall object to taking up
any patent bills.
Mr. STEWART. Let it be read, and then
see if you will object.
. The PRESIDING OFFICER. Objection
being made, it cannot be considered.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The treaty with the
Cherokees having been confirmed, I desire to
call up a resolution which I' submitted some
time since, and which is on the table.
Mr. STEWART. I think there is no objec-
tion to my bill now.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
will again put the question : Is there any ob-
jection to the consideration of the bill named
by the Senator from Nevada?
Mr. WILSON. Let it be read, and then
objection can be interposed afterward.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. No objec-
tion being interposed, the bill is before the
Senate and will be read.
The Secretary read it, as follows:
Be itenaetcd,&aThattholetters-patenturanted to
Thomas D. Burrall on the 6th day of December, 184a,
for improvements in corn-shell ers, and which was
extended by tlie Commissioner of Patents, and atter-
ward surrendered and reissued, which reissue bears
date the 10th day of October, 1865, and which will ex-
pire on the 6tli day of December, 1866, be, ana the
same is hereby, extended for the term of seven years,
commencing on the said 6th day of Docember, lb6b,
and ending on tho Oth day of Docember 1873 tor the
benefit of tile said Dun all, his heirs,, and legal ropro-
&outatives upon the conditions hereinafter set iorth.
And the Commissioner of Patents is hereby directed,
upon the presentation of said patent,,aud the pay-
ment of tho fees and charges provided by law, to
extend said patent by making a certihcate thereon,
or upon a certified copy thereof, of such extension
in tho name of the said Thomas I>. Burrall, if m
his judgment, upon full hearing, the same should
be granted. And tho said Commissioner is hereby
further directed tocausesaid extension, U pertocted,
to bo entered on tho record of the Patent Office. And
thcsaidpatcntso extended shall have the same cncct
as if originally granted for the term extending to tho
end of the term to which it is extended by this act:
Provided, however, That said extended patent shall
be open to legal inquiry and decision in the same
manner as if issued under the general law relating
to patents: And provided further, That all persons
enjoy mo- the lawful use of the improvement* secured
by said potent, and the purchaser of any machine so
in use, may continue to use the same as 11 this act
had not passed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. When was that re-
ported?
Mr. STEWART. Two or three weeks ago.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We do not want to pass
any patent bills to-day.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Another sub-
ject being before the Senate, it can only bepro-
ceedcd with by unanimous consent.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I object.
indian relations.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now call up the reso-
lution I submitted some time since declaring
simply the opinion of the Senate on the subject
of our Indian relations, which I deem neces-
sary to declare for its proper effect upon some
of the Indian tribes. It will take but a mo-
merit.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That in tho judgment of the Senate, from
tho relations existing between the Ijmfed States and
the various Indian tribes which by treaty they are
bound to protect from domestic, strife, tno united
States have the right, and it is their duty to intervene
to preserve the peaceand good order oftliosaino, and,
whenever it may beeom® necessary; so- to do, to .sep-
arate hostile parties into distinct nations or. tribes,
and to cause a just diyision of territory to estab-
lish separate and exclusive jurisdictions.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I presume, there-is; Bp-
objection to the resolution, and I ask that it
be put on its passage.
The resolution was adopted.
OJPFICB OE SURVEYOR GENERAL OF IO.WA.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move that the Senate-
proceed to, the consideration of House bill
No. 401.
The motion was agreed toand tfee Senate,
as in-Committee- of the Whole, proceeded- to
consider the bill (JE. R. No., 491)' to remove-
the office of surveyor general of the States of
Iopaand Wisconsin to Plattsmouth, Nebraska.
It provides that it shall be the duty of the Sec-
retary of the Interior, as soon-after the passage
of this act as may be, to cause- the office of
surveyor general of Iowa and Wisconsin to be
removed to Plattsmouth, in the Territory of
Nebraska, and to make the necessary provis-
ions for immediate and effective operations,
and when so removed the- duties and juris-
diction of the surveyor general are-to_ bo co-
extensive with the limits of the Territory of
Nebraska, and include the States of Iowa and-
Wisconsin, and they are to constitute a sur-
veying district.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I move to amend this
bill in line ten by striking out the final "s"
in the word "States," and in line eleven to-
strike out the words "and Wisconsin."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in, and
ordered to be engrossed and the bill to be read
a third time. It was read the third time and
On motion of Mr. WILLIAMS, the- title of
the bill was amended so as to-read, "A bill to
remove the office of surveyor general of tho
State of Iowa to Plattsmouth, Nebraska."
credentials.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the credentials
of Hon. James Harlan, cliosen by the Legis-
lature of lowa as a Senator from that State
for the term commencing March 4, 1867;
which were read and ordered to be filed.
captain james stakkey.
Mr. NORTON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Claims, to whom was referred the
bill (II. R. No. 660) for the relief of Captain
James Starkey, to report it back with a rec-
ommendation that it pass, and to ask for its
present consideration. It is a very short bill
and will take but a moment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Is_there any
objection to the present consideration of the
bill?
Mr. SUMNER. What is it?
Mr. RAMSEY. It is a small claim, only
$100.
Mr FESSENDEN. Let us hear it read.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
hears no objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to hear the bill
read first, so that I may know whether to ob-
ject or not.
The Secretary read the bill, which appro-
priates §100 to pay to James Starkey, late
captain of the St. Paul light cavalry, the
amount by liim paid to Richard Postel, for
the loss of a liorse, killed in a fight with In-
dians in 1857.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is there any written
report with the bill ?
Mr. NORTON. There is a report accom-
panying the bill from the House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it a House bill?
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has it been passed
upon by a committee here? - .
Mr. NORTON. Yes, sir; both here and in
the other House.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What committee? _
Mr. NORTON. The Committee on Claims
of the Senate.
