1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
after line three hundred and eighty-one, to
insert:
Office of Secretary of State:
For publication of the laws, $8,000.
Tor extra elork hire, $8,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
three hundred and ninety, to strike out " one
thousand five hundred," and insert "three
thousand five hundred," so as to read, in the
items of appropriation for the office of the
Attorney General—
For deficiency in appropriation for contingent
expenses, i>3,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
after line three hundred and ninety-three, to
add—
For stationery, furniture, and other contingencies,
and for books and maps for the library of the Inte-
rior Department, $3,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one,
line four hundred and twenty-two, to strike
out the following proviso :
Provided, That in the purchase of carpets for any
of the public buildings or officcs under any appro-
priations herein provided, they shall be of domestic
manufacture.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, in
lines four hundred and thirty-one and four hun-
dred and thirty-two, to strike out the words
"see letter of Commissioner dated October 31,
180-3,'' so that the clause will read:
for making good the a^rc^ate difference between
the original rates of salaries paid the clerks and em-
ployes ot the Census Otlice, before they were aligned
to the (reneral Land Office, from Juno 1 to Decem-
ber ;;l, 18(>3, $-',450 31.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to inquire of
the chairman if the appropriations for the sur-
veys of the public lands are the amounts asked
by the Commissioner. They seem to me very
small for the Territories of Arizona, Dakota,
Colorado, &c.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We took them as they
came from the House. By turning to the esti-
mates for 18o-l the Senator can ascertain.
Mr. POMEROY. There will be another
appropriation bill this year for these purposes.
The next amendment was in section one to
strike out from line five hundred and four to
five hundred and nine, as follows :
To enable the CoinuusMuuei of the General Land
Office to continue the lm estimations which he has
instituted in relation to the mineral resources of the
United St;ites and the minerals, their extent and
locality in the public domain, who shall report his
domes as by law required in relation to other busi-
ness of the General Land Otlice, 45,000.
Mr. JOHNSON". I ask the chairman of the
committee why that clause is proposed to be
stricken out ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a matter that
has grown up in the Land Office; without any
authority of law the Commissioner has under-
taken to examine the matter of minerals and
we thought this legislation would only be the
beginning of a Mineral Bureau, and if we are
going to establish one we had better have it
established regularly.
Mr. JOHNSON. There is no law now for
this?
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no law author-
izing it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The purpose of this
investigation, as 1 understand, is rather to se-
cure to the Commissioner such information as
will enable him to decide what lands are min-
eral and what not. Under the existing laws
and practice he cannot bring into market min-
eral lands. It is very important that the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office should be
allowed to sell such lands as are agricultural,
and lie should have some means of determin-
ing this fact. I am not sure but that this is
ail important appropriation.
5Ir. CON NESS. Let me say to the honor-
able Senator that this appropriation cannot be
applied to Ihe purpose he supposes. The man-
ner i u which the General Land Office determines
whether a given amount of land which it is pro-
posed to sell or bring into market, is mineral
or agricultural, is through the local land office,
and it forms a part of the duties of that office.
The General Land Office will do nothing on
the subject of segregating the mineral lands
from the agricultural land until they get the
information furnished from the local land office
as their data. This class of appropriation
which is now under consideration is one, as the
chairman of the Finance Committee has said,
that has grown up incidentally, and under it
the Commissioner of the General Land Office,
as I have understood, has deputed "persons
from time to time, given them free commis-
sions, to go to Arizona, or to New Mexico, or
somewhere else, to look after mineral lands.
I am not aware thafT any good has ever come
out of it, aud I agree entirely with the sugges-
tion made by the honorable chairman of the
Finance Committee, that the whole matter had
better be left to the organization of a bureau
who shall direct in some manner, I hope wisely,
such investigations as shall be made in that
direction.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not know that I
am in favor of any Mineral Bureau—we have
about bureaus enough; but it is important that
the Commissioner of the General Land Office
should bo able to decide what lands are min-
eral and what are not.
Mr. CONNESS. He cannot do it by this
appropriation.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is of very great im-
portance, because on the supposition that a
section of country is mineral, very large amounts
of agricultural lands are kept out of market to
the prejudice of the country, to the inconven-
ience of persons seeking homes; but as the
Senator from California is much more inter-
ested in it than any othei Senator, except per-
haps the Senator from Nevada, I shall not
uige it.
Mr. STEWART. I do not think an appro-
priation of this kind without having the man-
ner of expending it provided by law would do
us much good. I think a small amount of
money might be well applied to obtaining in-
formation as to what is mineral land and what
is not mineral land, and also as to the mineral
resources of the country; but we should direct
by law what information shall bo obtained and
how it shall be obtained, so that it may have
some authentic character. But $5,000 ex-
pended iu sending persons through the country
to pick up information will do very little good.
There is a bill now before the Committee on
Mines forthe organization of a Mining Bureau,
and in connection with that bill the whole mat-
tor can be discussed. Whether an independ-
ent bureau is necessary or not, I shall not now
say; but I am sure that something should be
done, either by an independent bureau, or in
connection with the Land Office. A system
should be devised whereby a segregation can
be made of the mineral lands from the others,
so is to introduce farming lands into the mar-
ket and also to give us definite information as
to t.ie mines to enable us to legislate hereafter.
There is no doubt that something of this kind
is important, and will be considered before the
adjournment of Congress; but a stray appro-
priation like the one proposed here will not be
of any use in my opinion, and I have no ob-
jection to its being stricken out.
Mr. POMEROY. Jf this is to be stricken
out with a view of getting up a Mining Bureau
I shall not vote to strike it out. I do not be-
lieve a few thousand dollars can be used any
better than in the hands of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office for this purpose.
His office is so organized that without any ad-
ditional expense he can send to every land dis-
trict in the United Stales to get information;
but if you organize an independent bureau it
has to organize its machinery before it can do
anything. Five thousand dollars in the hands
of the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice, who has an organization already in exist-
ence, is worth 825,000 in the hands of a new
bureau which has to organize its whole ma-
chinery. If the object of strifciflg.out this clause,
is to establish a new bureau ! shall vofc~ to*
retain it. '
Mr. STEWART. It means this: that we cm
see no good in appropriating $5,000 or-aire
other sum of money unless the mode of expend-- .
ing it is definitely pointed out. I do not sajr
that any new machinery is necessary; we haw
officers now who can do the business that "is"-
necessary to be done; but I believe that their
duties should be prescribed by law, and then
some good may be derived from an appropria-
tion of money to be expended by them. I do
not think this appropriation of $5,000 in these
general terms will dp us any good.
Mr. POMEROY. As we progress in our
surveys west it bceomes a matter of more and
more interest every year to know what propor-
tion of ohr public lands are mineral and what
are agricultural. Formerly our surveys were
carried on in the prairies where there were no
minerals, and the attention of the surveyor
general and of the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office of necessity was not directed
to the question of minerals; but now our work:
has been prosecuted so far into the mountains
that it becomes a matter of great importance
for the reason that we frequently iind whole
districts of country declared by the surveyor
general to bo mineral, and thereby taken out
of the market, so that settlers under the home-
stead and preemption laws cannot settle on it,
when there is not an acre in a thousand that is
really mineral. The Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office ought to have some means of
ascertaining and deciding that fact. He has
got the machinery all organized; he has a
register and receiver in every district; he has
in his employment persons who can furnish
him with this information at very little ex-
pense. If you get up an independent machin-
ery for this purpose it will cost thirty times as
much to get this information as it will cost to
get it through the General Land Office, a
bureau already organized.
I think it is a matter of very great impor-
tance in all the new States that some definite
information be had there as to what land is
mineral and what agricultural. J have traveled
for a whole day over a country called mineral,
although there was not an acre of mineral in
it. We cannot settle it; it is shut out from
market. Public enterprises for which grants
of land had been made going through those
sections can get nothing, bccause some man
ran over the country a few years before, and
said it was all mineral, and so reported to the
General Land Office, and that man happened
to be surveyor general.
This has worked enormous evil in the now
States. There should be some means of ascer-
taining and some means of deciding the ques-
tion rather than leave it to a surveyor gen-
eral who never, perhaps, goes out of his office,
but sub-lets the whole work, and somebody
says that tract embracing a hundred miles is
mineral. On such indefinite information as
that we have been going on year after year de-
claring sections of our new States mineral to
the great injury of the settlements, to the great
injury of the community, and doing no good
to the Government.
Mr. STEWART. That is the very reason
why I do not want this appropriation to pass.
Mr. POMEROY. That is the very reason I
want it to ptfss.
Mr. STEWART. I want first to know what
is going to be done, and to have such legisla-
tion passed as is necessary to secure the pur-
pose we desire to accomplish. We,want to
know first what the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office is to do, through whom he is to
do if, and then we shall be in a condition to
appropriate money to effect the object. 1 know
an appropriation is necessary, but it should not
be made without our directing how it shall bo
applied, how it is to be ascertained what is
mineral and what is not mineral, and to what
agents this important business is to be intrusted.
I do not want a general appropriation leaving
the matter to the Commissioner of the General
