354
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jannary 22,
to representation here on the condition that
they will allow to these negroes the unqualified
right of suffrage on a perfect equality with the
white citizen. '
Mr. KELLljjY. Will the gentleman yield to
me one moment for a question ?
Mr. ROGERS. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. I would like to inquire of the
gentleman whether it is not possible that the
male minor may come to an age that will se-
cure him the right to vote; and whether it is
not possible for the unnaturalized foreigner also
to acquire that right; and whether, inasmuch
as both may acquire it in the current decade,
they should not be included in the basis of rep-
resentation; and whether the mere efflux of
time or force of will will change the complex-
ion of an intelligent quadroon, so that he may
vote. The freeman who can never vote should
not be counted among voters and possible voters
in fixing the basis of suffrage.
Mr. ROGERS. I can answer that question
by stating to the gentleman that it is not im-
probable that, even without any constitutional
legislation, the States (as many of them have
, already done in a qualified form, and some upon
an unqualified basis) may yet allow to the ne-
groes the same political status that the gentle-
man says may be allowed to the man under
twenty-one and the unnaturalized foreigner.
The gentleman's suggestion, therefore, does not
affect the force of the argument which I am en-
deavoring to present.
Why, sir, I undertake to say, and I defy con-
tradiction, that this proposed amendment will
. give to negroes rights that it will not allow to
white men. It will allow a State to retain its
full quota of representation, though it should
disfranchise all its white citizens, not on account
of race or color, provided it will enfranchise
the negroes. White men may be disfranchised
to an unlimited extent by the States and the
States still be allowed representation for that
whole race; yet if they do the same thing to
negroes that whole race is excluded from the
basis of representation.
It appears to have in its body, in its soul, and
in its life only one great object and aim, that
is, to debase and degrade the while raec, and to
place upon a higher footing than the white men
are placed, under the Constitution, this Afri-
can race.
Now, sir, at the formation of the Constitu-
tion of the United States there was not, a single
State of the whole thirteen which adopted that
instrument that did not impose conditions upon
the right of suffrage to the white men. Every
State constitution which existed at the time the
States entered into the Union, and for a long
time afterward, imposed qualifications as con-
ditions precedent to the exercise of the right of
suffrage on the part of the white men. No man
will deny that on this or on the other side of
the House. The organic law of the land, if
amended as proposed, will give Congress the
sovereign power and right to control the States
through its power of refusing representation
unless the States acquiesce in the contemptible
doctrine of negro suffrage.
This amendment allows (he States in their
sovereign capacity to exclude white men from
the polls on the ground of property or any other
reason, except luce or color, while it deprives
the States of loprcentation for doing the same
tliingtothe colored people, as the intent of the
States would be construed to be their act, exer-
cised by them, upon the negroes, on account of
race or color.
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment?
Mr. ROGERS. Certainly.
Mr. COCKLING-. Will the gentleman bo
hind enough to inform the House why he says
that such a distinction between races could oc-
cur under this amendment? Is it not true of
one race as much as another that any qualifica-
tion or requirement could be imposed? If in-
flicted upon either race or the members of either
.ace, "on account of race or color merely,''
thea oniy exclusion from the basis of repre-
sentation would be worked, but no more in
favor of one race, or against one race or color
more than another.
Mr. ROG-ERS. That does not meet the ar-
gument that I am making. If they are disfran-
chised on account of race or color—and that is
the only conceivable reason for which they would
be construed to be disfranchised—then the whole
race would be unrepresented; whereas no dis-
franchisement of white people would be con-
strued to be done on account of race and color,
as it cannot be expected that white people would
disfranchise their own people because they were
white. The States, in the exercise of sovereign
power, can impose such qualifications upon the
exercise of the right of suffrage as they please.
That right they reserved, ana there I want to
leave it, free from any penalty.
Mr. CONKLING. In answer to the gentle-
man's question, I do undertake to say if any
State should impose qualifications alike upon
white and black, and those qualifications thus
impartially imposed should happen to include
negroes, because they could not come up to
them, notwithstanding that the State would bo
entitled to its entire negro population for the
purpose of representation. 1 do say that would
be the law.
Mr. ROGERS. I do say that no such con-
struction as that can be given the law, because
it is a well-settled principle of construction that
you must look at the intent and object of the
Legislature which passed the law. In the con-
struction of a law you must ascertain what was
the mischief the Legislature intended to rem-
edy. That is the way to construe a law. It is a
settled maxim of construction that the object
and intent of the Legislature are to be ascer-
tained by finding out the mischief it intended
to remedy. What is the object of this amend-
ment? What is the injury it is intended to pre-
vent? The injury is that negroes arc not allowed
to vote on account of their race. The object,
then, is to prevent that injury by annexing such
a penally to the continuance of the mischief as
will eventually compel the States to grant to
the negroes unqualified suffrage. Now, sir, if
th6.States abridge the right of suffrage to the
negroes, would not, a true construction of this
amendment make such action of the States a
violation of the organic law, in this, that such
action would prevent the aim and object of the
law, and for that reason the States would lose
their representation for such rage? By refusing
the States untrammeled sovereignty over the
cl ective franchise you violate the great principle
of democracy, that all the population in a coun-
try ought to bo represented, although not al-
lowed to cxcrcise the elective franchise. The
withdrawal of that right ought not to deprive
them of representation.
The object of this amendment is to remedy
this supposed evil which the members of the
Republican party suppose exists in the Consti-
tution in allowing to the States in their sovereign
capacity the right to control the elective fran-
chise—either to disallow it entirely, or to put
such restriction on it as the States in their
sovereign power may dictate. Therefore they
claim that the Federal Government ought to
take under its wings and under its control this
sovereign power of a State by saying to it, "If
you refuse to allow a certain portion of your
population to vote, or impose conditions upon
their voting, on aeconut of race or color, you
shall have no representation in the councils of
this country for any of the people of that race or
color." Why. sir, was there ever anything so
unjust in the annals of the history of legislation
in this country? Was there cveranythingpro-
posed that strikes at the foundation of liberty
like this; that pours out the vials of despotic
wrath so profusely upon the heads of the people
of the southern States—States which now, in
my judgment, constitute gallant stars in the
galaxy of the glorious old Union of the United
Stales as it existed before the commencement
of civil hostilities in this land ?
Mr. THAYER. Will the gentleman allow
me a question ?
Mr. ROGERS. I will.
Mr. THAYER. I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether that provision of the Constitution
which confines the basis of representation t6
three fifths of this class of people has not been
abrogated by war, or rather by the results of the
war, in freeing that class of people; whether,
therefore, now, the South, notwithstanding this
provision in the Constitution, would not be
entitled to count the whole black population
as five fifths instead of three fifths in com-
puting the number of Representatives to which
they are entitled; and whether the result of that
computation would not be to add to the repre-
sentation of the States lately in rebellion on
this floor twelve or thirteen members in addi-
tion to the number which they had before the
war. I desire to ask the gentlemen whether
he is in favor of that result.
Mr. RO GERS. I am in favor of that result;
and I was just going to show the reason and
justice of it. Why, I ask the gentleman, should
not the southern States, the colored population
of which have been freed by the results of the
war, have a representation based upon that pop-
ulation, the same as they were entitled to under
the old Constitution in regard tofreemen? Did
not all the States which freed the slaves after-
ward have representation for five fifths of them?
Under the Constitution as it now is, repre-
sentation in all the States is based upon their free
male and female persons, without regard to their
being of Afiican, Asiatic, or European origin.
The Constitution spreads its wings over the whole
population; and because slaves in the South
were not regarded as a proper basis of full rep-
resentation—it being decided in the celebrated
Dred Scott case that they were not considered
as people or citizens within the meaning of the
organic law—they had the representation for
those slaves cut down to three fifths, 011 the
ground that they ought to have some repre-
sentation ; and as they were mere chattels in the
eyes of the law, the States in which that chattel
property existed were not entitled to the whole
representation that they would or ought to have
had, under the organic law with regard to peo-
ple of that race or color or status.
Now, the result of the war has been to change
the status of that whole population from slaves
into freemen. Itisa cogent and most forcible
argument in favor of the wisdom, genius, and
patriotism of those who adopted the old Con-
stitution of the United States, that every free
man in a State, of whatever color, was enti-
tled to representation. And that is one of the
safeguards of the rights of the State. It was
thrown around the States in order that they
should have sovereign power to control the
right of suffrage to all persons.
The proposed amendment to the Constitu-
tion undertakes to consolidate the power in the
Federal Government. It throws out a men-
ace to the. States, and the inevitable result of
the passage would be to induce every State in
the Union to adopt unqualified- negro suffrage
so as not to deprive them of the great and in-
estimable right of representation for that class
of population in the Halls of the legislation of
the United States.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask a question ?
Mr. ROGERS". Certainly.
Mr. KELLEY'. Before asking the question
I desire to say that I am irrevocably opposed
to the passage of the amendment to the Con-
stitution now before the House. 1 ask the
question simply to elucidate tin; argument. I
want the gentleman to tell me, if ho can, whether
there is any reason that when our Government
shall be reconstructed, one pardoned rebel of
South Carolina who may not be able to read
and write, and who may have fought for four
years against the Government, shall, in polit-
ical power, alike on the floor of Congress and
in electing a President, outweigh throe or five
intelligent returned soldiers of New Jersey,
who throughout the same four years fought for
the Union ; and whether, if the colored peo-
ple of South Carolina be represented on this
floor, and yet be denied a voie, the gentleman
who will succeed the late Preston S. Brooks
will not be elected by a vote so small that it
