3338
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
other purposes, and upon which a tax is assessed and
paid on the article of which the casting is a part;
spokes, hubs, and felloes; poles, shafts, and arms for
carriages or wagons; wooden handles for plows,
and for other agricultural, household, and mechan-
ical tools and implements; and pail and tub ears and
handles; starch; steel, in ingots, bars, sheet, plate,
coil, or wire, hoop-skirt wire covered or uncovered,
car wheels, thimble skeins and pipe boxes, andsprings,
tire and axles made of steel used exclusively for ve-
hicles, cars, or locomotives; and clock springs, faces,
and hands; stoves, composed in part of cast iron and
in part of sheet iron, or of soapstone or freestone, with
or without east iron or sheet iron: Provided, That the
cast and sheet iron shall have paid the tax or duty
previously assessed thereon; sugar, molasses, or sirup
made from beets, sugar maple, or from sorghum, or
imphee; sulphate of barytes; sulphur; tar and crude
turpentine: tin cans used for preserved meats, fish,
shell-fish, fruits, vegetables, jams, a>nd'jellies; um-
brellas and parasols, and sticks and frames for the
same; value of bullion used in the manufacture of
wares, watches. and watch-cases, and bullion pre-
pared for the use of platers and watchmakers; vege-
table, animal, and fish oils of all descriptions, not
otherwise provided for, including red oil, oleic acid;
and admixtures of the same with paraffine oil, not ex-
ceeding in specific gravity thirty-six degrees Baume's
hydrometer; verdigris; vin egar; white and red lead;
whiting; Paris white; window glass of all kinds; wire
made from wire less than number twenty wire gauge,
upon which a tax has been assessed and paid as wire;
yarn and warp for weaving, braiding, or manufac-
turing purposes exclusively; yeast powders; zinc in
ingots or sheets: Provided further. That the exemp-
tions aforesaid shall, in all cases, be confined exclu-
sively to said articles in the state and condition spe-
cified in the foregoing enumeration, and shall not
extend to articles in any other form, nor to manufac-
tures from said articles.
The Committee on Financc reported several
amendments to this section. The first was in
line four to strike out the words " or duty."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighteen
to insert the words "and prussiate," so that
the clause will read, "bichromate and prus-
siate of potash."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-
four, to strike oat the word "and" before
" earthen and after the words "water pipes"
to insert " retorts and tiles made of clayso
that the clause will read :
Brick, fire-brick, draining-tilcs, cement, drain and
sewer pipes, earthen and stone water pipes, retorts,
and tilesmade of clay.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-nine,
the words "and calcined" before "gypsum"
should be stricken out; so that the clause will
read, "building stone of all kinds, including
slate, marble, freestone, and soapstone, and
rock, ground gypsum."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As the words "and
calcincd " are stricken out, the word "and"
should be inserted between the words "rock"
and " ground " in the same line.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After the words " can-
dle- wicking," in the thirty-third line, the word
" chronometers" should be inserted.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in line thirty-eight, after the word "sheets,"
to insert " and stamped copper bottoms so
that the clause will read, '' copper and yellow
sheathing metal not more advanced than rods
or sheets, and stamped copper bottoms."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is a mistake.
Those words should not be inserted.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line forty-two
to strikeout the words "dressed or" before
the word "smoked;" and after the word
"smoked" to insert "or not oil-dressed;" so
that it will read, "deer-skins smoked, or not
oil-dressed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, after
line fifty-two, the following: "India-rubber
springs used exclusively for railroad cars."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out line
fifty-four, in these words: "iron bridges, and
castings for iron bridges."
Mr. HOWARD. I hope the Senate will
not concur in the amendment striking out the
words "iron bridges, and castings for iron
bridges.''
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope the Senate will
concur in the amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. This is a species of man-
ufacture now comparatively in its infancy. It
is becoming, however, an interest of consider-
able magnitude, and is attracting the attention
especially of railroad companies throughout
the United States. There are several estab-
lishments in the United States at the present
time, and one especially of considerable mag-
nitude at the city where I reside, who have
been engaged for some years past in prosecut-
ing the enterprise of making iron bridges.
They say that it is impossible for them to pros-
ecute the business if the tax which is contem-
plated by this bill, in case this clause is struck
out, is continued to be imposed upon them.
Such is the high price of iron at the present
time that they will find it impossible to pro-
ceed with the enterprise; while the fact is that
many railroad companies, especially in the
West, are very anxious to provide more solid
and durable structures in the shape of bridges
for crossing streams on their various routes.
When Senators look at it for a moment, they
will see the importance of it. An iron bridge,
well made, well constructed, must necessarily
be a very costly fabric; and its durability, as
a means of passing streams, gives it a very
great superiority to wooden bridges. I could
refer to some instances of disasters that have
occurred in crossing raih'oads upon wooden
bridges if I had time, which certainly would
attract the attention of Senators to this very
important branch of manufacture. I hope that
this amendment will not be concurred in.
I think we ought to make iron bridges free
of all internal tax for the purpose of encoura-
ging their manufacture and use. It is not. so
much for the interest of the various companies
that may employ them as for the public itself
that they ought to be placed upon the free list.
Iron at the present time is very costly; and if the
iron bridge is to be taxed as a structure, after
it has been finished and erected, in proportion
to its value, there would be an absolute end
of this enterprise; there would be no such
thing as an iron bridge. In the West espe-
cially, upon our broad streams, this manufac-
ture is attracting attention perpetually, and
companies are very anxious to lay down sub-
stantial and durable bridges across the streams.
It is not exactly so in the eastern States where
the streams are far narrower and where a struct
ure of this kind is less necessary than in the
West where the streams are so much broader
and deeper. By placing them upon the free
list we shall greatly encourage the manufac-
ture and use of iron bridges; and in this way
we shall save in the end a vast amount of prop-
erty as well as life to the public. I trust that
the Senate will not concur in this amendment.
Mr. GRIMES. I concur with the Senator
from Michigan in what he has said on this sub'
ject. I believe that this tax, if levied, would
be virtually a tax upon the safety of the travel-
ing community. Our purpose should be to
cneourage the railroad companies to construct
such roads and such bridges as will best sub-
serve the interests of the traveling public, and
protect them from harm as the}' do travel. I
suppose that gentlemen who have traveled
over the country are aware that in some sec-
tions of the country we are obliged to resort,
in a great degree—and railroads ought to be
compelled to resort, and should be, if I had the
power to control it—to iron bridges, more than
it is necessary that they should resort to them
in other sections of the country. In some sec-
tions they have stone abutments and stone
piers. You can go into some other sections
of the country, and there is not enough stone
within five hundred miles to make a single pier
or abutment. What is the best substitute for
it? Iron—iron piles to rest upon; and they
ought^ to be encouraged in using that ktad of
material in place of putting down cotton-wood
that decays in the course of a few months, and
thereby jeopardizes the limbs and the lives of
those who travel on the roads.
I concur fully with the Committee on Finance
in the amendment that they have made follow-
ing this amendment, and that is, inserting upon
the free list " iron drain and sewer pipes." I
would do what I could to encourage the cor-
porate authorities of the various cities to pro-
tect the lives and health of their citizens by
furnishing proper sanitary regulations; and the
same principles that would control me in the
one case would control me in the other.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I have to say about
it is this: the committee thought that a very
large manufacture like this should contribute
its share of the public burdens as well as any-
thing else. It is a very large manufacture ; it
requires a great deal of money, and a consider-
able profit is obtained from it, and there should
be a tax derived from it. Railroads are very
much of a favored institution under the tax
bill in almost all things; and therefore we
thought it would be no more than right that
this manufacture should pay its share of the
taxes. It is, however, for the Senate to decide.
It is a matter about which the committee have
no feeling. I am of opinion that the tax had
better be retained.
Mr. POLAND. It seems to me quite clear
that these iron railroad bridges should .be free
from taxation. By looking along a little fur-
ther in this list it will be seen that "railroad
iron and railroad iron rerolled," and "railroad
chairs and fish-plates," which are the appa-
ratus for fastening the rails upon the ties, are
all in the free list—iron in the shape of its
simplest form of manufacture. Now, these
iron railroad bridges, as has been said by the
honorable Senator from Michigan, are most
important to the safety of the traveling public.
Very many of the most severe, disastrous, and
fatal railroad accidents that have happened in
the country have been in consequence of the
insufficiency of the bridges, the falling of the
bridges; so that for the safety and welfare of
the traveling community it is important that
they should be encouraged to make these per-
manentand safe bridges. Undoubtedly it would
be for the interest of the railroad companies,
as a matter of economy, in the long run, that
they should make their bridges of iron instead
of making them of timber. But every Sena-
tor knows that very many of these railroad
companies are not very flush of means ; they
have not a great deal of money ; they resort
to temporary expedients, and where they can
build wooden bridges, and cheap ones at that,
they build them ; and the result is this lack of
safety to the community, Upon principle, in
analogy to what is contained in this bill aside
from this, it seems to me to be very clear that
these iron railroad bridges ought to be ex-
empt.
Mr. HOWARD. I hold in my~hand a brief
memorandum furnished to me by a very intel-
ligent gentlemen who has had this matter un-
der consideration and investigated it very fully,
and by the permission of the Senate I will read
a few paragraphs from it. He says :
"1. Iron bridges, especially upon railroads, are a
great public necessity as safeguards against both fire
and decay, and so they are a great public necessity
as a means of safety to life, person, and property,
against the worst class of accidents and losses occur-
ring upon railroads.
" The correctness of this statement is illustrated in
ease of the bridge at Troy, over the Hudson, on the
Troy and Schenectady railroad, which was burned
two or threo years ago, and also a considerable por-
tion of that city as a conseauence of it. It is also
illustrated by the giving way and falling of the bridge
on the Great Western railroad, Canada, over thel)es
Jardine canal, near Hamilton, owing to internal
decay, on account^ of which a largo number of pas-
sengers lost their lives. Similar cases axe continually
occuring, here and there, throughout the country.
Iron bridges would be effectual preventitives against
such calamities.
"2. Railroad bridges are at present very generally
made of wood; whereas they would as generally be
made of iron were it not for the very great cost of
that material—a cost so great as to be prohibitory in
most eases. It makes this elass of work come so high
as to prevent it from being adopted and ordered, and
consequently almost wholly cu{s off this branch of
business.
