4298
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J uly 28,
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will not object to its
consideration. I should like to hear the report,
however.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. There is no
report.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I shall object.
Mr. RAMSEY. There is a report with the
papers.
Mr. JOHNSON. Let it be read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the report,
as follows:
The Committee on Indian Affairs, to whom was
referred the petition of James Starkey, submit the
following report 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall object to it. It
did not go to the proper committee. It should
have gone to the Committee on Claims and not
the Committee on Indian Affairs. The Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs had no business with it.
Mr. NORTON. It was referred to the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs in the House, but here
it was sent to the Committee on Claims, and
lias been reported by them.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then I withdraw my
objection again. Let the report be read.
The Secretary continued the reading of the
report, as follows:
The committee have examined the case and find
the following state of facts: in August, 1857, certaiD
bands of the Chippewa Indians committed some dep-
redations upon the frontier settlements of Minnesota,
and a serious outbreak was threatened. To quell the
same and restoro peaeo and order Hon. S. Medary,
the then Governor of the Territory of Minnesota,
ordered out the St. Paul lightcavalry, of which J ames
Starkey whs captain. This company, under the com-
mand of the captain, at once marched to the frontier,
and during a fight with tho Indians the horse ofRich-
ard Postei, a private in said company, was shot and
so wounded that it died. Ca.pta.in Starkey, believing
tho Government liable to pay for the loss, paid Pri-
vate Postei $100 in full satisfaction of his claim, and
took his rccoipt. Itappears thatthe horse was worth
a much larger sum. The accounts connected with tho
expedition, and growing out of tho same, were after-
ward sent to tho War Department, and most of them,
oxcept, this, have since been pnid. Postei has Ictt the
country, and his place of residence appears to be un-
known. Tinder tho circumstances, the committee
believe the Uovcrninont was liable to pay Poste! tho
value of his horse, and as Captain Starkey lias dis-
charged that liability they c;ni see no pood reason
why ho should not bo substituted to tho rights of
Postei and bo ropaid tho $100.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It strikes me that this
is beginning a matter which, if begun, we do
not know where it will end. This is really no
claim on tho Government at all, not the slight-
est in the world, and it lias been so decided, and
now Congress is called upon to pay this man bo-
cause, without authority, ho paid a claim which
was not a claim against the Government.
Mr. RAMSEY. It is only $100.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wc have no more right
to give away $100 than $100,000.
Mr. RAMSEY. He has been waiting for it
for nine years.
Mr. FfiSSENDEN. It makes no difference
about that. ■
ThePRES11) 1NGOFFICHR. Thebill can-
not be proceeded with except by unanimous
consent. Does the Senator object?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir, I object.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. SUMNER. Now I renew my motion
for an executive session.
The motion was agreed to; and after spend-
ing one hour and twenty-five minutes in tho
consideration of executive business, tho doors
were reopened at twenty-five minutes past two
o'clock.
MESSAGE "FROM TIIJ3 HOUSE.
A message from tho House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiicrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had passed a bill (II. li. No.tSll)
for the relief of certain drafted men, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that tho Speaker
of the House had signed the following enrolled
bills and joint resolutions, and they were there-
upon signed by the President pro tempore:
A bill (H. R. No. 737) making appropria-
tions for sundry civil expenses of the Govern-
ment for the year ending the 30th of June,
1867, and for other purposes;
A bill (H. R. No. 093) for the relief of Rob-
ert Baldwin;
A bill (H. R. IJo. 801) authorizing the pay-
ment of the rewards offered by the President
of the United States and the officers of the
War Department in April and M^h 1865, for
the capture of the assassins of the late Abra-
ham Lincoln, and the Secretary of State, Hon.
William H. Seward;
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 155) to pre-
vent the further enforcement of the joint reso-
lution (No. 77) approved July 4, 18G4, against
officers and soldiers of the United States who
have been honorably discharged, so as to relieve
them from the further payment of the special
five per cent, income tax imposed thereby; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 193) author-
izing the transmission through the mails free
of postage of certain certificates by the adju-
tant general of New Jersey.
FENIAN MEETINGS.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I understand that the
House have taken a recess giving the Speaker
authority to call them together whenever it
may be necessary as messages come in ; and
unless there is some further business to be
transacted, I will make a similar motion here.
Mr. WADE. I desire to have the resolu-
tion in regard to the use of the fair building
for Fenian meetings disposed of. Let us have
a vote upon it.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reso-
lution, which was laid aside to consider execu-
tive and other business, is now before the Sen-
ate.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
joint resolution (II. R. No. 208) in relation to
the use of the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans'
Fair building in Washington.
Mr. STEWART. I am glad that this res-
olution is offeicd, not so much for the partic-
ular purpose of giving the Fenians a hall, for
1 presume they can maintain a hall and hold
a meeting without this; but after all that
has occurred in the last five years on the part
of England toward this Government, tho un-
friendly position she has assumed, taken in
connection with the action of this Government
toward the Irish people in enforcing the neu-
trality laws, I think it duo to take some action
in Congress as expressive of the sentiment of
the nation, that we do have sympathy with the
Irish rather than with Great Britain that has
treated us so badly. I believe there is a warm
sympathy on the part of every American in
favor of the Irish people, in favor of that desire
of liberty which is manifesting itself from year
to year on the part of that people, and sym-
pathy with their sufferings for the last two hun-
dred years under the oppressions thathave been
brought upon them by Great Britain. 1 believe
there is a sympathy in the United States and
among all republicans in favor of them and
their cause; but the vigorous enforcement at
this time of our very severe neutrality laws, of
which I am not here to complain, is liable to
be misunderstood. Great Britain may come
to the conclusion that we are in full sympathy
with all her oppressive acts toward Ireland;
and I believe that some resolution ought to
pass Congress expressive of the proper senti-
ment of the American people.
I offered a resolution the other day, which I
propose when this is disposed of to call up,
calling upon the Government to use its good
offices in favor of the release of those prison-
ers in Canada who were taken in the late Fenian
raid. I think it no more than right that this
Government should use its good offices for the
release of those prisoners. They would not
have been prisoners in Canada but for the
action of this Government. If we had ob-
served the same rales that Great Britain did,
if we had administered the same neutrality
laws as she did, there would have been no
Fenian prisoners in Canada; the Canadians
themselves would have been prisoners; that
we all know. It was by the armies of the Uni-
ted States that they were enabled to make
prisoners of those Fenians; we enforcing our
laws and taking from them the burden of de-
fending theirown territory. I believe it is not
more than right, therefore, that we should now
ask Great Britain to release them, and I offered
a resolution for that purpose.
I hope this resolution will pass that I may
have an opportunity of calling up the other
resolution. I think a similar resolution has
also passed the House, and perhaps we had
better take up the House resolution. I be-
lieve this sentiment of the nation should be
expressed, and Great Britain should under-
stand it. I think it is wrong that we should
stand in a false position before the world and
that our sympathies and feelings should be
misunderstood.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on ordering the resolution to a third reading.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays,
and they were ordered; and being taken, re-
sulted—yeas 20, nays 7; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Cowan, Cres-
well. Fowler, Harris, Howard. Lane, Morgan, Nes-
mith, Norton, Nye, Pomeroy, Ross, Stewart, Wade,
Willey, Williams, Wilson, and Yates—20.
NAYS — Messrs. Anthony, Davis, Guthrie, John-
son. Patterson, ltiddle. and Van Winkle—7.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Clark, Cra-
gin, Dixon, *Doolittle, Edmunds, Fessenden, Foster,
Grimes, Henderson, Hendricks, Howe, Kirkwood,
McDougall, Morrill, Poland, Ramsey, Saulsbury,
Sherman, Sumner, Sprague, Trumbull, ana
Wright—24.
The joint resolution was read the third time
and passed.
DISBURSING AGENTS.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I move that the Com-
mittee on Finance be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the bill (H. R. No. G12)
to amend an act entitled "An act making ap-
propriations for sundry civil expenses of the
Government for the vear ending the 30th of
June, 1859."
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
considered as in Committee of the Whole. It
proposes to amend the proviso to the seven-
teenth section of the act referred to, so as to
read as follows:
And provided further, That where there is a col-
lector at the place of location of any public work
herein specified, the Secretary of the Treasury shall
havo power to appoint a disbursing agent tor the
payment of all moneys that are, or may bo hcroafter,
appropriated for the construction of anysuch publio
work, with such compensation as he may deem equi-
table and just, and all laws and parts_of laws in con-
flict with the provisions of this section be, and the
same arc hereby, repealed.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
PUNISHMENT OI' KIDNAPING.
Mr. WILSON submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to :
Resolved, That tho Committee on Foregn Relations
be instructed to inquire whether any further legis-
lation is necessary to protect in their freedom per-
sons escaping from involuntary service in Cuba or
other foreign countiies to tho United States, and to
provide for the punishment of any citizens of the
United States who may ill any manner aid or abet in
the recapture, detention, or return of such persons,
and that tho eommittcc be instructed to report by
bill or otherwise.
COMMITTEE ON VENTILATION.
Mr. BUCIvALEW. I offer this resolution:
liemlved, That the select committee on ventila-
tion bo continued for the next session.
I will simply say that that select committee
expire with this session, and it is necessary that
they should bestow attention to the hydration
of the air in the Chamber. It does not lead to
any expense.
The resolution was considered by unanimous
consent and agreed to.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. DOOLITTLEi Mr. President, there
being now no business before the Senate I rise
to do what I have seldom done in this body—
make a personal explanation. It will be remem-
bered that my colleague some time ago thought
proper to present to the Senate without, notice
from me—indeed, in my absence from my seat —
certain resolutions of the Legislature of Wis-
