1418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March. 15,
Land Office in Washington to be determined
how he is going to segregate the mineral lands
from the agricultural lands. When that segre-
gation is made I want it made in such a man-
ner that the eomrrlunity there shall know in
advance what is proposed to be sold as agri-
cultural land and what is to be reserved as min-
eral land. The community should be thoroughly
advised and know exactly what is going to be
done, so that we can have a fair segregation.
That there should be something done to bring
into market these mineral lands we all agree;
but what is $5,000 thrown out to accomplish
these results? If you are to make a proper
examination for the purpose of segregation in
a single county it might require that much
money. This appropriation will do nothing
toward a work of that kind. It must be the
work of years, and it must be done on a system.
I have conversed with the Commissioner of the
General Land Office, and his ideas are very
good; but, still, before he proceeds in a busi-
ness of this importance, to determine what
lands shall be brought into market as agricul-
tural lands and what shall not, I want Congress
to act and fix a system. I want the act that
appropriates the money to direct for what pur-
pose it shall be applied. Here is a general
appropriation of $5,000 to be expended for
getting information. Is it for the purpose of
segregating the lands ? What is it for ? Is it
to send somebody out there? I have not seen
the beneficial results of appropriations of this
kind. There was no appropriation last year,
and this year the Commissioner of the General
Land Office lias made a better report than he
ever made before.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Thebillfailcdlastyear.
Mr. POMEROY. This is the bill that failed
then.
Mr. CONNESS. This appropriation was
stricken out before it failed.
Mr. STEWABT. The year previous he had
an appropriation of $15,000. For two years past
he has had no money for this purpose, and he
has improved in his reports immensely. The
last report of the Commissioner of the General
Land Ollice was a very good report. If he is
to have this $.">,000 I should like to know how
it is to be expended.
Mr.IlENDlUCKS. I am more satisfied now
that this appropriation ought not to be stricken
out. I can understand the interest of these
Senators representing the mineral States in
the establishment of a Mineral Bureau with a
view to the minerals of the country ; but this
little appropriation of $5,000 is with a view of
ascertaining the agricultural lauds, and of sep-
arating them, if it be possible, from the min-
eral lands. The practical difficulty that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office has
upon this question is just this: he directs the
surveyor general of a particular department to
make the surveys in advance of the settlement;
the surveyor general cannothimself go out and
see what lands arc mineral or are agricultural;
he has no means of ascertaining that fact; but
if he had a thousand or two thousand dollars
at his command he would select some suitable
person in advance of making his contracts and
send that man up among the mountains to see
what valleys ought to be surveyed, come back,
and upon 1 hat report the Purveyor general would
be enabled to make his contracts. It is a little
matter; it is for the benefit of the surveys, to
enable surveys to be made of the agricultural
lands in the neighborhood of the mineral lands.
In that regard it is very useful. Then when
we come to the Mineral Bureau we can con-
sider that as a separate question.
Mr. HOWE. I want to add what little weight
there is in my opinion to the testimony of the
Senator from Kansas and the Senator from
Indiana. Instead of this appropriation which
it is intended to strike out being the ante-room
to a Bureau on Mining, it strikes me that it is
some slight erection that is to be taken down
t?1 H1.0 Pl,i'Pose of getting a Bureau on Mining.
It a bureau on Mining is necessary, I have not
the slightest objection to its being erected ; but
my private opinion is—I mention it here in the
hope that it will not be repeated—that this
$5,000 in the hands of the present Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office is worth as
much to the United States as any sum that
you will ever appropriate to a Bureau on Min-
ing, and will accomplish as much. I can very
well understand how this amount of money
in the hands of an ambitious and enterprising
and honest Commissioner of the General Land
Office, to be used while he is making his sur-
veys, which surveys always precede the obser-
vation of the public, to be used in gathering
specimens of the mineral lands and forwarding
them here to Washington, can be used to great
advantage, and will enable the Commissioner to
procure a vast amount of information and en-
able him really and actually, uninfluenced by
any community or any interested parties, to
determine very accurately what are mineral
and what are agricultural lands.
But if you appropriate moneys to enable the
Commissioner of the General Land Office to
make surveys as you now do ; and when he has
made the surveys, and the surveyors' reports
have pointed out the general characteristics of
the country, and put the local populations on
the lookout to get them to snuffing the mineral
lauds, then call upon your Bureau on Mining
to determine what is agricultural and what are
mineral lands, 1 should be very much afraid
that the mineral lands would shrink a good
deal. I do not know that there is any such
danger. At all events I do believe that this
amount of money would be expended by the
present Commissioner, and I think by any Com-
missioner who is competent to discharge the
duties of that office, to the great advantage of
the United States.
Mr. CONNESS. Permit me in part, at least,
to relieve the Senator from \\ iseonsinfrom the
impression that the object of taking this small
appropriation of $5,000 out this bill has any
connection—it has none in my mind at least—
with the projected establishment of the Bureau
on Mines. In the first place, that is not the
way that I operate; and in the next place, I
have never yet been fully convinced that the
establishment of a Bureau on Mines, conducted
as our Bureau on Agriculture is conducted,
would be of any advantage to the mining com-
munities or to the Government. In saying this
I mean no reflection on the present head of the
Agricultural Bureau; I speak simply of its
workings and the benefit the country derives
from the amount of its public expenditure.
But as to this small appropriation being in-
tended in any respect whatever for the pur-
poses of segregation, that is out of the ques-
tion. It is not intended to be applied in that
way. Again, if it were, it would be utterly
futile to talk of a segregation of the mineral
from the agricultural lauds of the country to
any extent whatever by such an appropriation,
or by such an examination as a single indi-
vidual could make. It has been stated, and
stated correctly, that heretofore considerable
expenditures have grown up in the Land Offiec
incidentally without the authority of law, ex-
cept as it was found in connection with the
mineral lands annually. Fifteen thousand
dollars was the usual annual appropriation ; as
the honorable Senator from Nevada has said,
the appropriation failed a year ago, and I take
his statement to be correct, for I suppose he is
a judge on that point, that the failure has re-
sulted in the production of the best report ever
made from the General Land Office in connec-
tion with mining. I have examined that por-
tion ot that report which relates to miners; it
is very limited, indeed; and I have no such
encomium to bestow upon it. It contains
some more healthful suggestions than have
been made heretofore from that department;
but they are exceedingly limited, such as they
are ; and if it be true that good goods come in
small parcels, this is certainly a complete ex-
emplification of it, for there is very little of it.
Mr. President, I have as much confidence in
the present head of the General Land Office
as any Senator in this body has; but I think
this amount of money may just as well be saved
as not. If the Commissioner of the General
Land Office will point out to the Senate or to
me individually what useful purpose he wants
to serve by spending this money, I will vote
him $5,000 or $10,000; but that has not been
stated.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from California one question. Does he
ever expect as a practical question that Con-
gress will direct the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office how to separate the mineral
from the agricultural lands? Is not that an
administrative question that must of necessity
be left to the department?
Mr. CONNESS. I beg to give the honora-
ble Senator the answer to that question by
reiterating the statement that I have made,
that this appropriation is not made for the pur-
pose ofiiBegregation at all.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator assumes
that. It is an appropriation for a particular
purpose, and the only legitimate purpose the
Land Office can make of it is the one I have
suggested. I take it for granted that the
head of that office will use tlie money for the
only legitimate purpose to which he can apply
it. Therefore I think the Senator, in the ab-
sence of a report from the Commissioner, is
not justified in assuming that he will use it for
any other than the legitimate purpose.
Mr. CONNESS. The honorable Senator is
ingenious; but he has forgotten that in the ab-
sence of any statement by the Commissioner of
the General Land Office to show how he pro-
poses to apply this money, the honorable Sena-
tor is merely guessing at how the Commissioner
is going to apply it. Now, then, I should like
to know whether that is a very good way to
make an appropriation, and guess that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office will
apply it to segregation. If you want to apply
it that way, let the appropriation say so ; say,
"for segregating mineral from agricultural
lands in the public domain, $5,000." It would
be a very laughable appropriation in that shape;
but the fact is, that it is an expenditure that
may as well not be made as to make it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. POMEROY. We can call the yeas and
nays on it in Senate.
The next amendment was in section one, to
strike out lines five hundred and ten to five
hundred and thirteen inclusive, in the following
words:
For publishing the annual report of the National
Academy of Sciences, made to Congress under the act
approved March 3, 1863, $8,000.
Mr. WILSON. I should like to know of the
committee why they propose to strike this out.
It docs seem to me to be a matter of consider-
able importance to the Government and the
country.
Mr. FESSENDEN, There should rather be
sosae reason stated why the book should be
published. A bill was brought in here to incor-
porate certain gentlemen as an Academy-of
Sciences. It would not cost the Government
anything, it was said : it was merely to incor-
porate these gentlemen in this District to be
an Academy ot Sciences. We accommodated
them by giving them a charter, and the first
thing we get is a $fi,000 appropriation to pub-
lish their proceedings. If Congress is going
to take this Academy under its ca,re, and pub-
lish their proceedings in that way, there will
be no end to it. We saw no reason for making
the appropriation.
Mr. SUMNER. T really hope, as this clause
has the sanction of the House, that it will not
fail here. By the charter of the Academy the
Government of the United States is expressly
authorized to call upon the Academy for opin-
ions on such questions as may be submitted of
a practical character and coming within the
studies and attainments of the Academy. In
point of fact several such questions have been
submitted to the Academy and they have given
their opinions to the Government. 1 do not
undertake to say what the value of those opin-
ions was, but they gave their opinions in con-
