1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2379
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on agreeing to the resolution reported by
the committee.
The resolution was adopted.
f. a. lewis.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 6)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
F. A. Lewis.
Mr. CLARK. The report of the committee
in this case is as follows:
The petitioner sets forth that, in consequence of the
legislation of Congress, he has been unjustly deprived
of his property to the value of $15,527, the larger por-
tion being negroes; and further, that the so-called
confederate government has taken from him his
other property to the value of $4,000, for which that
fovernment promised to pay him; and as the United
tates have overthrown the confederate government,
they are justly responsible for its debts.
The committee are unable to appreciate thesound-
ness or justice of the reasoning ia relation to either
portion of this claim.
The petitioner has deemed it unnecessary to fortify
either portion of his claims with a particle of evi-
dence beyond his own statement. The committee,
in view of the foregoing allegations, ask the passage
of the following resolution:
Resolved, That the prayer of the petition of F. A.
Lewis ought not to be granted.
The resolution was adopted.
owners of the brig 8abao.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 8)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition
of David Baker, Mowrey & Steere, Samuel
True, and Nathaniel Crowell, owners of the
brig Sabao.
Mr. CLARK._ The committee in this case
report a resolution that the prayer of the peti-
tioners ought not to be granted, and unless
some one desires to have the report read, or
some portion of it stated, showing the nature
of the case, I will ask the Senate to take the
question on the adoption of the resolution.
The resolution was adopted.
j. w. downey.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 9)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
J. W. Downey.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner prays for the
restoration of his real estate taken and sold
under the confiscation act, and the committee
report ia resolution that the prayer of the peti-
tioner ought not to be granted.
The resolution was adopted.
selina barclay.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 10)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
Selina Barclay.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner prays for
relief for the burning of her house which was
burnt by the destruction of the navy-yard at
Gosport, Virginia, by the rebels. The commit-
tee report a resolution that the prayer of the
petitioner ought not to be granted.
The resolution was adopted. *
john aiiern.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 12)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
John Ahem.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner prays to be
indemnified for loss on a ^contract with the
acting assistant provost marshal general of the
northern district of New York for board and
rations furnished to the United States for sol-
diers and recruits at the city of Albany in
1803, 1864, and 1865 ; and the committee report
adversely to the prayer of the petitioner.
The report was agreed to.
jerome b. pillow.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 15)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
Jerome B. Pillow.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner sets forth that
he is a loyal citizen of Arkansas and asks pay
for cotton which was carried away by our sol-
diers. The committee report a resolution that
the prayer of the petitioner ought not to be
granted.
The resolution was adopted.
john eonolf.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 16)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
John Egnolf.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner prays for com-
pensation for the loss of a California bond.
The committee report a resolution that the
prayer of the petitioner ought not to be granted.
The resolution was agreed to.
warren, hood, and humphrey.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 18)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
George Warren, Daniel Hood, and Calvin R.
Humphrey.
Mr. CLARK. The committee in this case
report a resolution that the prayer of the peti-
tioners ought not to be granted.
The resolution was agreed to.
mrs. kate pettit.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 19)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
Mrs. KatePettit.
Mr. CLARK. I call the attention of the
Senate to the report in this case, as it is short,
and involves, perhaps, a new principle.
Tho Committee on Claims, to whom was referred
the petitions and papers relative to tho claim of Mrs.
Kate Pcttit.have considered the same, and make tho
following report:
The petitioner alleges that, in July. 1865, she was
walking on tho sidewalk of a street in the city of
Georgetown in this District, and was knocked down
by a Government wagon through tho careless or
reckless management of the driver; that, as a con-
sequence, sue was by this accident seriously and irrep-
arably injured, whereby she lost the use of one of her
arms, and was put to great cost and expense.
She also alleges that she is a widow in indigent cir-
cumstances, with two small children dependent upon
her for support.
Considering the allegations and circumstances in
this case to be proved, the committee know of no rule
by which the Government can be holden for the illegal
and unauthorized acts of its servants; cases of this
character may appeal to our sympathy, but from
reasons of publie policy can never be allowed as
claims by Congress.
The committee recommend the passage of the fol-
lowing resolution:
Jiesolwd, That the prayer of the petitioner cannot
be granted.
The resolution was adopted.
alonzo morse.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 20)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
Alonzo Morse.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner prays indem-
nification for certain United States notes lost
by the burning of his dwelling-house, and the
committee make an adverse report. The notes
were in part compound-interest notes, and in
part notes which could not be identified. The
Treasury Department paid him for those which
could be identified, and the committee report
against the balance of the claim, on the ground
that there is no identification.
The report was agreed to.
lieutenant colonel reynolds.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 21)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
Brevet Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Reynolds.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner prays to be
relieved from responsibility for money stolen
from him on the 22d December 1865 ; and I call
the attention of the Senate to it, as the money
was lost at one of the banking-houses in this
city. The committee come to an adverse con-
clusion on this matter, and report a resolution
that the prayer of the petitioner ought not to be
granted.
The resolution was agreed to.
sweeny, rittenhouse and company.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 22)
of the Committee on Claims on the petition of
Sweeny, Rittenhouse, Pant & Co.
Mr. CLARK. The prayer of the petition in
this case is that they be allowed to go to the
Court of Claims. They have been once to the
Court of Claims, and had an adverse report,
when the court consisted of three judges ; and
they want now, when it consists of five, to see
if they cannot get a favorable report. The
Committee on Claims came to the conclusion
to report against it.
The report was agreed to. t
francis mtllek.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report (No. 23)
of the Committee on Claims, on the petition
of Francis Miller.
Mr. CLARK. This petitioner entered into
contract with the Government for the fur-
nishing of certain supplies, the price of which
he found afterward to be raised in the market,
and he refused to deliver the supplies. He now
asks that the Government should pay him that
portion of the money which was retained upon
his contract for the portion that he did furnish.
The committee came to the conclusion that it
should not be paid to him because be refused
to perform his contract. They therefore report
a resolution that the prayer of the petitioner
ought not to be granted.
The resolution was adopted.
joiin it. brown.
On motion of Mr. CLARK, tho Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the adverse report of the
Committee on Claims on the petition of John
R. Brown.
Mr. CLARK. This is a claim for damages
for the seizure of a vessel by some of our naval
vessels as a blockade-runner. The committee
came to the conclusion that there was proba-
ble cause for the seizure, and that no damages
should be paid.
The report was agreed to.
p. a. wheeler.
Mr. CLARK. The _ next report is one
not printed, on tho petition of P. A. Wheeler.
It is an adverse report. I move that it be
agreed to.
The report was agreed to.
cyrus m. harmon.
Mr. CLARK. The next report is No. 37,
on the case of Cyrus M. Harmon. The peti-
tioner was the owner of a newspaper in West
Virginia, and the rebels got possession of a
large portion of the country, embracing the
county of Jackson, where he lived, and on the
4th of September, 1864, occupied Ravenswood,
and immediately destroyed the presses, stock,
and type of the establishment. He desires the
United States to pay for it. The committee
came to the conclusion to report adversely.
' The report was agreed to.
colonel d. d. tompkins.
Mr. CLARK. The next adverse report is
No. 40, on the petition of the executors of the
late Colonel D. D. Tompkins. Colonel Tomp-
kins was ordered to reside in the barracks fur-
nished for the United States troops at New
Orleans. He chose afterward to reside in the
city, and he demanded commutation for rent
and quarters, which the Department refused
to allow him. Tho committee think the De-
partment were right, and therefore recommend
that the prayer of the petition be refused.
The report was agreed to.
epiiraim hunt.
Mr. CLARK. The next report is No. 41,
on the petition of Ephraim Hunt.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In regard to that there
have been several reports in favor of Ephraim
Hunt which have been acted upon by this body,
and a bill has been passed. There is now an
adverse report. If the Senator is willing I should
prefer that it should lie over.
Mr. CLARK. I will not object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The case
will be passed over.
