1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3339
"There is an immense iron-bridgc-making estab-
lishment in Detroit. Therailroads want their work,
extremely. ^ They have made estimates for and cor-
responded in reference to enough to kee£ them vig-
orously employed for four or five years with as many
as six hundred hands, yet they have little or nothing
to do in this description of work. The roads either
resort to wood or anxiously wait for a decline in the
cost of iron to a point within their control. The re-
sult is, that tho investment in this establishment for
this line of business is, substantially, dead capital;
the owners lose the use of their property; hundreds
of mechanics are cut off from employment; neither
the roads nor the public get the benefit of these
bridges, and the Government gets no revenue. And
so it goes. Other like establishments undergo a like
oppressive cxpericnce: for example, the one in Bal-
timore, belonging to Mr. Wendell Bollman, the in-
ventor of an iron bridge known as Bollman's Iron
Suspension Truss Bridge, to which a distinguished
commission, consisting of Generals Sherman and
Pope and Governor l?letcher, awarded a first pre-
mium of $1,000 in a comparison of merit and skill as
large and severe as the eastern, middle, southwestern,
and western States could make.
"3. By exempting iron bridges and their several
parts from oxcise, Congress would do much toward
removing the difficulty in the way of their adoption
and manufacture.
" In ordinary cases iron suspension truss bridges,
such as Bosnian's or Fink's—the cheapest as well as
the best styles yet invented—are composed of wrought
and east iron of nearly equal quantities by wcisrht;
but when erected over a navigable river, where they
might possibly be liable to be struck, laterally by a
steamboat or other vessel, they have to be made al-
most wholly of wrought iron. By the exciso laws
now in force, the cast iron in these bridges is taxed,
by duplication, six dollars per ton ; the wrought iron
eight dollars and forty cents per ton. These excise
duties on tho parts, of course, increase the cost of
these structures very materially: in case of the bridge
contemplated atDubuque as much as$16,000; in that
at Quincy not less than $20,000. This is tho effect of
the old law now in force on the parts of those bridges,
saving nothing of them as finished manufactures.
' Tn view of tho considerations now stated, the
principal railroads of the West, including several in
Ohio, with tho bridge-making establishments spoken
of, havo petitioned the present Congress to exempt
iron bridges and their several parts from excise, so
as to encourago their adoption and manufacture and
render the same more practicable. Seveial of thc.^o
petitions aro now in the hands of the Finance Com-
mittee of the Senate. I submit that what these
petitioners seek, in the matter of excise, should be
granted on the ground that the public good and just
relief to tho railroad companies, and especially to
a very important branch of industry, imperiously
demand it.
"But suppose iron bridges should be struck from the
free list, and this act in other respects become a law,
how would iron bridges be affected bv it ? Take the
bridge, for example, contemplated at Dubuque. It will
rcguirenot far from two thousand tons of wrought iron
being over a navigable stream; and the iron super-
structure will cost about $600,000. Tho excise tax on
tho separate parts of tho bridge would be, byduplica-
tion, $10,000; on the bridge as a completed manufac-
ture, $30,000; total $40,000. In the same way the ex-
ciso on the contemplated iron bridge at Quincy would
bo $50,000."
I will read no more from this memorandum.
I trust that the Senate will .see lit to non-concur
in the amendment suggested by the Committee
on Finance, and place iron bridges on the free
list. I think the public good requires it as well
as the interests of the railroad companies and
of the traveling public.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Committee on
Finance.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HOWARD. J now wish to amend that
clause so as to make it more exact in its sig-
nification. I move to insert after the words
"iron bridges'1 the words "and the parts
thereof,'* and to strike out the words "castings
for iron bridges," so that it will read, "iron
bridges and the parts thereof."
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know what
that would cover. I do not know what the
effect of it would be. AVhy not let it stand as
it is?
Mr. HOWARD. The reason of it is 
Mr.FESSENDEN. I do not think it is fair
to_ strike out everything connected with iron
bridges, because we do not know how it may
affect the residue of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. The reason of it is this:
the parts of an iron bridge must necessarily be
manufactured as such before the fabric is com-
pleted, and the object of my amendment is
simply to exempt those parts that have been
manufactured in anticipation of being put in
the structure from taxation.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know how far
that would go ; whether they ought to be ex-
empt ; or how it would affect other things in
the bill. The Senator lias had the clause re-
tained as it is: "iron bridges and castings for
iron bridges."
Mr. HOWARD. There is about half the
structure that consists of wrought iron.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Wrought iron is not
exempted anywhere, and it ought not to be
exempted anywhere.
Mr. HOWARD. I think the parts of iron
bridges made of wrought iron ought to be
exempt; but 1 will allow my amendment to
lie over for a moment.
The PRESIDENTprotempore. Theamend-
ment is withdrawn.
Mr. HOWARD. I will offer another amend-
ment to come in after line fifty-four.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest that the Sen-
ator had better retain his amendment for the
present- until the committee's amendments are
disposed of.
Mr. SPRAGUE. If the committee have no
objection, I should like to insert the word
"flax" after the word "hemp," in the forty-
ninth line, so that the clause will read, " hemp,
flax, and jute, prepared for textile or felting
purposes." It was probably omitted by mis-
take.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the Senator
had better withhold that for the present. That
is made into very much finer manufactures,
and it is doubtful whether it is expedient to
exempt flax. It would cover very large linen
factorieswhich are doing exceedingly well now.
The PRESIDENT pro-iempore. Does the
Senator from Rhode Island persist in his motion
to amend the bill?
Mr. SPRAGUE. I think it was intended to
be there, and 1 can see no possible objection
to it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has no connection
with this clause at all.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I withdraw my amend-
ment.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert after line fifty-four tho following:
"iron drain and sewer pipes."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-four,
after the word "plugs," to insert "cordage,
ropes, and cables made of vegetable fiber;"
so that the clause will read :
Masts, spars, ship and vessel blocks, and treenail
wedges, and deck-plugs, cordage, ropes, and cables
made of vegetable fiber.
Hie amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-seven,
after "fountains," to insert "and mead;" so
as to read "medicinal and mineral waters of
all kinds, sold in bottles or from fountains, and
mead."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment, was to strike out lines
sixty-eight and sixty-nine, as follows:
Mills and machinery for the manufacture of sugar,
sirup, and molasses from sorghum, imphee, beets, and
corn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose that question
was settled by the vote of the Senate yesterday.
This being included in the three per cent, pro-
vision, it should follow the same fate and be
left in.
The amendment was rejected.
The next amendment was in line seventy,
after the word "kinds," to insert "and peat,"
so as to read, " mineral coal of all kinds, and
peat,."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line eighty-six
to insert the word "printing" before " paper,"
and after the word "descriptions" to strike
out the words "except such as is manufac-
tured and used exclusively for wearing ap-
parel," and to insert "and tarred paper for
roofing and other purposes ;" so that the clause
will read:
Printing paper of all descriptions and tarred paper
for roofing and other purposes; books, maps, charts,
and all printed matter, and book-binding.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to inquire
of the chairman of the committee why it is
that other paper beside printing paper is still
subject to taxation?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It should probably bear
a slight duty, and we put it on the three per
cent. list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho next amendment was in line ninety-one,
after the word "hydrometer," to strikeout
the words "the product of;" in line ninety-
two, after the word "distillation," to insert
"or the products thereof;" and line ninety-
five, after the word "hydrometer," to insert
"provided, that such oil shall be subject to
the same inspection as illuminating oil;" so
that the clause will read:
Paraffinc; paraffinc oil, not exceeding in specific
gravity thirty-six degrees Baume's hydrometer, a
residuum of distillation, or the products thereof;
lubricating oil made from crudo petroleum, coal, or
shale not exceeding in specific gravity thirty-six
degrees Baume's hydrometer: Provided, That such
oil shall bo subject to tho saino inspection as illumi-
nating oil: crude petroleum, and crudo oil the prod-
uct of tho first and single distillation of coal, shale,
asphaltum, peat, 01* other bituminous substances.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and seventeen, after the words "railroad
iron," to insert "and fish-plates."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr.POMEROY. I am very glad to see that
railroad iron is placed 011 the free list. It will
be recolleetcd that we had a debate on the sub-
ject last year. The tarift'bill of last year raised
the tariff ou imported railroad iron ten cents
011 the hundred pounds because a tax was put
upon its manufacture in this country. We all
acquicsccd in that; but now the question oc-
curs, if we take off the tax from the manufacture
in this country, whether we ought not also, when
the tariff bill comes in, to reduce the duty
thereon.
Mr. FESSENDEN. We cannot act on the
tariff bill now, because it is not before us.
Mr. POMEROY. I understand that. I only
make this remark because I shall call attention
to it when the tariff bill comes in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I presume that matter
will be arranged in the tariff bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I am very glad this pro-
vision is incorporated here, but it will not make
railroad iron one cent cheaper unless tho tariff
is amended. The manufacturers will have the
benefit of no taxation, but it will not make a
difference of a cent a pound in the price in
the market.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator's argu-
ment will come in better on the tariff bill.
Mr. POMEROY. I intent! to make it there,
and here, too.
The next amendment was to strike out lines
one hundred and twenty-three and one hun-
dred and twenty-four, as follows :
Reapers, mowers, threshing-machines, and sepa-
rators; corn-sliellcrs, and wooden-ware.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. As that clause is re-
tained, I move to add at the end of it "cotton
and hay presses."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After line one hun-
dred and twenty-five I move to insert:
Residuums, the product of mineral, vegetable, or
animal substances drawn from stills after distillation.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
to insert after line one hundred and thirty-three
" saltpeter."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line one hun-
dred and forty, after the word ' • locks,'' to strike
out the words "or for machinery" and to insert
"safes, looms, spinning-machines, pumps, hot-
air and hot-water furnaces, and sewing-ma-
chines ;" so that the clause will road:
Spindles and castings of all descriptions made spe-
cially tor locks, safes, looms, spinning-machines,
pumps, steam-engines, hot-air and hot-water fur-
naces. and sewing-machines, and not sold or used for
any other purposes, and upon which a tax is assessed
and paid on the articlc of which tho casting is a part.
