1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4299
consin, reflecting severely upon me as a mem-
ber of this body, and instructing mo to resign
my seat.
These resolutions are in no manner addressed
to the Senate. It can take no action upon them
whatever. They are purely personal. Had my
colleague done as I think I should have done,
he would have given me notice of his intention
to present them, or waited a reasonable time
for me to be present. But, sir, I never stand
upon small things. If he had not presented
them I certainly should.
These resolutions are of such a character
that it is due to the State of Wisconsin ^ due to
the truth of history ; due to the cause of repub-
lican liberty in which for many years I have
been engaged; due to ray character, the only
legacy I have to leave to my children; and due
to the members of the Legislature who voted
for them, and to the Governor who approved
them, that I should not allow them to pass in
silence.
However reluctant a public man may be to
speak of himself and for himself, however
unbecoming it may be on ordinary occasions,
theseresolutions impose it upon me as an im-
perative duty, and I could not avoid it if I
would.
I am therefore compelled to speak of myself
and for myself to-day. I shall do so in all
sincerity, frankly, earnestly, it maybe without
fear, without favor—" more in sorrow than in
anger."
But the sorrow I feel is not for myself. It
is rather for those who, in the hurry and ex-
citement of the moment, without waiting to
hear or to consider the reasons for my action,
rushed to a conclusion under the tyranny of
caucus dictation as unwarranted as it is unjust.
And, sir, what are these charges against me?
1. Inconsistency, in having declared in the
Senate, just after the passage of the civil rights
bill in that body, that if I had been present I
should have voted for it, and some weeks
afterward, after a long discussion in the House,
and after the veto of the President had come
in, I refused to vote to pass that bill over the
veto.
2. That I refused to obey legislative in-
structions.
3. That I have united with the President to
oppose ''measures to secure peace, liberty,
and justice among all the people."
4. That I maintain the right of representa-
tion in u Congress of the southern people as
the inhabitants of States."
5. That I maintain the Lincoln-Johnson pol-
icy of reconstruction.
6. That I have deserted the cause of human
rights and republican government, and there-
fore it is my duty to resign my seat in this
body.
I will answer these charges briefly, and in
their order. And first, of this charge of incon-
sistency. Of all charges against a statesman
this is the terror of small and sharp minds. To
avoid criticism a public man may have a de-
cent regard to the consistency of his record.
But the statesman who, as questions arise,
feels himself bound hand and foot by some
previous vote or opinion, so that he cannot
freely reconsider his opinion or change his
vote, as his convictions of duty shall require,
is a moral coward, a cringing slave, unworthy
of his position, and unfit to represent the peo-
ple of a great State.
But this inconsistency in voting, or what was
the same thing, declaring that had I been pres-
ent I would have voted for the civil rights bill
upon its passage in the Senate, and then after
some weeks of discussion and considerationin
the House, and after the veto of the President,
voting against passing it over the veto, if there
be in that any inconsistency at all, it is more
apparent than real. Voting for a bill on its
passage is one thing. Voting for its passage
over the veto of the President is another aud
a very different thing. A hundred reasons
based upon principle or policy, or founded upon
political considerations alone, might be given
for refusing to pass a law over the President's
veto which do not apply to it upon its original
passage. Then no human being can be so blind
as not to see that it was of the greatest impor-
tance that this law, the object of which was to
secure the freedom of those emancipated by
the amendment to the Constitution, should be
so framed as to receive the sanction of all three
departments of the Government—of Congress,
of the Executive, and of the Supreme Court.
This law had, it is true, received the sanc-
tion of Congress, but not of the President,
who was to execute it; and whatever gentle-
men may say in the heat of political excite-
ment, it is very doubtful, to say the least,
whether some of the provisions of the law
will ever receive the sanction of the Supreme
Court. Every mind free from passion and
guided by reason alone, in so great a matter as
this, must desire to harmonize all three de-
partments of the Government. And that is
precisely what I labored to accomplish—to
frame a law which should enforce to the full-
est extent this new amendment to the Consti-
tution and secure to the freedmen every right
which it gives, and so drawn as to receive the
sanction of eyery department—legislative, ex-
ecutive, and judicial.
Sir, why did not these gentlemen in Yfiscon-
sin wait, before condemning me, to read the
law which I proposed, and which cost me
severe and careful study to frame, which I feci
assured would have received the sanction of
the judges of the Supreme Court and of the
President, and which I know would have de-
fended the freedman in every right the consti-
tutional amendment gives or authorizes by the
whole power of the Government?
Is it just, dignified, or becoming the Legis-
lature or government of a great State like Wis-
consin thus to condemn unheard one of its
Senators? I read:
A bill to provide appropriate legislation to enforce
articlc thirteen of the amendments to the Consti-
tution abolishing slavery in the United States.
Whereas slavery or involuntary servitude, except
as a punishment for crime, whereof the paity shall
have been duly convicted, has been abolished and
prohibited by article thirteen of the amendments to
the Constitution, lately ratified and adopted by tho
Legislatures of three fourths of all the States "within
this Union, which amendment is in the words follow-
ing, namely:
"Article XIII.
"Section 1. Neither slavery nor involuntary servi-
tude, except as a punishment for crime, wheroGf the
party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist
within th e United States or any place subj ect to their
jurisdiction.
"Sec. 2. Congress shall have power to enforce this
article by appropriate legislation
Therefore,
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Represent-
atives of the United States nf America in Conoress as-
sembled, That all persons heretofore held to slavery
or involuntary servitude, except as apunishmentfor
crime, whereof the party shall have been duly con-
victed under the laws of any State of the United
States, or of any of the Territories thereof, are here-
by declared to be free persons, and they and their
descendants shall be, and remain forever, free from
slavery or involuntary servitude, except in punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, anything in any law, statute, regu-
lation, custom, or constitution of any State or Terri-
tory to the contrary notwithstanding.
, Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That all laws and
customs having the force of law in'any State or Ter-
ritory heretofore or hereafter establishing, recogniz-
ing, maintaining, or regulating the right of property
in slaves, or tho relations of master and_ slave, are
hereby declared to be abrogated and abolished.
Sec. 3. And be it farther enacted, That any person
who shall unlawfully and in violation of the said
thirteenth amendment to the Constitution, and of
the provisions of this act, restrain or cause to be re-
strained of his or her liberty, with intent to subject,
or cause to be subjected, or to hold or to cause to be
held to service as aslaveorinvolftntary servant any
person, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and
on conviction shall be punished by line not exceed-
ing 61.000, or imprisonment not exceeding one year,
or both, in the discretion of the court.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall unlawfully, and in violation of the provis-
ions of the.said thirteenth amendment to the Constitu-
tion and the provisions of this act, restrain or cause
to be restrained of his or her liberty, with the intent
to hold or cause to be held to service as a slave or
involuntary servant, anyperson who has heretofore
been held to slavery or involuntary servitude under
the laws of any State or Tcrritoiy, and has been
emancipated by the said thirteenth amendment to
the Constitution, commonly called a freedinan, shall,
in addition to the paips and penalties provided in
the last preceding section of this act, be liable to be
prosecuted by the person injured, who shall be en-
titled to recover the sum of $1,000, in addition to all
damages sustained by such person, together with tho
costs ot th e prosecution; and in case any su<;h freed-
man shall, as party to any suit or legal pro-seeding,
civil or criminal, m the courts of the State cr Terri-
tory where he may reside, be denied any right secured
by article thirteen of amendments to the Constitu-
tion, he shall have a right to' remove the said cause
or proceeding into tho district or circuit courts of the
United States, which shall thereafter take cogni-
zance of the same, under such rules as may from time
to time be adopted by such court; and the said State
courts thereupon shall have no power to proeeed
further in said cause or proceeding; and the said
district or circuit courts shall also be empowered by
writs of mandamus and prohibition to stay all further
proceedings in the State courts, or under any judg-
ment or decree of the Same, until the same shall be
finally determined in the courts of the United States;
and the said district and circuit courts shall have
power, by writs of habeas corpus, mandamus, prohi-
bitions, and certiorari, or other writs or process, to
take cognizance of the rights secured by said amend-
ment to the Constitution to such freedman, and to
adjudge, decree, and enforce what shall be right in
the premises; anything'in any law, statute, custom,
or regulation in any State or Territory notwith-
standing.
Sec. 5. And be it further enacted. That if any person
shall kidnap or carry away any other person, whether
negro, mulaUo, or otherwise, with the intent that
such other person shall be sold or carried into in-
voluntary servitude or held as a slave; or if any
per&on shall cnticc, persuade, or knowingly induce
any other person to go on board any vessel or to any
other place, with the intent that he or she shall be
made or held as a slave or sent out of the country to
bo so m ad e or held, or shall in any way knowingly aid
in causing any other person to be held, sold, or car-
ried away, to bo held or sold as a slave, he or she
shall be punished, on conviction thereof, by a fine of
not less than $500 nor more than $5,000, or by im-
prisonment not exceeding five years, or by both of
said punishments.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That if the master
or owners, or person having charge of any vessel, shall
receive on board any other person, whether negro,
mulatto, or otherwise, with the knowledge or intent
that such person shall be carried from any State,
Territory, or district of tho United States, to a for-
eign country. State, or place, to be held or sold as a>
slave, or shall carry away from any State, Territory,
or district of the United States any such person,with
the intent that he or she shall be so held or sold as a
slave, such master, owner, or other person offending
shall be punished by a fine not exceeding $5,000 nor
less than &500, or by imprisonment not exceeding five
years, or by both of said punishments. And the vessel
on board which said person was received to be carried
away shall be forfeited to the United States.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That the district
courts of the United States, within their respective
districts, shall have cognizance of all crimes and of-
fenses committed against the provisions of this act,
and also, concurrently with the eiicuit courts of the
United State?, of all civil causes under thi3 act. Tho
jurisdiction in civil and criminal matters hereby con-
ferred on the district and circuit courts of the United
States shall be exercised and enforced in conformity
with the laws of the United States, so far as such
laws are suitable to carry the same into effect; but
in all cases where such laws are not adapted to the
object, or arc deficient in the provisions necessary to
furnish suitable remedies and punish offenses against
law, the common law, as modified and changed by
the constitution and statutes of the State wheren tho
court having jurisdiction of the cause, civil or crim-
inal, is held, so far as the same is not inconsistent with
the Constitution and laws of the UnitedStates, shall
bo extended to and govern said courts in the trial
and disposition of such cause, and, if of a criminal
nature, in the infliction of punishment on the party
found guilty: Provided, That nothing herein con-
tained sb ll prevent any State or Territory from
providing by law for the trial and punishment, in
the courts of such State or Territory, of any person
who may be adjudged under the laws thereof to be
guilty of false imprisonment or kidnaping, or pre-
vent any person from bringing a prosecution in such
courts to recover damages sustained by him by rea-
son of such false imprisonment or kidnaping, under
the laws of such State or Territory.
Sec. 8. And be it further enacted. That the district
attorneys, marshals, anddeputy marshals ofthe Uni-
ted States, and the commissioners appointed by the
circuit and territorial courts of the U nited States, in
case any person heretofore held to slavery or invol-
untary servitude, commonly called a freeman, shall
be restrained of hisliberty by any person, with intent,
in violation ofthe thirteenth amendment to theCon-
stitution and of the provisions of this act, to subject
him to slavery or involuntary servitude, shall, at the
expense of the United States, apply immediately for
the writ of habeas corpus to bring such freedman be-
fore the proper court or officer, to the end thatspeedy
justice may be done in the premises.
Sec. 9. And be it further enacted, Thatit shallbethe
duty of all marshals and deputy marshals to obey and
execute all warrants and precepts issued under the
provisions of this act, when to them directed; ana
should any marshal or deputy marshal refuse to re-
ceive such warrant or other process when tendered,
or to use all proper means diligently to execute the
same, he shall, on conviction thereof, be fined in the
sum of $1,000, to the use of the person upon whom the
accused is allegedtohavecommittedtheoiiense; and
in the execution of such process they shall have au-
thority to summon and call to their aid the by?tanu-
ers or yosne comitatus of the proper county, and they
may apply to the President of the United States, who
is hereby authorized to employ such portion of the
