1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
SS5
will take at least five Jersey soldiers to coun-
terbalance the vote of each South Carolina
voter in that district? Thevotes.in the gentle-
man's district will number more than five to
one in that district. If there must be inequal-
ity, the patriot soldier should, in my judgment,
outweigh the pardoned but bloody handed trai-
tor in the councils of the nation.
Mr. ROGERS. The argument which I was
making was tending to answer the very objection
which the gentleman makes.
Now, sir, I hold to the doctrine of the Con-
stitution as it is, allowing the States to exercise
sovereign control and power over the qualifica-
tions and rights of the whole voting population.
I say that if the State of South Carolina, or the
State of Louisiana, in the exercise of its sov-
ereign and delegated powers, sees fit to enfran-
chise those who have taken up arms against the
flag of their country, it is within their discretion
and under their control, and under the Consti-
tution of the United States and the organic law
of their own States they may exercise that right.
An d 1 et me say to gentlemen that when the State
of Missouri struck at the foundation of political
rights and political society and disfranchised one
half or two thirds of the population of the State
because tliey took up arms against the country,
it degraded the memory of Washington and his
compeers who declared by revolution and appeal
to God that they would be free from Great Brit-
ain because she attempted to exercise the pow-
ers of despotism and tyranny over them, and the
action of that State is a burning disgrace upon
the proud record of civil, political, and religious
liberty in this country.
Ah ! sir, it will yet have to be admitted—it
has been admitted by all men—that the right
of revolution is an inherent power which God
Almighty has implanted in the human breast.
Whenever a people believe they are oppressed
by despotism and tyranny, and have sufficient
power to throw them off, they have the right to
resort to revolution.
Without saying anything in disparagement of
the sages and heroes of the Revolution, do not
let us forget that had it not been for revolution
the first flag of liberty would never have been
planted on this continent; and that by tb e hi ood
of the sires of the Revolution are we to-day en-
joying, because of their revolution against Eng-
land, the proud heritage of civil liberty, which
I want to hand down to the people of this coun-
try and their children and children's children
unimpaired for ever and ever.
Now, sir, do not let me be reported as favor-
ing secession. I am here to stand by the doc-
trines of Andrew Johnson. I am here to re-
construct these States at once. I would go
further. I would open the halls of legislation
in this country to our erring brethren, and in a
Christian spirit say to them, '• Come here through
your Representatives into the Halls of Congress;
let us bind ourselves together as a band of
brothers, and march in joint phalanx to the
halls of tlio Montezumas, and drive the impe-
rial despot from his throne.'' [Applause in
the galleries.]
Sir, it is because I love my country, because
I love these States, because I love the grand
foundations of liberty which were cemented by
the blood of our fathers, that 1 invoke the Power
above to so control and direct our hearts that
every single one of the stars and stripes which
now emblazon them selves upon that glorious
flag shall wave in triumph from one end of this
country to the other. Jt is because this joint
resolution saps the foundation of the principles
which induced our fathers to spill their blood
upon the battle-fields of the Revolution that I,
in mv humble capacity as a Representative of
one of the old thirteen States, and as a Repre-
sentative of this whole Union, use my voice and
my power in behalt <u that great constitutional
Government which gives us peace, liberty, hap-
piness, and prosperity, ami whose foundations
were laid broad, strolie'. and deep in the begin-
ning by George \V ashing'ton and the other
patriots and heroes of the Revolution.
Sir, why should South Carolina, North Car-
olina, Virginia, Florida, and the. other glorious
States of this Union have such a law as this
passed upon them, taking away representation
from half their population, when tyranny-and
despotism are preventing their Representatives
from entering the Halls of legislation of the
country, and preventing them from joining the
body of the vox populi and speaking out in.
opposition to the legislation proposed by the
portion of the States now assembled in Congress?
Why, sir, take two or three States of' the
South; take South Carolina apd the other three
States whose negroes constitute a majority of
the population. By the passage of this joint
resolution you strip them of more than one half
of the whole representation for which their
fathers, side by side with the men of the North,
shed their blood ; that blood which now glows
in the veins of us, their descendants. That rep-
resentation they derived, based not upon the
voting population, but upon the whole people
who are free, without, regard to their race or
color. If this amendment shall pass, and New
.Tersey shall alter her organic law and strike from
it the word "white," and give to her colored
population a qualified suffrage, still she can
have no representation for any of the race or
color who have their franchise abridged by rea-
son of that qualification. Would it not be bet-
ter, be more consonant to reason and to com-
mon sense, would it not be doing according to
■the injunction of Holy Writ, "Do unto others
as ye would have others do unto you," to sub-
mit this organic law to the people of the different
States? This amendment provides that when-
ever any portion of the colored population shall
have but qualified suffrage, on account of race
or color, the whole of that population shall be
excluded from the basis of representation. It
goes so far that if New Jersey pass a law allow-
ing such of her black population to vote as can
read the Constitution of the United States, and
although every negro in that State eould take
advantage of that qualification and could read
the Constitution of the United States except
one, then New J ersey would lose the advantage
of representation for the whole of that popula-
tion. Will honorable gentlemen stand here in
the face of this country, and the intelligence
and patriotism of the masses of the South, and
say to them, now when reason ought to have
resumed its sway and the roaring of cannon
ceased, 11 we shall so far exercise our power in a
tyrannical manner as to prohibit representation
to a State for its colored population if a single
man of that colored population is prohibited
from voting by the operation of a qualification
based upon property, intelligence, or anything
else?"
But I object to this joint resolution upon an-
other ground—upon the same ground that I
objected to the passage of the negro suffrage bill
for the District of Columbia—without consult-
ing the people. It has been said in this coun-
try that all power emanates from the people.
And 1 say that t o submit this grave question to
the consideration and decision of partisan Le-
gislatures in (lie different States, Legislatures
which were elected without any regard to this
question, is violative cf the great principles
which lie at the foundations of the liberties of
thi« country ; that no organic law, affecting the
whole people, should be passed before submit-
ting it to the people for their ratification or re-
jection. Now this joint resolution proposes
simply to submitting amendment for ratification
to the Lesislalnres of the different States.
The Legislatures are not the States; the Legis-
latures are not the people in their sovereign
capacity: Legislatures are not the source from
which all power emanates. But the people,
the sacred people, in the exercise of their sov-
ereign power, either at the ballot-box or in con-
ventions. are the only true and proper forum
to which such gra\ e and serious questions
should be submitted. If the people of I he Uni -
led Suites want negro suffrage, unqualified and
unabridged, to be adopted in the United States
of America, I. as a Democrat, as a citizen be-
lieving in the power of the majority, will yield
to their decision. But I want that decision
rendered in the manner contemplated by the
spirit of self-government and not by Represent-
atives of the people who have not been elected
with reference to the decision of this question.
Let it be submitted to conventions of the peo-
ple, the delegates to which can be instructed to
vote for or against inflicting a penalty in this
indirect manner upon States, if they do not
choose to adopt the policy of unqualifiedyiegro
Why, sir, as I stated in the argument I made
against the adoption of the bill passed by this
House to inflict the disgraceful policy of negro
suffrage upon the unoffending, harmless, and*
unprotected people of this District, I am now
here to remind gentlemen that the State of Kan-
sas was refused admission into the Union be-
cause her constitution, framed by the convention
at Lecompton, had not been submitted directly
to the people for their ratification or rejection.
And you may look through the history of the
States, and you will find nowhere in modern
times, within a period of forty years, a State
that has adopted or changed its organic law
without first submitting the propositidn which
its Legislature or convention has adopted to the
people at the ballot-box, where they can decide
directly whether they want it or not.
Now, gentlemen, I am ready to meet this ne-
gro question. I am ready to go before the peo-
ple of this country upon this policy; and I say
that if we submit this question to the sovereign
people in the election of delegates, so that they
may pass upon it directly, we shall then have
atlcast an invitation on the partofthree fourths
of the States to the other States to adopt un-
qualified negro suffrage. But when this ques-
tion is submitted to the Legislatures that were
elected without any regard to the question em-
braced in this bill, controlled by party rules, and
acting under the party whip, they will be com-
pelled to adopt it as a party measure, whether
they approve it or not, as many members in this
House voted the other day upon the question
of negro suffrage in the District of Columbia.
Now. sir, when the Constitution was adopted
every State that then constituted the Union had
a negro population, quite a largo population,
too; and every State except the State of Mas-
sachusetts had a slave race. Now, sir, with a
few exceptions, the negroes were not permitted
to vote. By the Constitution of the United
States none of them could exercise the right of
voting ; it was only under the organic laws of
the States, adopted in the exercise of their sov-
ereign power, that the negroes had the right to
vote in any State. Yet neither the framers of
the Constitution nor anybody else at that day
claimed that it would not be light to allow rep-
resentation for the colored population, whether
that population was entitled to vote or not.
Now, sir, I maintain that the Constitution of the
United States, as it now exists, is not as liberal
toward the southern States, now that slavery
has been abolished, as it was before the aboli-
tion of slavery. Why, sir, in the days of tlio
past, under our Constitution, t he southern States
have been allowed a, representation for a popu-
lation that was not classed as citizens or people;
they were allowed a representation for people
who had no political status in the State, per-
sons who were not entitled even to exercise the
right of coining into a court of civil justice as
a plaintiff or defendant in the prosecution or
defense of a suit.
Now, after the raging fires of war have swept
from the domain of every Stale in the South
the pernicious institution of slavery, after ^tho
result has been that every slave has received
his freedom, after the slaves have gained more
by the success of this war than any other class
of people in the United States._ white men, men
who are the representatives of the white race,
come here proposing to compel the States, on
pain of being deprived of a portion of their rep-
resentation, to allow all the negroes within their
limits to vote, without regard to nullification or
anything else, while under the same provision
the State may, by its organic law, impose quali-
fications and conditions upon the exercise of the
right of suffrage by the white population.
Why, sir, four million slaves have been set
