1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
formity with the statute obligations of their
charter.
Mr. GRIMES. These gentlemen werecalled
on just as they had been called on before. This
Academy of Sciences, I think, referred all the
questions of science as to which their opinion
was asked by the Government to the men to
whom such questions had been hitherto referred
by the Government, Professor Bache, Professor
Henry, and Commodore Davis. They were all
in our employ and drawing salaries from us
before.
Mr. SUMNER. These three gentlemen we
all know are in our employ, one of them now
being abroad an invalid. I hope, sir, that this
will not be stricken out. The amount is not
large ; and under the circnmstances, consider-
ing the connection between the Government
and the Academy, the statute ligament, if I
may so express myself, that there is, the small-
ncss of the sum, the character of this associa-
tion of gentlemen, the value of their services,
the importance that the association should be
encouraged, that it should not be allowed to
fail, and as Senators are aware also of the com-
parative want of means on the part of scientific
gentlemen to make these publications them-
selves— under these circnmstances, I submit
that the Senate should not set itself against the
conclusion already adopted by the House of
Representatives in favor of this appropriation.
I hope it will be allowed to remain in the bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I cannot sec the slight-
est authority we have to do any such thing as
to establish an Academy of Sciences and pay
for their publications. It was expressly speci-
fied that, this was to cost the Government noth-
ing ; they only wanted a charter ; they wanted
a name to be given them by Congress, to be
called the National Academy of Sciences. That
was the argument, and they were incorporated
by Congress ; and now, though it was not to
he any expense whatever, the first thing we
have is a call made on us to publish their re-
ports ; and we must go on. if we begin, pub-
lishing scientific reports year after year when
we have tried to put a stop to publishing these
outside matters, ft is not the appropriate
business of Congress, and I do not see that
there is any propriety in it. I have great re-
spect for these gentlemen ; but if they want us
to publish their reports now, when they asked
to be incorporated by Congress at any rate
they should have given us fair notice of what
they wanted us to do. The thing will grow,
and by and by wo shall have a Bureau of
Science and then a Department of Science, and
the head of it will claim to be one of the Cab-
inet, as the Bureau of Agriculture has grown
up. People said that was to cost nothing;
they did not ask anything, only a man to rep-
resent the farmers; they did not want any in-
crease of expenditure. But wdiat was the re-
sult ? It doubled the first year and quadrupled
the second, and is now going on at that rate.
The result will be the same in this case. Al-
though I am, as every tolerably educated gen-
tleman ought to be, in favor of the increase of
knowledge among men, I apprehend that that
is not our business.
Mr. SUMNER. One word more, if you
please, Mr. President. I am not aware that
there was any such statement as I hear now
for the first, time 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Ask your colleague.
Mr. SUMNER. I did ask him now, and I
got no answer affirming the statement of the
Senator from Maine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I remember it dis-
tinctly.
Mr" SUMNER. I am not aware, at any rate,
that any such statement was made, and even
if it was I do not know that I would consider
it very important: but I have no recollection
of it. Now, as to the suggestion of the Sena-
tor from Maine that if we vote this it opens
the way to something vast and infinite and
magnificent in the future in regard to science,
that does not make me tremble. I am not
frightened at that, even though it may involve
some expense, perhaps, in the next generation,
for I do not think that we shall arrive at any-
thing so vast and magnificent short of' a gen-
eration. The simple question now is on the
proposition before us, and I beg Senators not
to involve that proposition with the larger ques-
tion which the Senator from Maine so inge-
niously opens in some distant futurity, as to
whether we may not be called to sustain a
Bureau and then a Department of Science, the
head of which may claim a seat in the Cabinet.
I do not know that that would not be a happy
event. I certainly will not venture now to take
ground against it. One of the most important
cabinet ministers, as we all know, of one of
the most civilized Governments of the age,
goes under the name of the Minister of Public
Instruction—I refer to France—and that place
has been filled by some of the most eminent
personages in France, who have illustrated the
history of this age. Sir, I do not know that
we should suffer if wo had something like that
in our country now. But there is no such prop-
osition before the Senate. I beg therefore to
eliminate it. I merely refer to it simply be-
cause it has been introduced by the Senator in
order to divert attention from the simple prop-
osition before us. The proposition before us
involves no such thing as he opens to the view.
It is, will you pay a very small sum for the pub-
lication of the proceedings of an eminent asso-
ciation of gentlemen incorporated under your
auspices, and by your very statute of incorpo-
ration placing themselves and their labors at
the disposal of the Government? By that stat-
ute, and by the obligations this association have
assumed to the Government, 1 submit that their
position is exceptional. They are not, if I may
so express it. outsiders. They bear a certain
relation to the Government, and I should be
glad to recognize it in the very humble way
which is now proposed by this clause.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the Senator from
Massachusetts if he has looked over the annual
proceedings of this association.
Mr. SUMNER. Yes, 1 have.
Mr. HOWE. Will the Senator bo good
enough to state what he found in those annual
proceedings that he thinks arc of national in-
terest to the publicV
Mr. SUMNER. They are proceedings that
bear on important questions of science ; and I
submit to my excellent friend that there is no
question of science at this moment that is not
important to the country.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes twenty,
noes not counted.
The next amendment was to insert after line
five hundred and thirteen of section one the
following:
To supply a deficiency in the fund for the relief of
sick and disabled seamen, $175,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line five hun-
dred and thirty-three of section one, to strike
out ''one hundred ' and insert "fifty so that
the clause will read :
for expenses in detecting and brinsc'inff to trial and
punishment person? engaged in eounrertoitinprTreas-
nry notes, bonds, and other securities of the United
States, as welt as the coins of the United States,
$50,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, to
strike out from line five hundred and forty-three
to five hundred and forty-seven inclusive, as
follows:
For compensation to Charles JB. Stuart, for services
as engineer, under appointment by the President, in
examining, revising, and reporting upon the survey
and estimates for the several proposod gunboat
canals, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, line
five hundred and fifty two, to strike out' 'twenty''
and insert "thirty," so that the proviso to the
appropriation for the Portland custom-house
will read:
I'rm'idpd, That the Secretary of the Treasury may,
if ho thinks it advisable, expend a sum. not exceed-
ing $35,000, in the purchase of ground adjoining the
site of the old custom-house on l?ore street, now
owned by the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out from
section one, lines five hundred and sixty-seven,,
five hundred and sixty-eight, five hundred and
sixty-nine, and five hundred and seventy, as!
follows:
For expenses of the census of Arizona Territory,
taken in the year 1864, to be audited and paid under
the supervision of the Secretary of the Interior,
$4,160.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, to
strike out from line five hundred and eighty-
eight to five hundred and ninety-one inclusive,
as follows:
To enable the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to
William Handy, of the Treasury Department, for
extra clerical services, such sum asmay be found due,
not exceeding $500.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out of
section one, lines five hundred and ninety-two
and five hundred and ninety-three, as follows:
For compensation to John Hopley, for services in
indexing the national currency act, $100.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out in line
five hundred and ninety-nine, section one, the
following proviso:
Provided, That no part of the sums appropriated
by the provisions of this actshall be expended in vio-
lation of the piovisions of tho act entitled "An act
to prescribean oath of oiliee, ;tnd for other purposes,"
approved July 2,18(32.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section ten, after
line twenty-two, to insert among the appropri-
ations for contingent expenses of the House of
Representatives:
For foldine documents, including materials, $25,000.
For miscellaneous items, $10,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will say by way of
explanation that it is not customary to put in
appropriations to make up deficiencies of the
House, in the Senate; but these items were
omitted there accidentally, and by the request
of the chairman the estimate was sent to us that
we might put it in here.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert in section
ton tho following:
Contingent expenses of the Senate, namely:
For stationery, $15,000.
For clerks, pages, horses, carryalls, <fcc., $27,000.
For miscellaneous items, $5,000.
For fuel and repairs of heating and ventilating
apparatus, to be provided under the charge ot tho
Sergeant-at-Arms, $16,250. i
For furniture purchased and repairs dono by the
Serjeant-at-Arms, under the direction of the Com-
miltec to Audit and Controlthe Contingent Expenses
of the Senate,$23,500.
For additional labor in thofoldmg-room and around
Senate Chamber, $5,000.
To supply a deficiency in tho appropriation for the
Capitol police under the act, of April 22,1854, to bo
paid to the widow ot ]>avid Vose, late a policemanm
the crypt, being twenty per cent, on his salary from
December 4,1861, to July 8,1864, $532, to be expended
under tho direction of the Commissioner of Publio
Buildings.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section eleven,
line four, to strike out "Theopliilus H. Glad-
win ; " in line nine to strike out" C." and insert
" W.,"soastoiead "J.W. Morehcad; "tostrike
out "T." and insert " S.," so as to road "S. P.
Lee; " strike out"II.W." and insert" W. II.,"
so as to read " W. H. Salter; " in line eleven to
strike out "T." and insert "S.,"so as to read
'•S. S. Baker;" in line thirteen to strike out
'"TV and insert "S.," so as to read "E. S.
Brossius;"in line fourteen to strike out ^ D.'
and insert" B.," so as to read '' R.B. Guillien;
in line fifteen to strike out"'Gohun" and insert
" Goheen," so as to read "Charles Goheen; "
in line seventeen to strike out "Overend" and
insert "Ourand," so as to read"W. H. E.
Ourand; "to strike out"S. B." and insert "L.
P.," so as to read "L. P. Porter; "in line eigh-
teen to strike out" Bowland'' and insert'1 Row-
land," so as to read "J. L. Rowland; " in line
nineteen to strike out"F." and insert "T.," so
