1420
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
as to read " T. J. Schea;'1 and in line twenty-one
to insert "J. C. Green and Lewis E. Rauter-
burg," so that the section if thus amended
• would read;
That fche proper accounting officers of the Treasury
Department be, and they are hereby, authorized to
pay A. D. Collingsworth, 0. H. Vcdder, Edward It.
Sherman, Charles C. Adams, Samuel w. Tuckcr, J.
G. Adams, A. Bcngiral, J. C. Parker, J. A. Odell, V.
Barnes, T. Gladman, R. A. Cronin, T. N. Adams, J. C.
CIcary, W. D. Lindsay, A. Jcwett, jr., P. Cochin, B.
C. Farless, J. P. Townscnd, C. W. Odell, J. W. More-
head, S. P. Lee, W. H. Salter, James Cross, J. R.
Creed, H. B. Rourke, E. A. Lipscomb, George Cotten-
ham, C. A. Perkins, W. B. Cudlipp, S. S. Baker, J. M.
Conroy, 0. W. Boyden, J. 0. Armes, J. Bellows, E. S.
Brossius, J. J. Calvert, F. G.Calvert,G.D.Curtis, W.
B. Dyer, D. A. Pish, A. H. Gillespie, R. B. Guillien,
Charles Goheen, II. Holmes, G. C. Ilolliday, B. E.
Messcr, E. C. Mcsser, P. Madden, \V. McK.ce, W. H.
E. Ourand, L. P. Porter, P. W. Pearson, J. L. Row-
land, C. V. Kotterdcn, E. J. Schale, E. J. Sweet, T.
J. Schea, J. C. Williams, J. G. Wilson, L. K. Brown,
J. II. Gunn, H. A. Dobson, J. A. Mclntire, V. 13.
Munson, J. J. Dickens, W. E. Armes, J. C. Green,
Lewis E. Rautcrburg, and B. W. Parsons, employed
by the deputy provost marshal ot the District of
Columbia in the enrolling-office of said marshal for
night work and special service performed in pur-
suance of a contract between said clerks and said
provost marshal, such accounts being properly certi-
fied upon the rolls, or by said deputy provost mar-
shal, and the amount necessary therefor is hereby
appropriated out of any money in the Treasury not
otherwise appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
_ The next amendment was in section eleven,
line twenty-eight, to strike out "amount neces-
sary therefor" and to insert "and the sum of
$3,300, or so much thereof as may be neces-
sary," so that the clause will read:
In pursuance of a contract between said clerks
and said provost marshal, such accounts being prop-
orJy certified upon the rolls, or by said deputy pro-
vost marshal, and the sum of $3,360, or so much
thereof as uuy bo necessary, is hereby appropriated
out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise
appropriated.
Mr. WILSON*. I do not understand this
proposition. It seems to me that in-this little
District this is a pretty large sum to pay for
extra work. It may be all right; but I doubt
whether there is a congressional district in the
country where any such sum as this was paid
for night work. I do not believe this District
furnished a great many men for the war. I
feel constrained to vote against this proposi-
tion. It looks to me like a job.
Mr. GRIMES. I should really like to know
how much this number of clerks is in excess
of the number of men this District furnished
to the Army? [Laughter.]
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate will notice
that the amount, to bo paid to each is very
small, and there are a very large number of
tlicm.^ One was employed for instance one or
two nights ; another foi special service to take
care of the concern, &c. I will slate to the
Senate that the matter was very carefully ex-
amined by the House of Representatives, and
then it was brought up to us, and the rolls were
very carefully scrutinized and found to be cor-
reef, and the allowances not unreasonable.
'Mr. WILSON. If the Senator from Maine
has examined this matter and is satisfied with
it, I do not object; but it seems very extraor-
dinary.
Mr. GRIMES. "Why do they stand on a dif-
ferent basis from any other district?
Mr. LESSEN DEN. 1 suppose the other
districts where the same work was performed
won id be entitled to the same allowance.
Mr. GRIMES. Why the necessity for this
kind of work being done here more than in
any other district?
Mr. FESSENDEN". That was explained to
the .satisfaction of the committee.
Mi\ GRIMES. Now, let the committee
explain it to our satisfaction.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The papers are here,
and if gentlemen deem ifc important to make a
point upon this matter, they can be read.
Mr. GRIMES. It is an appropriation of
nearly four thousand dollars, and that is im-
portant.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator will
bundle?^611007 ^ PaPers this
- Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senator from
Iowa does not want all those documents read.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Here is a letter from
the provost marshal to General Fry:
Office of Provost Marshal a\t>
Board of Exhollment of the
District of Columbia,
Washington, 1). C., October 17,
General: Thinking I may not have stated all tho
facts in the matter of payment of employes in this
office for night work, and that after knowing this
you might modify your dcci&ion, I beg leave to make
the following statement:
I found on taking charge of this office that the en-
rolling clerks were at work evenings in the office
until eleven and twelve o'clock, under the promise
of Captain Sheetz of extra pay tor such night work,
also that some of the enrolling officers after working
all day enrolling in the different sub-districts came
to the office in the evenings and copied sheets. I was
told that'the extra pay lor night work was allowed
and paid last year, and supposed that Captain Slieetz:
knew that it would be paid this year, or he would
not havo employed them. I did not inquire into the
matter further, but employed others with the same
understanding and supposed thatit would all be paid,
until I returned to the office the latter pait of August,
when I learned that it had been refused.
Most of the time ot this night work I had as many
men employed on tho rolls as could work to advan-
tage at once, and if the men had not been employed
in-tho evenings it would have taken as many more
days. The clerks could do more work in the evenings
because tho office was quiet. During tho month of
June 1 had not room enough for the clerks in the day
time, and could not hire a room in the vicinity, and
borrowed Lieutenant Colonel K M. Greene's, office to
work in evenings. A great many of these clerks
would not have worked at three dollars per-day if
they supposed they would berequircd to work even-
ings, as they could have dono better elsewhere.
Another consideration is, this was only temporary
employment with no certainty how long it would
last, and no claim is made by the regular clerks,
Most of the^o clerks are poor, and depended on
the extra pay,that is, while tlicy were at work they
thougnt they were earning it and spentit accordingly,
and now after it is done they do not receive it; there-
fore a great many of them find themselves so much
m debt.
. I do not think that these men should suffer for ray
ignorance, or carelessness on my part; and the only
excuse I can offer is the precedent of last year and
the apparent justness of the claim.
Hoping, General, toi eccivc your favoiable decision
soon, as tkese men apply to me daily for this money,
I remain very respectfully your obedient servant,
. „ J.C.PUTNAM,
Captain First Regiment "Veteran Reserve corps, cind
Provost Morxlxil District of Columbia.
Brigadier General Jamfs B. Fry,
Provost Marshal General.
That is the statement of the provost marshal.
1^ havc^ here a petition stating all the facts.
Ihere is no doubt about the employment of
these parties and the fact that they performed
the labor and thatthe sum allowedis reasonable.
Mr. HOW E. Vt ill t h e chairman state whether
the Provost Marshal General had not under the
law in these offices the authority to allow to
every one of his deputy provost marshals just
such amount for clerk lure and other assistance
as he found to be necessary?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems that he did
not do so in this case.
Mr. IIOWE. Well, that is my objection to
voting for this appropriation. The law em-
powered the Provost Marshal General, as I
recollect, to authorize the employment of just
as many clerks as he thought necessary. He
knew the work to be done in these offices ; they
were constantly in communication with him.
When they wanted another clerk, I know it
was the custom in such districts as I knew any-
thing of the law in to make an application ; I
never knew that he was meager or penurious
in making these allowances. I suppose there
is not a congressional district in the United
States that had not more work to be done than
was neccssary to be done in this'district, sim-
ply because there is a larger population in every
congressional district than there is in this. This
is the most compact provost marshal's district
that there is. If such a claim as this can be
substantiated here, it must be substantiated
more easily and more conclusively in every
other district of the United States.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to inquire
whether this is for extra compensation to clerks
employed in the different Departments.
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; not clerks in
other Departments.
Mr, MORRILL. I notice one name here
that I have reason to suppose is that of a clerk
in the Treasury Department.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Which is that?
Mr. MORRILL. J. G. Adams.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is for night work
and special service.
Mr. MORRILL. If it is for extra service,
I am opposed to it' for the reason that I am
satisfied the clerks here are not overworked.
I had occasion yesterday to be called into one
portion of the city to inspect the condition of
the colored people, and a gentleman whose
name was J. G. Adams 
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the "negro" is get-
ting into it, I will give it up.
Mr. MORRILL. He is getting into the ne-
groes; that is the trouble. [Laughter.] He main-
tains a row called the Adams row—I can only
describe it as a pen hardly suitable for dogs or
animals of any description—into which have
been crowded some six hundred people in the
most filthy and offensive condition it is pos-
sible to conceive. He maintains a nuisance
within the limits of this city, and has plenty of
time to look after it and to collect personally,
as I understand he does, from these poor creat-
ures four or five dollars each per month for a
little miserable tenament.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have not the slightest
objection to striking out the whole section if
the Senate think fit.
Mr. MORRILL. I have no particular feel-
ing toward tho individual, but I only referred
to it to show that these people have plenty of
time.
Mr. CONNESS. This seems to be a very
small appropriation, and when you subdivide
it by the number of names it becomes smaller
still. I have often had occasion to observe the
amount of work running through a portion of
this period that certain clerks were required to
perform,_ and I think if it had secured general
observation there would not be so much ob-
jection to this proposition. I think that while
we swallo w camels as often as we do it is hardly
worth while to strain at a gnat of this kind.
Of course I concede, as I have no right to do
otherwise, that every proposed appropriation
of public money is exposed to scrutiny; but I
beg Senators to remember that the parties to
this appropriation arc poor; that they are not
that class who are affluent, but that they are
of that class who have needs. It is a small
matter.
. GRIMES. I suppose there is not a
district in the United States where there will
not be claims presented, and on just as sub-
stantial a basis as this, the moment it is known
that we have adopted this provision. I think
my colleague, who was Governor of our State
during a considerable portion of the war. and
who was familiar with the condition of things
there, will bear testimony that the clerks of
the provost marshals there were in tho habit
of writing till eleven or twelve o'clock at night,
and never thought of making an application to
Congress for extra pay. Let it be known there
that they get extra pay here in this District,
and they will certainly make a claim. It, is
not so small a matter as the Senator from Cal-
ifornia seems to suppose. It is the entering
wedge by which we are going to vote vast sum's
of money out of the Treasury, and I am satis-
tied it ought not to be adopted.
Mr. CONNESS. If it were that I should
vote against it, but I would not like to do these
men an injury, simply from fear that should be
the ease.
Mr. JOHNSON. I shall not vote to strike
out this appropriation. I take the fact to be
as it is stated on the face of the bill itself, that
there was a contract between the provost mar*
shal-and these clerks that they were to be paid,
and from General Fry's character I take it for
granted.
Mr. GRIMES. General Fry has refused the
claim.
Mr. JOHNSON". He has rejected it siraplv
because he had no authority to pass it. I speak
of the bill 5 all I know of the facts is what I
