4300
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28,
militia, or of the land- or naval forces of' tie United
States as may be necessary to- the execution of snob
warrants or other process i  conformity with the pro-
visions of this act; and saidi warrants' shall run and
bo executed by said officers anywhere in the State or
Territory within which they are issued-.
Sec. 10. Awl be it further enacted, That any person
who shft'lt knowingly and willfully obstruct, hinder-,
©r prevent any otlk'er or-other person charged with
the execution of any warrantor process issued awter
theprovislonsof tMsact,or n-y persoa-orpcrsons-law-
ful-ly assisting him or fcbem, from- arresting any person
for whose- apprehension-such warrant or proeess ma-y
have been- issued, or shall rescue orattempt to rescue
such person from the- eUBtody of the officer, other
person or persons, orthoso lawfully as sis t m friei a-fo r c -
said-, when so arrested pursuant to the authority
herein given- and declared; orsha® aid, abet, or assist
any person- so arrested as- aforesaid, directly or in-
directly, to escape from the custody of She officer or
other person legally authorised as aforesaid; or shall
harbor or conceal any person for whoiso arrest a war-
rant or process shall have been issued as -tforo?:itid,
so as to prevent his discovery and arrest after notice
or knowledge of the fact that a warrant has been
issued for the apprehension of such person, shall, for
either of said offenses, be subject to a fine not ex-
ceeding $1,000, and imprisonment not exceeding- six
months, by indictment and conviction before the dis-
trict eourt of the United States for thodistrict in which
said offense may have been committed-, or before the
proper court of criminal jurisdiction, if committed
wilhtn. any one of the organized Territories of tho
United States.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That the district
attorneys, the mai^hals, [ heir depute;.-, and the clerks
of I ho said-district and territorial courts shall bo paid
for tlieir services the like foes as may be-allowed to
tliom for similar sorvicos in other oases; and in all
eases-where tho proceedings aro boforo a commis-
sioner, ho shall bo entitled to fees as now allowed by
law for similar sorvicos, not exceeding ten dollars in
full for liis services in any ease, inclusive of all ser-
vices incident to such arrest and examination; such
fees to bo made up in conformity with the foes usu-
ally charged by tho offlcors of the courts of justice
within tho proper district or county, as ncar as may
bo practicable, and paid out of the Treasury of tho
United States, on tho certificate of tho judge of the
district within which tho arrest is made that tho
same nre reasonable in amount, and to bo recovera-
ble from tho defondantas part of tho judgment in
case of conviction.
Hiso. 12. And be it further cnactcd, That final decrees
and judgments ill all cases arising under tho provis-
ions of this act may bo reexamined and reversed or
allinned in the Supremo Court, upon writ of error
issued as now provided by law in other eases: Pro-
vided, That no such roviow shall be had excopt upon
the ccrtillcato of tho judgo presiding upon tho trial
or hearing that the constitutionality of somo law or
proceeding under the authority of the United States
or of this act has been drawn in question on such
trial or hearing.
There is not a single right or remedy which
the courts of the United States will hold to bo
constitutionally given to tho frocdmen under
the eivil rights bill which is not equally se-
cured under this.
Again, sir, I deemed it to bo my duty to the
Union cause at that time, and to that party
which claimed to represent it, and which 1 was
struggling to save from suicide at the hands
of its professed friends. These considerations
of public duty, and of the highest expediency,
constrained me to vote against passing the
eivil rights bill over the veto.
I felt bound to make one moro effort to save
that irreparable breach between the majority
of Congress and the administration of the na-
tional Union party, which I then foresaw was
coming, which X did all I could to prevent, but
which has now come.
For that reason alone, if I had no other, in
my opinion, every true friend of the Union
party should have approved and not con-
demned ray course. At all events, my judg-
ment was convinced that it was neither just
nor wise to vote to pass that bill over the
President's veto, and therefore I refused to
do so.
As to the second chargo, that I refused to
obey legislative instructions^ I shall go into
no explanation upon that subject. I have only
this to say: that my duty and the oath require
me to obey the Constitution of the United
Stales. They do not require me to obey the
changing opinions of any body of men who
may be elected to the Legislature of Wisconsin
during the term for which I was chosen. And,
sir, in the present condition of the country I
would be false to my highest convictions of
duty to resign my place here or to surrender
the position to which, in the providence of
God, I have been assigned in this momentous
period of our history. No, sir, no. How-
ever much the storto- of political denunciation
may rage around me, if Sod, the Almighty, give
me health and' strength I intend to remain here
a sleepless sentinel- at the post of duty, to warn
my countrymen- of their impending dangers,
which, nnless wise eop-nsels prevail, threaten
to overthrow tlieir constitutional liberties, or,
it may be, to plunge them into the horrors- of
another civil war, to be waged- not upon the
fields- of the sunny South but among the people
of the northern' States.
For me to resign my place-now- would, I fear,
bring upon- my soul that crime,-mora! coward-
ice, of which I-pray God I may never be guilty.
It is charged that I have united with the
President to oppose'' measures to secure pea-ce,
liberty, and justieeamong all the people." Cer-
tainly no man who knows-me and knows Presi-
dent Johnson can think for one moment that he
and I can have any such purpose. What has
the President done or refused to do togive color
to a charge like this?
He refused, it is true, to impose negro suf-
frage as a basis of reorganization of State gov-
ernments in the southern States, and left that
where it belongs—to the States themselves.
That is the head and front of his offending.
In the speech of the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Wade,] in reply to mine of tho 17th of
January, he most distinctly approved of Mr.
Johnson's course, so far as ho had gone. He
admitted' that he had carried out Mr. Lincoln's
policy; that ho had improved upon that policy;
in short, that it was what he had not done,
rather than what he had done, that he con-
demned. It was all summed up in a word—
ho had not imposed negro suffrage upon the
southern States as one of the bases of recon-
struction.
I repeat, sir, that was the head and front and
the whole of his offending in the beginning.
Both Senators from Massachusetts, and all the
men whom they represent, responded warmly
and earnestly to the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] when lie proposed as the basis of
reconstruction "universal suffrage and uni-
versal amnesty.''
The Senators from Missouri accepted the
same. And, Mr. President, what had. I done
to merit this condemnation? I will tell you,
sir; it is a short tale and easily told. In Wis-
consin last fall the Union party held a con-
vention at Madison. I had the honor of being
a member and chairman of the committee on
resolutions, and made the report of the major-
ity, which was unanimously adopted. A half
crazy old gentleman, by the name of Paine,
reported two minority resolutions, one in favor
of negro suffrage in Wisconsin, and the other
in favor of imposing negro suffrage upon the
southern States as a condition-precedent to the
admission of their representatives. I opposed
tho adoption of these two resolutions into the
crecd ot the Union party, and they were laid
on the table by a large majority. For that
opposition, and for that alone, unrelenting war
was declared against me. This man Paine told
the convention that my colleague declared him-
self in favor of those resolutions.
The editor of the Janesvillo Gazette says that
my colleague called upon him and denounced
tho action of the convention under my lead as
cowardly in laying those resolutions upon tho
tablo. There was immediately called at Janes-
villo, Wisconsin, a bolting convention, for tho
purpose of denouncing the action of the Union
convention in re&sing to adopt those resolu-
tions, and my colleague attended and made a
speech. At this convention I was denounced
in most unmeasured terms. For my course in
resisting the interpolation of this new dogma
into the Union party I have been most bitterly
and persistently denounced by a partisan and
unscrupulous press, from Boston to St. Paul,
from that day to this. I have borne all this
denunciation without once retorting upon my
assailants.
My colleague has more than once during this
session gone out of his way to assail my course
in that connection. I have never assailed him;
I shall not now. I have waited in patience,
knowing that truth in time would vindicate
herself.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I prefer that my col-
league should wait till I have finished'. He
can answer then.
Mi-. HOWE. Very well.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Nor, Mr. President,
have I-waited in vain ?1 Her vindication ana
triumph have come, and sooner than I ex-
pected. I have seen an utter abandonment
by Congress, and even by the radicals in Con-
gress of negro suffrage as a condition-prece-
dent to reconstruction at the South.
With an overwhelming majority—a majority
of more than two thirds against the President
—every Senator in this body, except Mr. Sum-
ner of Massachusetts and Mr. Buowx of Mis-
souri, on Saturday, by a deliberate vote- sur-
rendered negro suffrage as a condition of re-
construction ; surrendered the point, the very
point, of difference and of war on me, the
ground, and only ground, of principle upon
which this war was begun and has been waged
by Congress upon the President. All the world
knows that all else is but an after-thought—
mere pretexts seized upon after the war was
actually begun.
Yes, sir, I have seen every Senator in the
majority except the two I have mentioned, and
among them 1 have seen my colleague, and even
the Senator from Ohio, [Mr. Wade,] and one
of the Senators from Massachusetts, surrender
negro suffrage as a condition-precedent to re-
construction. And yet, sir, I do not question
the motives of my colleague, nor charge his
action as cowardly or inconsistent. He has-,
I doubt not, arrived at the conclusion that it
was unwise to insist upon this thing longer;
at least that before doing so again he had bet-
ter wait until the next fall election. But I ask
those men in Wisconsin who condemn me as
abandoning the cause of liberty and repub-
lican government for refusing to insist upon
negro suffrage, a thing which was abandoned
when the struggle came, and Greek met Greek
in the tug of war. If it be wise in my colleague
and the Senator from Ohio to give it up now,
after a long and final struggle which has re-
sulted in open war between the majority in
Congress and our Administration, was it not
wisdom in me thus to foresee the evil and do
my utmost to prevent it? Who does not know
that if we had yielded in that convention and
admitted the Paine resolutions into that plat-
form there would have been no Republican
majority in Wisconsin? There would have
been a Democratic Governor and a Demo-
cratic Legislature. There would have been
no tyrannical Republican caucus able to con-
trol a majority of the Legislature, and to de-
nounce in such unjust terms either the Presi-
dent or myself.
As to the other charges, that I maintain that
tiie southern people are the inhabitants of
States,'and as such, upon obedience to the laws
and Constitution of the United States, are en-
titled to representation in Congress whenever
they send Senators and Representatives prop-
erly elected and qualified under the Constitu-
tion and laws, I' have said upon other occa-
sions all I desire to say. My opinions are
unchanged, and my conviction of their sound-
ness remains unshaken. They are, in my opin-
ion, based upon truth and justice, and they are
born of God.
I will only add that this famous story of State
suicide, that the southern States have become
Territories, and should be organized and gov-
erned as such, have almost ceased to have ad-
vocates. It strutted its brief hour and has
passed from the stage. ^
The position of my colleague, with which
he began the session, to establish territorial
governments for the southern States, is utterly
abandoned. The trutli is, they are not Ter-
ritories and cannot be made such. They are
States under the Constitution. The very
amendment proposed to the Constitution,
and for which lie voted, admits them to be
States capable of the highest acts of States
