1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
collect from the bill. It says, after mentioning
the names, "employed by the deputy provost
marshal of the District of Columbia, in the en-
rolling office of said marshal, for night work
and special service performed in pursuance of
a contract between said clerks and said provost
marshal." It does seem, to be hard that these
men should be working in that way, under a
promise that they were to be paid, and that we
should not carry out the promise.
Mr. GRIMES. Is it not in order to move
to strike out the whole section?
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The amendment of the com-
mittee is first in order.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Now I move to strike out
the whole section.
Mr. HOWE. As I mean to vote for the
amendment, I will suggest in reply to the Sen-
ator from Maryland that, as I remember, these
deputy provost marshals were directed to report
their accounts to the Provost Marshal General
once a month. If the deputy provost marshal
contracted to pay these men, he ought to have
reported tlieir accounts at the end of the first
month, and at the end of the first month he
must have known whether this sort of claim
would be allowed.
The motion to strike out the section was
agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section twelve, line sixteen, to
strike out " $323,234,'' and insert " $250,000,"
as the appropriation for plates, engraving, print-
ing, and paper for national currency notes, and
to strike oat the following proviso, commen-
cing in line seventeen:
Provided, That hereafter no portrait or likeness of
any living person shall be engraved or placed upon
any of the bonds, securities, notes, or postal currency
of the United States.
So as to make the clause read:
For plates, engraving printing, and paper for
national currency notes, 8250,000.
Mr. SUMNER. 1 should like to inquire
about striking out that proviso. Is it expedient?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The reason is simply
this: I am informed that it is regarded at the
Treasury as a security against counterfeiting to
put the likenesses of living persons on some of
these notes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve,
to strike out from line twenty-one to twenty-
Beven inclusive, in the following words:
For lighting the Capitol and President's House, and
public grounds around them, around the executive
oflices, and Pennsylvania avenue, Bridge and High
streets, Georgetown, Four-and-a-half, Seventh, and
Twclth streets, across the Mall, and Maryland a venue
wesi, and Sixth street south, per act of March 3,1883,
$13,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section twelve,
to strike out from line thirty-three to line forty,
inclusive, in the following words:
To pay II. A. Kiopfer for ton months' services as a
laborer in the office of the Attorney General, at forty-
dollars per month, S100: Provided, That no money
shall he paid under the provisions of this bill to reim-
burse Brigham Young for money advanced while Gov-
ernor and e.r officio superintendent of Indian affairs
of the Territory of Utah until the same shall be thor-
oughly investigated by some of the standing commit-
tees of Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as a new section:
Si:c. 13. And be itfa> thrr enacted, That suell sum as
may be required to pay the additional compensation
provided bv set tion three of an act making appropii-
ations tor the legislative, executive, and judicial ex-
pense- of the Government for the year ending -June
30, 1S65, and for other purposes approved Juno 2o,
up to and including the 30th djy of June, 186(3,
bo, and the same is hereby, appiopriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing as a new section :
Sr" U And be i' further enacted, That from and
after the 1st day ot April,_1S65, there shall be paid,
instead of (he ye.vJv sjJ.i.'ie-; at present authored,
to the Luiector of the Mint at J jin.uHphia, ^,,000;
to the ti'jasurer, S3.C00, and $J,o00 tor aduuionat
compensation as Assistant Treasurer 01 the United
States: to the melter and refiner, $3,000; to the as-
saycr, $3,000: to the assistant to the assayer, $2,000;
to the chief coiuer, $3,000; to the engineer, $3,000;
to one clerk, $2,500; to two clerks, $2,000 each; to
four clerks, $1,500 each; to the treasurer of the
branch mint at San Francisco, for salary as Assist-
ant Treasurer of the United States, in addition to
his salary as treasurer of said mint, $1,500; to the
Assistant Treasurer of the United States at New
York, $8,000; to the Assistant Treasurer of tho Uni-
ted States at Boston, $5.000; to tho Assistant Treas-
urer of the United States at St. Louis, $5,000. And
the amount necessary to carry these provisions into
effect, for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1860, is
hereby appropriated.
The amendment was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. These are
all the amendments of tho committee.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not know but that
it may be necessary in the'last section to insert
the words '' per annum'' after each salary there
mentioned. Let that alteration be made.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That will
bo done.
Mr. HOWE. I move the following amend-
ment, to come in at the end of line four hun-
dred and sixtj'-six of section one. I am in-
structed to oiler it by the Joint Committee on
the Library:
For the purchase and removal of materials and for
erecting four green-houses in the Botanic Garden, to
be expended under tho direction of Joint Committee
on the Library, $2,500.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. I wish to ask the chairman
of the committee what "garden" it is that is
referred to in the two hundred and seventy-
seventh line of section one, on page 12.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps tiiat should be
made more definite. My impression is that it
is the garden connected with the Agricultural
Bureau. I will look into it.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. I am instructed by
the Committee on Pensions to move to insert
after line three hundred and ninety-six, section
one, the following amendment:
For compensation for temporary clerks inthePen-
sion Bureau for the current fiscal year, $20,000.
I have here the letter of the Secretary of the
Interior recommending it, and tho letter of the
Commissioner of Pensions requesting it, and
the report of the committee in favor of it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
an explanation.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. Let the letters be
read. They explain it.
The Secretary read the following letters:
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR,
X'i.ash)Oi'inck, December 13,1865.
Sir: In order to meet the demands upon thisoffice,
now greater than at any former period since the pas-
sage of the pension act of July 14,1862, I would ear-
nestly request thatan additional appropriation for the
payment of temporary clerks during thecurrenttisca!
year, to the amount of $20,000, be al once asked from
Congres-'. If practicable it is hoped that this subject
will receive attention before the holidays.
I have the honor to be. very respectfully, yours,
J. 11. iiARRETX, Commissioner,
Hon. James HaKlaN, Secretary of the Interior.
Dr. tart mr nt of tub Interior,
Washington, 1). 0., December21, 1865.
Sik: I have the honor to inclose a eopv of a letter
of the Commissioner of Pensions, datedl8th instant,
requesting an additional appiopiiation of $20,000for
tlie payment of temporary clerks in his office during
the current fiscal year, and, if practicable, would
recommend its immediate passage by Congress.
X am, sir, very respeef fiillv, your obedient servant,
JAMES IIAULAN. Secretary.
lion.Henry S. Tj \xe, Chairman Committee on Pensions,
Senate United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations to offer an amend-
ment to come in under the head of !! office of
the Secretary of State," after line three hun-
! dred and eighty-four of section one:
For the pay of the United States commissioner,
and for the pay of tho United Status surycyoi, and
for incidental expense? in the execution ot the duty
assigned to the joint commission appointed under the
first article of the reciprocity; treaty between the
United States and Great Uritain of the 5th of June,
1851, from November 1,18(>">, to March, 1866, &3,600.
For drafting and compilation of the final chart
showing the ptaccs reserved from the common lib-
erty of IKhmg. their limits, and descriptions, SSOO.
I have in my hand a letter from the Secre-
tary of State, in which he communicates to
me these estimates, ami says, "I have the
honor to recommend that provision be thade
therefor in the deficiency bill.", I will add
that on my motion these very estimates wferi
introduced into the miscellaneous bill which
was lost the last night of last session. ;
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SUMNER.^ There is another amend-
ment, which on my motion and On the recom-
mendation of the Committee on Foreign Rela-
tions was introduced into the miscellaneous
appropriation bill at the last session, and I am
now instructed again to move it, to ,eome in
immediately after the amendment justa'dopted:
For services of James G, Clark as acting charge d«
affaires at Brussels from June 11, 1857, to September
27, 1858, $6,483
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is an old affair.
I object to it entirely. It is a private claim if
anything can be.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says " it is an
old affair. It never was in this Chamber until
the last night of the last session. It was care-
fully considered then, and by a vote of two to
one was adopted after a debate of more than an
hour, duringwhich itwas thoroughly canvassed.
Every possible objection was brought against ,
it, and I am satisfied that never was a question
of that character discussed in the Chamber with
regard to which there was so large a proportion
of the Senate that were perfectly united in favor
of it. I do not wish at this late hour now
to go into any minute explanation of it. I
am not here as an advocate of anybody: I
am here in the discharge of the public duty
confided to me by the Senate. The petition
relating to this case was presented by the Sen-
ator from Kansas [Mr. Pomeboy] and referred
to the committee with which I am connected.
It has been considered by them at this session;
it was very carefully considered at the last ses-
sion ; and the case is precisely this: iu 1857 the
charge d'affaires of the United States returned
home, and acting under instructions from Wash-
ington, ho selected a citizen then in Brussels
and who for some time had been acting as an
unpaid attaeh6, and devolved upon him the
duties of the legation. This gentleman finding
himself unexpectedly acting charg6 d'affaires
representing the country, rented the house
vacated by the retiring minister; he occupied it
all the time he was there. He was presented to
the Belgian Government as minister. He was
recognized as such on our side of the water by
Mr. Marcy and by General Cass, and was so
addressed. By and by the charg6 d'affaires, who
had returned home, resigned, leaving a positive
vacancy there, which was filled from the date
mentioned in the proposition I have sent to the
Chair by Mr. Clark.
During this time he was addressed as charg6
d'affaires by the Government; and though there
was no important negotiation devolved upon
him, and I do not know that there was any very
very important business transacted by him, he
was there on tho spot residing as tho represent-
ative of his country, incurring very consider-
able expenses on that account, living in a way
in which he would not otherwise have lived.
For that he never was paid.
Mr. CONNESS. He had the honor, had he
not?
Mr. SUMNER. But I need not remind my
excellent friend that we are told that honor
will not mend a leg, nor will it give a dinner.
He came here a modest gentleman; his case
was presented at the Department of State, and
the value of his services was recognized. I
have a letter here from General Cass on the
subject; I have two from Mr. Seward. His
papers were first put in the hands of Mr. Mason
by him; they were neglected; nothing was done
about it; at last during the last session of Con-
gress they were again presented and came under
the eyes of the committee with which I am con-
nected. I have already told you that after a
careful consideration of the case they were
obliged to come to the conclusion that our
country was his debtor to this amount; that on
any principle of law, of quatillnn mem/it, or of
any usage of this Government, wo were his
