1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4801
under the Constitution,-,.namely, not only of
governing themselves and making their own
constitutions, but of taking part in amending
the Constitution, and thus help to frame the
fundamental law of all the States.
Sir, this abandonment of negro suffrage_ as
a condition-precedent, and of this doctrine
that the southern States are not States, but in
the territorial condition, is either sincere or
hypocritical. I am bound to think it is sincere,
and yet there are some persons like Wendell
Phillips who declare that it is abandoned only
for the present, and for a purpose ; to tide over
the fall elections. In short, that it is both
hypocritical and cowardly. But I do not say
that. I think it is sincere. It is because, after
a long and earnest struggle, gentlemen have
come to the conclusion that the only wise and
practical theory, the only possible adjustment
after all, is substantially to adopt the Lincoln
policy of restoration, improved as ic has been
by the logic of events under the Administration
of his successor.
To submit an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States to the ratification of the
Legislature of a State, and at the same time
to contend that there is no State to have a
Legislature ; to say that a Legislature which
can ratify an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, and at the same tune
cannot elect Senators, is a monstrous absurd-
ity. With all respect for others, I think if I
should say that, my friends would say I had
lost my reason.
Sir, I shall not pursue this subject further at
this time. I have briefly answered these charges,
and shall upon some other occasion be pre-
pared, before the people of Wisconsin, to an-
swer any further explanation which may be
proper.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the Speaker of the House of Representa-
tives had signed the following enrolled bills;
and they were thereupon signed by the Presi-
dent pro tempore:
A bill (H. 11. No. 491) to remove the office
of surveyor general of the State of Iowa to
Plattsmouth, Nebraska;
A bill (H. R. No. G12) to amend an act en-
titled "An act making appropriations for sun-
dry civil expenses of the Government for the
year ending 30th June, 1859and _
A joint resolution (H. 11. No. 208) in relation
to the Soldiers' and Sailors' Orphans' Fair
building in Washington.
RELIEF OF DRAFTED MEN.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to take up the bill
(H. R. No. 811) for the relief of drafted men.
I believe the Senator from Missouri is willing
to withdraw his objection.
Mr. HENDERSON. I desire to hear the
bill read.
The Secretary read the bill, which is to au-
thorize the Secretary of War_to refund the
$800 commutation money paid by persons
drafted under the calls of February 1 and
March 14, 1804, and who bein  again drafted
within a year were held to service or required
to furnish substitutes, and also to refund the
$300 commutation money in cases where it is
satisfactorily proved that the person was en-
titled to a discharge from the obligation to ren-
der personal service.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let that bill lie over.
I thought there was a limitation in it of
$25,000, but I find there is not.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be laid aside.
PERSONAL EXPLANATION.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I should like
to be informed what is the pending question.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pome-
eoy ) There is no pending question. The
Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doolittle] rose
to a personal explanation and has proceeded
with that view.
Mr. HOWE. Well, I suppose "what is
sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander,"
and as my colleague has had the floor for a
personal explanation, I can have the floor for
a personal explanation. I regret that I was
not here at the opening of this explanation for
I imagine from the little I heard of it that I am
somewhat interested in it, if not injplicated by
it. That my colleague should take this hour
or any other in the calendar to make a personal
explanation is entirely proper, and for that act
I have not the slightest disposition, as I believe
I have not the slightest occasion, to criticise him;
but that he should take thus very late hour in
this very protracted session to make an attack
upon me, I think is not so free from criticism.
But after all I am not disposed to complain of
that, for my political life lias been so brief and
so inconsiderable that I should be poorly off
if I were not prepared to defend the little there
is of it anywhere, at any time, and upon any
notice, however brief. What my colleague has
said in defense of himself I shall allow to pass
with but very slight comment, if any. What
he has said in my hearing touching myself, I
must be ready now to make some observation
upon.
And first—it was the first I heard of this
criticism upon my own course—he presents me
as having been not in fact, but as having been
reported to be an advocate and an indorser of
two resolutions which were offered by a very dis-
tinguished gentleman in the State of Wiscon-
sin and submitted to the last State convention
held by the Union party for their acceptance.
I allude to the resolutions presented by General
Paine. My colleague says that General Paine
declared that I indorsed those resolutionsand
recommended tta to the convention. That
General Paine did not so say, of course I shall
not avouch; I cannot be supposed to know
what he said, for I was not there. What the
fact is in regard to myself, I am supposed to
know and can speak by authority on that point,
and so speaking I say that General Paine cer-
tainly never had any authority to say that I
ever proposed or suggested that the convention
should take a position on the question of negro
suffrage, except further than when appealed
to for my own opinion I stated for myself, that
as we had a law submitting to the people of
the State for their approval or rejection the
question of admitting the negroes in our State
to the right of suffrage, I recommended that
the convention should indorse that act, and I
did distinctly say to all who paid me the com-
pliment to consult me on the point that 1
thought that was as far as the convention ought
to go ; that the question whether the suffrage
should be extended to the blacks in the rebel-
lious States or any other State than Wisconsin,
was not legitimately before us; that the other
question was legitimately before us; that I be-
lieved it was right that suffrage should be ex-
tended to the negroes in our State, 'lhe Legis-
lature had invited the vote of the people on
that subject, and I thought the convention
ought to take ground upon it on the one side
or the other, and as I believed there was but
one right side I did desire that the Union
party should occupy that side, which was in.
favor of the suffrage. I did distinctly discour-
age, as I said before, all who consulted me on
the point, against going further than that,
against making precedents* in the _ particular
state of things in which we then lound our-
selves.
But, Mr. President, I should be doing injus-
tice to myself and to my convictions, pernaps
I should do some injustice to my colleague and
to his convictions, if I did not say a word fur-
ther, since I am arraigned upon the point,
since I am charged in the indictment; if I did
not take this opportunity to contest before the
Senate and so much of the world as is now
attending upon the sittings of the Senate, that
I have never known an hour since I considered
the question at all when I did not believe in
my inmost heart that not only the highest and
the truest justice, but the highest and truest
policy, requires that the ballot shall be put
into the hands of every freemte for Ms own
protection, be his race what it irnay, and his
shade of color what it may. .
1 beard my colleague quote the Janesville
Gazette ; but before I pass to that I wall not
allow the designation that my -colleague has
giyen to General Paine, of Wisconsin, to pass
without correction. He ha? taken occasion
here in this body, to which General Paine, I
suppose, is an entire stranger, to characterize
him as a crazy man.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. "A half crazy old gen-
tleman."
Mr. HOWE. "A half crazy old gentleman."
Sir, he is a gentleman. So much truth there
is in what my colleague affirms of him. He is
somewhat aged; I think a little older th$«n my
colleague and myself, but not so much older
that either of us can put on airs to his discom-
fiture ; but as for his being a crazy man, that
statement must be discounted upon full one
hundred per cent., for he is not at all crazy.
An honester, a more excellent, a more sincere
man does not live anywhere than General Paine.
So much for him. ,
Then my colleague quotes the Janesville Ga-
zette to the effect that I had denounced the ac-
tion of the last State convention as cowardly.
Mr. President, I cannot plead to that indict-
ment very well. I do not know whether the
Janesville Gazette so quoted me or not. And
that is not the only embarrassment I labor un-
der. 1 do not just now know whether I did say
so or not. Being upon the point I will take this
occasion to say that I did think the action of
the last State convention was not characterized
by that courage which had characterized every
step of the Union party up to that hour, and
which I hoped would characterize every one
of its steps until it should cease to exist; but
I am not in the habit of charging cowardice
upon individuals, and I do not think I ever
charged cowardice upon that body.
Mr. President, my colleague next charges me
with having on repeated occasions gone out of
my way to assail his course in that convention.
I think upon thatcharge I can venture to plead
the general issue and go to trial upon short no-
tice. I do not believe I ever spent a moment
of my time or of my breath in assailing his
course in that convention. I remember that
in the very first remarks I ever made publicly
in reference to that convention I did distinctly
say to rny friends that we had no time to spend
in useless complaints about the course of my
colleague. So I thought; so I felt; and I do
not recollect nor do I believe I ever called in
question his course in that convention publicly.
I did regret his course in that convention most
sincerely, and he knows it; and lie knows that
to him 1 first made that regret known. I do
not know that he knows this fact that I am now
about to state, but I know it, that but for the
fact that I knew or was informed that my col-
league was going to attend that convention lor
the purpose of giving the advice upon which
the convention acted, I should not have been
at Madison, where the convention was held,
myself; but I did go there to see and to remon-
strate with him. That purpose accomplished,
I had no further connection with the conven-
tion.
But, Mr. President, my colleague was not
content with charging me with the espousal of
the doctrine of negro suffrage as a method for
the cure of all political disorders in every part
of the Union, but he charges me now with hav-
ing surrendered that which lie affects to tell the
Senate was a cardinal principle with me.
fondly hope, sir, that my colleague is mistaken
when he cherishes the idea that ! have given up
any cardinal principle or pet of mine, whether
it be negro suffrage or otherwise. I he ac-
quaintance that he and I have had together
should have taught him that I do not readily
surrender cardinal theories or cardinal ideas.
I do not know when I have surrendered one.
But if I have, let me tell my colleague as I tell
the Senate, that this is not one of them. 1
believe to-day that the ballot in the hands of all
guiltless men is the best security for the public
