THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 22,
present law, namely: the total representative popu-
lation of ail the States is first ascertained; this num-
ber is divided by 233, the number of Representatives
provided by law at the time of the taking of the last
census. This gives the requisite ratio to a member.
The representative population of each State is then
divided by the ratio, and the result, rejecting frac-
tions, shows the number of Representatives to each
State. The number unapportioned, in consequence
of the fractions, is then added to the eight additional
members provided by the law of 1862, and these are
apportioned to the States having the largestfractions.
The ratio under the present apportionment is 127,000
The ratio on' the basis of population, includ-
ing the negroes, is 133,700
The ratio on the basis of white suffrage is  29,300
The ratio on the basis of equal suffrage, white
and black, is .-  33,500
The ratio on the basis of the proposed amend-,
ment is : 114,800
.Entirely accurate data of the number oi voters in
the several States cannot be obtained from any re-
corded statistics. It is not shown by the presidential
vote of 1800, for the reason that in some of the States
where there was little real contest, the vote was far.
from fall. The number of males above the age of
twenty years, aliens included, as given by the census
of 1860, is taken as the nearest approximate to the
number of voters. The proportion of aliens will not
hold alike in all the States, there being a la.rger ratio
in the northern than in the southern section of the
Union; but it is believed the results indicated in the
table will besuflaciently accurate for present purposes.
From these tables it will be seen that no New
England State would lose a single Representa-
tive either by making wliite men over twenty-
one, or all men over twenty-one, the basis of
apportionment. On the contrary, taking white
men over twenty-one as the basis, Massachusetts
would gain two, and Connecticut and Maine one
each. New York would gain four. The losses
would not be in the East. Upon a basis of male
voters, black and white, Ohio and Illinois would
lose one Representative each, and Pennsylvania
two. California, almost alone of the States
heretofore free, would gain. Her extraordinary
abundance of male population would double her
representation. Itisnowthree; itwouldbesix.
The argument based on differences between
tlie old States and the new, in respect of age
and sex, in population, is overcome by the fact
that although these inequalities are large, the
ratio of representation is larger; that is to say,,
that the whole number of Representatives being
only two hundred and forty-one, it takes so
many "persons" or "voters" to makeup the
required constituency for a single one, that the
preponderance of men over women, except in
California, is too small in any State seriously to
alfeet the result.
Mr. BLAINE. "Will the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Cox klixg] yield to me for a moment?
Mi. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. BLAINE. I hold iu my hand a table
which was prepared with very great cai e by my
estimable friend on the Committee of Ways
and Means, [Mr. Morutll,] in which upon a
basis of white males above twenty-one yeaisof
age, upon a representation oi' two hundred and
forty members, New York would have thirty-five
and live tenths members, or on a close struggle
for the fraction she would have thirty-six; Penn-
sylvania would have twenty-four and two tenths,
and be confined iotwenty-four members. To-day
New York has thirty-one members and Pennsyl-
vania twenty-four; giving NewYork now twenty-
eight aud a half per cent, more representation
than Pennsylvania. But up'on the basis upon
which the table is calculated New York would
be entitled to fifty per eent. more Representa-
tives than Pennsylvania. I admit that Pennsyl-
vania would not absolutely lose one of her Repre-
sentatives, but relatively she would lose by the
representation of New York being increased.
Mr. CONKLING. Iam, of course, not argu-
ing in favor of the voting basis : but I will say to
the gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Claims,] that
the table from which he reads was not, I think,
made by the gentleman from Vermont, but by
another. I have examined it with some care,
andlhave detected in it those errors which, when
the gentleman comes to look at it, will show
him that the table which I present is correct.
It has been said in aid of a voting basis that
many of the abuess to which it would be liable
could be prevented by restricting the enumeia-
tion to male citizens of the United States twenty-
one years old and upward. This would prevent
much abuse; but it would shut out four fifths
of the citizens of the country—women and chil-
dren, who are citizens, who are taxed, and who
are, and always have been, represented. It
would also narrow the basis of taxation, and in
some States seriously.
The second plan mentioned, the proposition
to prohibit States from denying civil or politi-
cal rights to any class of persons, encounters a
great objection on the threshold. It trenches
upon the principle of existing local sovereignty.
It denies to the people of the several States the
right to regulate their own affairs in their own
way. It takes away a right which has been
always supposed to inhere in the States and
transfers it to the General Government. It
meddles with a right reserved to the States when
the Constitution was adopted, and to which they
will long cling before they surrender it. No
matter whether the innovation be attempted in
behalf of the negro race or any other race, it is
confronted by the genius of our institutions.
But more than this. The northern States, most
of them, do not permit negroes to vote. Some
of them have repeatedly and lately pronounced
against it. Therefore, even it were defensible
as a principle for the General Government to
absorb by amendment the power to control the
action of the States in such a matter, would it
not be futile to ask three quarters of the States
to do for themselves and all others, by ratifying
such an amendment, the very thing which most
of them have already refused to do in their own
cases'? This step will be taken, if taken at all,
as a last resort in the attainment of some ob-
ject too wise and desirable to be opposed.
The third proposition is believedbythe com-
mittee to avoid, as far as the case admits of, all
the objections of the other two.
Let me read it as it will stand in the Consti-
tution if adopted by Congress and three quar-
ters of the States:
Representatives a.nd direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among tho several States which shall be in-
cluded in the Union, according to tlieir respective
number:-, which shall bo determined by counting tho
whole number of persons in each State: Provided,
That, whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or color,
all individuals of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
It contains but one condition, and that rests
upon a principle already imbedded in the Con-
stitution, and as old as free government itself.
That principle 1 affirmed in the beginning,
namely, that representation does not belong
to those who have not political existence, but
to those who have. The object of the amend-
ment is to enforce this truth. It therefore pro-
vides that whenever any State finds within its
borders a race of beings unfit for political ex!
islence. that race shall not be represented in
the Federal Government. Eveiy State will be
lel'L free to extend or withhold the elective fran-
chise on such terms as it pleases, and this with-
out losing anylhingin representation if the terms
are impaitial as to all. Qualifications of voters
may lie required of any kind—qualifications of
intelligence, of property, or of any sort what-
ever, and yet no loss of representation shall
thereby be suffered. But whenever in any
State, and so long as a race can be found which
is so low, so bad, so ignorant, so stupid, that
it is deemed necessary to exclude men from the
right to vote merely because they belong to that
race, in such ease the race shall likewise be
excluded from the sum of Federal power to
i which that State is entitled.
1 f a race is so vile or worthless that to belong
to it is alone cause of exclusion from political
action, the race is not to be counted here in
Congress. That is all, and the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] seems not altogether
to appreciate the bearings of "the subject.
Mr. ROGERS. Willthegentlernanyieldtome
for one moment, that I may ask him a question?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. ROGERS. Suppose that a State, in its
organic law, should exclude the coloied people
from the right of voting, and should accompany
that act by a preamble declaring that such ex-
clusion was not on account of race or color, but
was on account of the want of intelligence or
education among the colored people; could that
State, under this proposed amendment of the
Constitution, have representation for its whole
colored population?
Mr. CONKLING. The gentleman from New
Jersey [Mr. Rogers] knows as well as 5 do
that that question has nothing but casuistry to
recommend it, if it has that. He understands
that any State composed of honest people prop-
erly outside a lunatic asylum, if they proposed
a qualification for the sake of the qualification,
and fairly to exclude all who could not come up
to it, and to admit all who could, would make the
qualification apply to all persons offering to vote,
not to those only of a certain color; and then
blacks and whites would equally full under its
operation. The instant a State says that a man
of a certain race shall not vote because he is
ignorant, but that a man of another race who
is just as ignorant may vote, the exclusion is on
account of race merely, whether it is honestly
avowed or cunningly covered up. I am not
now discussing the propriety of admitting or
excluding races, but I am showing that there
will never be difficulty in seeing whether the
exclusion is in fact made or not.
Mr. ROGERS. A little further. Who is to
judge of the intent of the framers of the organic
act in excluding negroes from voting on account
of want of intelligence, even though they say it
is a mere pretext ? Who is to judge in saying
that it is a mere pretext?
Mr. CONKLING-. The power called upon
to decide the question; all questions arising
upon the construction of laws go for decision
to their appropriate forum. The question sup-
posed would do so, and the forum would be
Congress, and also, perhaps, tho courts.
Mr. ROGERS. One more question. Sup-
pose a State should by act of tlie Legislature
pass a law saying that colored persons should
not vote without a property qualification, would
not that be contrary to the spirit and intent and
letter of this amendment?
Mr. CONKLING. The proposition by its
terms would mean that men not colored could
vote without the qualification.
Mr. ROGERS. Has not a State the power
to say what population shall vote, white or black?
Mr. CONKLING. I answer that under tho
pending amendment, if any State says that white
men, because they are white men shall not vote
unless they come up to certain qualifications,
the distinction being against their race, white
men would be excluded from the basis of rep-
resentation. It is as broad as it is long, and
cannot bo tortured into any misunderstanding.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
have desired at some point to interrupt the gen-
tleman and to ask him a question. 1 have been
a little fearful that the last part of the amend-
ment might be construed to give powers to the
States regulating the matter of the elective fran-
chise, which they did not even now possess, in
the way of excluding an entire race from the
right of the elective franchise. As our Con-
stitution now is, we have at least this restraint
on the power of the States, to wit, that they
cannot so limit that franchise that the State
shall cease to be republican, cease to be based
upon the voice of the people. Now 1 was fear-
ful—and I do not mean to take up the gentle-
man's time—tho introduction of this clause,
giving inferential power to the States to exclude
a race, attaching as (he only consequence that
that exclusion should prevent them from being
j represented, might be mischievous by reason of
i authorizing States at pleasure to disfranchise
whole races of men, and to concentrate tho
: power in tho few. This authorization of tho
1 disfranchisement of race being introduced into
1 tho Constitution might be held to modify tho
present sense of the clause relating to the Stales
being republican, and might thus tend to lessen
thepowerofthopeople. If worthy t fit, I would
like to hear the gentleman upon this matter.
Mr. CONKLING. Any suggestion from the
gentleman from Ohio is always woitle, of ic-
spect. lie says the Constitution does contain
one guaranty, at least, against such a contin-
gency as he points to; and the whole strength of
the argument is this; because the amendment
