2382
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
quartermaster's and subsistence departments
respectively.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The committee thought
there was some danger in permitting these
claims for quartermasters' and commissary
stores to be paid on the mere certificate of
a quartermaster or commissary. That is the
present law, and under it they are referred
to clerks, although they involve very large
amounts. We thought it safer, where the
amount of the claim exceeds $500, to send it
to the Court of Claims. At present, if the
claims are allowed they are paid out of the
ftmds appropriated for the commissary and
quartermaster's departments. Now, we pro-
pose to send them to the Court of Claims, and
it is proper that they should be paid out of the
same fund that they would if allowed at the
office. The opinion of the committee was that
it was safer, where they exceeded $500, to
make the parties go into the court, where the
question will he examined on both sides.
Mr. GRIMES. Does it send all cases there?
Mr. TRUMB ULL. All above $500—all that
class of eases which the law covers.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
Mr. GRIMES. Does this cover everything
—transportation, &e., I would inquire of the
Senator from Illinois.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ver-
mont has charge of the bill.
Mr. POLAND. The first two sections of
the bill provide, the one for the payment of
quartermasters' stores, and the other for the
payment of subsistence. These two sections
are precise copies of an act that was passed a
year or two ago, except that they restrict the
amount of claims which can be settled in the
department to those not exceeding five hun-
dred dollars. The third section of the bill pro-
vides that claims of the character named in the
fit si two sections above $500 shall go to the
Court of Claims, and the bill is extended in both
classes of claims, irrespective of the amount of
the claims, to the claims ofloyal citizcns in all
parts ot the United States. These are the only
changes in the present law.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 suggest to the Senator who
reported this bill that it does not embrace as
much as it ought to embrace. It ought to em-
brace eases of transportation. There has been
more swindling ami fraud perpetrated against
the Government growing out of charter-parties
for transport ships-
Mr. TRUMBLLL. Are not those all settled?
Mr. GRIMES. No, sir. I know of some
most enormous cases which are yet in abey-
ance, _ and I trust the committee will amend
this bill so as to include them.
Mr. POLAND. Claims for quartermasters'
stores below $500 it is provided shall be settled
at the Quartermaster General's Office, and
claims for subsistence below $500 are to be
settled by the Commissary General; and then
the bill provides that both classes of claims
above $500 shall go to the Court of Claims and
be settled there.
Mr. GRIMES. I find no fault with the bill
as it stands. It embraces quartermasters'
stores; but the term " quartermasters' stores"
does not include claims for transportation; I
mean sea-going transportation and river trans-
portation, which has amounted to hundreds of
millions of dollars during the war. Many of
those claims are still in abeyance, unadjudi-
cated, unsettled. What I desire is, that these
large claims shall also go to the Court of Claims
and be adjudicated there, instead of being
decided by a clerk in tlje quartermasters' de°
partment. I suggest to the Senator from Ver-
mont to change his bill, so as to include all
claims growing out of transportation by water.
Mr. POLAND. I do not see that there can
be any objection to that, but under the third
section of this bill all claims of that character
above $500 are to go to the Court of Claims.
It would be hardly proper of course to send
that class of claims to the Quartermaster Gen-
eral's Office or to the Commissary-General.
Mr. GRIMES. The Quartermaster General
has that now. All charter-parties for the trans-
portation of troops or munitions of war are
made by the quartermaster's department, and
not by the commissary department or any other
bureau.
Mr. POLAND. Are those claims now set-
tled in the Quartermaster General's Office?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir. What I want is
not only to include quartermasters' stores,
which are included in the bill, but to include
all claims growing out of transportation by
land or water -for the Army.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Iowa
will observe that this bill is not intended to
take away the general jurisdiction of the quar-
termaster and commissary departments to set-
tle for supplies and the general business of
those departments. It covers only the class
of cases where there is a controversy, and it is
limited to cases where supplies have been taken
by the proper officer and a receipt given for
them, or where they were taken by the proper
officer and no receipt given, and where the
claimant was a loyal man at the time the prop-
erty was taken, and has remained a loyal man
ever since. The bill is only intended to apply-
to that class of cases. They would not settle
those claims in the quartermaster and com-
missary departments because the proper vouch-
ers had not been given. We passed a law one
ortwo years ago authorizing the Quartermaster
and Commissary Generals to settle that class
of cases, where the receipt had been given by
the proper officer, or whore he had not given
a receipt, if the property was taken and used
by the Army, and the man from whom it was
taken was a loyal man at the time, and has
continued loyal since. They have been set-
tling those claims. It was limited originally
to claims that existed in the loyal States. This
bill proposes to extend that provision to all
similar cases—the Senator from West Virginia
had a case up the other day—to all similar
cases all over the United States, in disloyal
as well as loyal States, wherever the proper
officers took the property for the service of the
Army and the vouchers were not executed.
Now, instead of allowing those claims to be
settled in the quartermaster and commissary
departments, they are transferred above a cer-
tain amount—I am not sure about the amount
—to the Court of Claims. That is all there
is of this bill. It was not intended to give
the Court of Claims a general jurisdiction in
regard to cases where the proper vouchers
exist and where by the existing laws these
departments would have authority under the
general law to settle the claim. It would
involve another very serious question if you
imposed upon the Court of Claims the passing
upon all these accounts for transportation where
there was a controversy about them. They
could not do it. I think that would be too
extensive a change. There would be an objec-
tion perhaps to it, that to take that general
class of cases the court would have to have a
great many clerks, and it would be impossible
to do the business in the court.
Mr. GRIMES. This is a subject that I have
no charge of. I did not know there was any
such bill here. I know that groat frauds have
been constantly perpetrated growing out of
transportation by water. I could state some
most extraordinary cases that have occurred,
some of which I understand are now under
consideration and are being passed upon by a
simple clerk in the quartermaster's department
—cases of controversy between the Government
and contractors, owners of vessels, and men
who executed the charter-parties. If, how-
ever, the committee who have charge of the
bill do not think it advisable to extend it so as
to cover eases of that character, I am not going
to insist upon it.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I hope that this bill will
not be passed at this time. I did not anticipate
that it would bo brought up to-day, and I desire
an opportunity to examine it. I am not satis-
fied that such a bill as this ought to pass at this
time; and I ask the Senator who has charge
of the bill to postpone it and fix some definite
time when it can be taken up and considered.
I think it is a very important bill, and it needs
examination and consideration before the Sen-
ate decide to pass it.
Mr. POLAND. I have no objection to the
bill being laid over to some future day, if it
can be an early day, and we can have a time
fixed when we can take it up. It is a bill which,
if passed at all, should be passed soon.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Say next Tuesday at one
o'clock.
Mr. POLAND. That will be satisfactory to
me.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I desire to take up a
little bill of which the Senator from Minne-
sota [Mr.'RAMSEY] has charge, and which will
give rise to no discussion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
before the Senate is not yet disposed of. Does
the Senator from Vermont make a motion in
regard to it?
Mr. POMEROY. I move that its further
consideration be postponed to and made the
special order of the day for Tuesday next at
one o'clock.
Mr. CLARK. Do not make it a special
order.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let it go over simply,
without making it a special order. The Sen-
ator will get it up just as well.
Mr. POLAND. If Senators desire it, I have
no objection to that course. Let it go over
generally.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until Tuesday next.
The motion was agreed to.
GEORGE HENRY PEEBLE.
Mr. RAMSEY. I now move that the Sen-
ate proceed to the consideration of the bill (S.
No. lVGJ.for the relief of George Henry Preble,
a commander in the Navy of the United States.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It directs the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury, in settling
the accounts of George Henry Prelile, a com-
mander in the Navy of the United States, to
allow him pay as a commander from the lGth
of July, 1862, in the same way and manner as
if the order discharging him from the naval
service had never been issued.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to he engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
CONGREGATIONAL SOCIETY Of WASHINGTON.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
proceed to the consideration of Senate bill
No. 253.
Mr. GRIMES. What is the title of it?
Mr. POMEROY. "A bill to incorporate
the Congregational Society of Washington."
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. It proposes to create Oliver
O. Howard, Silas H. Hodges, Daniel L. Eaton,
Henry A. Brewster, Charles H. Bliss, Ezra L.
Stevens, Benjamin F. Morris, Daniel, Tyler.
Llewellyn Deane, S. C. Pomeroy, and Calvin
S. Mattoon, and their associates, a body-poli-
tic and corporate by the name of the First
Congregational Society of Washington, with
all the powers incident to corporations and
usually enjoyed by them, and such as are requi-
site to enable them to sustain religious worship
in Washington, in the District of Columbia,
and to erect and maintain edifices for that pur-
pose, and parsonages; and the society are to
be exempt from any taxes to be assessed upon
their property, under the authority of Congress
or of the District of Columbia or the city or
county of Washington.
Mr. POMEROY. While I sympathize fully
with the society, I move to strike out the name
of " S. C. Pomeroy" from the list of corpora-
tors. I did not know that that name was in
the bill.
