1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2883
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The name
will be stricken out at the suggestion of the
Senator, if there be no objection.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended; the amendment was concurred in.
Mr. GRIMES. I will inquire what commit-
tee reported this bill.
Mr. POMEROY. The Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask that question with a
view of inquiring whether or not this bill is
drawn in accordance with the usual acts of
incorporations of this description. I under-
stand that it exempts the property of this
church to any extent that they may own prop-
erty in the District from taxation.
Mr. POMEROY. The exemption from tax-
ation is limited ''to sufficient property to enable
tliem to sustain religious worship."
Mr. JOHNSON. How much will be suffi-
cient for that purpose ?
Mr. GRIMES. All I desire is, that they
shall stand on the same footing with other
religious denominations. I do not know whether
this bill is in accordance with the practice in
granting these acts of incorporation or not.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill was reported
from the Committee on the District of Colum-
bia, and the Senator from Maine, [Mr. Mor-
rill,] who had charge of it, is out ot the Cham-
ber at,this moment.
Mr. RIDDLE. I will state that this bill was
thoroughly examined by the committee, and
it is in accordanec with the other bills incor-
porating these churchef, and is not excessive
at all. It is the intention of the committee at
some future day to draw up a general bill allow-
ing religious societies to come in and be incor-
porated as is customary in the States.
Mr. POMEROY. I did not draw the bill,
but I understand it is copied from the bill in-
corporating the Presbyterian churches in this
.city.
Mr. .JOHNSON. Does it limit the amount
of the property?
Mr. POMEROY. Not in dollars and cents.
Mr. JOHNSON. Is it limited by feet and
acres?
Mr. GRIMES. There is no limit in the bill,
as I understand it.
Mr. JOHNSON. There ought to be a limit,
certainly.
Mr. POMEROY. The bill authorizes them
"to purchase, hold, and convey real and per-
sonal estate, make contracts," &c., to such an
extent "as to enable them to sustain religious
worship in Washington, in the District of Co-
lumbia, and to erect and maintain edifices for
that purpose, and parsonages ; and said society
shall be exempt from any taxes to be assessed
upon their property, under the authority of
Congress or of the District of Columbia or of
the city or county of Washington."
Mr. JOHNSON. That is a departure, if my
friend will permit me to say so, from the pol-
icy that Maryland has always adopted, and the
policy which I think has been adopted by most
of the States. We limit the amount of prop-
erty that these corporations shall hold by con-
stitutional provision, subject only to the qual-
ification that the Legislature may authorize a
larger amount to be held than the constitution
by its terms authorizes. Under this bill, it
would be exceedingly difficult to limit the quan-
tity or value of real estate which this corpora-
tion may hold.
Mr. GRIMES. Say "not to exceed one
hundred thousand dollars."
Mr. POMEROY. I have no objection to
that. I will move to add as a proviso to the
first section, the following:
Provided, That the amount of the value of real
estate shall not exceed one hundred thousand dol-
lars.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That pro-
viso will be added by common consent to the
bill, if there be 110 objection.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
PACIFIC BAILBOAD, EASTERN DIVISION.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
joint resolution (S. R. No. 80) extending the
time for the completion of the Union Pacific
railway, eastern division, which was to add
the following as an additional section:
Sec. 2. And be it further resolved, That tho time for
commencing and completing the Northern Pacific
railroad, and all its several sections, is extended for
the term of two years.
Mr. POMEROY. I move that the Senate
concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
UNIFORM MILITIA.
Mr. WILSON. I desire to take up for con-
sideration the bill (S. No. 2(52) to provide for
the national defense by establishing a uniform
militiaandorganizingan active volunteer militia
force throughout the United States. With the
permission of the Senate, I desire to say a
single word before the motion is put on taking
up the bill.
The bill has been prepared with the greatest
possible care. The first nine sections of the
bill take the place of the act of 1792, which is
not at all applicable to our present militia sys-
tem, and to which very little attention is paid.
The residue of the bill, eleven sections, pro-
vides for the organization of an active militia
force, which, if full, would make a force of
about two hundred and forty thousand men in
the whole country. Tho bill was submitted
to several eminent officers of the Army, to
General Grant, General Sherman, General
Meade, and General Thomas, who examined
it very carefully, made one or two slight sug-
gestions, and stated that the bill would accom-
plish the object desired, to have a small, effect-
ive, well-organized, active militia force in the
country, and recommended it very strongly.
Several of the most eminent men connected
with the Army and the militia of the country
have indorsed it.
The present is a good time, as we are just at
tho end of a war, to bring into the militia many
officers of eminence who have distinguished
themselves duringthe war. The bill allows the
establishment in each State of a number of
regiments, containing from six hundred to a
thousand men, equal to the number of Repre-
sentatives in Congress of thafcState; so that the
number of regiments in the country will be equal
to the number of Representatives in the Con-
gress of the United States. It seems to me
that we require such a volunteer militia force;
and 1 should like to take the bill up now and
put it on its passage. The bill is so carefully
and well prepared that I see that the Commit-
tee on the Militia of the House of Representa-
tives have adopted it as their own, with two or
three amendments upon it. They have killed
the Army bill in the House of Representatives,
and it seems to me this much we ought, at any
rate, to do. I know that there is a desire to
go into executive session early to-day, and that
there is a large amount of business in executive
session, but I should like to have this bill taken
up now and call attention to it that Senators
may be willing to take some little time to act
upon it. I therefore move to take it up for
consideration at the present time.
Mr. GRIMES. I will not undertake to con-
trovert the many merits which the Senator has
suggested as being embodied in his militia bill,
but I think most of the Senators present will
agree with me that whether it be meritorious
or not, now is not the proper time to proceed
to the consideration of so important a bill when
there arc not more than ten or a dozen mem-
bers present. It is true that the House of Rep-
resentatives have killed their Army bill, as the
Senator has said, and I congratulate the House
and the country upon the fact. If they will
now only kill the Army bill we sent to them
they will have accomplished an object equally
as great and good, I think, for we have now a
large Army, fifty thousand men, being one half
more than we can keep full, and I know of no
necessity for increasing the Army. It it be in
order I move that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of executive business.
Mr. POLAND. Before that is done I hope
the Senator will allow me to make a motion to
reconsider.
Mr. GRIMES. I withdraw the motion for
the present in order to enable the Senator from
Vermont to make his motion.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. POLAND. On my motion yesterday
the vote by which the Post Office appropriation
bill was passed was reconsidered. I desire now'
to move to reconsider the vote by which the
amendment to the bill offered by the Senator
from Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] was adopted, so
as to bring thewhole subject before the Senate.
Mr. CLARK. I suggest to the Senator not
to take up that matter now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Senate reconsider its vote adopting the
amendment offered by the Senator from Illi-
nois to the bill indicated by the Senator from
V ermont.
Mr. POLAND. I do not ask that the motion
be considered now; I desire only to have it
entered.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tho motion
to reconsider will be entered.
MESSAGE FROM THE IIOOSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhekson, its Clerk, announced
that the House had agreed to the report of the
committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses 011 the bill (H. 11. No.
238) to amend an act entitled " An act relating
to habeas corpus and regulating judicial pro-
ceedings in certain cases," approved March 3,
1863.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolutions, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 391) to create the office of
surveyor general in Idaho Territory;
A bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of
Charles Brewer & Co.;
A bill (H. R. No. 556) to authorize the issuing
of a military land-warrant to Frederick Berlin,
assignee of the heirs of Peter Hess, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 557) to quiet the title to
certain lands within the corporate limits of the
city of Benicia ;
A bill ^H. R. No. 558) to amend the charter
of the Washington Gas-Light Company:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) for tho
relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan
Cornish, for carrying the United States mail
from Boise City to Idaho City, in the Territory
of Idaho; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 133) relative
to the attempted assassination of the Emperor
of Russia.
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The following bills and joint resolutions from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 391) to create the office
of surveyor general in Idaho Territory—to the
Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 555) for the relief of
Charles Brewer & Co.—-to the Committee on
Commerce.
A bill (H. R. No. 55G) to authorize the issu-
ing of a military land-warrant to Frederick
Berlin, assignee of the heirs of Peter Hess,
deceased—to the Committee on Public Lands.
A bill (H. R. No. 557) to quiet the title to
certain lands within the corporate limits of the
city of Benicia—to the Committee on Public
Lands.
A bill (H. It. No. 558) to amend the charter
of the Washington Gas-Light Company—to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
A joint resolution (PI. R. No. 77) for the
relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan
Cornish for carrying the United States mails
from Boise City to Idaho City—to the Commit-
tee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
