1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
says whenever any State shall deny or abridge
the elective franchise on account of race and
color, an implication is suggested in which
there is danger.
If there is an implication, and if there is a
recognition, or even an authorization such as
the gentleman supposes, do we not sec, at least,
that nothing more is suggested than has always
been permitted with universal acquiescence by
the courts and the nation ? The right to exclude
class has been construed into the Constitution
or in spite of the Constitution already, and. all
the restraint we now have would remain, I think.
To retuA to my argument, the pending propo-
sition commends itself, it is thought, for many
reasons.
First. It provides for representation coex-
tensive with taxation.
I say it provides for this; it does not certainly
secure" it, but it enables every State to secure
it. It does not, therefore, as the gentleman from
New Jersey [Mr. Rogers] insists, violatethe
rale that representation should go with taxation.
If a race in any State is kept unfit to vote,
and fit only to drudge, the wealth created by
its work ought to be taxed.
Those who profit by such a system, or such
a condition of things, ought to be taxed for it.
Let them build churches and school-houses, and
found newspapers, as New York and other
States have done, and educate their people till
they are fit to vote.
"Fair play," "A fair day's wages for a fair
day's work," "Live and let live "—these mot-
toes. if blazoned over the institutions of a State,
will insure'it ngainstbeing cursed for any length
of time with inhabitants so worthless that they
are fit only for beasts of burden.
1 have said that the amendment provides for
representation going hand in hand with taxa-
tion. That is its first feature.
Second. It brings into the basis both sexes
and all ages, and so it counteracts and avoids,
as far as possible, the casual and geographical
inequalities of population.
Third. It puts every State on an equal foot-
ing in the requirement proscribed.
Fourth. It leaves every State unfettered to
enumerate all its people for representation or
not, just as it pleases.
Thus every State has the sole control, free
from all interference, of its own interests and
concerns. No oth er State, nor the General Gov-
ernment, can molest the people of any State on
the subject, or even inquire into their acts or
their reasons, but all the States have equal rights.
If New York chooses to count her black pop-
ulation as political persons, she can do so. Jf
she does not choose to do so the matter is her
own, and her right, cannot be challenged.
So of South Carolina. But South Carolina
shall not say, "True, wo have less than three
hundred thousand 'persons' in this State, polit-
ically speaking, yet we will have in governing
the country the power of seven hundred thou-
sand persons."
The amendment is common to all States and
equal for all; its operation will of course be
practically only in the South. No northern
State will lose by it, whether the southern States
extend suffrage to blacks or not. Even New
York, in her great population, has so few blacks
that she could exclude them all from enumer-
ation and it would make no difference in her
representation.
If the amendment is adopted, and suffrage
remains confined as it is now. taking the census of
18UO as the foundation of the calculation, and
the number of Representatives as it then stood,
the gains and losses would be these: Wisconsin,
Indiana, Illinois, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylva-
nia, Massachusetts, Now Jersey, and Maine,
would gain one Representative each, jmd New
York would gain three; Alabama, Kentucky,
North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennes-
see. would each lose one : Georgia, Louisiana,
and Virginia would each lose two, and Missis-
sippi would lose three.
it has been insisted that " citizens of the
United States" and not "persons" should be
the basis of representation and apportionment.
These words were in the amendment as I ori-
ginally drew it and introduced it, but my own
judgment was that it should be "persons," and
to this the committee assented.
There are several answers to the argument in
favor of "citizens" rather than "persons."
The present Constitution is, and always was,
opposed to this suggestion. "Persons," andnot
" citizens," have always constituted the basis.
Again, it would narrow the basis of taxation
and cause considerable inequalities in this re-
spect, because the number of aliens in some
States is very large, and growing larger now,
when emigrants reach our shores at the rate of
more than a State a year.
Again, many of the large States now hold
their representation in part by reason of their
aliens, and the Legislatures and people of these
States are to-pass upon the amendment. It
must be made acceptable to them. For these
reasons the committee has adhered to the Con-
stitution as it is, proposing to add to it only so
much as is necessary to meet the point aimed at.
I have thus, Mr. Speaker, endeavored to
maintain a proposition to which I have given
some thought, not, however, with a view to
speaking upon it until within a few hours. I
have passed over some things which might
easily bo said in its favor. _ It does not go as
far as many persons think it ought, it goes fur-
ther than many persons will admit it should.
I believe it a wise and salutary provision, a
solid block needed in the foundation of our
structure, for the sake of the white man and
the black. Those who lend a helping hand to
put it in its place will, I think, deserve well of
their country. He who does most toward in-
corporating it in the Constitution may hope to
be heir to the praise once.not well bestowed,
Urbem lateritiam invenit, marmoriamreliquit.
Mr. HULBURD. I ask that by unanimous
consent my colleague's time be extended.
Mr. STEVENS. I must object, inasmuch as
the time of the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rooehs] was not extended.
Mr. CON KLIN G. I do not ask it of the House,
as the time of the gentleman from New Jersey
was not extended, although I desired to make
some further suggestions.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise now to move to post-
pone the further consideration of this question
until to-morrow immediately after the reading
of the Journal, and that it be made the special
order for that time. I move also that the reso-
lution lie printed.
M r. RO GERS. I ask that the minority report
be printed also.
Mr. STEVENS. I have no objection to that.
The motion to print was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will state, in favor of the
motion to postpone until to-morrow, that early
action upon the resolution is desirable for the
reason that the Legislatures of twenty-one or
twenty-two States are now in session, and anion*
them that of California. The California Legis
lature will barely have time to receive this
amendment and adopt it if we pass the resolu-
tion now, and her Legislature, if I am rightly
informed, meets only once in two years. It
must, thcrefote, be acted on during the present
session or not at all. It is the same in Ohio, I
am informed.
Mr. GRINNELL. And in Iowa.
Mr. STEVENS. And in Iowa and several
other States. That is my reason for urging the
speedy passage of this amendment, that we may
get it before the people in time for the Legis-
latures of nineteen States to adopt it, and that
is the number necessary. I now move the pre-
vious question on the motion to postpone.
Mr. GRIDER. I hope the gentleman will
consent to postpone it for at least a day or two
longer. We cannot get the amendment in print,
so that we can examine it, before to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. I am only asking now that
we shall go on with the matter to-morrow, that
is all—that we shall proceed at that time to-
morrow. I insist on the previous question. ^
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the operation
thereof Mr. Steven's's motion was agreed to.
USE OF THE HALL.
Mr. COBB. I ask the unanimous consent
of the House to offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the use of this Hall for this evening
be granted to the Soldiers' and Sailors' Union League,
now in session in this eity.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ I object.
Mr. COBB. I move a suspension of the
rules to enable me to offer the resolution-
Mr. STEVENS. I ask the gentleman to wait
until to-morrow, and then he can call it up.
Mr.COBB. The League will have adjourned
to-morrow.
Mr. STEVENS. Is it for this evening?
•Mr.COBB. It is.
The question was taken; and two thirds voting
in favor thereof, the rules were suspended.
The resolution was then received and adopted.
Mr. COBB moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
FRENCH EXPOSITION.
Mr. BANKS, by unanimous consent, from
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, reported
back a joint resolution to provide for the ex-
penses attending the exhibition of the products
of the industry of the United States at the Ex-
position at Paris in 1867; which was referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. BANKS. I now ask that a day may be
assigned for the consideration of the joint res-
olution—say Thursday of this week. It is im-
portant that it should be disposed of immedi-
ately, because if we are to take any part in that
exposition, notice of it must be given to the
country at once. It will take but a very short
time to dispose of it.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman can move to postpone till any day he
pleases, but I object to any special order being
made.
Mr. BANKS. I will ask, then, for a suspen-
sion of tlie rules.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
there are several special orders in the House
and in Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union which would ante-date this.
Mr. BANKS. I move to suspend the rules
to make tlie joint resolution the special order
for Thursday next, and from day to day until
disposed of.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. How much
does the joint resolution appropriate?
Mr. BANKS. One hundred thousand dollars;
but the outside expenditure the Government
will be called upon to make is $50,000, a reim-
bursement of f 50,000 being provided for, I
think, in the resolution. The Committeemen
Foreign Affairs are unanimously of the opinion
that so much Congress is bound to appropriate,
inasmuch as it lias accepted the invitation by
the vote of both Houses.
The question was taken on the motion to sus-
pend the rules, and there were—ayes 69, noes
20; no quorum voting.
Mr. BANKS called for tellers, which were
ordered, and Messrs. Banks, and Washbprne
of Illinois, were appointed. ®
The House divided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes 90, noes 19. _
So the rules were suspended, (two thirds vot-
ing in the affirmative,) and the motion to make
the joint resolution the special order for Thurs-
day next was agreed to.
withdrawal of l'apurs.
Mr. PIIELPS. I ask leave to withdraw from
the files of the House, in order that the same
may be presented in the Senate, the papers of
loyal citizens of Loudoun county, Virginia, pray-
ing for compensation for property destroyed by
the military authority during the late rebellion.
Leave was accordingly granted.
PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS.
Mr. IvELLEY. 1 beg leave to ask the atten-
tion of the House for a single moment. My col-
league and friend from the first district of our
