1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3343
keepers of bonded warehouses established under the
laws and regulations relating to customs.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In lines six and seven
the words " Commissioner of Internal Reve-
nue" should be "Secretary of the Treasury."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made, no objection being interposed.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by adding to it the follow-
ing proviso:
Provided, That any article manufactured in a
bonded warehouse established under tho one hun-
dred and sixty-eighth section of the internal revenue
act of June 30, lSt>i, and located in any of tho Atlan-
tic States, may be removed therefrom for transporta-
tion to a customs bonded warehouse at any port on
the Pacific coast of the United States, fortho purpose
only of being exported therefrom, under such rules
and regulations, and upon the execution of such
bonds or othcrsecurity, as the Secrotary of the Treas-
ury may prescribe.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section [thirty-two]
thirty, as follows:
Sisc'. [32] 30. be it further enacted, That there
shall be appointed by the Secretary of the Treasury
an inspector lor every distillery established accord-
ing to law, who shall take an oath faithfully to per-
forin lusduties; and whoshall takcan account of all
the meal and vegetable productions or other sub-
stances to be used lor tiic purpose of producing spirits,
when put into the mash tub or otherwise used; and
shall inspect, gauge, and prove all the spirits distilled,
under such rules and regulations as may be prescribed
by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue; and shall
take charge of the bonded warehouse established for
tho distillery in conformity to law: and such ware-
house shall be m tho joint custody of such inspector
and the owner thereof, his agent or superintendent;
and when any spirits shall be placed in such ware-
house an entiy therefor, in such form as shall be pre-
scribed by regulation'?, shall immediately be made
and signed by ihe owner ol said spirits and shall have
indorsed thereon a certificate of the inspector that
tho spirits mentioned have been duly inspected and
received in said warehouse, and such entiy and eei-
tilicate shall be filed with the collector of the district;
and whenever smdi warehouse is within the limits of
any poit of entry whoic there shall be a superintend-
ent of exports, ;t duplicate of such entry and certifi-
cate shall forthwith be filed in the oflice of such super-
intendent ; and said inspector shall also certify to tho
returns to be made by the distiller to the assessor;
and shall not engage in any other business while
employed as an inspector; and shall be paid fivedol-
lais per dayfoi the (ime during which he is engaged;
and the amount of compensation thus paid for in-
spection shall be assessed by the assessor upon tho
distiller, and returned to the collector monthly; and
in addition to the above compensation, such inspector
shall receive one eighth of onc cent for each and
eveiy proof gallon of distilled spirits inspected by him
and removed to the bonded warehouse, which shall
be paid by the distiller or owner of the spirits; but
no compensation shall be allowed to such inspector
for more than one inspection ot such spirits. And in
case the duties of such inspector shall be greater at
any time than he can perform, upon the iomt appli-
cation of tho inspector and owner of such distillery,
the collector may up point n n n^shtantinspcctoi; and
upon the refusal ol 1 distiller to join in such appli-
cation, the collector siui 11 decide as to such necessity;
and such as-istant mspcetor shall qualify in the same
manner and bo subject to the same penalties as tho
inspector, and ho shall be paid in the same manner
as the inspector, at a rate not exceeding the sum of
three dolhus pel day while so employed ; and m case
of disagreement as to tho ncee^ity ot retaining the
services of such assistant, between the owner of the
distillery and the inspector, tho collector shall decide
as to such necessity, and his decision in the matter
shall be final. And in ea-e of absence by sickncss,
or from any other cause, of such inspector or assist-
ant, the collector inaj appoint an office* to take tem-
porary charge of such distillery and warehouse, who
shall receive the same rate of pay as said inspector
or assistant for the time he may be so employed, such
amount to be; deducted from the pay of the absent
officer: Provided, That the owner, ancnt, or super-
intendent of any distillery who shall use, cause, or
pcrmitto bo used, any materials for the purpose of
produeingspirits, or shall distill and remove any spirits
in the absence of the acting inspector or assistant,
without permi--ion granted by the collector of the
district, shall forfeit and pay double the amount of
taxes on the ^pn its so produced, distilled, or removed,
and in addition thereto a fine of $1,000, to be recov-
ered m the niannci provided for other penalties im-
posed by thhacl,: Provided further, That a ny person
who shall shi,j, transport, or remove any spirituous
or fermented liquors or wines, under any other than
the proper name or brand known to the trade as des-
ignating the kind and quality of the contents of the
casks or packages containing the same, or who shall
cause the same to be done, shall forfeit the same, and
tehali, on conviction thereof, be subject to and pay a
fine of £500.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out tho following clause after the word "dis-
trict" in line twenty-one:
And whenever such warehouse is within thclimits
of any port of entry where there shall be a superin-
tendent of expoits, a duplicate of such entry and
certificate shall forthwith be filed in the office of
siich superintendent; and said inspector shall also
certify to the returns to be made by tho distiller to
the assessor.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"and," in line twenty-six, to insert "said
inspector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
" monthly," in line thirty-one, to insert "for
collection."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line forty-one
to strike out "collector" and insert " Secre-
tary j" so as to read, "the Secretary of the
Treasury may appoint an assistant inspector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line fifty-four
to strike out "appoint an olHccr" and insert
" designate a person."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "shall," in
line fifty-six, to insert " during such absence
perform the duties and after " pay," in line
fifty-seven, to insert "and be paid in the same
manner."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out
in lines fifty-nine and sixty tho words "such
amount to bo deducted from the pay of tho
absent officer."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line sixty-three,
before "remove," to strike out "ami" and
insert " or.1'
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The next amendment was to insert, after
"thereto," in line sixty-seven, the words "be
liable to."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "penalties,"
in line sixty-nine, to strike out "imposed by
this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next sccton of the
bill, as follows:
Src. [33] 31. And be it. farther cnnctrd, That there
shall be appointed by the Secrotary of the Treasury,
in eveiy collection district where the same may be
necessary, one or mote general inspectors of spirits,
who shall each take an oath faithfully to perlorm
his duties, in such form as the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue may prescribe, and who shall be en-
titled to receive one quarter of one cent for each and
every wine-gallon gauged and proved by him; and
any owner, agent, or superintendent of any distillery
or bonded warehouse who shall refuse to admit an
inspector upon such premises, so far *as it may be
necessary for the performance of his duties, or who
shall obstruct an inspector in the performance of his
duties, shall forfeit and pay the sum of $000, to be
recovered in the manner provided for recovery of
other penalties imposed by this act.
The Commitlee on Finance proposed to
strike out after the word "spirits," in line
four, these words: "who shall each take an
oath faithfully to perform his duties, in such
form as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
mav prescribe, and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Before the word "gal-
lon," in line eight, I move to strike out "wine"
andto insert "proof;" and after " him " in the
same line to insert, "to be paid by the owner
of the spirits ;" so that it will read ;
Who shall be entitled to receive one quarter of one
cenfr for each and every proof gallon gauged and
pioved by him, to be paid by the owner of the
spirits, &e.
The PRES VD1NG OFFICE R. Those changes
will be made unless there be objection.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The next section, the
thirty-fourth of the House bill, oi thirty-second,
according to our numbering, is reported to be
stricken out and a new draft inserted. [ think
the reading of the original may be omitted.
The new draft begins on page 105.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The reading
of the section proposed to be stricken out will
be omitted. The words proposed to be inserted
only will be read.
The Secretary read the words proposed to be
inserted, as follows:
That overy person making or distilling spirits, or
owning any still, boiler, or other vessel used for the
purpose of distilling spirits, or having such still,
boiler, or other vessel so used under his superintend-
ence, cither as agent orowner, orusingany such still,
boiler or other vessel, shall from day to day make,
or cause to bo made, true and exact entry in a book,
to be kept in such form as tho Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue may prescribe, of tho number of
pounds or gallons of materials used for the purpose
ot producing spirits, the number of gallons of spirits
distilled, the number of gallons placed in warehouse,
and tho proof thereof, and the number of gallons
sold, with the proof thereof, and the name and place
of business or residence of the person to whom sold;
and shall also on the 1st, 11th, and 21st days of each
month, or within five days thereafter, render to the
assessor or assistant assessor an account in duplicate
taken from his books in the particulars, hereinbefore
reeitcd, verified by oath, of all tho facts occurring
after the last day of account preceding. The entries
to be made in the books of tho distiller, as afore-
said, shall, upon tliesevcr.il days when the returns
are made, as provided, be verified by oath or affir-
mation of the person orpcrsons by whom such entries
shall havebecn made, in the presence of the assessor
or assistant assessor, or other proper officer, who shall
append thereto his certificate of the execution of tho
same. The owner, agent, or superintendent of any
distillery shall in case the oiiginal entries required
to be made in his books by this act shall not have been
made by himself, subjoin to the certificate of the per-
son by whom they wore mado the following oath or
affirmation: "1 do certify that to the best of my
knowledge and belief tho foregoing entries arc just
auil true, and that I have taken all the means in my
power to mako them so." Said book shall always be
open for the inspection of any assessor, assistant as-
sessor, collector, deputy collector, revenue agent, or
inspector, and any premises where distilling shall bo
carried on shall be open to said officers, or either of
them, at all times in day or night while such distill-
ery is in operation. Any prison who shall violate
tlie provisions of this section shall for overy such
offense be liable to a fine of $000. Any person who
shall lender an account under the provisions of this
section which shall bo f'also or fraudulent, shall be
liable to a lino of not less than $500, or to imprison-
ment not less than six months.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [35] S3. And be it further cnactcd. That, in ad-
dition to the special tax provided, there shall be
lovicd, collected, and paid on all spirits that may be
distilled and removed from the bonded warehouse
for consumption or sale, of first proof, on and after
the passage of this act, a tax of two dollars on each
and every proof gallon; and the said tax shall be a
lien on the spirits distilled, on the distilleiy used for
distilling the same, with the stills, vessels, fixtures,
and tools ihorein, and on the interest of said distiller
in the lot or tract of land whereon the said distillery
i« situated, until the said tax shall be paid: Provided,
That brandy distilled from grapes, apples, or poaches,
shall pay *1 50 per gallon: And provided further. That
tho tax on all spirits shall be collected at no lower
rate than the basis of first pioof, and shall be in-
creased in proportion for any greater strength than
the sticngth of first pi oof.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
strikeout after the word "that" in line one
the words "in addition to the special tax pro-
vided;" after the word "all" in line three to
insert 11 distilled ;" after "spii its" inline three
to strike out "that may be distilled and re-
moved from the bonded warehouse for con-
sumption or sale, of first proof, on and after
the passage of this act," and in lieu thereof to
insert "upon which no tax lias been paid ac-
cording to law ;" after " gallon" in line seven
io insert "to be paid by the distiller, owner,
or any person having possession thereof;" to
strike out "said" before "tax" in line eight;
after "situated" in line twelve to insert "from
the time said spirits are dislilled:" and in
lines fourteen, fifteen, and sixteen to .strike out
"that brandy distilled from grapes, apples,
or peaches, shall pay $1 50 per gallon; and
provided further;" so as to make the section
read:
That there shall be levied, collected, and paid on
all distilled spirits upon which no tax has been paid
according to law, a tax of two dollars on each and
every proof gallon, to be paid by the distiller, owner,
or any person having possession thereof; and the tax
shall bo a lien on the spirits distilled, on the distill-
ery used for dUtilling the same, with the stills, ves-
sels, fixtures, and tools therein, and on the interest
of said distiller in the lot ortiact. of land whereon
the said distillery is situated, fiom tho time said
spirits arc distilled until the said tax shall be paid:
Provided, That the tax on all spirits shall be col-
lected at no lower rate than the basis ot first proof,
and shall be increased in proportion for any greater
strength than the strength of first proof.
The amendments were agreed to.
