3344
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The Secretary read section [thirty-six] thirty-
four, ajs follows:
Sue. [36] 34. And be it far her enacted, That proof
spirit shall be held and taken to be that alcoholic
liquor which contains one half its volume of alcohol
• of a specific gravity of seven thousand nine hundred
and thirty-nine, (.7939) at sixty degrees Fahrenheit,
and the ta"t on all spirits shall be levied according to
their equivalent in proof spirits; and the Secretary
of the Treasury is hereby authorized to adopt, pro-
euro, and prescribe for use, such hydrometers, weigh-
ing and gauging instruments, meters or other means
for ascertaining the strength and quantity of spirits
subject to tax, and to prescribe such rules and regu-
lations as he may deem necessary to insure a uniform
and correct system of inspection, weighing and gaug-
ing of spirits subject to tax throughout the United
States. And in all sales of spirits hereafter made,
where not otherwise specially agreed, a gallon shall
he taken to be a gallon of first proof, according to
the foregoing standard set forth and declared for
the inspection and gauging of spirits throughout tho
United States.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend in line four, after "(.7939,)" by in-
serting 1' ten thousandths,'' and after '' Fahren-
heit," in line five, by striking out "and the
tax on all spirits shall be levied according to
their equivalent in proof spirits."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee further propose to amend
the section in line fourteen after "all" by
striking out "salesof spirits hereafter made,"
and inserting "cases."
Mr. FESSENDEN. That should be non-
concurred in ; it is a mistake.
The amendment was rejected.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec.[37] 35. Andbeit. further enacted. That the owner,
agent, or superintendent of any distillery established
as hereinbefore provided, shall erect, in a room or
building to be provided and used for that purpose*
and for no other, two or more receiving cisterns, each
to be at least of sufficient capacity to hold all tho
spirits distilled during the day of twenty-four hours,
into one of which shall be convoyed each day all the
spirits manufactured in said distillery during that
day; and such cisterns shall be so constructed as to
leave an open space of at least three feet between the
tops thereof and the floor or roof above, and of not
less than eighteen inchcs between the bottoms thereof
and the floor below, and shall be beparatcd in such a
manner ns will enable the inspector to pass around the
same, and shall be connectcd with the outlet of the
stills, boilers, or other vessels used for distilling, by
suitable pipes or other apparatus so constructed as
always to be exposed to tho view of the inspector;
such cisterns and the room in which they are con-
tained. shall be in charge of and under tho look and
seal of tho inspector; and on the third day after tho
spirits are convoyed into such cisterns the same shall
be drawn off into casks or other packages, under the
supervision of the inspector, and shall be immediately
inspected, gauged, pioved,and the casks or packages
marked, as herein provided, and bo removed directly
tothebonded warehouscbeforementioned: Provided,
That the spirits may be drawn off from said cisterns
at any time previous to the third day, if so desired by
the owner, agent, or superintendent of such distillery;
and all locks and seals required under this act shall
be provided by the Secretary of the Treasury, at tho
expense of tho owner of tho distillery, and shall be
combination locks and susceptible of at least ninety-
six changes, and the bits of the keys thereof shall be
changed at least once a week, and shall always be in
the custody of tho inspector or assistant inspector, or
the officer having charge of the distillery and ware-
house.
Tho Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by striking out after " dis-
tillery," in line thirty, the words "and shall
be combination locks and susceptible of atleast
ninety-six changes, and the bits of the keys
thereof shall be changed at least once a week,"
and inserting " or warehouse."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to insert the
words " the keys" before " shall" in line thirty-
throe.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. PESSENDEiST. In line twenty-eight of
that section I move to strike out " under this
act" and insert " by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section [thirty-eight]
thirty-six, as follows:
Sec. 38. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall knowingly and fraudulently use any false
weights and measures in ascertaining, weighing, or
measuring the quantities of grain, meal, or vcgetablo
materials, molasses, or beer, or other substances to
be used for distillation, or who shall fraudulently
make false record of the same, or who shall destroy
or tamper with any locks or seal which may be placed
on any cistern, rooms, or buildings by the duly au-
thorized officers of .the revenue, shall be guilty of a
felony, and on conviction thereof shall be imprisoned
for the term of two years, and pay a fine not exceeding
$1,000, in tho discretion of the court; and any per-
son who shall use any molasses, beer, or other sub-
stances, whether fermented on the premises or else-
where, for the purpose of producing spirits, before an
account of the same shall have been registered in
the proper record book provided for this purpose,
shall forfeit and pny the sum of $1,000 for each and
every offense so committed.
The Committee on Finance proposed before
"measures," in line three, to strikeout " and"
and insert "or."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The correc-
tion will be made.
The next amendment of the committee was
in lines nine and ten to strike out the words
"be guilty of felony and," and to strike out
"shall" before ube," in line ten.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to strike out
"or," at the end of the fourth line of that
section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section [thirty-nine]
thirty seven, as follows:
Sec. [39] 37. Andbe it further enacted, That on all
wines, liquors, or compounds known or denominated
as wine, made in imitation of sparkling wine or cham-
pagne and put up# in bottles in imitation ot any im-
ported wine, or with the pretense of being imported
wine, or wine of foreign growth or manufacture, there-
shall beleviedand paid atax of six dollars per dozen
bottles, each bottle containing more than one pint and
not more than one quai't, or three dollars per dozen
bottles, each bottle containing notm ore than one pint;
and the returns, assessment, collection, and time of
collection of the tax on such imitation wines shall be
subject to the regulations of the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue. And any person who shall will-
fully and knowingly sell, or offer for sale, any such
wine made after the passage of this act, upon which
the tax herein imposed has not been paid, or which
has been fraudulently evaded, shall, upon conviction
thereof, be subject to a penalty of &1,000, or to im-
prisonment not exceeding one year, at the discretion
of the court.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by inserting after "pint,"
in line ten, the words " said tax to be paid by
the manufacturer, owner, or person having
possession thereof."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out in
line sixteen the words "passage of this act"
and insert "this act takes effect."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sko. [40] 38. And he it further enacted, That every
owner, agent, or superintendent of any distillery shall,
at all times when rcqtuired, supply all assistance, lights,
ladders, tools, staging, or other things necessary for
inspecting tho premises, stock, tools, and apparatus
belonging to such person or persons having paid tho
special tax aforesaid, and shall open all doors, and
open for examination all boxes, packages, and all
casks, barrels, and other vessels not under the control
of the inspector, when required so to do by any duly
authorized officer, imdcr a penalty of $200 for any
refusal or neglect so to do.
The Committee on Finance jDroposed to strike
outafter "person," in line five, the words "or
persons having paid the special tax aforesaid.'1
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
Sec. ['11] 39. And be it further enacted, That all spirits
distilled shall, before the same are removed to the
bonded warehouse, bo inspected, gauged, and proved
by the inspector appointed for that purpose, alter the
same has been drawn into casks or packages, each of
not less capacity than twenty gallons, wine measure,
and said inspcctorshall mark, bycuttingorbranding,
upon the cask or packagecontaining such spirits, ina
manner to be prescribed by the Commissioner of In-
ternal Revenue, thequantityandproofof thecontents
of such cask or package,with thedatc of inspection, the
collection district, the nameof the inspector, and the
name of the distiller, and also the number of each cask
in progressive order, such progressive number, for
every distiller, tobegin with number on e with the first
cask or package inspected after this act. and subse-
quently with number one with the first cask inspected
on or after the Istday of January in each year, and no
two or more casks warehoused in the same year by the
same distiller shall be marked with the same num-
ber, and the officer in charge of the warehouse shall
refuse to allow any cask of spirits to bo taken out
therefrom which has not cut or branded thereon all the
several particulars aforesaid, and in the manner re-
quired by this act. And the inspector or other revenue
officer in charge of any distillery shall make a prompt
return of all spirits inspected by him in accordance
with the provisions of this act, and the name of the
distiller, to the collector, and a duplicate thereof to
the assessor of the district; and any person who shall
fraudulently evade or attempt fraudulently to evade
the payment of the tax upon any spirits distilled as
aforesaid, by changing any marks upon any such cask
or package, or in any other manner whatever, or who
shall fraudulently put into such cask or package
spirits of greater strength than that inspected and
certified to by the inspector, shall pay double the
amount of tax on each proof gallon of the quantity
of such spirits, and forfeit and pay as a penalty the
additional sum of $500 for each cask or package so
altered or changed, to be recovered as herein pro-
vided; and any inspector, assistantinspector, or officer
temporarily in charge oi any distillery under this act
who shall conspire with the proprietor of any distill-
ery or with any other person or persons to defraud
the United States of tho revenue or tax arising from
distilled spirits or any part thereof, or who shall, with
intent to defraud the United States of such revenue
or tax, make any false or fraudulent entry, certifi-
cate, or return, shall beVuilty of a misdemeanor; and
any person who shall fraudulently use any cask or
package bearing inspection marks, for the purpose
of selling any other spirits than that so inspected, or
for selling spirits of a quantity or quality different
from that so inspected, snail be imprisoned for a term
of bix months, or shall pay a fine of $100 for each cask
or package soused, in the discretion of the court; and
any person who shall knowingly purchase or sell, with
inspection marks thereon, any cask or package, after
the same has been used for distilled spirits, or who
shall fraudulently omit to erase or obliterate the in-
spection marks upon any such package or cask at the
time of emptying the same, shall forfeit and pay the
sum of fifty dollars for every cask so purchased or
used, or on which the marks are not so obliterated.
And any, person who shall, with fraudulent intent,
use any inspector's brands or plates upon any cask
or package containing or purporting to contain dis-
tilled spirits, except in the employ of the inspector,
or who shall knowingly make or use any counterfeit
or spurious brand or plate upon any cask or package
of distilled spirits, as aforesaid, shall be deemed guilty
of a felony, and, on conviction thereof, shall forfeit
the same, and shall pay a fine of SI,000, and be impris-
oned for not less than two nor more than five years.
And any inspector who shall permit any person not
employed by him to use any of his brands or plates,
or who shall negligently or willfully leave buch brands
or plates where they can be used by any other person
than those who maybe in his employ, shall pay afine
not exceeding $1,000, in the discretion of the court.
And any inspector who shall employ any owner, agent,
or superintendent of any distillery or warehouse un-
der his supervision, or who shall employ any person
in the service of such owner, agent, or superintend-
ent, to use his plates or brands, or to discharge any
of the duties imposed by this act upon such inspector,
shall, for each offense so committed, besubjcct to tho
same fine last mentioned.
The committee proposed to strike out "or"
after "cutting," in line six, and to insert after
"branding" the words "or otherwise."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The committee also proposed to insert after
"act," in line fourteen, the words "takes
effect."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the end of line
twenty I move to strike out the words "cut or
branded" and to insert "marked," andinline
twenty-two to strike out "this act" and insert
'1 law.''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Those amend-
ments will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line twenty-five I
move to strike out " this act" andto insert
"law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
The Committee on Finance proposed to in-
sert after "spirits," in line thirty-four, the
words "to be assessed and collected as in
case of other taxes."
The amendment was agreed to.
In line thirty-seven the committee proposed
to strike out "herein" before "provided;"
and after "provided" to insert " by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line thirty-nine I
move to strike out the words "under this
act ''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
in line forty-five the words "shall be guilty of
a misdemeanor," and to insert in lieu of them
the following:
Or place any false or fraudulent mark upon any
cask or package shall, on conviction thereof, pay a
fine of not less than $1,000, and be imprisoned tor not
less than two nor more than five years.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not limit these
penalties up as well as down ?
