IME CO NCxRESSTOMATj GLOBE
January 23,
State, [Mr. Rawdali,,] in "the course of his re-
cent remarks 'did unintentional injustice to a
gentleman who I know he esteems as highly as I
4p-; and I wish to give that gentleman an op-
portunity to speak for himself, which will relieve
Mm from the injustice which I feel has been done
Mm.
The SPEAKER. It will require unanimous
consent for the gehtlemsin to do so'at 1Ms time.
Mr. BOSS. T object.
Mr. KE/LLEY. I_wish only to read a few
linesfromthedebatesinthe convention of Penn-
sylvania to show the position of my friend, Mr.
Meredith, to whose opinions my colleague re-
ferred the other day. I will not detain the
House mariy minutes.
- Mr. ROSS. Very well; I withdraw my ob-
jection.
Mr. 'KELLEY. Speakifig in the conven-
tion for amending the constitution of our State
upon the question of suffrage, Mr. Meredith
said:
"Jlodeniodthntthe right, of suffrage depended upon
other than political considerations, although he ad-
mitted it was a right which should h£ granted when it
could he done consistently with the safety of the whole
community. Tlxovc wcrohuudrods of whites who stood
precisely in the same position us the blacks in refer-
ence to the right of suffrage. Notwithstanding the
practice which had obtained in the of Pennsyl-
vania for the last half century, and although thot ju-
dicial decisions which hud been made were a^ain^t
the negroes huviug the right to vote, yet ho did not
desire to see a permanent exclusion of them from a
participation in the olcetivo framhiso mado in tho
constitution now undergoing amendment.
" As ho had already said, lie did not wish the right
granted to the mass of thorn, but only those who pos-
sessed inielliftottco and piojxerty. Iio did not think
there would he any objection on (lie pait oftho white
J>opulation, generaHv, to tins. Ilccerfauily had never
ioiir<l any. On (ho oilier hand, he de.-iredthatsonie-
thing should be inserted in tho constitution, either
that they should not have the right ot suflrage, or t hat
they should, upon complying with ceiiain coudilions
and beinj.' po^o^cd of the noecssary fjimlitication^.
iXu thought this might be done without interfering
with tho general principle that was advocated."
He believed in and advocated qualified col-
ored suffrage ; and 1 felt it was but right that he
should be placed correctly before tins House.
Mr. KANDALL, of Pennsylvania. 1 desire
also to make a personal explanation.
.No objection was made.
Mr. 1!A N DA.LIj, of Pennsylvania. Tn my
remarks the other day I quoted tho language of
Mr. Meredith. My colleague |'Mr. Khi.i.kvJ
now quotes language which perhaps woidd scorn
to imply a ililleront meaning from what 1 at-
tributed to Iiim. Now, sir, 1 ai-.li lh<> gentleman
to refer In the vole given upon insei I ing I he « on I
"while" it! the constitution,-and inform tho
House whether Mr. Meredith's name is found
recorded in favor of that insertion or not,. 1
judge a man by his acts, and not by liis argu-
ment*.
Mr. KI'iLLEY, I have not, examined his vole
upon that subject.
Mr. l'ANDA LL, of Pennsylvania. I know
you Jmve not.
_Mr. KHLLKY. Mr. Meredith was in favor
of qnalilied neiiro suffrage.
Mr. PANDA LL, of Pennsylvania. Ho voted
in favor of inserting I lie word "white'' in the
constitution of Pennsylvania,.
Mr. KKLLEY. i have not examined that
point. As my colleague referred to his opinions
on the subject, I desired tolot the country know
what they were.
Mr. RANDA LL, of Pennsylvania. Yon do
not, examine tho whole subject, and you can-
not. throw light, upon if. 1 have no doubt my
othej colleague, [Mr. S'i i',vi:\s. j who was a
member of that coin eution, can give the in-
formation I desire to obtain.
Mr. RTI'jYK I cannot speak upon that
subject, for when the final vote was taken upon
that question [ was absent, being sick in itar-
risburg.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I think
the record, which I will produce here to-mor-
row, will show that Mr. Meredith did vole in
favor of inserting the word "white'' in the
constitution of the Slate of Pennsylvania.
Mr. HTEVKNS. It is very likely ; a great
"many did so vote.
SAM OT MARINE ITOSPTTAI.S, ETC.
Mr. WASHBTTRNE^ of Illinois, introduced
a bill to authorize the sale of marine hospitals
and revenue cutters; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee on
Commerce.
STATUE OF THE LATE PRESIDENT LINCOLN.
Mt. INOERSOLL, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Joint Committee on the Library
be instructed to inquire and report to this House
with regard to the propriety and cost of procuring a
marble statue of tho lato President Lincoln, to ho
placed in the Capitol.
PENSIONS I'Oft MISSOURI STATE MILITIA.
Mr. BENJAMIN, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Jlrsolver/, That the Committee on Invalid Pensions
be directed to inquire into tile expediency of prpvid-
ing by law for extending the provisions of the pen-
sion laws to those who served in tho Mis.-souri State
militia volnntoers.
And then, on motion of Mr. DAVIS, (at
four o' clock and ten minutes p. m.,) the Hor.se
adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 23, 1860.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. K. II. Gray.
The Journal ot' yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. SUMNER. I offer tho memorial of the
association of loyalPennsylvanians, herein the
city of Washington, asking Congress, as soon
us possible, to confer upon all loyal citizens in
this District, the elective franchise, without dis-
tinction of color: and they protest most ener-
getically against the conduct oftho present, board
of aldermen and the city government of Wash-
ington on this subject,. They protest against it
as being an insolent imitation of the exploded
doctrine of State rights, so far as they under-
take to say that Congress, which has, under the
Constitution, exclusive jurisdiction of the Dis-
trict, of Columbia, must defer to the people of
the District, in enforcing a great act of justice.
They set I'orlh certain resolutions which have
been tabled in the, board of aldermen, tending
to show that, the board ol aldermen are strongly
adverse, as they express it, to tho opinions of
our late martyred President. 1 ask the refer-
ence of litis document to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
If was so referred.
Mr. COWAN presented a petition of citizens
of Alleghany county, Pennsylvania, praying
that pensions maybe granted to the sufferers
by the explosion at the Alleghany arsenal on
the 17th of September, liil'.'J; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. It ID I)LK presented a petition of cilizens
of Wilmington, Delaware, praying that, eight
hours may be established as a legal day's work
for all workmen, artisans, or other laborers in
tin1 employ of the United Slates; which was
referred to the Committee on Naval Atfairs.
Mr. I5KOWN presented a petition of cit-
izens of Osage county, Missouri, praying that
a pension may bo granted to Parellee llower-
ton, widow of Stern W. Ilowcrton, who was
killed by the rebels during Price's raid in that
State in October, I8t>-i ; which was referred to
the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HAKIMS presented a memorial of cit-
izens of Si. Lawrence count)', New York, re-
monstrating against the eontinuancc or renewal
of tho so-called reciprocity treaty; which was
referred to the Commit ree on Foreign Relations.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
Mississippi River improvement and Manufac-
turing Company, prajing for a grant of lands
to aid in improving the navigation of the Mis-
sissippi river to the falls of St. Anthony: which
was referred to the Committee on Public. Lands.
Mr. LAKE, of Kansas, presented a petition
of citizens of Galveston, Texas, praying for the
construction of a railroad through the Ind'au
Territory, making it the south branch of the
Union Pacific road, commencing at tho north-
ern line between Kansas and said Territory,
at the junction of the Leavenworth, Lawrence,
and Fort Gibson road, or the nearest point" to
the Pacific road, running south to the south
line of the Indian Territory at a point connect-
ing with the Honston and Texas Central and
Galveston and Houston roads; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on the Pacific Rail-
road.
Mr. MORRILL presented the memorial of
Paul Dudley and fifty-two others,citizens of
Milford and Greenbush, in the State of Maine,
remonstrating against the renewal of the so-
called reciprocity treaty with the British Prov-
inces, and against the formation of any new
treaty which shall grant especial favors to the
people of the Provinces not granted to oth-1
friendly nations; which was referred to tfie
Committee on Foreign Relations.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
citizens, of Pike county, Missouri, praying for
tho appointment of properly qualified engineers
for the examination of applicants for appoint-
ment, as local inspectors of steamboats, and to
examine into the qualifications of local engi-
neers ; which was referred to the Committee oji
Commerce.
Mr. TR (JMBULL. I have received and been
requested to present twenty-seven petitions,
signed by R. H. Smith, and some two thousand
others, citizens, officers, and soldiers of the
volunteer army, praying that tho soldiers who
were enlisted in the eariy part of the war in 18G1
and 18IV2 may be paid the same bounties that
those who enlisted subsequently in the years
1 K():S, 18<>-1, and ] 805 received, alleging that their
sen ices were equally valuable to the country.
1 move the reference of these petitions to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
The motion was agreed to.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. CONNESS. I have received this morn-
ing by telegraph a preamble and resolutions,
dated at Sacramento, California, January 19,
and received at Washington this morning, the
2i!d, addressed directly to the delegation in the
Seriate and House of Representatives from
California, but with the request that they be
laid before both Houses of Congress, relating
to the survey, sale, and disposition of the min-
eral lands, and particularly protesting against
a bill introduced by the honorable Senator from
Ohio [Mr. Shrrmax] for that purpose, setting
forth the varied mischiefs and in juries that must
necessarily result from the enactment of such a
law as has been presented by that Senator to
the interests and the vested and acquired rights
of citizens of the State of California. 1 ask that,
the preamble and resolutions be read, printed,
and referred to the Committee on Mines and
Mining.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Received at Washington, January
P ICRAMEXrO, CALIFORNIA.
Jnnn" n; 10, 1800.
To the delegation in Senate and House from (JfiliJornia
at Wrfiliinutoii:
"Wherorss since the discovery of crolil mines in Cali-
fornia it has boon the policy of the ijeneral Govern-
ment to allow all those who desired to ininc for tho
precious metals in this State a tree and unrestricted
rijrht, to search for and disoo\ or the .-in no, and, when
found, to hold and devchio their claims subject, only
to such restrictions and i ales as mi^ht bo adopted by
conventions hold by these who were en'-nn.oil ui mu-
tual mining cut ernri.^es in the several mining districts
of the .State: and wheieas we believe that, by tho
adoption c,f that policy, the mining interests ol the
State have been developed more thoroughly, and to a
much greater extent, than they would have been un-
der any other policy that, could have been adopted;
and where.is legislation for the-ail'vey and s.ilo ol the
mineral lanes is threatened in the Congress ot tho
ITnitcd Si ntes, and it is seriously pro pom d to di stroy
tho property interests which have been eieated in this
State under tho license of the General Government
for fcoventcen years past, and to revolutionize tile
whole system of mining business and tenures under
which the mines have been so far developed, the S,ate
has prospered, the Government has been suppued
with the sinews of war, trade  ith adv .mtaseou^ mar-
kets, and the revenue a valuable and iiicreasnn; re-
I soiuee: Therefore,   .
I licit /v.vo hu the miners of California iti denn ut
\ coui,rntin}i<i3icin//{t <1, That we arc opposed to ain'-air-
I vey, lease, or sale of tho mineral lands ot this fotato,
