THE COMPRESSIONAL GLOBE.
to form legitimate constitutions for the respective
States. He shall direct an election to be held on a.
certain day to choose delegates to a convention,
which shall meet at the time fixed by him at the
capital of the State and form a State constitution,
which shall be submitted to a vote of the people, and
if ratified by a majority of the legal voters shall be
declared to be the const.itution of the State.
SEC. 4. And be it further enacted, That the persons
who shall'be entitled to vote at both of said elections
shall be as follows: all male citizens above the age
of twenty-one years, who have resided one year in
said State, arid ten days within the election district.
Sec. 5. And be it farther enacted. That the word cit-
izen, as used in this aot, shall be oonstrued to mean
all persons (except Indians not taxed) born or duly
naturalized in the United States. Any male citizen
above the age of twenty-one years shall be eligible as
delegate to said convention.
Sec. 6. And be it further enacted, That all persons
who held office, either civil or military, under tho
government called the "confederate States of Amer-
ica," and who voluntarily swore allegiance to said
government, are hereby declared to have forfeited
their citizenship and to have renounced allegiance
to the United States, and shall not be entitled to ex-
orcise the elective franchise or hold office until three
years after they shall have filed their intention or
desire to bo reinvested with the rights of citizenship,
and shall swear allegiance to the United States and
rcnounco allogianoe to all other governments or pre
tended governments; the said application to beliled
and oath taken in the samo courts that bylaw aro
authorized to naturalize foreigners.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, Thai no oon^t.itu- ,
tion shall be presented to or aetoil on by Congress
which denies to any citizen any rights, privileges, or
immunities which are granted to any other citizen in
the Stato. All laws shall bo impartial, without re-
gard to language, raco, or former oondition. If the
provisions of this section should over be altered, re-
pealed, expunged, or in any way abrograted or dis-
regarded by any State, this act shall become void as
to said State, and tho Stato shall -lose its right to bo
represented in Congress. There shall bo threo offi-
cers of election at each of the polls; two of them sli ill
be called inspectors, who shall receive and deport
tho votes in the box when undisputed. If any voto
Shall be eh alien god tho other ollicor, to be called
judge, shall decide tho question if the inspectors
disagree. Tho officers shall bo chosen as follows; on
tho morning of tho election, at the hour of nine
o'clock, the legal vuteis present at the polls r-hiitl
nominate three or more candidates, and proceed to
elect by dividing in to two or more bodies, according to
tho number of contesting parties. The majority shall
clect. Tho officers thus chosen shall appoint two
clerks, who shall truly rceoul tho voters when the
votes are received, and the votes when counted by tho
otlieers aforesaid. Auy fVaud in conducting tho elec-
tion shall bo deemed a misdonieanor, punishable by
lino and imprisonment, at the discretion of tho court.
Sue. 8. And be it further enacted, Thatwlicnoverthe
foregoing conditions shall bo complied with tho citi-
zensofsaidStatotmay present said constitution toCon-
gross, and il' tho samo shall boapprovod by Congress
said State shall I undeclared en titled to the rights, priv-
ileges, and immunities, and be subject to all tho obli-
gations and liabilities of a Stato within the Union.
No Senator or Itepresentativeshall bo admitted into
oither House of Congress until Congress shall have
declared tho State entitled thereto.
Notwithstanding surrounding discourage-
ments, the exhortation, " Be not weary in well
doing," encourages me to make one more—per-
haps an expiring—effort to do something which
shall be useful to my fellow-men; something to
elevate and enlighten the poor, the oppressed,
and tho ignorant, in this great crisis of human
affairs, i do not feel that this august body,
this grand council of a nation of freemen, has
done anything worthy of its glorious opportu-
nity, worthy of its duty to the immortal beings
whose destinies for good or evil, for happiness
or woe, it holds in its hands; when I reflect
with how few acts of justice, with how few wise
enactments, most of us seem content to close
our labors and disperse to the periphery of
the nation in search of cool shades, purling
trout streams, and to see our bulls and beeves.
I bog it to be understood I do not claim a
right to speak this reproachfully or complain-
ingly ; especially when I consider my own life,
too much of which has been spent in idleness
or frivolous amusement, and find myself almost
ready to yield before every man is secured
equal rights and impartial privileges, I cannot
avoid feeling humbled, I cannot escape the
pangs of self-condemnation. Sir, is this to be
the poor result of the labors of an assembly
clothed with the sovereignty of the only real
republic that ever existed, and which, from
its position, its trials, and the inspired teach-
ings of the fathers, ought to be wiser and
juster than the Amphictyonic Council, or any
other assembly, ancient or modern? Congress
has certainly done some good legislation to aid
the white roan, if he choose, to protect the
poor of all races and colors. But nothing has
been done to enable any but the white man to
protect himself. How precarious and worth-
less is that protection which depends wholly on
the will of others, and leaves one's self de-
fenseless ! In a peaceful, well-governed repub-
lic, the only protection consists in the right to
participate in the government; to aid in the
formation of organic and other laws; to have
a voice in the election of officers, and to influ-
ence the legislation of the country. They must
have the ballot or they will continue, virtually,
to be slaves; they will be servants and tools of
the rich. But give them political power and
they will find friends who will recognize their
manhood, because they will receive in return
a boon which #one but men could bestow.
With less than this, it were a pity that their
bonds were broken. A bondman may have
some intellectual elevation. A freeman, de-
prived of every human right, is the most de-
graded of human beings.
This bill proposes to give the right of suf-
frage, in forming their State governments, to
every man alike, without regard to race or color.
When they form their constitution it leaves them
free. This, it must be remembered, applies
only to the rebel States. No one denies the
right of Congress to fix tho status and terms
of admission of those States. No man of com-
mon sense and common honesty pretends that
the present governments, of at least ten of
them, have any elements or features of legiti-
mate governments. Their old constitutions
were utterly overthrown and have never been
revived. Their present constitutions were not
of their own choice, but were imposed upon
them in the midst of arms, when the "laws were
silent," by a military ruler playing the part of
a mighty conqueror. Not one of their organic
laws was ever submitted to the judgment of
the people. We have'passed a law giving the
right of suffrage to all men in the Territories.
Let us now authorize the outlawed States to
become republican by freely forming their
constitutions by the action of all their free men.
If they then deprive any portion of the people
of their equal rights, let them be content with
their present exterior condition until they shall
become lit to discharge the duties of true re-
publicanism.
Thus will the elective franchise be properly
bestowed on all within the rebel States. The
loyal men will be protected. Now they are
proscribed without regard to color. Reject
this bill, and I see no way of ever giving equal
rights to the South, Reflections like these
have induced me to propose a direct vote (which
1 hope will be allowed) on the vital question
which alone can give protection to the colored
race and tlie loyal whites in the rebel States.
Left as they now are without the protection of
the ballot-box, overwhelming evidence shows
that they are the mere serfs and will bo the
victims of their former masters. The objec-
tion to the insertion of such imperative provis-
ions in an amendment to the Constitution does
not exist to this bill. In tho Constitution it
would have operated equally in every State.
While that, would have been just, it was not
deemed possible. In many of tho free States
deep-seated prejudice, the offspring of igno-
rance and habit, obstructed the cause of justice.
In copperhead States where justice to the col-
ored race has no domicil, and in States nearly
balanced, such reform was thought to be im-
practicable at present. Those States had done
nothing to forfeit their rights and authorize the
nation to impose such new conditions. Nor
had the workings of our institutions shown such
provisions to be absolutely necessary for the
protection of that class or the safety of the
country. The deprivation of the elective fran-
chise to so few, though a great wrong, was not
thought dangerous or intolerable. How differ-
ent the condition of the rebel States! The
concentration of tho whole political power in
the hands of a few tyrannical and disloyal men
has shown itself dangerous to liberty and fidel-
ity to the Government, and unless restrained
must again soon produce bloody insurrections.
Their right to dictate the terms of their parti-
cipation in national affairs all agree to h'av&
been forfeited, and whatever different theories
are held, all concur in the main conclusion,
whether Republicans, Copperheads, Apostates,
or that unamiable hermaphrodite race called
Conservatives; as the conditions of readjust-
ment are to be fixed by the Government, notr6
can deem it severe if we put the loyal freed-
man on an equal footing at the polls with the
disloyal white man. If the wise management
of the government of the country; if the pro-
tection of the loyal men in the rebel sectiohs;
if the election of patriotic Union men to the
State and national offices requires the full
enfranchisement of the colored race ; if justice
to all demands it, why shall we hesitate ?
The only way in which Congress can grant
such power by legislation is through enabling
acts, as provided by this substitute. When
these people become States Congress cannot
either alter or amend their State institutions.
A constitutional amendment can alone reach
it. As Congress can dictate any mode of re-
construction which it deems best, it may pass
enabling acts authorizing these outlawed dis-
tricts to form republican State governments
fit to partake in the government of the nation.
In forming such governments Congress always
fixes the qualifications of the electors. It has
lately, as lhave said, given the right of suffrage
to the colored race in the Territories. This
bill is intended to give the loyal colored men,
as well as the loyal white men, a right to par-
ticipate in the Government under which they
are to live; it excludes none but the most guilty
rebels; that is necessary in-order to enable the
loyal men to live in the land of their birth:
otherwise the proud, persecuting rebels ■will
exile them from their native land. Such is
the united evidence of all the true men of the
South.
When this is done we shall have done but
partial justice to the descendants of an op-
pressed race. God may yet visit us with fur-
ther punishments. Certainly we deserve it.
Why have we not given them homesteads?
Their rebel masters owe it to them. As all
agree that Congress must restore the lost
States, let it be done upon true principles.
Republics must stand upon tho basis of uni-
versal suffrage. Any departure from that is
a departure from republicanism. Exclusion
for crime does not violate the rule.
This bill treats the confederate States as
every branch of our Government treats them.
They are all under military surveillance. No
statesman looks upon their present govern-
ments as anything but temporary, imposed by
arbitrary power until the people could fortn
free governments. It provides that within six
months conventions shall be called of all the
free male people of the States above the age
of twenty-one years—with certain exceptions
on account of crime—to form constitutions
to be submitted to the judgment of the peo-
ple. Upon the ratification of such constitutions
they may be admitted into the Republic, pro-
vided, always, that such constitutions shall not
violate the fundamental principles of republic-
anism by discriminating against any citizen
or class of citizcns in favor of any other under
similar circumstances.
Now, sir, if there bo any State that does not
desire such organic law, let it remain in a state
of pupilage until it shall have learned the ele-
mentary principles of justice and freedom.
All who choose to deal fairly by all men may
thus be represented in this body in the next
Congress. Those who do not choose to give
equal rights to all men, will, with my consent,
never enter this Hall except as Delegates.
A large class of the rebels under oath re-
nounced their allegiance to the United States
and swore allegiance to the confederate States
of America. I consider such oaths void. But
the subjects of it have no right so to treat it.
This bill opens a door to enable them to absolve
themselves from such oath without perjury.
The time fixed is short enough. The loyal men
should have some time to consolidate their gov-
ernment. Iassure gentlemen that without such
