1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL &LQS&
as injurious to tlie best Interests oftheGcneral Gov-
ernment, and of this State, and-utterly ruinous to the
mining community.
Resolved, That any increase of the tax upon the pro-
ceeds of the mines would bo onerous and injurious to
the mining interests of this coast.
lieeohea, Tkfat the bill introduced into the Senate
of the United States by Hon. John Sherman, of Ohio,
is singularly calculated to work the utmost confusion
and loss to the present holders of mining property,
who have 111 vested their labor and capital in develop-
ing the mines, todestroy the vastcanal interests of the
State, the existence of which is necessary to tho pro-
tection of mining, and to expel the great bulk of the
population of the mining districts from their homes,
their business, and possessions.
Resolved, That the miners of California respectfully
petition the Congress of the United States to respect
tho rights and property interests which the policy of
the Government long continued has created and fos-
tered.
Resolved, That we indorse the action of the Legis-
lature of this State requesting delay in the issuance
of patents to the Central Pacific Railroad Company,
or another railroad company, until tho Government
has employed effectivo measures to segregate the min-
eral from fli c agricultural lands lying within tho lilies
of the grant to the railroad company; and while will-
ing and anxious to aid and encourage the construc-
tion of said road, the great national highway, wo most
emphatically protest against the cession of avast sec-
tion of mining and timber lands for that purpose, in-
volving the sacrifice and destruction of private rights
already vested.
Resolved, That a committee of five bo appointed by
tho president of this convention, the said president to
act as chairman thereof, to prepare a memorial to Con-
gress embodying the sentiments contained in those
resolutions, and to cause the same to bo presented
through our delegation in Congress to tho President
of the United States, the Secretary of the Interior,
and Commissioner of the General La.nd Office.
Resolved, That a copy of these resolutions bo forth-
with forwarded by the olFiccrs of the convention to
each of our Senators and members of Congress, with
tho request of tho convention that tho same bo laid
before their respective Houses of Congress.
A. A. SARGENT,
President, Millers1 Convention.
MARCUS D. BAER1CK,
Secretary.
W. B. EWER,
Assistant Secretary.
W. A. SELKIRK,
Assistant Secretary.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that this document be printed, and referred to
the Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 desire that that com-
munication shall be referred to tho Committee
on Public Lands, which has the whole subject
under consideration; and perhaps I ought to
reply in a few words to one or two observations
made by the petitioners. Those who telegraph
this long communication are simply petitioners.
I did not understand tho Senator in his state-
ment to say they were residents of California,
but I presume they arc citizens of San Fran-
cisco and of his State. Tho bill introduced by
me tho other day simply provides for tho ex-
tension of our land-law system to the mineral
lands of the United States. Under the present
system there are no means by which a title can
bo acquired to mineral lands, unless it is under
some old Mexican grant or under a possessory
right, according to their mining laws or customs.
The whole purpose of the bill is to extend our
general land system to tho mineral lands of the
United States. The bill was mainly prepared by
a former Commissioner of Public Lands, now
one of the high officers of the Government. My
conviction has been from the beginning that the
best disposition that could bo made of these
lands is at once to secure to private persons#
absolnte title to them, to grant the fee. The old
policy 01 this Government, of the Spanish Gov-
ernment, and many other Governments has been
to hold within the power of the Government the
title to mineral lands. My own impression has
alwajs been lhat it would be wiser for the Gov-
ernment of the United States to give this land
away to the settler rather thun-to hold the legal
title. But I do believe that the mineral lands
are a legitimate source of revenue, and that,
with the aid of wise officers, we might derive
a considerable revenue from the sale of the
lands after they have been carefully surveyed.
Whether the price per acre fixed by the bill
that I have introduced is too high or not is a
question for future discussion.
The whole purpose of the bill, it seems (o
me, has hem entirely misunderstood by cerram
persons in the minimr region, i h"iioveiftlmt
bill, or a bill of a. kindred character, were passed,
by which the United States would inrest-in tho
occupants of these lands an absolute title, so
that they might have an inducement to go on
and make permanent improvements and de-
velop the resources of the country, that Califor-
nia, Nevada, and all the mining States would rap-
idly grow far beyond their present limits. Tho
truth is, that in all mining countries the trouble
has been that tho population is simply tempo-
rary. It is so in California. It is sometimes very
prosperous and then sometimes very depressed.
There is no fixedand permanent population in
the mining region because there is no absolute
title to the land, andthe greatest improvements,
from all the information I can get, are on the
Mexican grants, where an absolute title was
acquired under the Mexican law.
This being a subject-relating solely to the pub-
lic lands—:the mines are considered merely as
an incident to the public lands—I think this com-
munication should be referred to the Commit-
tee on Public Lands, which has now charge of
the bill that I introduced. The paper relates
entirely to that bill, and tho two ought to go
together. The subject of mines and mining
and minerals is another subject to be considered
by its appropriate committee. I, therefore,
move that the communication be referred to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The PRBSIDENTjjro iewpore. The Sena-
tor from California moved that this communi-
cation be printed and referred to the Committee
on Mines and Mining. As an amendment to
that motion, the Senator from Ohio moves to
strike out "the Committee on Mines and Min-
ing," and to insert in lieu thereof " the Com-
mittee on Public Lands," and the question is
on the amendmciltto the motion.
Mr. CONNESS. I desire to say in connec-
tion with the amendment of the honorable Sen-
ator to refer this communication to the Com-
mittee on Public Lauds in preference to the
Committee 011 Mines and Mining, that, per-
sonally. I have no feeling in regard to it. It
is well known to the Senate that at the head of
the committee to which I proposed to refer it
the Senate has seen fit to place myself. It is
true, as the Senator states, that the bill com-
plained of in this preamble and these resolu-
tions is now in possession of the Committee 011
Public Lands. I thought when tho honorable
Senator moved to refer it there, that it was not
tho committee most fit and proper to consider
it. While it involved a question of the dispo-
sition of tho public domain, it at the same time
peculiarly involved the question of the tenure
and present possession, and all the value that
citizens of the United States engaged in min-
ing pursuits had given to a very large district
of country, and it very materially differed from
a simple question of the disposition of the pub-
lic land in the ordinary acceptation of that
term; and therefore I thought at tho time that
the disposition made of the bill was not the
most fit and proper; but it was not for me to
say anything upon the occasion, and I did not.
Now, I have no objection that the disposition
proposed by the Senatorshall lie made, because
I have 110 question, so far as the Committee on
Public Lands of this body is concerned, that
they will conclude that the bill introduced by
the honorable Senator is not the best calculated
to dispose properly of the question which it
comprehends. Of course I exonerate the Sen-
ator from Ohio from all the blame lhat maybe
directly or indirectly imputed Lohimin connec-
tion with the introduction of the measure, as to
any intent to do anything but the very best for
the country and for even the population of the
mining regions; but I humbly submit to the
Senator now that gentlemen residing out of the
mining regions cannot be acquainted with a
thousand conditions that exist, and that are
important to bo considered, within those regions
and precincts. T undertake to say now that what
is stated in regard to this bill in these resolu-
tions is stiicily true: that if the provisions of
jt wre enacted into a law it would lead not !
simply to inextricable eonfu-ion, but it, would j'
h-ad ovm to revolution in that country, or in
any mining country. ||
The Senator Mrffirif, I-am vdtt-ssSsuSefi, ia
not aware of the injurious tendency, the -de-*
struetive tendency, of many of the provisktes of
the bill, which proposes to put ttp at jroMie
auction -and sell to the highest -bidder the'pos-
sessions of citizens of the "United :'Sta€es ;ra
which their all is now invested. '
But it is not proper to disease thfe' erfffi •<#
the question -of the disposition -of ptfblie
lands upon this motion to refer. In =jtfS8fek:t9
the petitioners and in justice to fflys&ff'-Birfifiiiy
relation to the subject, and to tbebi lis■ tliftt are
now before this body and in committee, or that
may bo presented hereafter, I felt it-due 'to say
something on the subject. If the "honorable
Senator will withdraw his amendment, I shall
withdraw my motion and let this paper go at
present to the Committee on Public Lands.
Yet I submit to him and-to the Senate now
that the Committee on Public Lands is scarcely
the committee to consider the eraestion cif the
disposition of the mines of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly have no desire
to withdraw the subject of mines and mining
from the Committee on Mines and Mining.
Mr. CONNESS. I am aware of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. No doubt they arc well
prepared to consider the subject; but the bill
which I introduced relates not only to the min-
eral lands but also to the farming lands of the
United States, which are supposed to be to the
mines, even in the mining countries, as ten to
one, the great body of the land even in mining
countries being passed over there as wasteland
or as farming land. A" very small proportion,
probably, would be classed as minerafland; but
the whole must be surveyed and sold together;
and therefore tho bill properly goes to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands. At the suggestion of
the honorable Senator I withdraw my amend-
ment, and will allow the reference to be made
to tho Committee on Public Lands, at his
instance.
The PRESIDENT protempore. The amend-
ment is withdrawn. Does tho Chair understand
the motion to be that the document be referred
to the Committee on Public Lands, and printed?
Mr, CONNESS. Yes, sir.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WTLSON, from the Committee on Mil-*
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred tho bill (S. No. 88) to restrict the
expenses of collecting soldiers' claims against
the Government, reported it with amendments.
PROPERTY AT POINT LOOKOUT.
Mr. WILSON. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the joint resolution (II. R. No. 40) directing the.
Secretary of War to postpone the sale of pub-
lic property at Point Lookout, Maryland, haw
directed me to report that it ought not to pass.
I should like to have it acted upon at this time,
and 1 move the indefinite postponement of the
resolution.
Mr. CliESWELL. I have no objection to
tho present consideration of the resolution; but
I should be glad to learn from the gentleman,
as the representative of the committee, upon
what grounds they have decided to recommend
that the resolution be rejected.
Mr. WILSON. If it is to be debated, I think
it had better go over. 1 will say, however, that
tho committee, on consultation with the De-
partment which has the care of these matters,
came to the conclusion that no action of Con-
gress ought to be had on the subject. It is
understood that the persons incorporated to
establish a soldiers' asylum or home do not
believe that to be a proper place, and it will not
bo accepted by them or used for that purpose.
The committee think this matter ought to be
left where tho law now loaves it, in the War
Department, to be dealt with by that Depart-
ment according to its convictions of what the
interests of the country require. The commit-
tee have therefore repotted against thepassage
of the resolution ; but it'1 be Senator from Ma-
ryland docs not want it acted upon at this time
I shail certainly not press it now.
