1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3345
Mr. FESSENDEN. Perhaps it would be
dangerous.
. Mr. TRUMBULL. There is another clause
like the one just read. I presume the chair-
man 'of the Committee on Finance hardly
means it. The provision is that a party shall
be fined not less than $500 and imprisoned not
less than six months, leaving it at the discre-
tion of the court to fine him $500,000, and
imprison him ninety-nine years if lie chooses.
I notice in the amendment just offered there
is a limitation both ways upon the imprison-
ment, but the provision as to fine is that the
fine shall not be less than $1,000. Ought it
not to be limited the other way ? It is usual
in laws of this kind to impose a limitation both
ways.
In the seventeenth section the same thing
occurs; I had intended to call attention to it,
but it escaped me when the section was read.
It is provided in that section "and any person
who shall violate the foregoing provisions of
this section with intent to defraud the revenue
or to defraud any person, shall, upon convic-
tion thereof, be liable to a fine of not less than
$1,000, or imprisonment for not less than six
months, or both such fine and imprisonment,
at the discretion of the court."
It should not be in the discretion of the court
to impose fine and imprisonment ad libitum.
Of course the committee can hardly mean to
leave it in that way. The amendment just
offered says a fine of not less than $1,000.
Why not say 11 and not more than $5,000?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. These are serious of-
fenses, and I should not like to have the pun-
ishment made very light.
Mr. THUMB ULL. It can hardly bo meant
to imprison a man for life.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think the judges
in our section of country would do that. Per-
haps they might be more severe in the Sen-
ator's section. If the Senator will look at the
offenses and make suggestions us to what the
limit ought to be, I shall not object to any
reasonable amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I do not care what the
limit is, but I think there should be some limit,
not exceeding a certain amount. I would not
leave a discretion to impose any amount of
fine or any term of imprisonment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will modify the
amendment by saying "a fine of not less than
$1,000 nor more "than $5,000, and be impris-
oned for not less than two nor more than five
years."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Now I propose to go
back to the seventeenth section, on page 175
and there make an amendment to suit the
Senator's views.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator
from Maine will look this bill over again, lie
■will find that an amendment of the same kind is
wanted in several places where there is no lim-
itation on the amount to which the fine or the
duration to which the imprisonment may ex-
tend. I think it would be well to put such a
limitation in all cases. I suggest it to him for
his consideration.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend sec-
tion seventeen so as to make it read, in lines
twenty-eight, twenty-nine, and thirty:
A lino of not less tlinn $1,000 nor more than ^5,000,
or imprisonment tor not iess than six months nor
moro than five years, or both such five and imprison-
ment, at the discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line fifty-seven, of
section [forty-one j thirty-nine, I move to strike
out "fifty" and insert "two hundred," so as
to make the penalty there $200 instead of $50.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line sixty-two I
move to strike out the words u except in the
employ of the inspector."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed, in line sixty-six,
to strike out " the same" after "forfeit" and
to insert " such cask or package, with its con-
tents. ''
Go no. 1st fes.—No. 210.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Instead of adopting
that amendment I move to strike out all after
"thereof" in line sixty-six to "shall" inline
sixty-seven. The words to be stricken out are
"shall forfeit the same and;" so that it will
then read:
Who shall knowingly make or use anj' counterfeit
or spurious brand or plate upon any cask or pack-
age of distilled spirits, ns aforesaid, shall bo doomed
guilty of a felony, and, on conviction thereof, shall
pay a fine of $1,000, and be imprisoned for not less
than two nor more than five yeais.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. After "years," in line
sixty-nine, 1 move to insert " and such cask or
package, with its contents, shall be forfeited to
the United States."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to strike out
"same," in line eighty-one, before "fine. '
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the words "by this act," in line seventy-nine,
and to insert " by law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
The Secretary road the next section, as
follows:
Sue. [42] 40. And he it further enacted, Th;u any
person or persons who shall add, or cause to be added,
any ingredients to any spirits before the tax imposed
by law shall have been paid thereon, for the purposo
of creating a fictitious proof, shall, upon conviction,
be subject to a tine of i;J,000 for each cask or package
so adulterated, and bo imprisoned tor not more than
two nor less than ouo year, in the discretion of the
court. *
Mr. FESSENDEN. T move to amend this
section in line seven by striking out "more
than two nor," and after " one" inserting "nor
more than two," and by adding mi "_s" to
"year," so as to read, "and be imprisoned
for not less than one nor more than two years,
in the discretion of the count."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. At the end of the sec-
tion I move to add the following words: "and
such cask or package, with its contents, shall
be forfeited to the United Slates."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read section [forty-three]
forty-one, as follows:
Sec. [43J 41. And belt further enacted, That a ny <! i -
tilled s^pii its, upon which a tax is imposed bylaw,
which ha,s been inspected, tfaucrcd, proved, and marked
by the inspector, according to the provisions ot this
act, may bo removed without the payment of tax tiom
the bonded warehouse owned by the distiller, under
such rules and regulations, and upon the execution
of such transportation bonds or other security, as (he
Secretary of the Ticasiuy may prcsr-i ibe, and may bo
transported to any general bonded warehouse used
for the storage of distilled spirits, established under
tho internal revenue laws and regulations, after hav-
ing been branded as follows: " IJ. bonded ware-
house, district,  ; for transportation to  
district, ," tinselling in each ease the number ot
the distiiet and namcol the Ktato;) and immediately
after theariival of sucii distilled spirits at the bonded
warehouse within i he dists icf ot the collector to which
il lias been transfen ed, ilshall a^ain bo iu.-pccted and
placed in bond; and the ta x shall he assecc>ed am I paid
on any deficiency ormlm tion ol thenumberot piooi
{rallon« (oxcopt tho actual loss, net ex< ceding h per
cent.lor leakage) rceeivedat the warehouse, lrom ihc
number ol' proof ska lions as stated in the bond given
at. the place of shipment; and no allowance shall be
made, exccpl for the actual lo.^ as dl'oi csaul, or lor
destruction by unavoidable aeeident.or by the ele-
ments: and any dial illcd spn its cnlcicd in a general
bonded warehouse bhall beh.ubjeet to such rules and
regulations a a the Commu^ioncr ol Internal ltevenuc
may prescribe,and be chargeable with thesame costs
and expenses, in all respects, to which importedgoods
deposited in public ,store or bonded waichousc may
bo subject, and shall he n charge of a ^fore-keeper, to
be appointed by the Societary of Ihc Treasury, wno,
with the owner and prop) ietor of the warehoiuse.^hall
have the joint custody ot all tho distilled spirits so
kIored in said ■warehouse, which shall be at the mk
of the owner of the said spirit-; and all labor on tho
same shall be performed by the owner or proprietor
ol the warehouse, under the supei vision of the oilicer
in charge of the same, and at the expense of said
owner or proprietor. Aiidtliesainefeesrihallbe paid
for execution of all papers, instruments and docu-
ments relating to the exportation of any spirits or
other merchandise, as are charged to exporters for
like services in the cu&tom-house; and all expense
and service- required in tho removal, transfer, and
shipment of the same for export shall be paid by the
owner thereof: Provided, That any distilled spirits
may be withdrawn from a bonded warehouse, alter
having been inspected andgauged by the proper oili-
cer, and alter the payment to the collector of internal
revenue for the district in which the warehouse is sit-
uated of tho tax imposed by law; and when so deliv-
ered, shall be branded " U- S. bonded warehouse, tax
paid;" or may be removed fromsaid warehouse with-
out the payment of the tax for the purpose of being
exported; or for the purpose of being rectified, or re-
distilled, canned, or put into other packages under
su<?h rules and regulations and the execution of such
bonds or other security as the Secretary of tho Treas-
ury may prescribe; but such removal of bonded spirits
lor the purpose of being icctilied, redistilled, or put
into other packages, shall be allowed but once on tho
same spirits; and anj spirits so removed for lcdi&til-
lation, rectification, or change of package, shall bo
returned to the same warehouse, and shall again bo
inspected; and the tax shall be paid to the said col-
lector on any dciicicnoy or reduction beyond three
percent. And such spirits maybe afterward with-
drawn ironx tho warehouso for consumption after the
payment to the collector of internal revenue of the
tax imposed by law, or may be withdrawn for expor-
tation without the payment of tax as provided bylaw.
And no drawback shall be allowed on any distilled
spn its on which the tax lias been paid; but nothing
in this section shall bo so construed as to prevent tho
manufacture in bond lor exportation, without the
payment of duties, of medicines, preparations, com-
positions perfumery, cosmetics cordials, and other
liquors manufactured wholly or in part of domestic
spiuts,as provided by law.
Tho Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by striking out in line two,
after " spirits," the words "upon which a tax
is imposed by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two to
strike onfc "has" and insert <4have."
The PKES1 DING OFFICER. The correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line four the words
u this art" should bo changed to "law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That altera-
tion will be made.
The next amendment of the committee was
before "Secretary," in line nine, to insert
"Commissioner of Internal Revenue, subject
to the approval of the."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line nineteen
to strike out "bond" and insert "bonded
warehouse."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to strike out the
words u assessed and" before "paid" in line
twenty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". [ move to strike out,
in linos sixteen and seventeen, tho words "the
bonded warehouse within."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
the following words from line nineteen to line
twenty-seven:
And tho tax shall be paid on any deficiency or re-
duction of tho number of proof gallons (except the
actual loes, no* exceeding live per cent, for leakage)
reconed at tho warehouse, from the number of proof
gallons as slufed m the bond given at the place 01"
.shipment; and 110 allowance shall be made, except
for 1 he achio! Io- j a., alore^aid, or for destruction by
; unavoidable ac< ideal, or by tho elements.
And in lieu of them to insert.
And the tax shall be paid on tho difference between
the number of proof gallons us stated in the bond
gi\ en at (lie place of shipment and the number re-
! ccivedat tho warehouse, less l he allowance for leakage
1 as established by the regulations of the Commissioner
! of Internal Itovenue? and except for actual drstruc-
! lion by unavoidable accident, by tho elements, or by
the public enemy no other allowance for loss snail bo
made.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed further
to amend the section by inserting alter " pack-
ages,in line filly-seven, the following words:
After the quantity and proof of the spirit-, to be
removed have been ascertained and inspected as
required by law.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee also proposed to insert after
"as,'' in lino sixty, the words ''the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue, subject to liie
approval of."
The amendment was agreed to.
The committee proposed to strike out "any,''
in line sixty-five, before " spirits," and insert
"all."
The amendment was agreed to.
