3346
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
The committee proposed to strike out' 'three''
and insert "five" before "per cent." in line
sixty-nine.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That may be non-con-
curred in.
The amendment was rejected. •
The committee proposed to strike out after
the words "per cent.," in line sixty-nine, the
following:
And snch spirits may tie afterward withdrawn from
the warehouse for consumption after tho payment to
the collector of internal revenue of the tax imposed
by law, or may be withdrawn for exportation without
the payment of tax as provided by law.
And to insert in lieu thereof the following:
And upon spirits removed under bond for the pur-
pose of being redistilled or rectified, or change of
paekage as aforesaid, and upon which an allowance
shall have been made, as herein provided, the duty
upon such allowance shall be paid, together with the
duties imposed by law upon such spirits, in case such
spirits shall be withdrawn for consumption or sale,
or for transportation without being exported.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
committee's amendment by striking out' 'duty''
at the end of line seventy-six and inserting
"tax," and in line seventy-seven by striking
out "duties" and inserting "taxes."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment will be so modified.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In line eighty-four
of the section the word "duties" should be
*' taxes ''
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The Secretaryread section [forty-four] forty-
two, as follows:
Sec. [44] 42. And be it further enacted, That any
spirits or other merchandise may be removed from
bonded warehouse, for the purpose of being export-
ed, upon the order of the superintendent of exports
for the port whence the spirits are to be exported;
and such order shall state the port to which such spir-
i ts are to be shipped, and the name of tho vessel, and
also the number of proof gallons, and the marks of
the packages orcasks, which shall betaken from and
shall agree with the return of said spirits made by
the inspector of the warohouse; and such spirits or
other merchandise shall be branded "U. S. bonded
warohouse, for export," and shall be put on board
of the vessel in or by which they are to be exported,
by an officer under the direction of the superintend-
ent of exports, and placed under the supervision
of an officer of the customs, after a bond shall have
been given in such form and containing such con-
ditions as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue
may proscribe, with one or more sureties, to bo ap-
proved, as to tho sufficiency of the sureties, as the
Commissioner of Internal "Revenue may direet. And
such bond shall be canceled upon tho presentation
of the proper certificate that said spirits have been
landed at the port named in said bond, or at any
other port without tho jurisdiction of tho United
States, or upon satisfactory proof that after ship-
ment tho spirits have been lost. And at any port
where there shall bono superintendent of exports,
all the duties and services required of supeiintend-
ents of exports and drawback shall devolve upon
and be performed by tho collector of internal rev-
enue designated to have charge of exportations.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend the section by striking out after the
word " casks," in line eight, the words "which
shall be taken from, and shall agree with the
return of said spirits made by the inspector of
the warehouse."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
after "'bond," in line fifteen, to insert "with
good and sufficient sureties."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after "revenue,"
in line seventeen, to insert " subject to the ap-
proval of the Secretary of the Treasury."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after" prescribe,"
in line nineteen, to strike out "with one or
more sureties, to be approved, as to the suffi-
ciency of the sureties, as the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue may direct."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
hec. [45] 43. And be if. further enacted, That any
person or persons who shall execute or sign any false
or fraudulent bond, permit, entry, or other docu-
ment, required by law or regulations, or who shall
fraudulently procure the same to be executed, or
who shall connive at the execution thereof, by which
the payment of any internal revenue tax or duty
shall be evaded, or attempted to be evaded, or which
shall be executed, or purport to be executed, for
the purpose of placing in or withdrawing from any
bonded warehouse, any spirits or other merchandise
for any purpose whatever, or which shall in any way
be used or attempted to be used in fraud of the inter-
nal revenue laws and regulations, shall be deemed
guilty of a felony, and on conviction thereof shall
forfeit all right, title, and interest in and to such spir-
its or other merchandise to which such instrument
relates, or purports to relate, and shall be imprisoned
for a term not less than one nor more than five years,
at the discretion of the court. And any inspector,
assistant inspector, or officer temporarily in charge
of any distillery under this act, who shall conspire
with the proprietor of any distillery, or "with any other
person or persons to defraud the United States of the
revenue or tax arising from distilled spirits or any
Sart thereof, or who shall, with intent to defraud the
nited States of such revenue or tax, place any false
or fraudulent mark upon any cask or package, or
make any false or fraudulent entry, certificate, or
return, shall be deemed guilty of a felony, and on
conviction thereof shall be imprisoned not less than
two nor more than five years, at the discretion of the
court.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by striking out after "reg-
ulations," in line twelve, the words "shall be
deemed guilty of a felony and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In line six I move to
strike out "or duty" after "tax."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to strike out
all after the word "court" in the seventeenth
line to the end of the section.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next gection, as
follows:
Sec. [46] 44. And be it further enacted, That any
person owning any distilled spirits intended for sale,
manufactured prior to the time when this act takes
effect, exceeding fifty gallons altogether, shall notify
in writing the collector of the district wherein such
spiiits may be stored, held, or owned, within sixty
days thereafter, to gauge and prove the same; and
upon the receipt of said notice tho collector shall
cause said spirits to be .gauged and proved, and the
casks or packages containing the same to marked by
the inspector in the following manner: manufac-
tured prior to , 186—.  inspector — district.
Inspected , 186—.  . And no spirits so manu-
factured, held, or owned shall be gauged, proved, or
marked in any cistern or other stationary vessel, but
shall be gauged, proved, and marked only in barrels,
casks, or packages in which the same shall have been
placed; and the quantity held in leach-tubs shall be
estimated by the inspector, and, when drawn off into
packages, shall be gauged and marked as herein pro-
vided. Upon the receipt of the return the collector
shall immediately forward to the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue a copy thereof; and any person
holding or owning such spirits, and refusing or neg-
lecting to notify the collector, as in this section pro-
vided, shall forfeit the same and pay tho sum of §500,
to be collcctcd in the manner provided by law for the
collcction of other penalties. No distilled spirits on
which the tax has been paid shall bostored or allowed
to remain on any distillery premises, under the pen-
alty of a forfeiture of all spirits so found. And all
spirits, after being removed from the original paek-
age in which it was inspected and gauged into other
packages for purposes of rectification, redistillation,
or change of proof, shall again bo inspected and
gauged and properly branded; and the absence of
an inspector's brand shall be taken and held as suffi-
cient cause or evidence upon which any spirits so
found may bo forfeited.
The Committee on Finance proposed to strike
out in line thirty-five, after "which," the words
"it was" and to insert 44they were."
t The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
The committee also proposed to add to the
section the following words:
And any person who shall change the character of
any spirits, either by rectification, mixing, or other-
wise, after they have been duly inspected and marked,
as hereinbefore provided, and place the same in other
packages forconsumption or sale without firststamp-
ing or branding upon such package, in such manner
as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may pre-
scribe, the word "rectified," shall forfeit such spirits,
and the same may be seized by the collector or dep-
uty collector of the district wnerc such spirits may
be found, or by such other collector or deputy col-
lector as may be specially authorized by the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue for that purpose.
And anypersonwho shall so brand any package con-
taining spirits knowing the taxes thereon have not
been paid, shall forfeit such spirits, and be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall
be imprisoned for not more than two years, at the
discretion of the court.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [47] 45. And beit further enacted, That all boil-
ers, stills, and other vessels, tools, and implements,
used in distilling or rectifying, and forfeited under
any of the provisions of this act, and all condemned
material, together with any engine, or other machin-
ery connected therewith, and all empty barrels, and
all grain or other material suitable for distillation,
shall, under the direction of the court in which the
forfeiture is recovered, be sold at public auction, and
the proceeds thereof, after deducting the expenses
of sale, shall be disposed of according to law; and
all fines and forfeitures incurred or imposed by vir-
tue of this act shall be sued for and recovered as by
law provided, with costs of suit. And all spirits or
spirituous liquors which may be forfeited under the
provisions of this act, unless herein otherwise pro-
vided, shall be disposed of by the Commissioner of
Internal Revenue as the Secretary of the Treasury
may direct. The term " person," as used in this act,
shall be held to include persons, firm, body-corpo-
rate, company, or association.
The committee proposed to amend this sec-
tion by striking out after "law,,J in line ten,
the words, "and all fines and forfeitures in-
curred or imposed by virtue of this act shall
be sued for and recovered as by law provided,
with costs of suit."
The amendment was agreed to.
After "direct," in line sixteen, the com-
mittee proposed to strike out, "the term 1 per-
son, 1 as used in this act, shall be held to include
persons, firm, body-corporate, company, or
association and in lieu of these words insert
the following:
And the Commissioner of Internal Revenueis hereby
authorized, with the approval of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to exempt distillers of brandy from apples,
peaches, or grapes, exclusively, from such of the pro-
visions of this act, relating to the manufacture of
spirits, asin his judgment may seem expedient. And
any word or words in any and all parts of this act, and
of all acts to which this act is additional, indicating or
referring to person or persons, shall bo taken to in-
clude partnerships, firms, associations, bodies corpo-
rate or politic, or any other party whatsoever, when
not otherwise designated, or manifestly incompatible
with the intent thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
The committeee proposed to insert as a new
section at this point the following:
Sec. 46. And be it further enacted, That any person
who shall remove any distilled spirits from the place
where the same are distilled, otherwise than into a
bonded warehouse as provided bylaw, shall be liable
to a fine of double the amount of the tax imposed
thereon, or to imprisonment for not less than three
months,. All distilled spirits so removed, and all dis-
tilled spirits found elsewhere than in a bonded ware-
house, not havingbeen removed from such warehouse
according to law, and the tax imposed by law on the
same not having been j)a>id, shall be forfeited to tho
United States; or may, immediately upon discovery,
be seized, and after assessment of the tax thereon,
may be sold by the collcctor for the tax and expenses
of seizure and sale. And proceedings upon such seiz-
ure shall be according to existing provisions of law
in relation to distraint, and in conformity with any
regulations which shall be made by the Commissioner
of Internal Revenue. And the burden of proof shall
be upon the clai mant of said spirits to show that the
requirements of law in regard to thesame have been
complied with. And any person who shall aid or abet
in the removal of distilled spirits from any distillery
otherwise than to a bonded warehouse, as provided
by law, or shall aid in the concealment of such spirits
so removed, shall be liable, on conviction thereof, to
a fine of not less than $200, or to imprisonment for not
less than threcmonths; or any other person who shall
remove, or shall aid or abet in the removal of any
distilled spirits from any bonded warehouse other
than is allowed bylaw, shall be liable to a fine of
#1,000, or to imprisonment for notless than six months.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend the
amendment in line twenty-four by inserting
after the word "hundred" the words " nor more
than one thousand;" inline twenty-five, by in-
serting after the word "three" the words "nor
more than twelve;" in line twenty-eight, by
inserting after the words "fine of" the words
"not more than;" and in line twenty-nine, by
inserting the words "nor more than twelve"
before the word "months;" so that the clause
will read:
And any person who shall aid or abet in the re-
moval of distilled spirits from any distillery otherwise
than to a bonded warehouse, as provided by law, or
shall aid in the concealment of such spirits so re-
moved, shall be liable, on conviction thereof, to aline
of not less than two hundred nor more than one thou-
sand dollars, or to imprisonment for not less than
three nor more than twelve months; or any other
person who shall remove, or shall aid or abet in tho
removal of any distilled spirits from any bonded ware-
house other than is allowed by law, shall be liable to
a fine of not more than$1,000, orto imprisonment for
not less than six nor more than twelve months.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
