2386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
SANITARY CONDITION OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. INGERSOLL. By direction of the
Committee for the District of Columbia, I de-
sire to move that the Committee of the Whole
on the state of the Union be discharged from
the further consideration of the joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 121) to place funds in the
hands of the Commissioner of Public Buildings
for sanitary purposes, and that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion at the present time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My col-
league, [Mr. Ingersoi.t.,] I believe, proposes
to make some amendments to the bill.
Mr.INGERSOLL. I did; but upon inquiry,
I find that the city of Washington has appro-
priated more money for the purpose of cleaning
the streets and alleys than this resolution pro-
poses to appropriate; that the city corporation
has done its full share toward putting the city
in a proper sanitary condition, and that the sum
proposed to be appropriated by the joint reso-
lution is no more than will be required for put-
ting the avenues in a proper condition. 1 do
not therefore propose any amendment. If my
colleague proposes any I am ready to hear it.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is the motion of the gen-
tleman from Illinois in order now?
The SPEAKER. It is not, except by unani-
mous consent.
Mr. BEAMAN. I object.
MESSAGE FROM TIIE PRESIDENT.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Edward
Cooper, his Private Secretary, who also an-
nounced that the President had approved and
signed an act to provide for the better organi-
zation of the pay department of the Navj\
BALTIMORE AND POTOMAC RAILROAD COMPANY.
Mr. McCULLOUGH, from the Committee
for the District of Columbia, reported back
House bill No. 388, to authorize the extension,
construction, and use of a lateral branch of
the Baltimore and Potomac railroad into and
within the District of Columbia, with amend-
ments.
The Clerk proceeded to read the bill.
Mr. BEAMAN. Is that a private bill? I
raise the point of order that it is not.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks that it
is a private bill. And as this raises entirely a
new point, the Chair will ask to be indulged
in explaining it.
There is no decision in Barclay's Digest.as
to what are private bills as distinguished from
public bills. It does not appear that there has
ever been an appeal from the decision of the
Chair on that point. On examination, it has
bean found that the ruling of the Chair as to
whether a bill was a private or a public bill
has uniformly been acquiesced in.
It is evident that appropriation bills, Army
bills, bankrupt bills, and other bills of that
character, are public bills, while pension bills,
claims for damages, claims of incorporated
companies, and all bills of every kind from
the Court of Claims, are, under the rule, pri-
vate bills; but there is a middle ground be-
tween these bills where the character of the
bill depends upon usage. A number of years
ago Mr. Speaker Cobb decided that a bill grant-
ing lands to a railroad in Georgia was a private
bill, but that decision has not been followed by
any of those who have followed him as Pre-
siding Officer of this House. It has been cor-
rectly held that railroad land grants were pub-
lic bills.
_ Bills in reference to the District of Colum-
bia have been reported both as public and
private. The Statutes-at-Large are full of
them under the heading of private bills, which
is of course collateral evidence. As there is
no decision in our own Digest, the Chair has
examined into the parliamentary practice of
Great Britain, where there is a marked dis-
tinction, growing out of the fact that fees have
to be paid upon private while none are paid
upon public bills.
In May's Parliamentary Practice fedition of
1859, pages 612 and 613) it is laid down, with
a number of illustrations, that bills relating to
London only are private bills, while those
relating to the whole metropolis "have been
dealt with as public bills; the large area, the
number of parishes, the vast population, and
the variety of interests concerned constituted
them measures of public policy rather than of
local interest." Bills establishing a police
force in the city of London, improving Smith-
field market. &c., were regarded as private
bills, while the metropolitan cattle market and
a metropolitan police were legislated on as
public bills.
From these illustrations it is evident that
while bills relative to and confined in their
operation to the city of London are held in
the British Parliament to be private bills, those
embracing in their sphere the whole metropolis,
including Lambeth, Mary-le-bone, Southwark,
and Finsbury, with their millions of inhabitants
and their vast area, are considered public.
There is also a decision in the second volume
of Hatsell, which the Chair has not here at this
moment, made by the Speaker of the House of
Commons in 1007, that a bill for amending the
highways of three comities was a private bill,
because, as the Speaker said, it being " only"
for three counties it was by all former prece-
dents not a public bill.
The usage has been here that bills confined
strictly in their operation to the District of
Columbia can be reported as private or as
public bills. The bill reported a few weeks
ago for the incorporation of an ice company in
this District was. clearly a public bill, because
it authorized agencies and the transaction of
business in other places outside of the limits
of this District. This bill appears to be con-
fined to the District of Columbia, and can
therefore be reported as a private bill on this
day.
Mr. GARFIELD. Would a bill in refer-
ence to suffrage in this District be a private
bill?
The SPEAKER. Itwouldnot. Private bills
relate generally to individuals or corporations.
The same volume of May' s Parliamentary Prac-
tice states that private bills "are for the inter-
est of an individual, a public company or cor-
poration, a parish, a city, a county, or other
locality." It must not be a general bill in its
enactments, but "a bill for the particular inter-
est or benefit of a person or persons." As an
illustration, a pension bill for the relief of a sol-
dier's widow is a private bill, but a general bill
granting pensions to any class of such persons
as a class instead of as individuals is a public
bill. So far as the reading has progressed, the
Chair infers the pending bill is confined to this
District.
The Clerk then concluded the reading of the
bill.
The amendments of the committee were read
and adopted, as follows:
On page o.linesix, add "necessary for the construc-
tion of said road," and in line sixteen strike out the
woid "inhabitants" and insert "citizens."
On paseS, line forty-nine, at the end of the section,
insert, "which courts shall have the same jurisdiction
and powers ovcrtliesubject-matter as the said circuit
courts have under the act aforesaid."
On paj?e 7, line four, strike out "sixteen" and insert
"twelve," and in line fourteen, same page, after the
word "and" insert the word "any."
Mr. McCULLOUGH. By the act of incor-
poration this company have a right to make
lateral roads, provided they do not extend be-
yond the limit of twenty miles. This bill gives
them a right to make from some point twelve
miles below Washington a lateral road into the
city of Washington.
Mr. ROSS. I move as an amendment to strike
out "four years" and insert "two years," and
also to strike out "six years" and insert "four
years." I think they should be limited to two
years to commence and four years to finish the
work.
The amendment was agreed to.
• The bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. McCULLOUGH moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
HOWARD INSTITUTE AND HOME.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 482, to incorporate the Howard Insti-
tute and Home of the District of Columbia,
with a recommendation that it pass.
The bill was read. It constitutes James M.
Edmunds, and others, a body-politic for the
establishment of the said Institute for the in-
struction of freedmen, and fit them for inde-
pendent support, furnishing also a temporary
home for the sick.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON ACADEMY OF MUSIC.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back House
bill No. 510, to incorporate the Academy of
Music of Washington city, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
The bill was read. It constitutes Max Stra-
koseh, and others, corporators, and fixes the
capital at $-500,000, in shares of fifty dollars
each.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third titne and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON GAS-LIGHT COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back a bill
to amend the charter of the Washington Gas-
Light Company, recommending its passage.
The bill was read. It increases the stock
of the company $500,000.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. INGERSOLL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
NATIONAL SAPE DEPOSIT COMPANY.
Mr. INGERSOLL, from the Committee for
the District of Columbia, reported back, with
a recommendation that it. do not pass, House
bill No. 338, to incorporate the National Safe
Deposit Company of Washington, and moved
that the same be laid on the table.
The bill was accordingly laid on the table.
j. w. nye.
On motion of Mr. INGERSOLL, the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia was dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
papers relating to the claim of J. W. Nye, as-
signee, &c.; and the same were referred to the
Committee of Claims.
NATIONAL THEOLOGICAL INSTITUTE.
Mr. WELKER, from the Committee for the
District of Columbia, reported back House bill
No. 352, to incorporate the National Associa-
tion to Educate Colored Men for the Christian
Ministry, with a substitute, recommending that
the substitute be adopted.
The substitute was read. It creates Abra-
ham D. Gillette, and others, a body-politic for
the _ establishment of a national theological
institute to educate persons for the Christian
ministry. It provides that no person shall
be excluded from the institute on account of
theological belief.
The substitute was agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be  
engrossed and read a third time; and being
