1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3347
The Secretary read the next section of the
bill, as follows:
Sec. [4S] 47. And be it further enacted. That every
brewer shall file with the assistant assessor of the as-
sessment district in which he shall design to oarry on
his business a notice, in writing, stating therein the
nameoftheperson, company, corporation, or firm,and
thenamesof the members of any such company or firm,
together with the place or places of residence of such
person or persons, and a description of th<5 premises
"on which the brewery is situated, and of his or their
title thereto, and. the name or names of the owner or
owners thereof; and also the whole quantity of malt
liquors annually made and sold at the breweiy for
two years last preceding the date of filing such notice.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section in line two by inserting
after the word "shall" the words "before
commencing or continuing business after this
act takes effect."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to strike out
the word " last" in line twelve, before the
word "preceding," and to insert "next," so
as to read, " next preceding the date of filing
such notice."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [49] 48. And be it further enacted, That every
brewer shall execute a bond to the United States, to
be approved by the collector of the district, in a sum
equal to twice the amount of tax which, in the opin-
ion of the assessor, said brewer will be liable to pay
during any one month, which bond shall be renewed
on the 1st day of May in each year, and shall be
conditioned that ho will pay or cause to be paid, as
horein provided, the tax required by law on all beer,
lager beer, ale, porter, and other fermented liquors
aforesaid made by him, or for him, before tho same
is sold or removed for consumption or sale, exccpt as
hereinafter provided; and that howill keep,or cause
to be kept, a book in the manner and for the pur-
poses hereinafter specified, and which shall bo open
to inspection by the proper officers as by law required,
and that he will in all respects faithfully comply,
without fraud or evasion, with all requirements of
law relating to the manufacture of any malt liquors
before mentioned: Provided, That no brewer shall
be required to pay a special tax as a wholesale dealer
by reason of selling at wholesale, at a place other
than his brewery, malt liquors manufactured by him.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section in line thirteen by strik-
ing out, after the word "specified," the word
"and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next three sections,
to which the Committee on Finance reported
no amendment, as follows:
Skc. [50] 49. And be it further enacted. That thero
shall be paid on all beer, lager beer, alo, porter, and
other similar fermented liquors, by whatever name
such liquors may be called, a tax of one dollar lor
every barrel containing not more than thirty-one
gallons; and at a like rate for any other quantity or
lor any fractional part of a barrel which shall be
brewed or manufactured and sold, or removed for
consumption or sale within tho United States; which
tax shall be paid by the owner, agent, or superin-
tendent of the brewery or premises in which such
fermented liquors shall bo made, in tho manner and
at tho time hereinafter specified: Provided, That
fractional parts of a barrel shall bo halves, quarters,
sixths, and eighths; and any fractional part of a bar-
rel containing less than one eighth shall be accounted
one eighth; more than one eighth and not more than
one sixth shall be accounted one sixth; raoro than
one sixth and not more than one quarter shall bo
accounted one quarter; more than one quarter and
not more than one half shall be accounted one half;
more than one half and not moic than one barrel
shall be accounted one barrel; and more than one
barrel and not more than sixty-threegallons shall be
accounted two barrels or a hogshead.
Sec. [51] 50. And be it further enacted, That every
person owning or occupying any brewery or premises
used or intended to be used for the purpose of brewing
or making such fermented liquors, or who shall have
such premises under his control or superintendence
as agent for tho owner or occupant, or shall have in
his possession or custody any brewing materials, uten-
sils, or apparatus, used or intended to bo used on
said premises in tho manufacture of beer, lager beer,
ale, porter, or other similar fermented liquors, either
as owner, agent, or superintendent, shall from day to
day enter or cause to be entered, in a book to be kept
by him for that purpose, the kind of such fermented
liquors, the description of packages, and number of
barrels and fractional parts of barrels of fermented
liquors made, and also tho quantity sold or removed
for consumption or sale, and shall also from day to
day enter or cause to be entered, in a separate book
to be kept bv him for that purpose, an account of all
material by him purchased for the purpose of pro-
ducing such fermented liquois, including grain and
malt, and shall render to said assessor or assistant as-
sessor, on or before the 10th day of each month, a true
statement in writing, taken from his books, or the
whole quantity or number of barrels and fractional
parts of barrels of fermented liquors brewed and sold
or removed for consumption or sale during the pre-
ceding month; and shall verify or cause to be veri-
fied the said statement and the facts therein set forth
by oath or affirmation, to be taken before the as-
sessor or assistant assessor of the district, according
to the form required by law; and shall immediately
forward to tho collector of the district a duplicate of
said statement, duly certified by the assessor or as-
sistant assessor. And said books shall bo open at all
times for tho inspection of any assessor or assistant
assessor, collector, deputy collector, inspector, or rev-
enue agent, who may take memorandums and tran-
scripts therefrom.
Sec. [52] 51. And be it further enacted. That the en-
tries made in such books shall, on or before the 10th
day of each month, be verified by the oath or affirma-
tion of tho person or persons by whom such entries
shall have been made, which oath or affirmation shall
be written in the book at the end of such entries, and
bo certified by the officer administering the same, and
shall be in form as follows: "I do swear (or affirm)
that the forogoing entries woro made by mo, and that
they state truly, according to tho best of my knowl-
edge and belief, the whole quantity of fermented
liquors brewed, the quantity sold, and the quantity
removed from tho brewery owned by , in the
county of . And further, that I have no knowl-
edge of any matter or thing, required by law to be
stated in said ontries, which has been omitted there-
from." And tho owner, agent, or superintendent
aforesaid, shall also, in ease tho original entries
made in his books shall not have been made by him-
self, subjoin thereto tho following oath or affirmation,
to bo taken in manner as aforesaid: 441 do swear (or
affirm) that, to tho best of my knowledge and belief,
tho foregoing entries fully set forth all the matters
therein required by law, and that tho same aro just
and true, and that X have taken all the means in my
power to make them so."
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [53] 52. And be it further enacted, That tho
owner, agent, or superintendent of any brewory, ves-
sels, or utensils used in making fermented liquors,
who shall cvllde or attempt to evade tho paymcntof
tho tax theicon, or fraudulently neglect or refuse to
make true and cxact entry and report of the same in
the manner herein required, or to do or cause to be
done any of the things by lawrequired to be done by
him as aforesaid, or who shall intentionally make
false entryin saidbookorin said statement, orknow-
ingly allow or procure the same to be done, shall for-
feit, for every such offense, all tho liquors made by
him or for him, and till the vessels, utensils, and ap-
paratus used in making tho same, and be liablo to a
penalty of not less than five hundred nor more than
one thousand dollais, to bo recoveied with costs of
suit, and shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor,
and shall bo imprisonedfor a term not cxccedingono
yeai; and said liquois, utensil.*, and apparatus may
be seized and held by any collector or deputy collect-
or until a decision shall be had thereon according to
law : Provided, That proceedings to entoree said for-
feiture shall be commenced by such collector within
twenty days after the seizure thereof. And such pro-
ceedings shall be in the nature ol a proceeding in
rem, or in any proper form of action, in the eircnit
or district court of tho United Slates for the district
where such seizure is made, or in any other court of
competent jurisdiction. And any brewer who shall
neglcetto keep the books, or refuse to furnish the
account and duplicate thereof, as hereinbefore pro-
vided, or who shall refuse to permit the proper otliecr
to examine tho books in tho manner provided, shall,
for every such refusal or neglect, forfeit and pay the
sum of $300.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this scction by inserting after the word
"seized," in line seventeen, the words, "by
the collector or deputy collector of the proper
district, or by such other collector or deputy
collector as may be specially authorized by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue for that
purpose."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In line six I move to
strike out the word "herein" before "re-
quired," and after "required" to insert "by
law;" and in line thirty, 1 move to strike out
"hereinbefore" before " provided," and after
"provided" to insert "by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [54] 53. And be it further enacted, That the Com-
missioner of Internal Revenue shall cause to be pre-
pared, for the payment of tax aforesaid, suitable
stamps denoting the amount of tax herein required
to be paid on the hogshead, barrels, and halves, quar-
ters, sixths, and eighths of a barrel of such fermented
liquors, and shall furnish the samo to the collectors
of internal revenue, who shall each be required to
keep on hand, at all times, a supply equal in amount
to two months' sales thereof, if there shall be any
brewery or brewery warehouse in his district, and the
same shall be sold by such collectors only to the brew-
ers of their districts, respectively; and such collect-
ors shall keep an account of the number and values
of the stamps sold by them to each of such brewers,
respectively; andtheCommissionerof Internal Rev-
enue shall allow upon all sales of such stamps in sums
of $200 or more at one timo, to any brewer, and by
him used in his business, a deduction of seven and
one half per cont.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by striking out, after the
word "respectively," in line fourteen, the fol-
lowing words:
And tho Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall
allow upon all sales of such stamps in sums of $200 or
more at one time, to any brewer, and by him used in
his business, a deduction of seven and one half per
cent.
And inserting in lieu thereof:
And the amount paid into the Treasury by any col-
lector on account of the salo of such stamps to brew-
ers shall bo included in estimating tho commissions
of such collector and of the assessor of the same
district.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
section, in line three, by inserting the word
"the" before "tax;" and in line four by-
striking out the word "herein" before "re-
quired."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, to which
the Committee on Finance proposed no amend-
ment, as follows:
Sf:c.[55] 54. And be it further enacted. That every
brewer shall obtain from the collector of tho distiietiu
which his brewery or brewory warehouso may bo sit-
uated, and nototherwisc.unlesssaid col lector shall fail
to furnish thesumoupon application to him,tho proper
stamp or stamps; and shall affix upon the spigot-
hole or tap (of which there shall be but one) of each
and every hogshead, barrel, keg, or other receptacle,
in which any fermented liquor shall bo contained,
when sold or removed from such brewery or ware-
house, a stamp denoting the amount of the tax herein
required upon such fermented liquor, in such a way
that the said stamp or stamps will be destroyed upon
the withdrawal of tho liquor from such hogshead,
barrel, keg, or other vessel, or upon the introduction
of a faucet or other instrument for that purpose;
and shall aW<>, at the time of affixing such stamp or
stamps, as aforesaid, cancel the same by writing or
imprinting thereon the name of the person, firm, or
corporation by whom such liquor may have beon
made, or the initial letters thereof, and tho date when
cancelcd. Every brewer who shall refuse or neglect
loallix and cancel the stamp or stamps herein re-
quired in the manner aforesaid, or who shall affix a
false or fraudulent stamp thereto, or knowingly per-
mit the sumo to hedono, shall be liable to pay a pen-
alty of $100 for each barrel or package on which such
omission or fraud occurs, and shall ho liablo to im-
prisonraentfor notmoro than one year.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend this
section, in line ten, by striking out the word
"herein" before "required;" and in line
twenty by striking out "herein'' before "re-
quired," and after "required" inserting "by
law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [50] 55. And be it farther enacted, That any
brewer, carman, agent for transportation, or other
person, whoshall sell, remove, reccive, or purchase, or
in any way aid in tho sale, removal, receipt, or pur-
chase of any fermented liquor contained in any hogs-
head, baircl, keg, or other vessel from any brewery,
or brewery warehouse, upon which the stamp herein
required shall not havo been affixed, or on which a
false or fraudulent stamp is affixed, with knowledge
that it is such, or on which a stamp once canceled is
used a second time; and any retail dealer or other
person, who .shall withdraw or aid in the withdrawal
of any fermented liquor from any hogshead, barrel,
keg, or other vessel containing the same, without
destroying or defacing the stamp affixed upon tho
same, or shall withdraw or aid in the withdrawal of
any fermented liquor from any hogshead, barrel, keg.
or other vessel, upon which tho proper stainp shall
not have been affixed, or on which a false or fraudu-
lent. stamp is affixed, as hereinbefore required, shall
be liable to a fine of $100, and to imprisonment not
more than one year, livery person who .shall inake,
sell, or use any false or counterfeit stamp or die for
printing or making stamps which shall be m nota-
tion of, or purport to be a lawful stamp or die of, the
kind before mentioned, or whoshall procure the same
to be done, shall be guilty of a felony, and oe impris-
oned for the term of five years: Provided, ihat every
brewer, who sells feimented liquor at retail at, the
brewery or other place where the same is made, shall
affix and cancel the proper stamp or stamps upon tho
hogsheads, barrels, kegs, or other vessels m which
the same is contained, and shall keep an account of
the quantity so sold by him, and ot the number and
size of the hogsheads, barrels, kegs, or other vessels
in which the same may have been contained, and
shall make a report thereof, vci Hied by oath, monthly,
to the assessor, and forward a duplicate of the same
to the collector of tho district: And 2>rovi<led farther,
That brewers may remove malt liquors of their own
manufacture from their breweries or other places of
manufacture to a warehouse or other plf*ee of storage
occupied by them within the same district, in quan-
tities of not Iws than six barrels in one vessel with-
