1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1427
AUGUSTUS II. PLUMMER.
On motionof Mr. BINGHAM, by unanimous
consent, leave was granted for the withdrawal
from the files of the House of the papers of
Augustus IT. Plummer, United States Array,
praying relief from liabilities for certain drafts;
and the same were referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs.
LOAN BILL.
Tie House then proceeded to the consider-
ation of the special order, House bill No. 207,
to amend an act entitled " An act to provide
ways and means to support the Government,"
approved March 3, 1805.
Mr. MORliILL moved to strike out the fol-
lowing words:
Provided, That the bonds which may bo disposed
of elsewhere than in the United States may be made
payable, both principal and interest, in the coin or
currency of the country in which they are made pay-
able, but shall not boar a rate of interest exceeding
five per cent, per annum.
Mr. HULBURD. The national public debt
On the 1st day of March, 1800, was officially
declared to be $2,827,808,959; the portion of
it funded was $1)181,801,291; the portion of it
not funded, bearing interest, was $1,181,434,-
980; the portion not funded and not bearing
interest was $404,572,083. The last item in-
cludes the matured debt not presented for pay-
ment, $985,979, and $423,435,573 legal tenders.
At that date there was reported by the Secre-
tary in the Treasury coin and currency to the
amount of $110,018,959.
I do not see the chairman of the Committee
on Banking and Currency here, but 1 see a dis-
tinguished member of that committee, the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. IIooveu,]
and I will yield the floor to him to make an
explanation, if he will do it, in reference to the
varyiitg statements of the amount of public
money in the Treasury of the United States.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Mr.
Speaker, in the statement made by the Secre-
tary of the Treasury on the 1st of March, he
represents the amount of coin in the Treasury
at that time at $55,73G, 192 12, and of currency
$00,282,707 12, making together a total of
$116,018,959 24. The letter to which the gen-
tleman from New York refers states that this
is inexcusably erroneous, and goes on to state
that the Secretary had omitted, among other
items, the amount of money deposited in the
national banks, which, the letter says, was
$28,000,000. The Committee of Ways and
Means, having seen this letter, deemed it ex-
pedient to appoint a sub-committee to ascertain
whether there was any foundation for this state-
ment. That committee ascertained that the
amount of money in the national banks was
included in and made a part of the $110,000,-
000, as reported by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on the 1st of March. The statement of
the Comptroller has been reported to have
been that instead of $110,000,000 there was
$170,000,000 in the Treasury. In his expla-
nation contained in the letter referred to by
the gentleman from New York, in regard t.o
that discrepancy, and as evidence of it, he
counts in $28,000,000 in the national banks,
which he says was omitted in the Secretary's
report, in which I think he is entirely mistaken,
as I am satisfied that was included in the bal-
ance of $110,000,000. He then goes on to
state that the amount of United States notes and
compound-interest notes which had been re-
tired, and which in his opinion ought not to
have been retired, should be in the Treasury;
but the fact is that the Secretary, whether he
had authority or not, did retire them, and
therefore that amount was not in the Treasury.
He then lias another sum of $1,300,000 for the
difference between the amount of seven-thirties
purchased and the amount of the five-twenty
bonds sold, and he says that money ought also
to have been in the Treasury, because the Sec-
retary was not authorized to make that dispo-
sition of the bonds. But the fact is that that
disposition had been made, and therefore that
amount could not be in the Treasury.
lie then adds $15,000,000 for the premium
which might have been obtained if the Secre-
tary had undertaken to sell the coin in the
Treasury. Now, the fact is that the coin had
not been sold, and therefore the premium had
not been received and could not be in the
Treasury.
I do not see, therefore, that there is any rea-
son to suppose that the statement of the Secre-
tary is not entirely correct. The amount of
deposits in the national banks is included in
the Secretary's estimate ; the gold was not sold,
and therefore nothing had gone into the Treas-
ury or could go into the Treasury for premium
upon it.
The result of the investigation made by the
committee was that $116,018,959 24 was the
correct amount, and that there was no foun-
dation for the statement in the letter referred
to that it was inexcusably erroneous.
Mr. IIULBURD. Whatever the amount
may be, it is subject to draft as follows:
At sight, amount of gold certificates $12,627, GOO
On ten days' notice after thirty days, tem-
porary loan  118,577,939
One year from date, certificates of indebt-
. edness      62,264,000
One, two, and three-year five per cent, and
compound-interest notes  182.549,041
Three-year seven-thirty notes mature in
the years 1867 and 1868 to tho amount of.. 818.044,000
In the same years six per cent, bonds ma-
ture to the amount of.  18,323,591
It thss appears there is now due at the Treas-
ury, and falling due in tho next ensuing two
years, interest-bearing and otherwise, liabilities
to tiie amount of $1,070,958,854. Amount in
the Treasury deducted leaves $1,500,939,895 to
be provided for. Deducting $450,959,107 frac-
tional currency and legal tenders not bearing
interest, and the large amount of $1,109,980,788
remains to be provided for.
It may be worth noticing that in tho year
1807 the options of the first issue of six per
cent, five-twenty bonds become available. If
the Treasury should then be in funds to retire
them or place them at a lower rate of interest,
it can thus find legitimate employment for all
its spars means.
With such heavy interest-bearing liabilities
constantly and rapidly maturing, why should
the power be asked to call in and pay or fund
the non-interest-bearing notes ? A species of
currency everywhere popular and satisfactory
surely might bo left out until the interest-bear-
ing unfunded liabilities of Government have
been retired or provided for. Or is the retire-
ment of some $1,200,000,000 of such expected
to be of so easy accomplishment that more
absorbent power and capacity should be asked?
Let us look a moment for and. at the means
wherewith such results are to be achieved.
Should the system of customs and of internal
revenue, ably and perspicuously set forth in tho
report of the revenue commission appointed
by tho Treasury Department, be substantially
adopted—as I trust it will be, and realize when
in operation all expectations—for some years it
is estimated to yield only some $307,000,000
per annum. A llowing only an excess of ex-
penditures of $10,000,000 over estimates, and
there will be left, after paying interest and de-
fraying current expenses of Government, to bo
applied to the liquidation of the principal of
the public debt, all told, the yearly sum of about
$07,000,000. Double this estimate, and still
Government accruing liabilities are stupen-
dously in excess of all imaginable receipts from
all conceivable sources. What, then, shall be
done ? Does any one say more and heavier
taxation ?
While taxation is conceded to be the true
touchstone of sound finance, no sane person
familiar with the ubiquitous ramifications of
our present tax system will think of adding
very much thereto or of being able to hunt up
new objects of taxation. The school, highway,
and district taxes, the ordinary municipal, town,
county, and State taxes, the extraordinary un-
dertakings and assessments by reason of boun-
ties and other local war expenditures, though
for the most part voluntarily incurred, neverthe-
less now constitute grievous burdens. Super-
add to all these the multiform direct and indi-
rect taxes which the-United States assessor
and collector and stamp purveyor exacts; and it
 will be acknowledged that it is'probable, for the
present, endurable taxation has about reached
a maximum. . t ,
Howj then, are the existing and maturing
obligations^ of the Government to be taken {tare
of? Individuals embarrassed with heavy in-
debtedness usually ask time—time to adjust,
time to economize and make provision, and,
if solvent, in time, pay. Is not the principle
that governs private interests in this particular
broad and potent enough for public availabil-
ity? This is the originating idea and the basis of
a funding system. In bringing'in the bill jinder
discussion, it is obvious the committee do not
believe the national funding system a failure,
or that the bottom of tho national loan bag has
been reached ; nay, the bill proposes to enlarge
its capacities.
The act of March 3, 1865, which this bill
supplements and extends in very broad terms,
conferred the funding power upon tho Secre-
tary of the Treasury. The first section author-
ized him to issue bonds payable at any period,
not less than five nor more than forty years
from date, as he might deem expedient, and
concluded with these words :
"And any Treasury notes, or other obligations,
bearing interest, issued under any act of Congress,
may, at the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, and with the consent of tho holders, be con verted
into any description of bonds authorized by this act;
and no bonds so authorized shall be considered apart
of the amount of six hundred millions hereinbefore
authorized."
• Tho sccond section authorized tho Secretory
to dispose of any bonds or other obligations
issued under this act, cither in the United States
or elsewhere, in such manner and at such rates
and under such conditions as he may think ad-
visable, for coin or for other lawful money of
the United States, or for any Treasury notes
or other representatives of value which have
been or may be issued under any act of Con-
gress. A clause in the second section declares
that the loan act of June 30, 1804, shall be so
construed as to authorize the issue of bonds of
any description authorized by this act, (March
3, 1805.)
The first section of the June act, so referred
to and enlarged, authorizes the Secretary to
dispose of any bonds, commonly known as five-
twenties, remaining unsold in the United States,
or, if he shall find it expedient, in Europe, at
any time, on such terms as he may deem ad-
visable for lawful money of the United States,
at his discretion, for Treasury notes, &e., issued
under any act of Congress.
Now, under these two acts—June, 1804, and
March, 18G5—can there be a doubt as to the
power the Secretary has had and yet has to
issue and sell, at home or abroad, and on such
terms and time as by him thought advisable,
six per cent, five-twenlv coin bonds, to any
amount, limited only by the consent of tho
holder of Treasury notes, certificates of indebt-
edness, certificates of deposit, or other repre-
sentatives of value issued under any act of Con-
gress, or of coin or lawful money of the United
States, within the compass of fiis negotiation
and control. In those acts there yet remains
the unexhausted power conferred upon the Sec-
retary, without additional legislation, to call
in, if he so elects, every dollar of legal tenders
in circulation, convert them into interest-bear-
ing notes, and then fund them at his discretion.
Broad and unquestioned as this somewhat la-
tent authorization is, the committee now pro-
pose that he shall have the direct power, to be
exercised at his discretion, to retire from cir-
culation any Treasury notes or obligations,
whether feaaring interest or not, in exchange
for any description of bonds authorized by theso
acts, and to dispose of the same in such man-
ner and at such rates as ho may think advisa •
ble for lawful money of the United States, A'o.
In other words, the power is asked, not only to
retire by conversion or purchase the hundreds
of millions of short obligations before enumer-
ated, but in direct words to grant the additional
power, to be exercised at his sole discretion, -
