23S8
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
the first under John Adams, in consequence
of our dissensions with the French republic a
provisional army was authorized, and the grade
of lieutenant general was for the first time in
our history ereated for its commander and
conferred upon General Washington. It was
accepted by him upon the express stipula-
tion that he should not be called into service
until the exigency for which the office was
made, an invasion of the United States by
France, should actually occur. During the
recess which followed the adjournment it was
understood that General Washington was not
entirely pleased with his new rank, bccause
in his opinion it was inferior to that wlich
he had held in the revolutionary war as Gen-
eral and Commander-in-Chief. In deference
to these scruples, when the same Congress
held its third session, it authorized the Pres-
ident to appoint and commission an officer
who should be styled "General of the armies
of the United States." I have not been able
to discover that the appointment under this
power was ever made, and a presumption
is raised that it was not by a return from the
War Department in 1800, where General Wash-
ington is still registered as Lieutenant General,
with the mournful affix "dead," a mere formal
entry, but vividly suggesting, in connection
with a name so illustrious, that—
"The paths of glory lead but to the grave."
I had rested on this conviction until this
morning, when happening to take up the An-
nals of Congress for 1801, I found in the
' resolves passed by Congress on the death of
Washington, which occurred on the 10th of
December, subsequent to the last act to which
I have alluded, he is hailed by the resolutions
as '' General of the armies of the United
States," the precise language of the statute
creating the grade of general. Whether this
title was ever conferred upon him or not, it is
unquestionably true that unless the apprehen-
sion of a war with France had subsided or his
own death had intervened, he would doubtless
have been General of the armies of the United
States.
The theory of the organization of the higher
grades of our Army evidently demands a gen-
eral to complete and round off symmetrically
the ascending scale of rank and authority. The
appropriate command of a brigadier general
is a brigade, of a major general a division, of
a lieutenant general an Army corps, while to
complete the system an officer of higher rank
and of more comprehensive power and ability
is required, who, unchallenged, may direct and
supervise and impart unity and concert of plan
and purpose to the operations of all the armies
in the field.
And this theory is confirmed, without an
exception, by the practice of the master nations
of Europe, who, in the severe school of gigan-
tic and protracted war, have learned military
wisdom. It may be safely said that there is
not a prominent nation in the world whose
army organization does not culminate either
in a general or a marshal. Prussia, with a
peace establishment in 1863 of 210,075 men,
had, in the same year, 63 major generals, 61
lieutenant generals, 34 generals, and two field
marshals. Austria, with a peace establish-
ment in 1863 of 263,825 men, had 303 major
generals, 209 lieutenant generals, 42 generals,
and three field marshals. England, with a
total active_ regular force in 1863 of 192,583
men, had in 1864 186 major generals, 109
lieutenant generals, 68 generals, and five field
marshals, the last grade being conferred only
on royal personages, or general officers most
distinguished for services in the field. France,
with an army in 1862 of 467,357 men, had in
1861 292 generals of brigade, 175 generals of
division, and 11 marshals of France.
But, Mr. Speaker, while this bill creating the
grade of general commends itself to your favor-
able consideration by the symmetry and com-
pleteness it will impart to the graduated scale
of rank in our Army, and while, too, it is vin-
dicated by the example of those nations most
distinguished for military ability and success, I
cannot claim that in our present circumstances,
when the Army has just triumphantly emerged
from the most terrible contest which can ever
assail the integrity of our flag without a gen-
eral to command, and when we are now engaged
in reducing it to the peace establishment, that
either the symmetry of grade or the practice
and example of other nations constitute an
adequate argument for the passage of this bill.
I must admit that the chief claim which it
presents for your approval is as a recognition
and reward of the extraordinary services of the
Republic's most successful and most illustrious
defender ; and I am therefore constrained in
placing the bill upon its merits to refreshen
your remembrance of the obligations of the
country to him in many desponding hours of
its recent extremity and peril. I trust the
House will do me the justice to believe that
while I should have never volunteered to re-
hearse to it his exploits I am still less dis-
posed to shrink from such a rehearsal when
imposed upon me as a duty, and when it is
essential to a full and just appreciation of a
measure I am instructed to report. I should
greatly have preferred that this duty should
have been committed to some gentleman more
capable of "gilding refined gold" or of cele-
brating that merit which is universally acknowl-
edged than myself. If General Grant's claims
upon his country were either doubted or im-
pugned I should rejoice to appear in his defense;
but unless I greatly mistake the temper of this
House upon the question of his exalted de-
serts, no discordant opinions or conflicting
sentiments are to be harmonized here.
Perhaps, however, before entering into a
review of his claims upon the nation, it may
be proper and pertinent to briefly advert to
the rewards which other times and other na-
tions have bestowed upon transcendent mili-
tary service and ability. Far, far back, at the
very dawn of history, indeed upon the very
first page of man's tempestuous annals, writ
in faded hieroglyphs on crumbling columns,
we read that long anterior to these most an-
cient rccords, war had absorbed nearly all the
attention and activities of the race, and that
the victorious warrior, from the necessities of
a constantly threatened and embroiled society,
became of course the king and founder of dy-
nasties. Sesostris, Ramases, Pharaoh, and the
great military chieftains who gave to Babylon
and Assyria their imperial ascendency, are the
names of the Grants, the Shermans, and the
Sheridans of that early day, promoted for mar-
tial service to an absolute sovereignty, trans-
missible by descent, over great empires. The
war which for two lustrums raged round mighty
Ilium was, you will remember, a war of kings
who had acquired their scepters by previous
prowess in the field. And to descend to later
classic times, the names of Miltiades, Themis-
tocles, Aristides, Epaminondas, will instantly
occur to all as those of successful generals who
were rewarded for military service by the chief
civil position in their respective States; while
the honors bestowed .by Rome and Carthage
on Ctesar and Hannibal illustrate the unbounded
gratitude of those great martial nations to their
defenders and deliverers.
Charlemagne won the iron crown with his
sword. In the old regime of France the Lux-
embourgs, the Turennes, and the Condes, who
reared and upheld the throne of the Bourbons,
were invested with palaces, subsidies, and
grants surpassing in splendor and magnificence
the tales of enchantment or the dream of ava-
rice. Even under the Empire dukedoms and
royal titles and pomp were lavished by that
large and warm imperial hand upon the suc-
cessful general who pierced the enemy's cen-
ter or bore the eagles triumphantly to the
bristling crest of wavering battle, and gifts and
estates were wrung from the nations they over-
ran to maintain with more than oriental mag-
nificence the dignity of the rank. England
has always been prodigal of largesses to those
who have vindicated her martial renown and
extended her dominion. For the single victory
of Blenheim, which dissolved the last coalition
and broke the colossal power ox Louis XIV,
Marlborough was created a Prince of the Holy
Roman Empire with the principality Middle-
sheim attached, and upon his grand entrance
into London was received with an ovation
which reminded a classical spectator of those
resplendent triumphs which swept over the
Appian Way in the palmiest days of the mis-
tress of the world. The extensive manor of
Woodstock, once a royal palace—the scene of
the loves of Henry II and the Fair Rosamond
—was instantly conveyed to him in fee, and
the royal comptroller was directed by the
grateful Queen to rear for him the "stately pile
of Blenheim, which remains until to-day a
splendid monument of the genius of the archi-
tect and the gratitude of a nation. For his
subsequent victories an annuity of £5,000 a
year charged upon the post office was settled
upon him, and his dukedom, which was origin-
ally limited to his heirs male, was extended to
his heirs female, "in order," as it was finely
expressed, "that England might never be
without a title which might recall the remem-
brance of so much glory." It has been esti-
mated that the sum total of these grants
exceeded five hundred thousand pounds.
Some of us can remember the Peninsular
campaign ; how with every packet we learned
that the gunsof the Tower were heralding some
new triumphs of the English arms in Spain ;
how London was all ablaze with bonfires; how
the Prince Regent at the" opening of every
Parliament announces some crowning victory
of Wellington, and that he will raise him an-
other step in the peerage, and solicits from his
faithful Commons another hundred thousand
pounds to sustain the style and dignity of the
increased rank. Some of us remember that on
the night when the news from Waterloo first
reached Parliament £100,000 wSre instantly
voted, and that the gratitude of the nation
descended upon the Iron Duke in munificent
grants and golden showers. Places, palaces,
offices, and sinecures are fairly thrown at his
feet. The aggregate of sums given to him,
exclusive of salaries, exceeds £900,000, to say
nothing of a snug little annuity of £2,000.
Our institutions it is said are popular, and
that these regal benefactions are hostile to
their genius and spirit, and yet the American
people have not in the past been insensible to
the claims of great military service to solid
and substantial rewards, and have constantly
solicited expressions of gratitude in harmony
with the simplicity and frugality of our sys-
tem. They rewarded General Washington for
his military services in the Revolution by twice
electing him to the Presidency. They rewarded
General Jackson for his military services in
the war of 1812 by twice electing him to the
Presidency. It was his services in the same
war which contributed vastly to the elevation
of General Harrison to the same office, and
but for his Mexican victories General Taylor
never would have been President of the Uni-
ted States. The heroism of General Scott in
two wars directed the attention of a great
party to him as their candidate for the Presi-
dency, and all parties united in conferring upon
him the rank of lieutenant general as the
only reward they could bestow upon his life-
long devotion to the defense and renown of
our flag.
Now, I could safely challenge each one of
this long line of heroes to come forth and pre-
sent a claim upon national gratitude which can-
not be met and overmatched by the claims upon
us of that modest and reticent soldier who
scattered the armies and destroyed the military
power of a rebellion whose triumph would have
buried the great republic of the world beyond
the hope of resurrection. Tried by the crite-
rion of success, who of them can present a
brighter, fairer, more unsullied record? Tried
by the interests at stake, upon which of their
swords did interests so momentous hang? Tried
by the valor of the adversary, who of them ever
encountered a foe so worthy of his steel ? If
in the sad and disheartening summer of 1863
it had been asked you, what rank will you con-
