3348
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
out affixing the stamp or stamps herein required, but
shall affix the proper stamp or stamps, as aforesaid,
upon such liquor when sold or removed from such
warehouse or other place of storage: And provided
further, That where fermented liquor has become
sour or damaged, so as to be incapable of use as such,
brewers may sell the same for manufacturing pur-
poses, and may remove the same to places where it
may be used for such purposes, in casks or other
vessels, unlike those ordinarily used for fermented
liquors, containing respectively not less than one bar-
rel each, and having the nature of their contents
branded upon them, without affixing thereon the
stamp or stamps herein required.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section by inserting after the word
"storage," in line forty-two, the following:
But when the manufacturer of any ale or porter
manufactures the same in one collcction district, and
owns, occupies, or hires a depot or warehouse for the
storage and sale of such ale or porter in another col-
lection district, he may, without affixing the stamps
on the casks at the brewery, as herein provided for,
remove or transport, or cause to be removed or trans-
ported, said ale and porter, in quantities not less
than one hundieu barrels at a time, under a permit
from the collector of the district wherein said ale or
porter is manufactured, to said depot or warehouse,
but to no other place, under such rules and regula-
tions as the Commissioner of Internal Revenue may
prescribe or deem necessary; andthereafterthe man-
ufacturer of the ale and porter so removed shall
stamp the same when it leaves such depot or ware-
house, in the same manner and under the same pen-
alties and liabilities as when stamped at the brewery,
as heroin provided; and the collector of the district
in which such depot or warehouse is situated shall
furnish the manufacturer with the stamps for stamp-
ing the same, as if the said ale and porter had been
manufactured in his district.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
amendment, in lines forty-nine, fifty-five, and
sixty-one, by striking out the word ''and" be-
fore "porter," and inserting "or," so that it
will read, "ale or porter."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move further to
amend the amendment in line fifty-four, by
striking out the words " or deem necessary."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
Mr. YAN WINKLE. I move farther to
amend this section in line seven by striking
out the word "herein" before "required,"
and after "required" inserting "by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. After the word "af-
fixed," in line seventeen, I move to strike out
the words "as hereinbefore required."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to strike out,
in line twenty-four, the words "be guilty of
felony and."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In line thirty-nine I
move to insert the word "proper" before
"stamp;" in line forty to strike out the words
" herein required ;" and in lines forty and forty-
one to strike out the words "proper stamp or
stamps, as aforesaid," and to iusert tlie word
"same;" so that it will read:
Without affixing the proper stamp or stamps, but
shall affix the same upon such liquor when sold or
removed from such warehouse or other place of
storage.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In line sixty-nine I
move to strike out the word "branded" and
to insert "marked;" and in line seventy to
strike out the word "herein" before "re-
quired;" so as to read, "and having the
nature of their contents marked upon them,
without affixing thereon the stamp or stamps
required."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, to
which the Committee on Finance proposed
no amendment, as follows:
Sec. [57] 50. And be it further enacted, That every
brewer shall brand, or cause to be branded, upon
every hogshead, barrel, keg,orotber vessel, contain-
ing the fermented liquor made by him, before it is
sold or removed from the brewery or brew cry ware-
house, or other place of manufacture, the name of
the person, firm, or corporation by whom such liquor
was manufactured, and the'place where the same
shall have been made; and any person, other than
the owner thereof, orhi3 agent, who shall intention-
ally remove or deface such brand therefrom, shall be
liable to a penalty of fifty dollars for each cask from
which the brand is so removed or defaced.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend
this section, in line two, by striking out the
word "brand" and inserting " mark ;" and
in the same line by striking out the word
ubranded" and inserting "marked in such
manner as shall be prescribed by the Commis-
sioner of Internal Revenue;" and also by
striking out, in lines ten and eleven, the word
L' brand'' and inserting '1 mark.'1
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, to which
the Committee on Finance reported no amend*
ment, as follows:
Sec. [58] 57. And be it further enacted, That every
person, other than the purchaser or owner of any fer-
mented liquor, or person acting on his behalf, or as his
agent, who shall intentionally remove or deface the
stamp affixed, as herein required, upon the hogshead,
barrel, keg, or other vessel, in which the same may
be contained, shall be liable to a line of fifty dollars
tor each such vessel from which the stamp is so re-
moved or defaced, and to render compensation to
such purchaser or owner for all damages sustained
by him therefrom.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. After the word "af-
fixed," in line four, I move to strike out the
words "as herein required."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, to which
the Committee on Finance reported no amend-
ment, as follows:
Sec. [59] 58. And be it further enacted, That the
ownership or possession by any person of any fer-
mented liquor after its sale or removal from brewery
or warehouse, or other place where it was made,
upon which the tax required shall not have been
paid, shall render the same liable to seizure where
ever found, and to forfeiture; and that the want of
the proper stamp or stamps upon any hogshead, bar-
rel, keg, or other vessel in which fermented liquor
may be contained after its sale or removal from the
brewery where the same was made, or warehouse, as
aforesaid, shall be notice to all persons that the tax
has not been paid thereon, and shall be prima facie
evidence of tho non-payment thereof.
The Secretary read the next section, to which
the Committee on Financc reported no amend-
ment, as follows:
Snc.[60]59. And be it further enacted, That every per-
son who shall withdraw any fermented liquorfrom any
hogshead, barrel, keg, orothcr vessel upon which the
proper stamp or stamps shall not have been affixed
a3 herein required, for tho purpose of bottling the
same, or who shall carry on, or attempt to carry on,
the business of bottling fermented liquor in any
brewery or other place in which fermented liquor is
made, or upon any promises having communication
with such brewery or any warehouse, shall be liable
to a fine of $500, and tho property used in such bottling
or business shall be liable to forfeiture.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. In line four, after the
word "affixed," I move to strike out the words
"as herein required."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Srcc. [61] 09. And be it farther cnacted, That any as-
sessor, collector, inspector, or revenue accent, who
shall be interested, directly or indirectly, in the manu-
facture of tobacco, snuff, or cigars, or in the produc-
tion by distillation, or by other process, of spirits, ale,,
or beer, or other fermented liquors, shall, on convic-
tion before any court of tho United States of compe-
tent jurisdiction, pay a penalty nut less than $500 nor
more than 55,000, in the discretion of the court.
The Committee on Finance reported two
amendments to this section. The first was in
line three to strike out the word "be" and to
insert "hereafter become" before the word
"interested."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the
end of the section the following:
And any f-uch officer interested as aforesaid in any
such manufacture at the time of the passage of this
act, who shall fail to divest himself of such interest
within sixty days thereafter, shall be held and de-
clared to have become so interested after thepassage
of this act.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move to amend the
amendment in lines ten and eleven by striking
out the words "at the time of the passage of
this act" and inserting "after this act takes
effect."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr- VAN WINKLE. The same alteration
should be made at the end of the amendment,
striking out the words "the passage of this
act" and inserting "this act takes effect."
The- amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The amendment, as amended, was adopted.
The Secretary read the next section, as
follows:
Sec. [62] 01. And lye it further enacted. That every
officer or employ^ appointed or holding office in the
Bureau of Internal Hevenue under autnority of law,
■whose payment, charges, salary, or compensation
shall be composed, either wholly or in part, of fees,
commissions, allowances, or rewards, from whatever
source derived, bhall be required to render to the
Commissioner of Internal Kevenue, under regula-
tions to be approved by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury, a statement under oath, setting forth the entire
amount of such fees, commissions, emoluments, or
rewards, of whatever nature or from whatever source
received, during the time for which said statemcntis
rendered; and any false statement knowingly and
willfully rendered under thercquircments of this sec-
tion, or regulations established in accordance there-
with, shall be deemed willful perjury, and punished,
on conviction thereof, as provided in section forty-
two of the act of June 30,1864, to which this act is an
amendment; and any neglect or omission to render
such statement when required shall bo punished, on
conviction therefor, by a fine of not less than &200
nor than $500, in the discretion of the court.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
amend this section in line two, by inserting
the words "internal revenue" before the word
" officer," and by striking out, after the word
" officer," the words " or employ^ appointed
or holding office in the Bureau of Internal
Revenue under authority of law."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Secretary read the next section, to which
the Committee on Finance reported no amend-
ment, as follows:
Sec. [63] 62. And be it further enacted, That so much
of this act as changes the existing law relating to
distilled spirits and fermented liquors shall take
effect from and after tho 1st day of September, 1866.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert after the above section the following as
a new section:
Sec. 63. And be it further enacted, That if any per-
son or persions shall, directly or indirectly, promise,
offer, or give, or cause or procure to be promised,
offered, or given, any money, goods, right in action,
bribe, present or reward, or any promise, contract,
undertaking, obligation, or security for the payment
or delivery of any money, goods, right in action,
bribe, present, or reward, or any other valuable thing
whatever to any officer of tho United States, or per-
son holding any place of trust or profit, or discharg-
ing any official function under, or m connection with,
any Department of the Government of the United
States, after the passage of this act, with intent to
influence his decision or action on any question, mat-
ter, cause, or thing which may then be pending, or
may by law be brought before him in his official ca-
pacity, or in his placcof trust or profit, or with intent
to influence any such officer or person to commit, or
aid or abet in committing, any fraud on the revenue
of the United States, or to connive at or collude in,
or to allow or permit, or make opportunity for, the
commission of any such fraud, and shall be thereof
convictcd, such person or persons so offering, prom-
ising, or giving, or causing or procuring to be prom-
ised, offered, orgiven any such money, goods, right-in
action, bribe, present, orreward, orany promise, con-
tract, undertaking, obligation, or security for the pay-
ment or delivery of any money, goods, right in action,
bribe, present, or reward, or other valuable thing
whatever; and the officer or person who shall in any-
wise accept or receive the same, or any part thereof,
shall be liable to indictment in anyeourt of theUni-
tcd States having jurisdiction, and shall, upon con-
viction thereof, be fined not exceeding three times
the amount so offered, promised, or given, and im-
prisoned not exceeding three years; and the person
convicted of so acecpting or receiving the same, or
any part thereof, if an officer or person holding any
such place of trust or profit, shall forfeit his office or
place; and any person so convicted under this sec-
tion shall forever be disqualified to hold any office
of honor, trust, or profit under the United States.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Committee on Finance proposed to
insert as section sixty-four the following:
Sec. 64. And be it further enacted. That hereafter in
all cases of seizure of any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise which shall, in tho opinion of the collector or
deputy collector making such seizure, be of the ap-
praised value of $300 or less, and which shall have been
so seized as being su bj ect to forfeiture und or any of the
provisions of this act, or of any act to which this is an
amendment, excepting in cases otherwise provided,
tho said collector or deputy collcctor shall proceed as
follows, that is to say, he shall cause a list containing
a particular description of the goods, wares, or mer-
chandise bo seized to be prepared in duplicate, and
an appraisement of the same to be4 made by three
sworn appraisers, to be selected by him for said pur-
pose, who shall be respectable and disinterested cit-
izens of the United States, residing within the collec-
tion district wherein the seizure was made. Tho
