1866.
TIIE CONG-RlSSfONAL. ©LOSE.
m
necessary at the present time. They also have
taken the consequences of their action to a cer-
tain extent, and I think they ought to be silent
upon everything which is a natural and neces-
sary and inevitable result of the contest for
which they, in a degree, were responsible.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Will the Senator allow
me to make a single interrogation? The great
Democratic party have "been the maintained of
the Union from the time when trouble first came
until triumph was accomplished; and it cannot
be said with any justice by any gentleman on
the floor of the Senate or otherwise that^they
have failed to maintain the integrity of the Union
with their blood and with their strength; and it
cannot be accredited to any persons who call
themselves antagonists to the Democratic party
that they have been better maintainers of this
Union, from the center all around to the circum-
ference. I make that remark as a challenge to
the Senator's observation, claiming what may
not be properly claimed. Braver men never
came from any countiy than from his, from the
pine woods of Maine, but Democrats came from
there as well as Republicans; and the Demo-
crats from the East and the West, going down
upon the South, were equally armed with his
political friends. I do not claim any privilege
for them, although I have been proud that Dem-
ocrats were in the advance.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That seems to be rather
a speech than an explanation.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Not a speech, but I
do not like the remark that you made and the
challenge you threw down.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If the Senator, or any
other Senator, does not like the remarks I make
he is at liberty to reply, not to interrupt me for
the sake of interjecting his own opinions.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I shall not interrupt
the Senator again.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I shall be very much
obliged to the Senator if he will not. My opin-
ions I express. I made a distinction—I am
very happy to make it—between the individuals
composing the rank and lile of the Democratic
party, many of them, and the acts of the party
in advance of the war. That is a totally dif-
ferent question. That the great mass of the
Democrats at the North have shown themselves
lovers of their country and have entered into
this contest and fought bravely and served
bravely, and, more than all, sustained the Gov-
ernment throughout in the most manly and pa-
triotic way, and are doing it to this day, I freely
acknowledge. I was speaking of previous acts.
As my friend at my elbow [Mr. Or,ark] ob-
serves, what killed the Democratic party v/as
that the mass of them would not follow their
leaders.
I am not apt to talk politics on this floor, and
I have merely made this statement in reply to
what was said by the honorable Senator from
Delaware.
Now, permit ipe to say, we hear a great many
threats of the disruption of the Union party; of
the overthrow we are to experience; of the good
time that is coming for those who are not hav-
ing the most agreeable time in the world. Well,
sir, perhaps it may come. It is not for me to
say that it will not. Perhaps the great party
which has the control of the country at the
present time will commit such errors'that the
people will got tired and wish for a change.
Nothing is more natural. The possession of
power for a long time is apt to make men care-
loss, if not corrupt, and it is a good thing in a
republic that the people can change, and do
see fit to change, from time to time, their rulers.
But let me say to that Senator and to others,
that we hope, the party in power now will con-
tinue long enough to set things right, so that
when there is a change there will not be so great
a capacity for evil as there would have been had
we not remained in power so long. We will
endeavor to strengthen the country if we can- i
not strengthen-ourselves, and that is all that ]
good patriots ought to ask. We will do what j
we can for the public good while we remain in !
power, and not be frightened from that by the I
idea that our reign is to be a short one. Short
or long, I hope it will be honoiable.
The honorable Senator from Delaware has
renewed the charges of our having broken the
Constitution all along from the beginning, vio-
lated constitutional provisions, had Federal
bayonets at the polls in several States, &c.
Why, sir, the honorable Senator antf other Sen-
ators are on record upon that subject here and
before the country over and over again. It has
been the cry from the beginning, from the very
inception five years ago very nearly, of the power
which we then attained. What effect has it
produced upon the public mind? Can gentle-
men flatter themselves that they have frightened
anybody ? Can they flatter themselves that they
have created the least alarm ? Can they flatter
themselves that they have gained strength by
it? Are they stronger to-day than they have
been at any previous time since the accession
of the Republican party to power? It does not
look so to me. If such is the fact, I should
like to have them point to the record of it, and
if they cannot point to any such record after
all they have said, and all the outcry they have
made, the natural inference would be that the
country does not care much for what they do
say on such subjects. The people expect to
hear it as a matter of course in order to pro-
duce a certain effect, and really let it pass as a
sort of necessity: they must listen to it to a
certain extent.
Mr. President, I was about to say that this
bill, as it stands, is intended to meet a neces-
sary or an inevitable result of the war—a war
initiated by the South, carried on by them—a
contest long, bitter, and exhausting. In the
course of that war it bccame necessary to take
measures to emancipate the slaves. Those
measures were taken ; they had their effect; and
as a consequence, the Constitution has now been
changcd so that slavery no longer exists in this
country. A large body of men, women, and
children, millions in number, who had received
no education, who had been laboring from gen-
eration to generation for their white owners and
masters, able to own nothing, to accomplish
nothing, are thrown, without protection, with-
out aid, upon the charities of the world, in com-
munities hostile to them, in communities which
had been in the habit of looking upon them not
^nly with derision but with all the feelings of eon-
tempt which it is possible one human being can
indulge toward another, so far as their status
was concerned and so far as they were concerned;
and in communities, too. angered, outraged, if
you please, by the fact that all these men had
been freed from their domination. That was a
necessity arising out, of the contest,. They were
so freed, and found themselves and were found
in that condition; and why? For the reason
that we were compelled to avail ourselves of
their services, in one particular, and in another
for the reason that we were compelled to deprive
their masters of the material aid which they fur-
nished toward carrying on the contest against
us; and thus we find them when arms have dis-
appeared.
Now, will any man tell me that under such
circumstances, a great people having availed
themselves of that very fact, having used these
former slaves, having deprived the enemy of all
the aid which he received fiom them, will now
throve them upon the world without the sliahtest
protection, without the slightest aid, without
any comfort, exposed to persecution and pros-
ecution in every possible shape; and why ? Be-
cause there is no provision in the Constitution
whereby Congress is authorized to feed and
clothe anybody. "We have a written Constitu-
tion. In spite of all that the honorable Senator
from Delaware has chosen to say, I think we
have a respect, for it. I think in all cases we
have endeavored to adhere to it. There may
have been some cases during the war where its
provisions wore violated, and perhaps necessa-
rily violated. That eomesasamatterinevitable
in the course of all Governments in the many
contingencies to which they are exposed, and
under circumstances for which no previous pro-
vision could be made; tot I would llatfa gentle
men to reflect upon one thing, that as a part of
the constitution, written orunwritten, of all Gov-
ernments, stand the laws of nations necessarily,
inevitably, from the relations which all commu-
nities bear to each other, and from the, contin-
gencies to which they arc exposed. 'I.'hat being
the case, and that unwritten lawof nations being
actually a part of our written law, we accept-, as
we must accept, all the consequences whiel fol-
low from it.
We have been plunged into a war almost, if ndt
quite, the greatest of modern times, involving
vast results. Will gentlemen undertake to tell
me that under such circumstances the neces-
sary results of that war, if it brings about a state
of things not found in our written Constitution,
are to be avoided, shunned, not noticed in any
possible way; that our affairs as connected with
it are not to be closed np under the same law
which governed its and govern all nations while
the war continued ? If so, what a miserable,
weak, powerless people we are. We can carry
on a great war, but the moment the clash of
arms has ceased to strike our ears we become
utterly powerless to provide for any of its neees-
sary and inevitable results, because it is not
written in the Constitution what we should do
in a case which could not be foreseen, and which
the founders of this Government purposely
avoided foreseeing or speaking about! They
provided on general principles for the emer-
gency, but did not talk of it as a thing that could
possibly occur. The Greeks would not men-
tion in their laws the crime of parricide, because
they would not suppose it was a crime that could
ever be perpetrated.
We find ourselves in that condition, we, the
Congress of the United States who have been
carrying on this war—because after all, as part
of the Government, wo have carried it on—the
gentlemen who sit opposite me, and who do not
agree with me in my political views and senti-
ments, and with whom I do not agree, giving
their aid to the same thing, I trust with a good
heart and good spirit, I trust honestly and moan-
ing all they appeared to do; and when tliey find
us or find themselves and the Government in
this condition necessarily as an inevitable and
unavoidable result of the contest which they
themselves have waged, the moment we begin
to provide for what came out of it they tell us,
"You are working against the Constitution; you
cannot find anything there by which you can
feed or clothe a man, woman, or child." That
is the substance of what the honorable Senator
from Delaware has told us to-day, and he finds
particular offense in the fact that occasionally
you see a skin a little darker than his own in
the gallery. That is unconstitutional, too, I sup-
pose. [Laughter.]
Sir, I accept no such doctrines. Whether
you call it the war power or some other power,
the power must necessarily exist, from the na-
ture of the case, somewhere, and if anywhere,
in us, to provide for what was one of the results
of the contests in which we have been engaged.
All the world would cry shame upon us if wo
did not. I know the gentlemen 011 the other
side of the House, and personally I respect
them; we are on the best terms in the world that
men can be on who do not think alike; and I
would trust the honorable Senator from Dela-
ware himself if the case was put upon him to
decide and he had to bear the responsibility of
it before the world. He would not dare, no, ho
wTould not wish, to avoid it. Every sentiment
of his heart and every manly emotion of his
nature woidd revolt at any such idea. It only
shows the difference between what a man would
do himself and what for party purposes he can
advise others to do.
I have thus stated the foundation of the bill.
And what have we already done? At the last
session of Congress we did what, although I
was not a member of Congress at the time, met
with my perfect approbation : we put it upon
the War Department to take care of these peo-
ple who had been a part of the war and an
essential part of the war. We recognized it as
