1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3349
aforesaid list and appraisement shall bo properly
attested by such collector or deputy collcetor and the
persons making the appraisement, for which service
said appraisers shall bo allowed the sum ot $1 50 per
day each, to be paid as other ncces&ary charges of
collectors according to law. If the said goods shall
be found by such appraisers to be of the value of
$300 or less, the said collector ordeputy collector shall
publish a notice, for the space of three weeks, in some
newspaper of the district where the seizure was made,
describing the articles, and stating the time, place,
andcauseof theirscizure, and requiring any person or
persons claiming them to appear and make such claim
within thirty days from the date of the first publica-
tion of such notice: Provided, That any person or
persons claiming the goods, wares, or merchandise,
eosci'/.od, within the time specified in the notice, may
tile with such collector or deputy collector a claim.
Stating his or their interest in the articles seixed, and
may execute a bond to the United States in thepenal
gum of $250, with sureties, to bo approved by said
collector or deputy collector, conditioned that, in
case of condemnation of the articles so seized, the
obligors will pay all the costs and expenses of the
proceedings to obtain such condemnation; and upon
the delivery of such bond to the collector or deputy
collector, hoshnll transmit the same, with the dupli-
cate list and description of the goods seized, to the
United States district attorney lor the district, who
shall proceed thereon in the ordinary manner pre-
scribed by law: And provided, afxo. That if there
shall be no claim interposed and no bond given within
tho tune above specified, the collector ordeputy col-
lector, as tho case may bo, shall give ton days' notieo
of the sale of the goods wares, or meiehandiso by
publication; and at tho time and place specified in
said notice, shall sell tho article so seized at public
auction, and, after deducting the expense of appraise-
ment and sale, he shall deposit the proceeds to the
credit of the Secretary of tho Treasury. And within
one year after tho sale of any goods, wares, or mer-
chandise, as aforesaid, any person or persons claim-
ing to be interested in the goods, wares, or merchan-
dise so sold may apply to the Secretary of the Treasury
for a remission of the forfeiture thereof, or any of
them, and a restoration of the proceeds of the said
Bale, which may be granted by the Miid Sceietary
upon satisfactory proof, to be furnished in such man-
ner as ho shall prescribe: Provided, That it shall be
satisfactorily shown that the applicant, at the time
of the seizure and sale of the goods in question,and
during the intervening time, was absent out of the
United States, or in such circumstances as prevented
him trom knowing of such seizure, and that he did
not know of the same; and al^o that the said forfeit-
ure was incurred without willful negligence or any
intention of iraud on the part ot theowner or owners
of huoh goods. If no application for rmeh restoration
be made within one year, as liereinbcloie prescribed,
then, at the expiration of the said time, the Secretary
ot the Treasury shall cause the proceeds of tho sale
of tho said goods, wares, or merchandise to be dis-
tributed according to law, as in the case of goods,
wares, or merchandise condemned and sold pursuant
to the decrcc of a competent court.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move that the
Senate adjourn.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Trior to
putting that motion, the Chair, with the per-
mission of the Senate, will lay befoin the Sen-
ate several bills from the Iloubc of Represent-
atives, for reference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
UOr.^i; lilLLS REFERRED.
The following bills, from the House of Rep-
resentatives, were severally read twice by their
titles, and referred as indicated below:
A bill (IL R. No. Siil) to reorganize and
establish the Army of the United States—to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
A bill (H. R. No. 098) granting an increase
of pension to Mrs. Mereie E. Scattergood—to
the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 099) for the relief of
James L. Pcrham—to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
A bill (H. R. No. 700) for the benefit of John
W. Jones—to the Committee on Pensions.
Abill (H. R. No. 701) granting a pension to
Mrs. Imogcne Buckingham, of Edgar county,
Illinois—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 702) granting a pension to
Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed—to the Committee
on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 703) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch—to the Commit-
tee on Pensions.
A bill (IL R. No. 704) for the relief of Joel
Farley—to the Committee on Pensions.
A bill (H. R. No. 705) for the relief of George
W. Bush—to the Committee on Pensions.
EUROPEAN1 TROOPS IN MEXICO.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States, communicating, in answer
to a resolution of the Senate of the 13th instant,
a copy of a dispatch of the 4th instant, ad-
dressed to the Secretary of State by the United
States minister at Paris, containing farther
information in regard to the employment of
European troops in Mexico; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Foreign Relations,
and ordered to be printed.
constitutional amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate the following message from the
President of the United States:
To the Senate and House of IieprescnUUfVcs:
I submit to Congress a report of the Secre-
tary of State, to whom was referred the con-
current resolution of the l^lh instant, respect-
ing a submission to the Legislatures of the
States of an additional article to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. R willbu&eon fiom
this report that the Sceietary of State had, on
the 10th instant, transmitted to the Governors
of the several States certified copies of the
joint resolution passed on the loth instant
proposing an amendment to the Constitution.
Even ill ordinary times, any question of
amending the Constitution must be justly re-
garded as of paramount importance. This
importance is at the present time enhanced
by the fact that the joint resolution was not
submitted by the two Houses for the approval
of the President, and that of the thirty-six
States which constitute the Union, eleven are
excluded from representation in either llou.se
of Congress, although, with the single excep-
tion of Texas, they ha\ e been entirely restored
to all their functions as States, in conformity
with the organic law oi the land, and have ap-
peared at the national capital by Senators and
Representatives who have applied for and have
been refused admission to the vacant scats.
Nor have the sovereign people of the nation
been afforded an oppoitunity of expressing
their views upon the important questions winch
the amendment involves. Crave doubts, there-
fore, may naturally and justly arise as to
whether the action of Congress is in harmony
with the sentiments of the people, and whether
State Legislatures, elected without reference
to such an issue, should he called upon by
Congress to decide respecting the ratification
of the proposed amendment.
Waiving the question as to the constitutional
validity of* the proceedings of Congress upon
the joint resolution proposing the amendment,
or as to the merits of the article which it sub-
mits, through the executive department, to the
Legislatures of the States, 1 deem it proper to
observe that the steps taken by the Secre-
tary of State, as detailed in the accompanying
report, are to be considered as purely minis-
terial, and in no sense whatever committing
the Executive to an approval or a lecommen-
dation of the amendment to the State Legisla-
tures or to the people. On the contrary, a
proper appreciation of the letter and spirit of
the Constitution, as well as of tho interests of
national order, harmony, and union, and a
due deference for an enlightened public judg-
ment, may at this time well suggest a doubt
whether any amendment to the Constitution
ought to be proposed by Congress and pressed
upon the Legislatures of the several States for
final decision until after the admission of such
loyal Senators and Representatives of the now
unrepresented States its ha\ c been or as may
hereafter be chosen in conformity with the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
"Washington, D. C.< June 22, 1800.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the message be
laid upon the table and printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The report of the Secretary of State com-
municated by the President is as follows :
To the President:
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the
concurrent rc.-olution of the two Rouses of Congress
of the 18th instant, in the following words—'' thatthe
President of the United States be requested to trans-
mit forthwith to the Executives of the several States
of the United States copies of the article of amend-
ment proposed by Congress to the State Legislatures
to amend the Constitution of tho United States, passed
June 13,1806, respecting citizenship, the basis of rep-
resentation, disqualification for office, and validity
of tho public debt of the United States, &c., to tho
end that the said States may proceed to act upon tho
said article ot amendment, and that he request the
Exccutivo of each State that may ratify said amend-
ment to transmit to the Secretary of State a certified
copy of such ratification"—lias the honor to submit
the following report, namely, that on the 16th instant
Ron. Amasa Cork, of the Committee of the House of
Representatives on Enrolled Bills, brought to this
Department and deposited therein an enrolled reso-
lution of tho two Rouses of Congress, which was
thereupon received by the Secretary of State and
deposited among the rolls of the Department, acopy
of which is hereunto annexed.
Thereupon the Secretary of State, upon the 16th
instant, in conformity with the proceeding which was
adopted by liim in 186a in regard to the then proposed
and afterward adopted congressional amendment of
the Constitution of the United States concerning tho
prohibition of slavery, transmitted certilied copies of
the annexed resolution to the(ioveinorsof thc&cvcral
State-?, together with aeertifieatejxndcircular letter.
A copy of both of these communications is hereunto
annexed.
Respectfully submitted,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Department of St vtk.
Washington, Jane 120, I860.
f Circular.]
Department of State, June 16, I860.
To his Excellency, Governor of the &'late of .
Sir : I have the honor to transmit an attested copy
of a resolution of Congios, pioposmg to the Legisla-
tures of tho several States a fourteenth article to tho
Constitution of the United States. The decisions of
the several Legislatures upon the subject are required
by law to be communicated to thirf Depaitmcnt. An
acknowledgment of the receipt of this communication
is requested bv your Excellenev's most obedient ser-
vant, WUAAAM it. SEWAIID.
The accompanying paper is the certificate of a true
copy oi the concurrent resolution proposing an amend-
ment to the Constitution.
a. .r. firav.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. ISO) for the relief of A. J. Cray; which
was to add, at the end of the bill, the words
<4to be paid out of the naval pension fund."
Mr. VAN WINKLK. hi the absence oftlie
chairman of the Committee on Pensions, I
move that, that amendment be concurred in.
The motion was agreed to.
51 its. amarllla cook.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ment of the Ilousc of Representatives to the bill
(S. No. 238) granting a pension to Mrs. Araa-
rilla Cook; which was to reduce the pension
from twenty dollars to seventeen dollars per
month.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in the amendment of the House. I
have examined it.
The motion was agreed to.
corni'Juus cnowli:y.
The Senate proceeded to considertheamend-
ment of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 21~)) for the relief of Cornelius
Crowley; which was to strike out the last line
of the bill, and to insert in lieu thereof, ''and
pay him at that rate in lieu of any other pen-
sion to "which he may have been entitled.''
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I move that the Sen-
ate concur in that amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
hock island arsenal.
The Senate proceeded to considerthe amend-
ment of the House of Representatives _ to the
bill (S. No. 330) making further provision for
the establishment of an armoiy and jusenal
of construction, deposit, and repair on Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. The amendment of the House
is a substitute for the whole bill. I have read
it carefully, and I think it is right, and 1 move
that the Senate concur in the amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
minority report on reconstruction.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When the Senator from
Maryland [Mr. Johnson] was leaving the city
a few days ago, to be absent for some days, he
