4310
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
July 28.
message prom the senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced the appointment by
that body of a committee to wait on the Pres-
ident, ia conjunction with a similar committee
on the part of the House, and that Mr. Harris
and Mr. fessesd^k were appointed as such
committee on its part.
Also, that the Senate had concurred in the
passage of the House joint resolution (No. 210)
authorizing the payment of Rev. C. B. Boyn-
ton, as Chaplain of the House of Representa-
tives of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
enrolled bill sip,ned.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled joint
resolution (H. R. No. 210) authorizing the pay-
ment of Rev. C. B. Boynton, as Chaplain of
the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress; when the Speaker signed the
same.
message from the president.
A message from the President, by William
G. Moore, announced that the President had
approved and signed joint resolution (H. R.
No. 210) authorizing the payment of Rev. C.
B. Boynton as Chaplain of the House of Rep-
resentatives in the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
closj! of business.
Mr. MORRILL, The committee appointed
towaitonthe Presidentand inform him that the
business of the House was concluded, and to
inquire whether be had any further communi-
cation to make, have waited upon him, and he
has informed us that he has no further com-
munication" to make.
The SPEAKER. Gentlemen of the House
of Representatives, I cannot speak the word
that announces our separation until I thank
you, with all the warm emotions of a grateful
heart, for the unanimously adopted resolution
you have placed on your Journal. Unusual as
this is at the close of a first session of Congress,
its value is thereby enhanced ; and I prize it
because I believe it is your sincere indorse^
ment of my endeavors to administer the duties
of this responsible and often trying position
with an earnest impartiality. To maintain the
just rights of a majority, to protect the even
m<5re necessary rights of a minority, and yet
to hold the scales so fairly poised that every
decision shall stand the test of reason and of
parliamentary law, watched as a presiding offi-
cer always must be by scores of critical eyes,
is never less than difficult. And he is fortu-
nate who can impress the body over which he
presides with the conviction that his constant
aim has been to render justice to all.
Meeting here amid the frosts of early winter,
and parting after such a prolonged session
amid the torrid heats of summer, friendships
have been formed which will brighten as year
after year rolls away. Discussing some of the
gravest questions ever submitted to a deliber-
ative body in this land, the attrition of mind with
mind, and the conflict of thought and action
have left but few stings-behind, and despite all
differences of sentiment no Congress within
my experience here has closed its session with
more general good feeling among its mem-
bers. _We go back, as our institutions wisely
prescribe, to submit to our constituents the
issues which have divided us here, and to cheer-
fully abide by their verdict, as a court from
which there is-no rightful appeal. Wishing
you all a safe journey to your homes, and a
happy reunion with family and friends, I do
now, in accordance with the concurrent reso-
lution of both Houses, declare the first session
of the House of Representatives of the Thirty-
Ninth Congress adjourned sine die.
THE END.
