366
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
connected with the military operations of the
country, as it properly was. I did not approve
at the time of the attempt to put it in any shape
upon the Treasury Department; it did not be-
long there. It was connected with our mili-
tary operations and could best be carried on as
a part of them. Those operations having ceased
in the field, we wore not by that means delivered
from what remained to be done in order to carry
out to the full all that it was incumbent upon
us to do in order to accomplish the purpose.
We could not divest ourselves if we would of
the responsibility that was upon us in reference
to that matter, and we would not if we could;
and again I will do the honorable Senators on
the other side the justicc to say that if the re-
sponsibility was on them they would not at-
tempt any such thing for their own good name
and for the good name and credit of their
country.
It becomes necessary, in the judgment of the
bureau that was then constituted, to make some
amendments in the law and to extend its power.
What is the outcry against it ? It is said it is
going to cost a great deal of money, and you
tax the white people in order to meet this ex-
pense. This cry of taxation is all right enough.
1 do not complain of gentlemen for guarding
the public Treasury carefully. I do not com-
plain of my honorable friend from Indiana [Mr.
Hendricks] for looking out well for the public
funds. I wish he and those who act with him
would always be just as careful of the public
lands which arc part of the property of the
country, and as sharp and as keen not to let an
acre or an inch go except for some general pur-
pose. I never heard of his objecting at any time
to very liberal appropriations of the public lands
for the benefit of the States in which they are
situated. When T am talking about ihe prop-
erty of the liepublic, it does not make any very
great difference to me whether it is land or
money. Kach is equally a part of the public
properly. What is in the Treasury, and what
may come into it with proper management, are
in my view equally valuable and equally to be
regarded.
When gentlemen from any State which has
been a confederate Slate undertake to iell me,
" Yoa are taxing the white man for the beneiit
of the negro," 1 will say, "Sir, you did thin
thing; had you not commenced this war and
driven us to this necessity there would have
been no taxation; you are responsible for it,
not we ; you have placed the necessity upon us;
we have not placed it upon ourselves." And
if there is any gentleman who encouraged the
Bouth in their previous action and held out to
them even a sympathetic hand in the course they
were pursuing—if there is any such person, here
or elsewhere, 1 say to him, "You make this
drain upon the Treasury, not we ; you are the
persons who are responsible for it,—the Soulli
and tlicir northern allies, i ft hey had any sucli
and I know Ihey had some—none in this Cham-
ber, but many able men oat of it—w ho did sym-
palhi/.e w it li them and aid them nil they could.
1 say to them, " When you talk about the great
expense of this tiling, (ell them that you were
the authors of it, and that your measures and
your sympathies brought it upon the country,
and that the dominant party in the Congress of
the United Slates are simply trying to do the
best they can with the result of your wicked-
ness."
Now, sir, I will trust the Commissioner who
stands at the head of this bureau for his own
calculations. I will trust him because I know
liis ability and 1 know his integrity. He has
examined tins matter thoroughly and studied it
well, and knows what lie wishes to accomplish
and knows what he ought to accomplish, and
unless 1 see something upon the face of them
that is mini judgment incorrect and wrong.
I am filing to take his calculations as a gen-
eral rule,
I listened with very gioat attention to the
argument o! the Honorable Senator from In-
diana. It was like all his arguments, directly
to the point which he was discussing. He was
attacking the bill. His argument was mainly
confined to the question of expense. But, sir,
is that really an argument? Ought not the
thing to be done? That is the question. Will
you make no appropriations for the benefit of
these people; not only the colored people who
have thus been thrown upon the world, but the
refugees who have been driven by the war from
their States, out of their possessions, and re-
duced to poverty and misery? I do not fear
that if that question was put to the Senator
from Indiana, and ho compelled to answer it,
he would say, "We must do it, and we have the
power to do it." If he would not, I have totally
misjudged him, I will not say in what particu-
lars, but I formed altogether a very different
opinion of him from what I would if he said we
could do nothing. If we can do anything, if
we can appropriate any money for the use of
the War Department to meet a result of the
war which was inevitable, where shall we draw
the line of distinction ? I was struck the other
day by the argument with reference to the pur-
chase of land; it staggered me somewhat, and
I do not feel so perfectly clear upon it now;
but Senators will reflect that when we look
upon measures we are very apt to go back to
previous days, when in a time of peace we
guarded every approach to an expenditure for
which we could not find a specific warrant.
Sir, wo have now been taught that the Gov-
ernment possesses much larger and ampler pow-
ers than we had supposed. It was well at that
day that such was the prevailing notion. It is
well and it will be well if we revert to it as much
as wo possibly can; but if we attempt to hold
that under an unexampled state of facts wo can-
not go beyond the rules that wore laid down for
our action in time of profound peace in refer-
ence to appropriations from the Treasury, wo
shall find ourselves utterly powerless to do what
it is absolutely incumbent on us to do. So, then,
the argument of money does not reach me, nor
does the argument drawn from the constitution-
ality of the act. 1 might go further, and say
that*if everything else failed I might even per-
haps agree with my friend, the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on the Judiciary, that,
under the second provision of the constitutional
amendment, giving power to enforce the pre-
vious provision granting the freedom of the
negro, we might do all that we judged essential
iu order to secure him in that liberty the enjoy-
ment, of which wc have conferred upon liim.
With regard, therefore, to all these details of
objection to the bill—and 1 rose principally to
say this—I see nothing which should trouble
anybody arising from the considerations which
have been advanced to us with reference to the
constitutionality of the bill itself. We 'must
meet it, and we must meet it under some
power. 'There is no positive prohibition. It
is a thing to be done. Wo have the power to
appropriate money; and though'wedo not find
a specific power to appropriate money for this
particular purpose, it is yet an object of Govern-
ment, a thing that the Government and country
musl provide for, and there is no other way of
doing it. if wo may appropriate money for this
purpose, I ask the Senator to tell me what the dis-
tinction is between money and land; for, much
as I he objection originally struck me, I havebeen
obliged to inquire why i f 1 found the power to do
the one I did not find the power to do the other.
We may give away the public lands, but it does
not follow from that power that we cannot pur-
chase land. Wo may take the title and the
power of Government over lands that are pur-
chased for the mere purpose of carrying into
execution certain specified pou ers. That has
been decided. But becausc wc may have spe-
cific permission in the Constitution to do that,
it is a non scquiiui' that we lane 110 power be-
yond it. To be sure, the lawyer's argument
may lie [hat from ihe fact of cenain powers
being specifically granted offers are excluded ;
bat ire cannot argue thus in ihis ca^e when we
come to ajioly it to a stale of fuels that could j
not. be contemplated before they arose. j
I desired to say this much because I myself |
stated a difficulty to the honorable Senator who
is chairman of this committee the other day,
and I have had some conversation with him on
the subject since. I cannot work the problem out,
and nobody else can, to show that in the Con-
stitution itself there is a clear power; but I can
work the problem out to show that the power
may be found when the positive necessity of the
thing is apparent, where the thing must be done,
and must be done bjr the Government as a con-
sequence of other things that it was compelled
to do, and that it had a perfect right to do.
Otherwise, as I have said before, we are a Gov-
ernment without the necessary powers to carry
out and effect our own objects.
I am therefore willing to vote for a bill that
has these provisions in if. I see no difficulty
about them, except that which arises from objec-
tions that have been made by some gentlemen
with reference to carrying this bureau into their
States. That has been discussed and decided,
and I do not propose for the mere purpose of
talking to argue that question further. Every-
thing has been stated on both sides of it, and
the Senate has settled the point.
Now, sir, having said this generally with re-
gard to the bill—and although in some of its
details I might perhaps wish that wo could get
along without doing what might seem to be
offensive in some States, and what might be used
in an offensive sense against us, yet I am ready
to vote for it, because it is the result of the best
thought that a very able committee has brought
to bear upon it, and it has been somewhat
amended—I shall dismiss any further remarks
upon the bill itself, because really to speak of
that was but one of my objects in rising. I do
not intend to avail myself of this occasion upon
a bill of this description to say anything upon
the subject of reconstruction. My position on
the committee which has Ihe condition of the
late so-called confederate States in charge is
such that I could not with propriety express
any opinions upon what ought to be done. That
will be known by the result of our deliberations,
whatever that result may be. I have noticed,
however, that gentlemen, perhaps on both sides
of the House, were a little anxious to express
their opinion beforehand and in advance of the
report of the committee upon that subject; to
discuss the question before they had the benefit,
if it is to bo a benefit, of the facts that we may
be able to state and the conclusions to which
wo may finally come. That is a matter for every
gentleman to judge of for himself, and it is not
for me to complain of the result at which he
may arrive in his own mind as governing his
own action; but there is one thing upon which
1 do wish to say a word or two.
Senators, and able Senators, on both sides of
the House have chosen, in the course of the
debate, to talk a great deal about the policy of
the President and the policy of Congress. I
said a word or two before on that subject at the
commencement of the session, when the matter
was first broached here. I Wish now to say a
word or two more. I can understand why gen-
tlemen on the other side of the House, and gen-
tlemen of the same way of thinking out of this
House, should be very anxious to get up the
idea that there is a collision'of opinion between
the President and Congress. We have all sorts
of rumors where "the wish is father to the
thought." One day we hear that such a Cabinet
minister is to bo turned out or resign ; another
day wc hear that something else is being done,
thatthePresidenthas said this, that the President
means to ostracize people who do not support
his policy, &c.—all idle, ridiculous rumors,with-
out the slightest foundation except the wish of
those who invent them and give them currency.
I understand the object. It will bo a point for
gentlemen on the other side of the Senate, and
their friends outside, if they can make the peo-
ple believe that there is or is likely to be some
collision between the great party which elected
the President and the President hi m&elf. _ 1 tieg
gentlemen^ not to tlatier themselves with any
such idea." I have not. as yet, seen the slight-
est indication of it, and I do not expect to see
