3350
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
informed me (hat he and some other gentlemen
of the committee of fifteen had prepared a mi-
nority1 report, but that it was not in a condition
to be presented to the Senate at the time he
left, and he requested me, as soon as its prep-
aration was completed, to present it to the
Senate for him; and for him i present to the
Senate the minority report, and ask that it be
printed, and ask for the printing of extra copies
to correspond with the number of extra copies
that were ordered of the majority report.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Indiana offers as the views of the
minority the following paper, and asks that it
be printed, and that an extra number of the
report may also be printed. The question of
printing the ordinary number is properly a mat-
ter for motion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose it is a ques-
tion whether a minority report can be made.
It never has been made in this body. We have
had several diseussions in regard to that subj ect.
This is an unusual proceeding in two respects:
one is, its being a minority report; and the
other, being presented in behalf of a commit-
tee of which the Senator who presents it is
not a member. There have been one or two
occasions on which the subject was discussed.
I recollect that when the Kansas troubles were
up, and a voluminous report was made by my
colleague now deceased (Mr. Douglas) in ref-
erence to the matter, the Senator from Ver-
mont, (Mr. Collamer,) who was also a member
of the committee, desired to present his views
in reference to it. The matter was discussed.
The right to present a minority report was
denied by Senators; and it was presented in
the shape of the "views of the minority of the
committee"—not called a "minority report."
By looking into the proceedings, I think it
will be .found that he asked leave to present
the views of the members of the committee
agreeing with him — not calling it a minor-
ity report—and it was received in that shape.
This would adopt a practice, as it is presented
here, of minority reports presented in this
body some two or three days, and I do not
lcnow but a week or two weeks after the major-
ity have made their report—a practice which
I, for one, would not be willing to sanction.
I think if the minority of a committee desire
to present their views they should be required
to present them when the majority present
theirs. It was never intended that a minority
of a committee should, after the majority report
is submitted, write out a report to review that.
I do not know what is in this minority report;
I have never read it; I believe it has been
. presented in the House; but I have not read
it and do not know what is in it; but certainly
to allow a minority of a committee, at a dis-
tance of time, days and weeks after the ma-
jority have submitted their report, to come in
then with a minority report, is a proceeding, I
am sure, that is without precedent in the Sen-
ate. I shall object, myself, to the reception
of a minority report from that committee at
this day.
. Mr. HENDRICKS. On the question first
suggested by the Senator from Illinois, of course
I have no argument to present. I have handed
this to the Chair at the request of the distin-
guished Senator from Maryland, who is neces-
sarily absent, and I have communicated to the
Senate about what he communicated to me.
If it is not proper for one Senator to present a
• document tor another, of course I shall not
undertake to do it. I presume the Senator
from Maryland did not think of that point, but
: .1 cannot see any objection to that. If I were
• necessarily absent and should ask another Sen-
ator to present a report, I should not-expect
• that it would be objected to on that account.
Mr. TRUMBULL. In regard to the sug-
gestion! as to objecting to the Senator's pre-
senting it for an absent Senator, I stated that
1 liad never known such a proceeding. I do
not object to the reception of the report upon
that point; I stated it to be unusual so far as
I knew; but I object to a minority report from
atiy 6nS, ftftm thfe Sefnat'o'i' from Maryland if he
were here, and particularly after this lapse of
time.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I was going on to s.ay
that I had not read this report and of course
do not present it as my own. I stated that it
was the report of the gentlemen connected
with that committee who dissented from the
views of the majority. I have no doubt that
the argument presented in that document will
meet the approval of my judgment, because it
is written by a very able Senator, with whose
views on this subject I generally concur.
Now, upon the other question, if it be a rule
of this body that a minority cannot present a
report, I presume the Senator will not object
to its being presented, as he says has been the
practice heretofore, as "the views" of the
minority of the committee who do not agree
with the majority. I presume in that form he
will not object, and if it has been the custom
of the Senate to present it in that form I will
so modify it. I do not want to depart from
any usage of the Senate on a question of that
kind. The Senator from Maryland stated to
me that he did not know the majority were
going to report at the time they did, and that
he had not been able to complete his at that
time. I think he wrote at least a portion of
this report; how much of it he did not inform
me, but he said he had not been able to com-
plete it then. I presume his engagements
were such that he could not do it. I should
think it very singular because a member of
the committee was unable, by reason of his
engagements, to complete a report, that he
should be denied a hearing belore the body
and the country of his views.
This is an important question, Mr. President.
It is no ordinary question going to the country
at this time. The majority of the committee
have regarded it as an important question.
They have thought it proper to present their
views elaborately, not with the view of impress-
ing the Senate with regard to the action it was
about taking at the time, because that report
was made to this body about the same hour at
which we were called upon to vote on the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution; but I
understand from the time it was presented, and
the elaborate character of the report, that it
was intended as a document to impress the
judgment of the country quite as much as of
the Senate.
Now, sir, if it bo intended that the country
shall have the whole views of the committee
upon the subject, and that there shall be a full
discussion of the questions by the gentlemen
of the Senate who have been connected with
the investigation, there can be no objection to
allowing this document to go upon the files of
the Senate and to the country as the views of
the minority. But if it be intended that there
shall be the views of but one side of this ques-
tion, and that the minority shall not be heard,
then it is proper to object. Why object? A.
Senator of this body is a member of that com-
mittee, for whom all of us and the country
have a great respect—calm in his presentation
of any views, courteous to the body, always
dignified and logical, never introducing into
his discussion of matters a partisan style, but
always dignified and statesmanlike in the pre-
sentation of his views. Why then shall it be
denied ? if it is to be denied by the Senate
upon the present occasion, I shall desire to
withdraw the document rather than have it
denied, and let him present it himself when he
comes back.
But I think the Senator from Illinois, upon
reflection, will not persist in his refusal to al-
low this to be presented as the views of the
gentlemen who have signed it. It will then go
to the country with the report already made.
If it be not equal in the statement of facts and
the force of its logic with the report of the
majority, no hurt is done; but if it be a calm,
fair, and able answer to the report of the ma-
jority, it ought not to be objected to. When
the fact is communicated to the Senate that it
was not presented at the time that the other
r'epbr't was presented, because the Senator
could not prepare it then, I think that the
question of time ought not to be presented.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I cannot say how fair
nor how able this report is. I have not read it,
and of course I cannot reply to any suggestion
of that kind; nor do I desire to do so; nor
does the ability of the report enter at all into
the objection which I have made; nor have I
any desire to keep from the country the views
of the distinguished Senator who has prepared
it; nothing of the sort. But, sir, we do busi-
ness here according to established rules and
according to usages and parliamentary law.
I have nev.er known a report of a minority
brought in after this lapse of time, which
might be a review of the majority report. I
do not know what is in it; and therefore, for
the purpose of the objection I have made, I
am glad that I do not know, as I cannot be
accused of objecting to it because of its in-
trinsic merits or demerits. But the Senator
from Indiana will see that there must be some
time when the views of a minority are to be
received. I recollect very well what occurred
when the Kansas report was brought in. I
recollect with what haste the distinguished
Senator from Vermont (Mr. Collamer) pre-
pared his views upon that occasion, how he
labored through the night to have them ready_
to present when the majority report was"
brought in. When the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Territories went to your desk and
read himself his lengthy report, it was imme-
diately followed by the Senator from Vermont,
who read his views on the same day, at the
same time.
Now, sir, I object to the reception of this for
the reason which I have stated. In the first
place, minority reports at that time were con-
sidered in this body as not according to the
rules of the body. I do not know that a dis-
cussion has arisen since that time. I should
like to look into that discussion. I do not
know that any vote was taken on the occasion.
At any rate, I do not think that such reports
have ever been received after this length of
time.
I will make my objection to the reception
of this minority report that is now offered. I
do not care to have any vote upon it, but I
would desire that it should lie over, and we
will look at the practice of the Senate to-mor-
row, or some other day, and see what may be
the practice. I certainly do not wish to intro-
duce any new practice, and I have no desire
to keep from the country any views that the
distinguished Senator wishes to present. It is
not with that view that I make the objection.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is quite as satisfac-
tory to me to let the question pass over for
the present. I do not want to introduce any
new practice into the Senate, and I do not want
anything that is unreasonable to be adopted in
regard to an absent Senator ; therefore I accept
the proposition.
Mr. STEWART. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Friday, June 22,1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntojt.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
california and oregon railroad.
Mr. McRUER. I ask unanimous consent
to introduce a bill granting lands to aid in the
construction of a railroad and telegraph line
from the Central Pacific railroad, in California,
to Portland, in Oregon.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is this the
same bill which was before the House the other
day and was referred back to the Committee
on the Pacific Railroad? If so, I object to its
introduction. The House refused to have it
referred to the Committee on Public Lands the
other day.
