2390
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 4,
its conception, contemplating the simultaneous
movement and the joint action of four armies
—the armv of the Potomac, the army of the
Cumberland, the army of Western Virginia,
and the army of the James—each with a dif-
ferent objective point, but all contributing to
the great purpose of the campaign, the destruc-
tion of the chief army of the rebellion.
If the plan partially failed, and what was
designed to have been finished in the field wa,s
at length completed by a protracted siege, it
was not due to any want of genius or merit in
the plan or of skill and vigor in executing that
part of it under the immediate supervision of
the commanding general. No man can con-
template, without admiration and wonder, that
hand-to-hand fight in the blind thickets of
the bloody Wilderness, that persistent and
inflexible advance against overwhelming nat-
ural obstacles, against a determined enemy
intrenched in front, acquainted with every path
and with every point of attack and resist-
ance, in possession, too, of interior lines over
which he could rapidly hurry his troops, and
throw them impetuously in any direction. No
one can contemplate without astonishment
and sympathy the burden of labor, anxiety,
and solicitude which he cheerfully bore during
the immense labors of that protracted siege,
and at its final success our thanks to Grant
unconsciously mingled with our thanks to God.
For this frowning work alone, so impor-
tant in its immediate results, and charged with
ultimate consequences so momentous to lib-
erty, civilization, and the human race, let grati-
tude unbounded. unmeasured, infinite, be freely
tendered, and let substantial honor and reward
be bestowed in some slight degree commensu-
rate v, ith the obligations of an emancipated and
rescued nation.
I think i may safely invoke the favor of the
Representatives of the people to the humble
testimonial proffered by this bill. Let us not
in this day of our deliverance paralyze future
heroism and reaffirm before the civilized world
the ingratitude of republics by refusing this
small tribute to the foremost soldier of this
generation : to him who. entering the war as
captain, won 111 its battles every successive
grade, and emerged from it with a rank unsur-
passed in our service: to him who at Fort D011-
elson first lightened the despondency of a
trembling nation ; to him who at Shiloh first
demoralized the spirit of the haughtiest of foes;
to him who at Vicksburg first released the loyal
Father of Waters from forced complicity with
treason; to him who at Chattanooga first opened
the gates of Georgia that Sherman might sweep
from Atlanta to the sea and from the Savannah
to the Cape Fear; to him who received the
swords of Buckner, Pemberton, and Lee, and
the capitulation of three great armies of the
rebellion ; to him who successfully conducted
two of the most memorable sieges in history;
to hira, finally, who dissolved the confederacy
at Kichmond. and struck every rebel rag from
the Rappahannock to the Rio Grande.
Time, it is said, devours the proudest human
memorial. The impress we have made as a
nation maybe obliterated; our grandest achieve-
ments, even those which we now fondly deem
eternal, those which embellish the walls of that
historic Rotunda, may all drop from the memory
of man; our civilization, liberty, arts, agricul-
ture, though sculptured in the pediments of
this Capitol, may all be ingulfed in Lethe's
dark waters; this massive structure, with its
solid foundations, expanded wings, towering
columns, and bubbling dome may all be buried
with our Constitution, Government, laws, and
polity, in a common grave, yet we shall not
all perish. You may rest assured that three
American names will survive oblivion, and
soar together immortal: the name of him who
founded, the name of him who disenthralled,
with the name of him who saved the Republic.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I obey a
perilous but resistless impulse when I attempt
to add a single word to the eulogy upon Gen-
eral Grant to which we have just listened with
so much delight. I do not rise to rehearse the
story so well told; I do not rise to enforce by
any additional argument the passage of the bill
whose success has been already so thoroughly
secured. That success was certain when the
crowning reason for the presentation of the bill
was stated by the gentleman who has just taken
his seat. I seek to do nothing more than to
express my own sense of the transcendent ser-
vices for which this House thus seeks to reward
that distinguished general, and add a word,
if possibly I may, with the indulgence of the
House to the estimate of those services.
Such honors as this bill proposes to create,
or if not to create, to revive anew for a higher
and still greater occasion than that on which
they were created, become the man on whose
head they are to cluster. And whether you
consider his private worth, his patriotism, his
distinguished services in the field, or the atti-
tude in which he stands to this great nation
to-day, and will stand through all time to come,
those honors cannot be greater than his desert.
He has carried this nation through the great
rebellion which menaced its existence. He has
reestablished the integrity of the Union and
the supremacy of the Constitution, which were
threatened and endangered by this rebellion.
He has established through all time to come
the right of the people to govern themselves,
the destruction of which right was involved in
the overthrow of the only Government in which
it is now embodied.
But, sir, even more than this, I10 has ren-
dered the highest service any man can render
his country; he has led the nation through
these transcendent trials by which alone any
nation ever reaches the first rank among the
military Powers of the earth; for until a new
nation passes successfully through the great
crisis of a civil war she cannot claim a place
among the foremost nations of the world. His-
tory shows that without such a trial no such
conquest has ever been achieved. No nation
has ever yet won for herself that foremost rank
to which all ambitious Powers aspire, except
through the discipline of civil strife and blood-
shed.
When we plunged into this great contest
it was without experience, without knowledge
of the means and resources that we could
command to carry it through, without knowl-
edge of our own temper and courage to face
the crisis, without compactness, or solidity, or
any of the elements of strength so essential to
success. General Grant, it is not too much to
say, has shown us that we possessed them all.
He has organized, disciplined, and welded
them all, and carried the nation successfully
through its great struggle. That, sir, is a service
for which he will be remembered, not in this
land alone, but in all lands where military
prowess stands foremost, as it does in every
civilized nation of the world.
For that we cannot give him too much of
recognition or of honor. Nor will this nation
ever forget that it owes to him, in all human
probability, the perpetuity of the great system
of government which this nation was ordained
to establish among the nations of the earth
and make perpetual and paramount over them
all. And no words will sound his fitting eulogy;
no words less gifted than those used by the
distinguished gentleman from Connecticut [Mr.
Demixg] can properly and sufficiently describe
the long career of his services, the long cata-
logue of victories he has won, and the honors
he has heaped upon his native land.
I rejoice, sir, that this bill has been brought
forward to do him honor. Would it were in
our power to magnify, to increase, to augment
to any extent the honors we would heap upon
his name; for it is only by such recognitions
from those they serve that the great men of
any age ever meet their fitting reward.
I have listened, as I am sure we all have,
with delight to the graphic recital by my hon-
orable friend from Connecticut [Mr. Deming]
of the rewards heaped by foreign nations upon
those who served them. What honors crowned
the career of Marlborough! What rewards in
palaces, and dotations, and in everything else
that a man or his family could prize, awaited
the victorious Wellington when he returned
from the Continent! What, in the face of such
honors as these, can we present to those who
have rescued this great nation of freemen from
the peril with which their Government was
threatened?
It is not, as has properly been said, the
genius of our institutions to heap upon men
undue material rewards, even for such dis-
tinguished services as these; but, certainly,
this nation does not lack a grateful heart, even
if its gratitude does not take the same form
with that of other nations. We will give to
General Grant, cheerfully, and with the heart-
iest acclamations of the nation he has served,
everything that it is in our power to give. lie
shall walk from one end of the land to the
other, so long as he shall walk the earth at all,
honored and endeared to all as the savior of
the nation, as the man who rescued from dan-
ger and destruction the priceless principle of
self-government.
Ay, sir, unless gratitude shall fail, in coming
generations nothing shall remind us of his name
that does not remind us of his services; and
when he shall die, and mingle his dust with the
dust of our common earth, he shall descend to
an honored grave covered with benedictions,
covered with the glorious recollections ofthe ser-
vices he has rendered, covered with everything
that a grateful people can accumulate around
his memory so as to perpetuate it to successive
generations. This is his reward, if there can
be any reward of national gratitude. This
would suit, certainly, the quiet, the self-depre-
ciating modesty of his noble and heroic char-
acter. And nothing more than this will be
needed to satisfy him with what he has done,
for he never sought anything but the conscious-
ness that he was doing his duty, with all his
energy and all his power.
Let this bill, then, sir, pass, as I am sure it
will pass, by the unanimous and hearty vote of
the House. And if there bo any thing else worthy
of the nation's gratitude and of his acceptance
let it be freely offered as the fitting testimonial
of the service he has rendered the country and
the honor he has heaped on the American
name through all time to come.
Mr. STEVENS. _Mr. Speaker, as I offered
an amendment to this bill, I must say a word
upon it. It would be in very bad taste, sir,
for me to attempt to light my taper in the midst
of these blazing luminaries which surround us.
I shall not try it. My amendment proposes
to reduce the expense of this movement by
preventing, in case General Grant, shall be pro-
moted, the appointment of a lieutenant gen-
eral until the death of General Scott, and then
that but one shall be appointed.
Now, Mr. Speaker, if thatamendment shall be
adopted—and possibly without it I shall support
this bill as a cheap and honorable method of
expressing the nation's gratitude to one of her
most illustrious defenders—the expense will
be but slightly increased. I do not know that
I much regard expense when we are seeking to
honor and re ward the Army of the Uni ted States.
I hope economical gentlemen will not be
alarmed, but I believe that we ought largely to
increase the pensions of our soldiers and their
widows, and to increase their pay ; and at the
proper time it will give me pleasure to vote for
such increase. But as has been well stated,
how trifling is this present expense as compared
with what has been bestowed by other nations
upon their great commanders. I shall not
attempt to recite what has been so eloquently
and classically stated by the gentleman from
Connecticut, [Mr. Demixg.]
We all know that upon her victorious con-
suls Rome bestowed the spoils of provinces.
England has given her one, two, and three mil-
lion pounds sterling to her successful com-
manders—to Marlborough, to Nelson, to Wel-
lington ; and yet not one of them ever achieved
results half as important to the nation or to the
world as have been achieved by our great com-
mander, through his calm, firm, determined,
and able conduct.
