1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3351
Mr. KASSON. I hope my friend will with-
draw the objection. I was one that opposed
the bill; but the parties interested propose
important changes, making the bill less objec-
tionable. I hope, therefore, it will be allowed
to go to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I cannot
withdraw the objection.
JAMES M. CASSETY.
On motion of Mr. WARD, the papers in the
case of James M. Casscty were taken from the
files and rereferredto the Committee of Claims.
WAGON KOAP.
Mr. DEFREES, by unanimous consent., from
the Committee on Roads and Canals, reported
adversely on House bill No. 107, to provide for
the improvement of the wagon road from Nio-
brara to Virginia City; which was laid on the
table..
ltOCK TSLAND BRIDGE AND IvAILROAD.
Mr. SCIiENCK. T ask unanimous consent
to report back from the Committee on Military
Affairs Senate bill No. 330, making further pro-
vision for the establishment of an armory and
arsenal of construction, deposit, and repair on
Rock Island, in the State ol' Illinois, with a sub-
stitute.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this bill? The Chair hears
none.
Mr. SCHENCK. The original bill author-
izes the Secretary of War to negotiate with the
Rock Island Railroad Company, but there are
other companies who have the right of transit
across the bridge, and the only change made
is to modify the bill so that the power to ne-
gotiate on the part of the Secretary of War
shall extend to and include all these compa-
nies, and to settle all claims of every kind.
The substitute was read. It authorises the
Secretary of War to change and fix the position
of the rai Iroad across Rock Island and the bridge
across the Mississippi river at and on the island
so as best to accord with the purposes of the
Government in its occupancy of said island for
military purposes; and in order to effect this
he is authorized to grant to the railroad com-
pany a permanent location and right of way on
and across Rock Island, to be fixed and desig-
nated by him, with such quantity of land to be
occupied and held for railroad purposes as may
be necessary. It further provides for a grant
to the parties in interest such aid, pecuniary
and otherwise, toward effecting the change in
their road and bridge, and establishing thereon
a wagon road for the use of the Government
of the United States, as may be adjudged to be
fair and equitable by the board of commission-
ers authorized under the act of April 10, ]8(>4,
and entitled " An act in addition to an act for
the establishment of certain arsenals." It ex-
tends the act of 1804 so as to include the small
islands contiguous to Rock Island, and known
as Benham's, Wilson's, and Winnebago Islands;
and makes the following appropriations:
To liquidate claims for property in Benham's,"Wil-
son';*, and Winnebago Islands, and for property in
Rock Island which lias been taken in pursuance of
law, for military purposes, $293,600, or so much thereof,
and no more, as may be necessary to pay the respect-
ive claimants such amounts as may be reported by
the board of commissioners authorized by the act of
April 19, 1804, and ordered by the United States cir-
cuit court to be paid to each.
To secure water-power at the head of Rock Island,
$100,000.
To erect storehouses for the preservation of arms
and other munitions of war, and to establish com-
munication between Rock Island arsenal and the
cities of Davenport, Iowa, and Rock Island, Illinois,
$100,000.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know whether
I perfectly understand this bill. It looks to
me like an appropriation bill. I do not know
whether there is an appropriation or not.
The SPEAKER. There is an appropriation
in the bill, but the House has granted permis-
sion to the gentleman to report the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I had not heard the bill
read.
The SPEAKER. Consent was granted for
the reporting of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee of the Whole on the
state of the Union. There arc two or three
hundred thousand dollars in this bill.
Mr. DAWES. I desire to know whether the
granting of unanimous consent waives the point
as to the bill containing an appropriation.
How can anybody know what is in a bill before
it is read?
The SPEAKER. When the House grants
unanimous consent for the reporting of a bill,
that suspends all rules.
Mr. DAWES. Without the House knowing
what the bill is ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman had a right
to object to the reception of the bill.
Mr. SCIIENCK. There is not the slightest
intention to entrap the House. If, after hear-
ing an explanation of this bill, the gentleman
insists on referring the bill, it may virtually bo
the killing of the bill. Sir, it is a matter of great
public concern that this bill should pass, in the
opinion of the committee that, reported it. It
involves the carrying out of the intention of
the Government in relation to the establishment
of an arsenal at Rock Island. Gentlemen are
aware that an arsenal of very great present and
prospective importance has been established at
Rock Island, and that for the purpose of better
conducting the business of the Government at
that arsenal, and sustaining it as an institution
ofthenational Government, measures have been
taken for securing a title to the adjoining small
islands.
This bill passed the Senate without any ob-
jection, after a full and thorough examination
there. It did not pass the Senate in the shape
in which we report it, but the committee of the
Senate have agreed to the modification made
in this substitute, and it satisfies all parties in
interest. The House committee had before
them the chief of Ordnance to make a full
explanation, with maps, of this whole matter,
and, in fact, all the parties in interest have
come unanimously to the conclusion that the
bill ought to pass the House in the form in
which it was intended to bo modified by the
Senate. With this explanation I submit if it
is not right to pass the bill at once without
referring it to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. I think the principle of
taking up in the House a bill containing an ap-
propriation of two or three hundred thousand
dollars is one that never ought to be allowed.
The object of committing bills is to have theru
printed so that members may examine them.
1 hope the bill will take the ordinary course.
If the gentleman wishes to make it a special
order I have no objection, but I move now
that the bill be referred to the Committee of
the Whole on the state of the Union, and be
printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I desire to
propose an amendment to this bill, to which
I presume the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schiwck] will not object; and if the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] will yield
to me for one moment, I will state the amend-
ment I propose.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear the amendment
of the gentleman, but I shall insist upon my
motion to refer this bill to the Committee of
the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Among
other things this bill provides for changing the
location of the Rock Island bridge; and to that
extent it will certainly meet with the favor of
every person in the West who knows what has
been the obstruction which that bridge has
caused to the navigation of the Mississippi
river. I presume millions of dollars would not
cover the damage. I propose, and I presume
the gentleman from Ohio will have no objec-
tion to it—if he has I shall oppose the bill tee-
totally—to move the following amendment to
come in at the proper place, "and the said
bridge shall be so constructed as in nowise to
interfere with the navigation of the Mississippi
river.''
Mr. MOULTON. Make it read, "not rea-
sonably interfere.''
Mr. COOK. I would suggest that it read,
''not materially interfere."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will
have to be a material obstruction to the navi-
gation to come within the scope of the amend-
ment. Certainly the friends of this bill should
uot object to this amendment. The present
bridge at Rock Island, as my colleague from
the Ottawa district [Mr. Cook] knows very
well, is a groat obstruction of the navigation
of the river.
Mr. STEVENS. I think this bill should he
referred to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The House
Qan just as well consider it here as in Commit-
tee of the Whole. Wo have it before us now,
and may as well act upon it at this time as at
any other time.
_ Mr. STEVENS. If I had known what the
bill contained, I should have raised the point
of order. But I did not know that, and there-
fore did not raise the point in time.
Mr. SCIIENCK. If I am not mistaken,
and I think I am not, the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] has himself had
many a bill passed without its being referred
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. STEVENS. Not when any gentleman
made the point of order that it should go to
the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. SCIIENCK. Of course, if any member
made the point of order in time, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania could not help himself.
As I said before there is no disposition on tho
part of the Committee on Military Affairs to
entrap this House in regard to this matter,
none whatever. And it is only beeanse, as the
gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Warhi!i;i!\-e] has
well said, the bill, simple as it is, can be con-
sidered here and now, that I oppose its refer-
ence to the Committee of the Whole. It is a
bill which upon grounds of public utility and
advantage alone the Committee on Military
Affairs have unanimously agreed to recom-
mend to the House and ask that the House
pass it at once, as the Senate have promptly
passed it.
In regard to the amendment suggested by the
gentleman from Illinois, [Mr. Wasiihubne,] it
seems to me that there is a reasonable propo-
sition contained in that amendment. Perhaps
it ought to read, " not interfere with the ordi-
nary navigation of the river," or something of
that kind ; for as the gentleman proposed his
amendment it would cover extraordinary and
unusual contingencies.
Mr. STEVENS. I think we should now
take a vote upon my motion to refer this bill
to the Committee of the Whole.
Mr. COOK. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] yield to mo for a
moment?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. COOK. I want to make a suggestion to
my colleague [Mr. Wasiibuiine] and to the
gentleman from Ohio, the chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, [Mr. Schexck.]
The bill as at present framed provides that this
bridge shall be erected under the direction of
the Secretary of War. It is not likely that a
bridge erectcd under his direction will prove
an obstruction to the navigation.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman tell
the House how much this will cost the Gov-
ernment ?
Mr. COOK. I do not know.
Mr. STEVENS. Some half a million dol-
lars, I have no doubt.
Mr. SCHENCK. I will state to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] that
the amount here appropriated is to carry out
a law already enacted. Measures have been
taken to obtain the title to the Davenport prop-
erty on Rock Island, and this appropriation is
to carry out what has been recommended by a
commission appointed under a former law.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to see all this. I
want to see the bill. I call the previous ques-
tion on the motion to refer this bill to the
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Will the
