3352
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
. gentleman yield to me for a moment? I want
to have some understanding in regard to the
amendment I have suggested.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 cannot yield.
Mr. WASHBURNE,oflliinois. I hope,then,
the previous question will be seconded, and
that then the motion to refer to the Committee
of the Whole will be voted down.
The question was taken upon seconding the
previous question; and there were, upon a divis-
ion—ayes 22, noes 21; no quorum voting.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Before
tellers are appointed, I ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania to yield to me for a moment, in
order that we may have some fair understand-
ing in regard to this amendment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will hear what the gen-
tleman has to say.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment which I proposed provided that this bridge,
which is to be built, not by the Government, but
by the railroad company, should be so con-
structed as in nowise to interfere with the navi-
- gation of the Mississippi river. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] proposes to change
the language of my amendment so as to provide
that the construction of the bridge shall not
interfere with the ordinary navigation of the
river.
Mr. ALLEY. If the gentleman will allow
me, I would suggest that the amendment be
put in this form : that there shall be no mate-
rial obstruction of the navigation of the river.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That
would leave it an open question, what would
be a material obstruction and what would not.
I am not inclined, on the whole, to object to
the modification proposed by the gentleman
from Ohio, that the construction of the bridge
shall not interfere with the ordinary naviga-
tion of the river. I am content to modify my
amendment as suggested by the gentleman
from Ohio.
Mr. ALLEY. I think that is not the sug-
gestion as now mad-; by the gentleman from
Ohio. The suggestion which 1 make meets, I
believe, the approbation of the gentleman from
Ohio, as I know it does of the gentlemen who
are acting in accord with him in this matter.
The usual and the legal form of language is
that there shall be no material obstruction to
the navigation of the river.
Mr. SCHENCK. 1 am not tenacious in
regard to the particular form of the amend-
ment which may be adopted to meet the diffi-
culty which has been raised. The report of
the committee does not embrace this point.
The gentleman from Illinois proposed, in the
first place, to amend by providing that the
construction of the bridge should in nowise
interfere with the navigation of the river. A,
strict compliance with that requirement would
be impossible. The bridge must necessarily
interfere, to some extent, with the navigation.
I have therefore suggested—and the gentleman
has accepted the suggestion—that the amend-
ment be modified so as to provide that the
bridge shall not interfere with "the ordinary
navigation'' of the river. It appears, however,
that this is not quite satisfactory to a number
of gentlemen well acquainted with the facts of
the case. I am willing, if the gentleman from
Illinois will consent, that the amendment shall
be modified so as to provide that the bridge
shall not materially or unnecessarily interfere
with navigation. The bridge must, in the very
nature of things, cause an interference, to some
extent, with the navigation ; but that interfer-
ence may be very slight, and the inconvenience
from this source may be completely overbal-
anced by the additional facility which the bridge
will afford for railroad communication.
I desire it to be understood that this matter
is tio part of the report of the committee; but
the limitation suggested should, I think, in some
shape be added to the bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As to
the general objects of this bill, 1 desire to say
a word; and I will repeat that I do not see
why the bill should not be considered in the
House at the present time, while there is no
other business pressing. There are some con-
siderations in favor of the passage of this bill,
although it contains a large appropriation, and
I would therefore bo inclined on general prin-
ciples to oppose it. It is well known that the
Government has made Rock Island a deposit-
ory for war materials for the whole western
country. One of the purposes of this appro-
priation is to erect buildings to protect all this
vast amount of property, now exposed to dam-
age by the weather.
Mr. GRINNELL. Will the gentleman yield
to me ?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I yield to
the gentleman.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, this is a
matter in which I have a direct interest, as I
live upon the line of this road; and I desire to
say that the people I represent have no objec-
tion whatever to this bill, if it be so amended
as to provide that the bridge shall not interfere
materially or unnecessarily with the navigation
of the river. It must be understood that a bridge
cannot be built across the Mississippi river with*
out obstructing the navigation to some extent.
If we should provide, as first proposed by the
gentleman from Illinois, that this bridge shall
"in nowise" interfere with the navigation
of the river, it would interpose an insuper-
able barrier to the construction of the bridge.
I hope that my friend from Illinois will accept
the suggestion of the gentleman from Massa-
chusetts, [Mr. Alley,] the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
For one, I will be unwilling to vote for less
than that, as unjust to this company as well as
unjust to all companies anticipating the build-
ing of bridges. It is unjust to the railroad
interest.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. ] But not
unjust to the millions of agriculturists whose
products have been destroyed by these bridges.
Mr. ALLEY. I will now propose my amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. I will withdraw the motion
to refer, so as to allow the amendment to eome
in, after which I will renew it.
Mr. ALLEY. I will remark that the amend-
ment meets with the approbation of all parties
in interest. I presume it will meet with the
objection of the gentleman from Illinois. I
can see no objection to it. It has the approval
of the chairman of the committee.
The Clerk read as follows:
To bo so constructed as not materially to interfere
with or obstruct the navigation of the Mississippi
river.
Mr. STEVENS. I renew the motion to
refer the bill and amendment to the Commit-
tee of the Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. BANKS. I suggest to my colleague to
insert the word "impair."
Mr. ALLEY. I agree to that modification.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
the amendment, and hope the motion to refer
will be voted down.
Mr. STEVENS. I am willing this shall be
made a special order in the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
The SPEAKER. A general appropriation
bill can be made a special order by a majority
vote, but this will require unanimous consent.
Mr. FINCK. I object.
Air. STEVENS. I demand the previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The previous question,
if seconded, will not exhaust itself until the
third reading of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I.withdraw it. I presume
there will be no further discussion.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
32, noes 63.
So the House refused to refer the bill and
amendment to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union.
Mr. ALLEY demanded the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was adopted.
Ths bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it wa3
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. MCULTON demanded the previous
question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. NICHOLSON he was
granted leave of absence till Tuesday next.
business to-morrow.
Mr. DARLING gave notice that to-morrow
after the morning hour he would announce the
death of'his late colleague, James Humphrey.
The SPEAKER stated by previous order of
the House the morning hour to-morrow would
be devoted to public business.
private rills.
Mr. KASSON demanded the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated that the regular order
of business was the call of the committees for
reports of a private nature, commencing with
the Committee on Invalid Pensions.
harriet w. pond.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was discharged
from the further consideration of the petition
of Mrs. Harriet \V. Pond; and the same was
referred to the Committee of Claims.
leonard casey.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petition of
Leonard Casey, the case being provided for
under the general law; and the same was laid
upon the table.
lavikia lenfest and andrew c.singeil.
On motion of Mr. BENJAMIN, the Com-
mittee on Invalid Pensions was discharged from
the further consideration of the petitions of Mrs.
Lavinia Lenfest and Andrew C. Singer ; and
the same were laid upon the table.
mrs.mercie c. scattergood.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported a bill granting in-
crease of pension to Mrs. Mereie C. Scattergood;
which was read a first and second time. It
increases the pension to fifteen dollars per
month.
The hill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to rcconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
harriet b.crocker.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, reported back Senate bill
No. 326, granting a pension to Mrs. Harriet
B. Crocker, with a recommendation that it do
pass.
The bill was read. It grants a pension to
Mrs. Crocker, mother of Henry B. Crocker, of
the fifteenth regiment Ohio volunteer infantry,
of eight dollars per month, commencing on the
4th of October, 1862.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. BENJAMIN moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
james l. perham.
Mr. BENJAMIN, from the same committee,
reported a bill for the relief of James L. Per-
ham; which was read a first and second time
