1866.
THE CONGBISSIQJUL GLOBE.
'669
for them as a political community standing
alone, would he dare to pass for them a law or
constitution so vague and uncertain in its terms
as this bill proposes?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is not a supposable
case.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Nota supposable case!
I know that the Governor of Ohio, one of the
most eloquent writers of the Republican party,
in the campaign in his letters to his constitu-
ents, said that lie advocated the colonization
to some States of the Union of the colored
people, and their entire separation from the
white people.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have always looked
upon that proposition as an absurdity upon its
face. I will say to the Senator that I could
never imagine how a sensible man could enter-
tain it; but, it seems sensible men do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. My distinguished friend
from Kansas, [-Mr. Lane,] at the last session,
or the session before, introduced a proposition
here in the Senate to separate the races. He
brought a measure before the body to send the
colored people to western Texas. Then, if it
is supported by so distinguished and able a Sen-
ator as the Senator from Kansas, and if it was
the battle-cry of the Republican party in Ohio
at the last election, and the election resulted in
the success of General Cox, how can the Sen-
ator say that it is an absurdity? But I wish
to ask the question again, would the Senate,
for any political community separated to itself,
enact such a constitution as this would be ? In
the first place, they have no selection of the
officers. Men are appointed that they know
nothing of, without any restrictions upon their
power."
The bill thatis before the body is entitled "A
bill to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau." Will any Senator be good enough to
tell the body what are the powers of the I'Vecd-
men's Bureau? I have read the law of last
session; I have read this proposed amendment;
and I am entirely unable to say what are the
powers of the Freedmen's Bureau. I did, to
some extent, understand the powers proposed
to bo given in the bill advocated by the Senator
from Massachusetts at the last session, for it
undertook to define the powers; bnt here is the
definition that is given in the law of last winter;
here is the definition of power and the only
restriction, so far as I know:
" That there is hereby established in the >Var De-
partment, to contmuo during the present war of
rebellion and for one year thereafter, a Bureau of
Refugees, Freodmen, and Abandoned Lands, to which
shall bo committed, as hereinafter provided, the siv
pervision and management of ail abandoned lands,
and the control of all subjects relating to refugees
and treediaen irom rebel States.
The management of the lands and the con-
trol of all subjects relating to refugees and
freedmen are the matters committed to it.
What definition is that of the power of a gov-
ernment within a Government, organized and
endowed with power by general words to take
care of all subjects relating to four million
people? Does that extend to the contracts
these people may make? Does that extend to
their personal rights or privileges? Does that
extend to wrongs committed upon their per-
son and their property? Does that extend
to the power of fixing their status in the com-
munity to which they are bound? What is the
power that is given to this Freedmen's Bureau?
I think I may safely say that no Senator can
define it, and the effect of this sort of legisla-
tion is seen in General Grant's report. lie
says that in many localities this bnrean has
been badly managed, some agents holding one
doctrine and managing its affairs upon one
principle, other agents acting upon other prin-
ciples and upon other powers. _
Now, sir, I submit the question to any Sena-
tor, would you pass such a law as this as a con-
stitution for a separate political community ? If
you would not, if you would say that no Gov-
ernment ought to be recognized anywhere or
for any people with such a vague and uncertain
definition of its powers, is the objection not yet
stronger when it is to regulate the affairs of four
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 24.
million people mingling and living among the
white people, especially as the action of this
bureau is not to affect alone the colored people,
but it is to affect the white people so far as tliey
have intercourse with the colored people ? I
could not vote for any bill at the last session
or at the present session which conferred in such
a general way the power to control the affairs
of a race of people.
One other point is made by the Senator from
Maine. He says that he knows no difference
between the management of the public lands
and the management of the money belonging
to the Government, and he says that he has
never observed that I have been very careful
about the appropriation of public lands for
western enterprises. I am very free to say to
the Senator that my opinions are very liberal
in regard to the use of the public domain in the
western States, for several reasons.
In the first place, the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States in express terms gives to Congress the
full control and disposition of the public lands.
The power is conferred clearly and plainly, and
it is a question of discretion and judgment on
the part of Congress as to the manner of the
disposition of the public lands. Congress owns
immense tracts of lands on the border settle-
ments. To develop its own lands and encour-
age the people in their purchase, it appropriates
a portion of them to public works, to the con-
struction of military roads and railroads. This
I say Congress may welldo in the exercise of its
discretion, because it is a wise use of the public
lands. An individual would ~so usfe his own
lands. If the Senator from Maine were the owner
of a large tract of land in the State of Minne-
sota, and it was proposed to construct a rail-
road in the neighborhood of the land, I know
that, as a prudent manager of his own affairs,
he would subscribe a portion of that land to the
construction of that important work, sotbattlie
remaining lands would bo worth more to him.
That is the policy of the Government, and the
Government has never sustained a loss by it.
The State of Indiana received some ot'the public
lands as a gift or donation, but out of the people
of the State of Indiana, the Government of the
United States, in the sales of the public lands,
deducting the grants to the State, made a clear
profit of nearly fifteen million dollars. The ag-
riculture of Indiana paid that enormous profit
to the General Government in the acquisition
of homesteads for her people. The people of
Maine bad their lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let me ask the Senator
a question. Has lie not uniformly supported
appropriations for the benefit of agriculture?
Mr. HENDRICKS. If the Senator refers to
the grant of lands for the support of agricultural
colleges 
Mr. FESSENDEN. No; I refer to appro-
priations for the Agricultural Bureau ; the pur-
chase of seeds and all those things?
Mr. HENDRICKS. No doubt of it. Wrhen
I voted for the general appropriation bill I sup-
pose I voted for that.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where does the Senator
find authority in the Constitution to make these
appropriations?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I am not exactly find-
ing authority for that now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 know that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The Senator represents
the Finance Committee in this body, and when
he reports a bill he had better find the authority
himself. If I voted wrong upon a question of
that sort it is no argument that I was wrong in
voting appropriations of the public lands, and
that is the question between the Senator and
myself.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is true.; but I re-
ferred to a previous remark of the Senator, that
there was no authority for this appropriation.
I ask him where he finds authority for the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. When that bill comes
up I propose, if the subject is of sufficient im-
portance, to discuss it. I do not choose now,
for the purpose of illustrating the principle I
am discussing, to go off upon another question.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Very well, sir.
Mr. HENDRICKS. The question which the
Senator asked of me was whether I could vote
to grant the public lands to-enterprises in the
West and at the same time refuse to vote-mmey
to support the indigent in the: States-. That' is
the question that he propounded. -I have un-
dertaken to show the difference. . . - , - '
Mr. FESSENDEN.. The Senator is wist
taken; I propounded no such question-; Icoui-
mented a little upon his course good-naturedly,
for the purpose of illustrating >my- "own itoff,
that so far as talcing care of thepublie property-
is concerned, I do not know but that we are
bound to take equal care of the lands as of the
money.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Yes, sir, I agree with
the Senator on that proposition.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That was the extent
of it. *
Mr. HENDRTCKS. I agree that we must
exercise a wise discretion in the execution of
the power which the Constitution confersupon
us over the public lands.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator will net
understand me as quarreling with his course.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I do not believe Con-
gress ought to give the public lands a;way unless
some public interest is to be gained by it, some
work of general importance in which the na-
tion's interest is promoted, or encouragement
is given to the settlement of the lands, in which
all the people are interested. That is the sum
and substance of my views upon that question.
But, sir, the question recurs, where is the
power on the part of the General Government
to take certain white people and certain colored
people under the especial charge of the United
States and to support them at the public ex-
pense? That is the question, and the- Senator
refers to the circumstances of the case and to
international law as an answer. We are now in
a time of pcaco. It is no use for the Senator
to pretend that this is a time of war, because it
is not. Everybody knows that it is not a time
of war. We may theorize upon that subject as
much as we please, but we all know the war is
over; the southern armies are disbanded, and
the most of our troops have returned to their
homes; the country is in a state of peace; and
civil governments have been established in most
of the States. The question is simply, where do
we derive the power to appropriate money out
of the public Treasury for the support of indi-
gent persons in the States? If we can carry
that preposition, then this Government can as-
sume to do anything that it may choose to do.
I recollect that when I was a member of the
House of Representatives, there was a bill pro-
posed granting public lands to the States for the
support of the indigent, insane, and the blind
in the States. It was a proposition that appealed
very strongly to my sympathies; it was a prop-
osition to appropriate public lands; yet I voted
against it, because I did not think the object con-
templated was within the constitutional powers
of the General Government. It might have
been, according to the letter of the Constitution,
constitutional to grant the lands, because we had
the power to dispose of them; but it was not
within the provisions of the Constitution to
support the indigent, insane, and blind in the
States ; that was a duty according to our form
of government that devolved upon the States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. As much stress is laid
by the Senator from Indiana upon his assump-
tion that the Government of the United States
has no right to appropriate money to take euro
of indigent persons, as he says, and as he seems
to regard this as an act of the first impression,
without going over the argument again I wish
to call his attention to two statutes of the Uni-
ted States passed many years ago. Then I
should like to know what the difference in prin-
ciple is between the eases to which I shall refer
and the one under consideration. I read from
the twenty-seventh section of the act in regard
to the slave trade, passed in 1819:
"That the President of the United States bp, and ho
is hereby, authorized to make such regulations ami
arrangement-^ a^Ue may deem expeclientjyr-uie re-
lcoe!>iijor. support, and removal beyond the limilt. ot
the United States of all such negroes, mulattoc,., ojr
