1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
some of the seventeen must have voted as they
did out of regard to the very commendable
principle of giving every proposition a hearing.
That plan was the one often resorted to by dis-
honest dealers who increase the quantity of their
liquors by adding water or of their sugar by
adding sand. It may be better compared, to that
of the quack doctor, who, after you have taken
bottle after bottle of his medicine, advises you
to "keep taking."
Mr. PRICE. I would ask the gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Wextwortii] whether, in his
opinion, adding water to liquor injures it?
Mr. WENT\V'ORTII. If you sell it alias
water, I have nothing to say. [Laughter.] But
if you sell it to the boys as all whisky, adding
water to it is another thing.
If it be true that the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency is engaged in thwarting the efforts of the
Administration to bring about the earliest prac-
ticable return to par values, then I recommend
an appropriation be made to furnish his room
with the History of the French Assiguats and
also of John Law's "South Sea Bubble."
Mr. PHICE. I would ask the gentleman if
we are to understand that he charges the Comp-
troller of il) e Currency with an attempt to thwart
a return to specie payment or to dilute the cur-
rency, to use his own words.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I wish to say that
day after day I have seen the Comptroller of
the Currency in this House; 1" have seen him
talking with members; I have seen him talk-
ing with the lobby, when my own constituents,
who have come on here at great expense to see
him 011 official business, could not get him to
attend to it, because he was here, not at his
desk.
Mr. PRICE. If the gentleman will allow
me. that does not answer my question. I insist
that the gentleman shall answer the question
whether he charges the Comptroller of the
Currency with an attempt to dilute the cur-
rency—that is his language—or to thwart the
return to specie payments? It is due to the
Comptroller of the Currency that that question
should be answered directly.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I will say that I have
a resolution partly written calling for a select
committee to examine into this matter ; and F
pledge myself to the gentleman from Iowa [ill*.
Piucc] that if lie will not offer such a resolu-
tion, 1 will offer one which will bring the Comp-
troller of the Currency before a committee to
testify in this matter.
Mr. PRICE. Until that time I submit to
the gentleman from Illinois that it would be
more in accordance with propriety and strict
justice not to make a wholesale charge against
a public oflicer who stands high in the estima-
tion of the people, until the matter can be fully
examined.
Mr. WENTWORTII. All I have to say to
the gentleman is this: that, when a man holds
an office as a subordinate, and will not resign
when he knows he differs from his chief, then
I do not think lie is doing right. I think that
while 1 know the opinions of the chief, I know
the opinions of those on the other side.
Mr. PRICE. Then the House is to under-
stand that the gentleman from Illinois does not
make any charge against the Comptroller of
the Currency.
Mr. WENT WORTH. T will tell you what 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PIKE obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Will the gentleman
from Maine [Mr. Pike] yield in order to enable
me to move that the time of the gentleman from
Illinois be extended?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Then I move that
the time of the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Wextwop.th] be extended to enable him to
conclude his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I am obliged to the
House tor this courtesy, and I will try and not
trespass upon it too long.
To the gentleman lro,m Iowa [Mr. Price] I
will say that day after day I have been in this
House, and have seen the Comptroller of the
Currency here. His relations and mine are so
friendly that I know that if he does not agree
with what 1 say he will speak to me about the
matter. And Ihope that my friend from Iowa,
who is ^sensitive upon this subject—whether
his sensitiveness is of the Pickwickian kind or
some other I cannot tell—if he will he writing
a resolution calling for tho appointment of a
select committee to investigate this matter,
while I go on with my speech, I will offer it for
him when I get through.
Mr. PRICE. In reply, I must say one word.
My remarks were not Pickwickian. I only said
what I did because the gentleman whom my
friend from Illinois has assailed is not liere and
cannot be heard.
Mr. WENTWORTII. What! ishenothcre?
Where has lie gone ? lie was here a few mo-
ments ago. [Laughter.]
Mr. PRICE. Well, sir, whether he is here
or not, every one knows that he cannot be heard
here in his own defense. If the gentleman
from Illinois has any proof to present of either
of the two charges which his remarks would
imply, 1 have not another word to say.
Mr. WENTWORTII. I am not the man to
attack another behind his back; and if the
Comptroller of the Currency had not attacked
Secretary McCulloch while the latter was where
he ought to be, at his desk, I would not have
said what I have said, although the Comptroller
did come to the same conclusion as the Now
York gamblers.
I was recommending, when interrupted, an
appropriation to furnish the room of the Comp-
troller with the History of the French Assig-
mits, and also of John Law's " South Sea
Bubble.''
IL iflight be well, also, to add a history of the
papcr-monev system of the late southern con-
federacy, where the secretary of the treasury
cured alUinancial diseases with the hair of the
same dog and ad\ ised all his patients to '' keep
taking." Resumption by expansion is the old
story of the frog who was to get out of the well
by jumping up two feet every day and falling
back three every night.
The question is asked if it is sound policy to
take up legal tenders that bear no interest, and
replace them with bonds bearing intercut; to
which 1 answer promptly, no. if you can keep
your legal tenders at par. But this is not the
real question. It is only asked in order to
throw dust in the eyes of the people. It is a
Wall-street argument, and the people should
so regard it. The real question before the
country is this: shall our Government, now
that the war is over, continue to pay the pen-
sioners of the Revolution, of the war of 1812,
of the war of the rebellion, all its employds
and all its creditors in depreciated paper,when
by burrowing a little money at six per cent, it
can bring ils paper to par? Who in the Gov-
ernment. service anywhere, from highest to low-
est, has nolan application before us for increase
of pay? And when you look at such petitions
you find they are all based upon causes origi-
nating in the depreciation of Government pa-
per, and that the object of their petition can be
fully attained by its appreciation. Suppose A
to be a very wealthy man in his locality, and to
have a very large number of employes, it is
all right for him to give them as many of his
demand notes without interest as they please to
take. At length he has driven out all other
kinds of currency; and his employes, having
use for currency abroad, find tliey cannot use
his notes at par. They tell him he has got too
many out, more than the demands of the lo-
cality require. They ask him to contract his
issues so as to keep his notes at par all the
time. Now, is this man to inquire whether it
is policy for him to be honest? Or is it not his
duty to go and borrow money upon interest,
sufficient to make his paper good wherever it
has found its way?
Originally I would have favored Govern-
ment's putting out all the non-paying interest
notes that it could keep at par; but I am not
responsible for tho condition of our financial
affairs, nor is the presents Secretary of-.ijh$
Treasury, nor is any one else except theresbeft
who got xip the war, and that daSs of northern
financiers who were trying to- embarrass' their
country all through its existence.' Had -we
known at its outbreak of its extent and-ex>
pense we might have had a system of finance
more uniform. As it is we have all sorts tff
systems; and there is no member of this House
who can carry them all in-his head. And the
Secretary of the Treasury is like the superin-
tendent of a long line of railroad. He cannot
odiange his connections at any one point without
first studying to avoid collisions at all the others,
lie has specie for imports and paper for ex-
cises. Some interest and some principal is
payable in specie, and some in paper. Some
bonds are registered and some have coupons.
Some arc due at once and some at different
times for forty years. Some boar no interest
and some bear all rates, simple and compound,
up to seven and three tenths, and this interest
is payable in nearly all the months of the year.
The same necessity that drove the General
Government to borrow money also "drove the
States, counties, cities, and towns to the satne
thing. And tho Secretary has to compete with
them all in addition to his other embarrass-
ments. But his greatest trouble arises from
our anomalous system of banking, which ori-
ginated in our unavoidable difficulties, and for
which no one is to blame cxcept as above. Our
banks can neither suspend nor resume. They
are prohibited by law from suspending, and
yet they are virtually in suspense; and you can-
not make them resume while legal tenders aro
less than par. It is too.late to change this sys-
tem now, nor would it be fair to blame any one
for it. We must take it exactly as wo find it.
It would be difficult to bring about a resump-
tion of specie payments witlioutthecooporatioTi
of tho banks, and that cooperation cannot bo
secured without giving power to the Secretary
of the Treasury to take up such an amount of
legal tenders as will leave the balance at. par.
I do not expect this can be done all at once,
nor even in a year; but 1 do believe that we
can approximate resumption by such sure de-
grees that an afflicted people can feel certain
that the clays of the India-rubber yard-stick arc
numbered. I am one of those who believe it
1 >ol icy for G overnmeni, to withdraw legal tenders
to such an amount as to make the banks pay
par money when they have legal tenders. But
1 make not the issue upon this policy, except
upon the understanding that honesty is the bast
policy. I ask if it is honest in the Government
to pay its creditors in depreciated paper when
it can get money at six per cent.? And there
cannot be any war between sound Government
banks and the Secretary of the Treasury, be-
cause they hold his legal tenders for tho redemp-
tion of their notes; and when he brings his
legal tenders up to par, their notes are conse-
quently at par. So I look upon it that all na-
tional banks that arc solvent, and wish to con-
tinue so are the natural allies of the Secretary
of the Treasury. One ofthe oldest and wealthiest
bankers in the United States thus writes me :
" Pay no attention to outside procure, so far as tho
national banks aro concerned. AVc have paid tor no
pamphlets, no money articles in newspapers, and no
lobby. It is the speculators, the shoddies, the lamo
ducks, that aro bataboring Congress. The national
banks will be ready tor specic payments as soon as
the Seeretaiy ofthe Trea^uiy is. Give him a good,
strong bill, and have uo fears. lie eannot afford to
quarrel withsolvcntbanks, uorthey with him. There
is no way to separate their legitimate interests."
The principal argument against the pending
proposition is the old one—the dernier rassort
of speculators nailed to the wall. namely, ruin.
"It will ruin the country," is the climax of
their arguments. 0 Ruin! where aro the
charms that brokers have seen in thy face?
0 liuin! where have you been since General
Jackson died? I was accustomed to bear a great
deal of you from 1832 to 1840. O Ruin ! where
were you when gold fell from "287? Why do
you come to haunt us just at this time? "Can-
not you stay away until we get gold flown to
125, for the sake of more even change? The
tax upon labor and capital for irredeemable
