2394
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
upon said Cheyenne road, and required the superin-
tendent having charge of the construction of the
same to turn over all the stock, implements, and
money appropriated and purchased for the said road
to the superintendent of the Niobrara road, whereby
the opening and construction of the Cheyenne road
are jjrevenfed, to the great injury of the Territory of
Dakota: Tnereforc,
Jleiolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
requested to inform this House whether the work on
tho said road has been arrested or interrupted by his
orders, and if so, for what reason the same has been
done; wheth er any of themoneys appropriated thereto
have been diverted to the uses of theNiobraraorany
other road mentioned in said act, with the authority,
if any in that case, for said diversion.
lost discharges of soldiers.
Mr. FERRY, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which were read, considered, and agreed to :
Whereas in view of the vast number of military
discharges now in the hands of soldiers of tho United
States liable to be, as many already have been, lost
beyond replacement, thereby subjecting the losers to
great expense and inconvenience in verifying rights
to which tliey are entitled: Therefore,
_ Be it- resolved, That the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions bo, and are hereby, instructed to consider tho
justice and propriety of providing by law for such
county or other local registration of soldiers' dis-
charges^ shall provide against losses of originals,
ami which shajl he sufficient evidence in all cases to
entitle the parties in interest to all the benefits thereof,
and that the committee be authorized to report by
bill or otherwise.
ventilation of the halls of congress.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Interior be
directed to communicate to this House the report
made to him by Thomas U. Walter, late architect, of
the Capitol extension, on the warming and ventila-
tion of the two Houses of Congress, with the reports
ol Professor Joseph Henry and Dr. Charles M. Weth-
erill accompanying tho same.
And then, on motion of Mr. WASHBURNE,
of Illinois, (at four o'clock and thirty minutes
p. rn.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, Ac., were presented under
the rule aud referred to tho appropriate committees:
By Air. ALLISON: Tho petition of II. W. Tirrell,
and 50U others, citizens of Manchester, Inwa, for a law
to regulate inter-State insurances.
liy Mr. DKIGGS: The petition of Hill Gamble, and
34 others, of East Saginaw, Michigan, asking for the
equilizaUon of bounties.
By Mr. ECKIJ3Y: The petition of E. M. Jenkins,
and 110 others, wool-growers of Hammondsville, Jef-
ferson county, Ohio, for an additional duty on foreign
wool. 
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Saturday, May 5,1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton'.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER. In accordance with the
order of the House no business is in order to-
day except debate on the President's message,
upon which the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Busby,] is entitled to the floor.
national safe deposit company.
Mr. WARNER. I desire to enter a motion
to reconsider the vote by which House bill No.
338, to incorporate the National Safe Deposit
Company, of Washington, was laid on the table.
The SPEAKER. Tho motion will be entered
on the J ournal.
enrolled joint resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 80) to extend the time
lor the completion of the Union Pacific rail-
road, eastern division; when the Speaker signed
the same.
reconstruction.
Mr. BUNDY. It was my intention to ad-
dress the House to-day extemporaneously, but
I am entirely too unwell to proceed. I there-
fore ask to be allowed to print some remarks,
in which I will embody the substance of what
I would hnve snid.
The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no
objeciion, and leave is granted.
[His remarks will be found m the Appendix. ]
Mr. PHELPS. Mr. Speaker, on the 1st of
May, 1865, the Union Army numbered one mi%
lion five hundred and sixteen men. After a strug-
gle, unprecedented in ancient or in modern his-
tory, the purpose for which that vast power had
been called forth was accomplished. Four years
of civil war between people of the same race, of
the highest type of modern civilization, and of
equal intelligence, courage, and determination,
had been waged upon a theater of continental
proportions, had employed in its prosecution
the most finished and destructive enginery, had
in its terrific battles and daily skirmishes cost
this generation over half a million lives, and
had entailed upon the nation a debt of three
thousand and upon the insurgent section a loss
of seven thousand million dollars. But remark-
able as was this contest in all the elements of
material grandeur, it was still more memorable
for the importance of the issue involved, and
the extraordinary precision with which it was
defined. Slavery, struggling for perpetuity, ex-
pansion, and power, struck at the existence of
the Government, which, in the growth and
progress of ideas, necessarily came to stand in
its path, arrest its advance, and menace its
security. Slavery was the cause, and the only
cause, of the rebellion. The idea of secession
would never have been practically adopted,
certainly never enforced by arms, but in de-
fense of that institution. Hence the war policy
of the Government necessaiily became anti-
slavery. Hence, in the fullness of time, came
the proclamation of emancipation, the organi-
zation and arming of liberated slaves, the im-
mediate and uncompensated abolition of slav-
ery within her limits by the State of Maryland
—an offering voluntarily made by that loyal
State, as her contribution to the common cause
in furtherance of the general policy settled upon
as the only one to suppress the rebellion—and
following that, the passage by Congress by a
two thirds majority of the proposition to be sub-
mitted to thc?*scveral States to abolish slavery
throughout the country forever by constitu-
tional amendment.
The policy thus adopted and persevered in
by the Government ultimately forced a sim-
ilar policy of emancipation and enlistment
of slaves upon the consideration of the rebel
authorities. The instant the confederate gov-
ernment found itself reduced to that dilemma
the scales fell from all eyes. No sooner was
it discovered that the thinned ranks of the
rebel army, exhausted by four bloody years of
incessant combat, and required to face the
fresh columns that poured down with endless
tramp from the North, could only be recruited
from among those very slaves, to rivet whose
fetters that army was in fact fighting, than
the whole fabric tumbled into ruin. To arm
tho slaves was of course to free them, and to
free the slaves to fight the battles of slavery
was simply a reduetio ad absurdum and a
ghastly farce.
In the providence of God, it seems neces-
sary that this most cruel of wars should have
been fought to the bitter end upon the " line"
which has been indicated : first, to secure from
the South the complete, irrevocable, and final
surrender of slavery; second, to remove all
occasion for hindering the immediate pacifica-
tion of the country by a desultory guerrilla
warfare, so much feared and predicted ; and
thirdj to obviate all danger, and thus to ex-
tinguish in every candid mind all reasonable
fear of a possible future rebellion in the inter-
est of the defeated insurgents.
This generation cannot fully appreciate, but
history will recognize the great fact of the abo-
lition of the institution of human slavery. It
is too sudden, too violent, and too vast to be
fully comprehended to-day. Not' the least
among the many great evils of this system was
the specific influence it produced over the moral
sense, dwarfingandcontractingthc consciences
of men to its narrow standard, just as davkjjess
contracts the physical eye. Bursting suddenly
and with great noise and fury into the bright
air of freedom, what wonder that we should
still see with dazzled and bewildered vision, that
we should grope and clutch vaguely at the ob-
jects around us, that we should be tormented
with panic fears and haunted with hideous
dreams of the dark prison-house. 11 is, there-
fore, by no means strange to me. but quite
natural, that many well-meaning but purblind
patriots should still afflict themselves and society
with their panic dread of rebellion; should pre-
dict the revival or even affirm the actual pres-
ent existence of slavery; should start at every
sound, and stampede at every shadow; should
see walking by moonlight the ghbst of slavery,
and behind every bush a " red-handed rebel
should rend the air with clamors for protection
against this imaginary monster, and make both,
day and night hideous with their jargon of guar-
antees, conditions, and constitutional amend-
ments. Nor is it at all surprising that these same
purblind patriots, in their blundering frenzy,
should strike by mistake their best friends,
should attack the Secretary of State, should
denounce and threaten the President, and in-
volve in the same censure the sacred memory
of his lamented predecessor.
Sir, who is Secretary Seward, that he should
be hawked at and torn, not now by the knife of
the traitor assassin striking slavery's last blow
at its greatest human antagonist, but this time
by the loud and blatant champions of loyalty?
I remember him well, with his " higher law" and
his "irrepressible conflict," the scarred and
reenlisted veteran in this great war of liberty;
and I recollect him as he stood in the Senate
many years ago, when men who now revile him
as recreant and denounce him as a rebel sym-
pathizer, then scoffed at him as an abolition
fa-natic, as he stood at the head of a corporal's
guard gallantly attacking slavery in its strong-
hold. Sir, it may be said of him that while
Phillips and Garrison and the other humbugs
of both sexes were fighting valiantly in the rear,
William H. Seward was at the front, leading
not the advanced guard, but the skirmish
line of freedom right up to the breastworks.
With Henry Ward Beecher, he has devoted all
the best years of his life to the destruction of
human slavery. He struck at it whenever it
lifted one of its hydra heads ; he has put the
searing iron, hissing hot, to the last of them ;
he felt anxiously and skillfully for the last
pulsation of the dying monster's heart; he has
pronounced it dead, and he who feared it not
when living and terrible is not scared at its
carrion. He belongs to a more vigorous and
a more practical school of .statesmen. He
takes this view of the case, and all sensible
men of firm nerves, clear eye-sight, and good
digestion, agree with him, or soon will. The
South was formerly possessed of the devil, in the
scripture sense, and dwelt among the tombs.
While this unclean spirit was present, there was
much foaming and gnashing. It was finally
exorcised, and as it camc rending its way from
out its tormented and bleeding victim, it howled
out its name, not as legion, but slavery. It
became incarnate in the person of Booth, and
astonished and appalled mankind by the su-
preme horror and last convulsion of demoniac
madness, before it died the death of a dog.
Now, there are those who would scourge
and manaclc and cuff and curse the rescued,
regenerated, and emancipated South, even
before her wounds are stanched from this
frightful, this worse than Cesarean operation.
Beecher and Seward are of a different school
of philanthropists. They see tho one but lately
possessed of the unclean spirit and gnashing
among the tombs, now sitting, clothed, and in
his right mind. They do not look for uniform
amiability, nor do they require tho patient
immediately, and while smarting with pain, to
express profound satisfaction and intense
delight with the process, nor unfeigned per-
sonal love and gratitude toward those who per-
formed it. On the contrary, it is fair to pre-
sume that those men of honor would abandon
the unhappy victim to the tormentors should
it exhibit so craven a spirit and so contempti-
ble a hypocrisy. Nor is it deemed indispen-
sably necessary that men, otherwise loyal,
should profess now to hold the doctrines which
