1434
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 15,
paper will then be very convenient to reckon.
It will be exactly twenty-five per cent. Before
members of Congress pay much attention to
this stale cry of ruin, let them read the debates of
Congress all through the memorable contest
between the people, headed by G-eneral Jack-
son, on one side, and the irresponsible bankers,
headed by Nicholas Biddle, on the other. By
the way, I could, if I had the time, convict
some of these ruin manufacturers, whose pam-
phlets have been placed upon our desks, of
plagiarism. Neither their language nor ideas
are new upon the subject of ruin. They are
rather antiquarian. _ Mr. Biddle was not only
a very able man himself, but he had in his aid
some of the ablest lawyers and ablest writers
in the country, (and some of them appear to be
writing now;) and their gigantic efforts to alarm
by prophesying ruin had so little effect upon
the masses of the people then that even the
old women have no fears from it now. I feel
very confident that if the oldest of the widows
of our revolutionary soldiers should get her
next payment in par money, she would not be
at all frightened even if she should read all
these circulars and pamphlets upon ruin that
have been sent to us, or if she should hear all
the evil predictions of that immense lobby that
so thronged this Hall for several days that my
colleague [Mr. Ross] had to make repeated
calls upon the Speaker to enforce the rules
which cast them out of this temple of liberty
as our Saviour cast their fathers out of His
temple.
There has been one class of men here lob-
bying against specie payments that surprised
me very much. 1 allude to the importers. As
they paid for their goods in foreign exchange
and for their duties in gold and silver, I sup-
posed they would rejoice in having the paper
of their Government brought to par. But they
know that irredeemable paper begets extrava-
gance, and that men who become suddenly rich
by speculating upon other people's necessities
at once outgrow the plainness of American
manufactures-^ The suddenly rich, especially
if they are illiterate, are the best patrons of
importers. Such persons rejoice in diamonds
and laces] can drink 110 liquors without a cer-
tificate of their importation, and always travel
in their best clothes, fresh from a foreign mar-
ket, These importers think that a bloated cur-
rency bloats the fashions. They know that
the golden eagle of this Republic is at war with
monarchical diamonds. The importers are
very few in numbers, and as a class are very
rich, and Government expends millions annu-
ally for their protection on the seas. Where
ever their commerce floats there go our ships
of war for their defense, yet repeatedly have we
seen these millionaires about this Hall lobby-
ing for the debasement of onr currency and the
privilege of paying the guardians of their prop-
erty over the dangers of the ocean in money
under par. It would offend these gentlemen
much to be compared to ordinary stock gam-
blers, yet in their present vocation I do not
see how they are to claim exemption from the
old rule, that a man is known by the company
lie keeps. _ There is one class of men opposing
this bill with whose misfortunes I have much
sympathy. I allude to those who bought large
stocks at speculative prices. But I fear that
their condition is so helpless that I cannot aid
them in any other way than by supporting the
bill of the gentleman from llhode Island. I
allude to the bankrupt bill. It is, however, too
expensive as it now is. A bankrupt law should
be in every sense the poor man'slaw. It should
be for the man who has lost his all by sickness,
by fire, by indorsement, or any unavoidable,
calamity, as well as for the speculator who has
saved assets enough to pay enormous expenses.
The advantages of such a law should come to
the poor without price. The vilest criminal
always has gratuitous counsel assigned him
when he is destitute of means, and why hold
honest destitution at the mercy of its creditors
because it has nothing for the fees of judges, ,
clerks, and attorneys? The old law was wiped i
irom the statute-books in indignation on ac- I
count of its expenses. Men have been specu-
lating in everything. They have undertaken to
form such combinations as would control all
markets. They have been especially cruel in
their attempts to monopolize all the necessa-
ries of life. They bought at high prices. They
bought when gold was at nearly 300, and they
hoped that such a calamity would befall our sol-
diers in the field as would inflict a still greater
one upon their families at home by forcing
prices still further beyond their reach. God
bless our soldiers for crushing the traitors at
the South and for bringing Government credit
so near to par in spite of northern speculators,
who were fattening upon their country's calam-
ities ! Let those soldiers now see to it that when
they get their pensions they get par money.
A man learns much from little children, who
at play throw their balls in the air and cry:
" What goes up must come down
Upon your head or on the ground."
Gold has gone up, and with it the prices of
all the necessaries of life. It has now fallen
over three quarters of the distance it has got
to fall. Every one knew it would fall from
some point; and when it commenced falling it
was the duty of people to get their heads out
of the way so far as they could. If a person
has been rendered bankrupt by the fall so far,
there is nothing that Congress can do for him
except to pass a bankrupt law. He must wipe
out and begin anew. If a person has not been
injured by the fall to this date, (and very few
have,) lie need have no fears. Let him only
be prudent and he will reach bottom in perfect
safety. The Secretary of the Treasury has
proven himself a cautious man. He would
not be precipitate if he could, and he could not
if he would. It is because I have this confi-
dence in him that I favor this bill. ]?or the
same reason that Congress gave full powers to
General Grant when he went out to raise our
flag in the rebel States, I am for giving Secre-
tary McCulloch full powers when he goes out
to raise our credit. I was not in favor of Gen-
eral Grant's conducting his war upon peace
principles, nor am I in favor of the Secretary's
doing the same thing. The people are in favor
of the earliest restoration of their standard of
values, and how not to do this, while pretend-
ing to be for it, is not the question with me.
If it were, I would vote for striking the legal-
tender clause out of this bill; and I would ex-
patiate upon the folly of paying interest upon
money in order to redeem our depreciated pa-
per. But " how to do it" is my question ; and
as there is no other plan before Congress for
doing it, and as the present Secretary of the
Treasury has my implicit confidence, 1 should
be false to my own convictions of right if I did
not strengthen his hands in every possible way.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to read, in support of his views, a brief
extract from a letter from an eminent mer-
chant of New York?
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am occupying the
floor by the courtesy of the House. I have no
objection to yielding to the gentleman if it bo
the pleasure of the House.
'I lie SIMy.VKER. The gentleman has the
right to yield if he desires to do so.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I yield to the gen-
tleman.
Mr. KASSON. My object is to show that
the industrial and mercantile interest's of the
country are with _ the Secretary of the Treas-
ury on this question, and are even in advance
of the Government.
This gentleman says:
_ "Since seeing you I have made further inquiries
in relation to the transactions in merchandise based
uIy;n gold, and I find my opinion confirmed.
Teas, both from first and second hands, (until in fact
it reaches the smaller grocers and jobbers,) arc almost
invariably sold for gold. The imports from the East
indies, gunny-cloth, bags, linseed, &c., are also usu-
ally sold tor gold. Coffee is usually likewise 011 agold
basis. Dry goods, tho imports from England and the
Continent, arc on tho contrary vcrv generally sold for
currency, as arc also iron, raw silk, and other Euro-
pean articles of import.
110 doubt possess, you can see
that tho transactions in articles having gold for a
basis are immense; and it shows to my mind that the
merchants arc preparing for a roturn to a specie basis
whenever tho Government considers it judicious itself
to return to the 'hard-pan system.'"
I read this for tho purpose of :howing that
the people are already moving, even in advance,
of the Government, for a return to a specie
basis in their business transactions.
Mr. WENTWORTH. I am much obliged
to the gentleman from Iowa for his suggestion,
and will now proceed with the remarks which
I was submitting.
Many of the most experienced business men,
after doubling their capital by the rise in gold,
preferred to retire rather than replenish their
stocks at high prices and run the risk of a fall in
gold. Their personal enterprise as well as their
pecuniary capital have been dormant ever since,
awaiting with impatience for a time when bus-
iness can be resumed upon a reliable founda-
tion. There are hundreds of the most enter-
prising captalists with their millions of money
in this situation, and we want s'wjc of it in the
manufacturing business at the West. There
are also thousands upon thousands of the most
honorable young men who lost their old busi-
ness relations by going to the war, who wish to
form new ones as soon as they can safely do
so, but they are too well informed to open shop
upon a falling market. They have read the
parable of the man who built his house upon
the sand. They want to build upon the rock
of a stable currency, where honest industry
and skill can calculate upon reliable profits.
The best measure of the wealth of a country is
its productive industry. What every nation
wants is to have everybody producing some-
thing. One man's judgment is about as good
as another's as to the proportion between those
who live by their wits and those who live by
their work. I estimate that not more than
half of the able-bodied men are producing any-
thing, that is, adding anything to their coun-
try's wealth. I say it with shame for my coun-
try, that about one half of its able-bodied men
are mere drones; or to be more explicit, I sav
that the wealth of the country has not been
increased at all by the industry of one half of
its able-bodied men. Hence, I argue that he
is a public benefactor who sets any idle man
at work. You can set thousands of men now
idle at work by giving them reliable land-
marks.
Take the case of office-seekers. I estimate
that there are one hundred office-seekers for
every office in the country. I do not refer
to the industrial classes who would take office
if offered them, but who nevertheless con-
tinue in their industrial pursuits ; but I refer
to those who earn nothing, do nothing, add
nothing to their country's wealth. The coun-
try has no conception of the manner in which
members of Congress are annoyed upon this
subject. One half of our time is employed in
home correspondence in relation to it. The
other half ought to be devoted to public busi-
ness. But it is impossible. Why so ? Be-
cause we are awakened in the morning oarly
and kept up late at night by men of former
position, of actual wealth, of evident qualifica-
tion, and of apparent honesty. We find such
all over this city in tho greatest abundance.
And when we ask them why they do not go
into business, what do they say ? Their an-
swer invariably is, wo intend to "do so ; but wo
want something to support us until business
gets settled down upon a reliable basis. Now,
this reliable basis has got to be furnished by
the Secretary of the Treasury. He must set
our people at work; he must sot them at pro-
ducing something. \ye cannot all be office-
holders. Vt e cannot all be non-producers.
We must be earning something ; and to do
this we must invest either our capital or our
labor, and it is unsafe to do this when a man
knows not whether the dollar of to-day will
be a dollar to-morrow. The Secretary of the
Treasury, I honestly believe, can restore val-
ues to actual reliability, and transform hun-
dreds of thousands of idlers to producers of
wealth, if the members of this Congress will
not turn their backs upon their own constitu-
