STO
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
persons of color as may be so delivered and brought
wit.bin their jurisdiction"—
This refers to Africans or persons of color
■who are brought within the jurisdiction of the
United States for the purpose of reducing them
to slavery—
"and to appoint a proper person or persons, resid-
ing upon the coast of Africa, as agent or agents for
receiving the negroes, mulattoes, or persons of color
delivered from on board vessels seized in the prose-
cution of the slave trade by the commanders of the
United States armed vessels."
There was an act passed over forty years ago
authorizing the President of the United States
to appoint an agent to take charge of these very
colored people that we are proposing to take
charge of now through the officers of the Freed-
men's Bureau. They are now cast upon the
Government by the war. In the instances pro-
vided for under the act prohibiting the slave
trade, they were negroes, mulattoes, or persons
of color thrown upon the charity of the Gov-
ernment when they were taken out of the pos-
session of those who were seeking to reduce
them to slavery, or were by stress of weather
driven on our coast. Do they occupy any dif-
ferent relation to the Government when, as the
result of the war, they are thrown destitute and
helpless upon the Government, than they would
if, as a consequence of the slave trade or an
attempt to carry on the slave trade, they were
thrown helpless and destitute upon our shores?
Again, sir, in I860, before this rebellion broke
out, on the 16th of Jnne, the year before the
rebellion, it was provided by an act of Con-
gress—
"That it shall and may be lawful for the President
of the United (States to enter into contract with any
person or persons, society or societies, or body corpo-
rate, for a term not exceeding five years, to receive
from the United States through tbeirduly constituted
agont or agents, upon the coast of Africa, all negroes,
mulattoes, or porsonsof color, delivered from on board
vessels seized in the prosecution of the slave trade, by
commanders of the United Btates armed vessels, and
to provide the said negroes, mulattoes, and persons of
color with comfortablo clothing, shelter, and provis-
ions for a period not exceeding one year from the
date ol' their being landed on the coast of Africa, at a
price in no case to exceed $100 for each person so
clothod,sheltered, and provided with food: Provided,
That any oontract so made as aforesaid may bo re-
newed by the President l'rom time to time as found
necessary for periods not to cxeoed five years on each
renewal."
It would seem as if this Frcedmen's Bureau
act must have, been copied in part from this
law. The Congress of the United States vested
the President ol' the United Slates with au-
thority before the war to provide food, shelter,
and clothing for Africans taken from this coun-
try to the coast of Africa, to feed them there
for five years, and provided for the appoint-
ment of agents forty years ago to take charge
of such persons. Now, I should like to know
if it was competent for Congress to do that,
(and I believe that power was never doubted,)
why it may not do it in this ease? Why is not
the exigency just as great?
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ 1 understand the Sen-
ator to propose a question. Without entering
into the argument upon the subject, my reply
is simply this: the Constitution of the United
States provided that Congress should not pro-
hibit the slave trade prior to the year 1808.
It was doubted whether that was a mere pro-
hibition. or whether il also involved the
power after that time to prohibit it. The latter
construction finally obtained, and under that
power after the year 1808 Congress enacted
the law to which the Senator has referred. In
the exercise of its power to prohibit the slave
trade, savages were brought to our shores, and
under the provisions of the law they were taken
captive. _ fhey were not citizens; they were
not provided for as citizens; but Congress pro-
vided for those who fell under the control and
into the custody of tire Government, in the ex-
ecution of the laws prohibiting and preventing
the slave trade.
iii-. 1RUMBULL. Exactly.
Mi. HLXDRICKS, I will add, also, that
they were not citizens of the United States, not
marte iree here to remain among us. but to bo
earned back under the provisions of the law
to prevent that trade.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I suppose we could
provide for strangers and not for our own. 1
believe the good Book says that he is worse than
an infidel who will not do that. Now the Sen-
ator tells us that tinder the Constitution which
gave Congress power to prohibit the slave trade
this act was passed, and. if as a result of the
prohibition of the slave trade there were cast
upon our shores these savages who were not
citizens, they not being citizens we had a right
to feed and clothe them in pursuance of an act
of Congress passed in accordance with the Con-
stitution. Does the Senator not recognize the
power in the Constitution to put down this re-
bellion? Does he not recognize the fact that
under the exercise of a constitutional power the
rebellion has been crushed? Does he not rec-
ognize the fact that under the authority of the
Constitution slavery has been abolished, and
these people cast upon us?
_ But he says the savages from Africa were not
citizens. _ Well, I am glad to have the Senator
from Indiana admit that the negro is a citizen.
Some persons with whom he has been politi-
cally associated have not been willing to admit
that fact. But I cannot conceive how the Con-
stitution gives us the authority to feed and clothe
and to take care of human beings who are not
citizens, for five years on the coast of Africa,
who do not belong to us at all, and gives us no
power to feed and clothe and provide for those
who are among us. As a question of power,
it seems to me that if we can do the one we can
certainly do the other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator before lie takes his scat whether in his opin-
ion Congress had the power to enact that law,
except for the power to prohibit and prevent the
slave trade. Where does ho find the power if
not there ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I endeavored to show in
some remarks which T submitted the other day
where I thought the power was to be derived
from, and I do not propose to argue that ques-
tion over again. My object in rising to-day was
to show to the Senator, who seemed in his ar-
gument to assume that here was the exercise of
some new power, that the Congress of the United
States for forty years had exercised the very
power that is proposed to be exercised by this
bill, to feed, clothe, and take care of indigent
persons who were thrown upon us as a nation,
and that in our capacity as a nation wo had
taken care of such persons. If wo had the right
to do it in regard to savages, not citizens, who
were cast upon us, in pursuance of law, just as
these people arc now rightfully in our control,
we have as good a right to provide forthem. I
wanted to show there was a precedent for it; I
do not propose now to go over the argument
again to show whence the authority is derived.
Mr. IJ UXDMCKS. The Senator has mis-
apprehended the question which I have asked
him. lie has referred to the enactment of Con-
gress forty years ago. If the power is not found
in the provision of the Constitution to prohibit
and prevent the slave trade, for the enactment
of that law, where is the power found ? He has
referred to a law. I know he docs not claim that
this bureau may be organized under the power
' of the Government to prohibit the slave trade.
He lias not claimed that. .Now, I ask him if
il were not for the power to prohibit the slave
trade, from what provision of the Constitution
did Congress derive the power to carry these
people back where he speaks of and provide
for them in Africa ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Indi-
ana proposes to me a question. If the Senator
would allow me I would merely repeat, how-
ever, what I said before. The Senator asked
the same question before. The power under
the Constitution to load and clothe persons in
Africa. J suppose, grows out of the authority to
suppress the slave trade and to take care of
those persons who are thrown upon us in vio-
lation of that law to suppress [.he slave trade.
But if there were no law to suppress the slave
trade, and if savages by stress of weather, if
Fejee Islanders or anybody else, were cast upon
the shores of this country and came in the pos-
session of the authorities of the nation, and
must perish but for its protection and care, I
insist that as one of the nations of the earth, as
an independent Power, clothed with the attri-
butes of sovereignty, it would be our duty, our
duty by the law of nations as well as the obli-
gations imposed upon us by humanity, to take
care of them temporarily and provide for them
lest they should suffer and die for the want of
care and protection. But, sir, I insist in this
case that the persons we intend providing for
under this Freedmen's Bureau are, in pursuance
of law, in our control just as much and as com-
pletely as the Africans whom it was sought to
reduce to slavery in defiance of the law prohib-
iting the slave trade were in our control when
they came upon our coast.
Mr. DAVIS. I have some amendments to
move, and I propose to do it now, but I will
remark en passant, Mr. President, that the most
latitudinous principle in the construction of the
powers of this Government that I have ever
heard announced has been this moment an-
nounced by the Senator from Illinois. There is
no analogy whatever between the freed negroes
here and the negroes who were captured inthe
suppression of the slave trade. The extent to
which the legislation of Congress has gone in
relation to negroes that were taken in the sup-
pression of the slave trade is this : where our
cruisers in their operations to suppress that
trade captured slavers upon the coast of Africa,
or where those slavers attempted to introduce
slaves into the United States against our laws
declaring the slave trade piracy, for the pur-
pose of preventing the starvation and the per-
ishing of these slaves, as an ofiice of humanity,
Congress passed laws appropriating money to
supply the wants of those wretched beings;
and these precedents the Senator from Illinois
gravely relies upon as authority for the passage
of this bill!
Now, Mr. President, the freed negroes in the
State of Kentucky constitute a portion of our
population; the freed negroes in South Caro-
lina and in all the southern States constitute a
portion of their population. It is a principle
of our system of government, and the Senator
from Illinois cannot overturn or shake it, that
every State is bound to provide for its own pau-
pers, whether they be black or white, whether
those paupers have been slaves liberated and
emancipated under the laws of the States before
the rebellion, or whether they have been man-
umitted by the operation of the amendment to
the Constitution. There is no distinction of
principle between those classes of paupers, and
the obligation of each State to provide for its
paupers is precisely the same in relation to the
one class as the other; it is precisely the same
in relation to all the classes. Do I understand
the Senator from Illinois to contend for the
power of the General Government to provide
for all these pauper negroes in the late slave
States? The people of Kentucky would be
gratified if the Congress of the United States
could constitutionally take off them this bur-
den ; but it is a burden that belongs to them,
and one which neither the Government of the
United States nor the Congress of the United
States has any right or power whatever to as-
sume. If there is an obligation or a duty or a
power to take care of the negro paupers, there
is, I suppose, an equal obligation to take care
of the white paupers of the different States. I
repudiate that principle as wholly heretical and
as not having a figment of authority in the Con-
stitution; and the attempt to draw a parallel
between the case of the African negroes who
were captured on slave ships or who were brought
into the United States against the express pro-
visions of our law for the suppression of the
slave trade and the free negro paupers of the
different States, is an utter failure; they arc no
more alike than the mastodon and the whale.
But, Mr. President, I rose for a different
purpose. I know that this bill is to pass, and
I know that no obstacle whiclx one as inconsid-
erable as myself can throw, or attempt to throw,
in the way of its passage will impede it for a
moment. It is to pass upon the old principle,
