1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3355
and soldiers of the war with Great Britain of 1812,
1813, and 1814, and their widows, mid those engaged
in Indian wars during that period,'*
The claim? of those soldiers are so eloquently set
forth in tho roport accompanying the bill, that the
undersigned would not venture to add a word, but
that, having participated in that struggle, and hav-
ing, from natural sympathy, watched tho subsequent
fate of their brethren in arms, (hoy deem it proper
to state facts in relation to them which should impart
additional force to these claims upon a grateful and
prosperous country, and to which prosperity, they
may be allowed to add, the services here alluded to
have, in their opinion, greatly contributed. It must
be remembered that the largest proportion of these
men were, at the time of their being called upon to
defend their country and to sustain the honor of her
flag, in comfortable circumstances, pursuing the va-
rious arts of agriculture, manufactures, mechanics,
and commerce, a,nd were transferred to all the expo-
sures and dangers of the camp and the garrison under
mere nominal pay, and without a provision either of
arms or clothing. How well their duties were per-
formed let tho battles of Quoenston, of Bridgcwater,
of tho Thames, of New Orleans, and other holds re-
spond. At least three fourths of those who did not
fall in battle have been summoned to another world
in the regular course of nature, many from (lie oper-
ation of wounds and diseases entailed upon them by
their patriotic services, leaving to their widows and
children no other legacy than (hat of poveity and
suffering'.
Many of our surviving brethron are now experi-
encing the same miseries. These are tho facts which
our own eyes have witnessed, and are daily witness-
in a.
Our association has been organized, not merely to
perpetuate tho memory of those days, but to afford
relief to tho living, and decently to inter tho dead,
This can only iSc partially accomplished where so
few havo tho means; and although benevolent indi-
viduals liavo aided, still tho cases of distress are
numerous.
It must be kept in mind that no man now living
who shared in these events can bo short of three-scoro
years, while many greatly exceed that age, and of
course, if now in dependent circumstances, can hopo
for no beneficial change except through this act of
national faith and public justice. *
The undersigned cannot conceive it to bo nccessarv
to enlarge upon this subject. Several members of
your honorable body can bear personal testimony,
having participated in (he services of (hose days,
while others havo lcarnod them from their patriotic
sires.
Wo most earnestly invoke your support of tile bill,
not merely as an act of charity to the necessitous, but
as a rewind to the faithful servants of tho Republic,
and as an incontive to future sacrifices for tho public
good.
We arc, with great respect, sir, your obedient ser-
vants. HENRY RAYMOND,
JAMKS MURRAY.'
WILLIAM BUTTllEE/
ISAAC M. PHYFK,
THOMAS D. HOWE.*
JOHN C. HOWARD*
DANIEL WHITNEY,*
HENRY BATCKR.
HARLOW PORTER *
CHARLES K. CROWLEY,*
WILLIAM (x. MONJJLL,"
  Committee of the Soldiers ri/lKl2.
♦Deceased.
This paper, it will be seen, was signed by a
committee of eleven of the soldiers of (ho war
of only three of whom now survive, to
wit, Henry Raymond, Isaac Pliyfe, and Henry
Baker.
I will also read the following extract of a
letter to me, written by an officer of the war
of 181 2, from the same city :
New York, March 14, 1866.
Dear Sir: In the proceedings of Congress I per-
ceivo that you havo introduced a bill granting pen-
sions to soldiers of the war of 1812, which was referred
to the Committee on Invalid Pensions. Your honor
has tho heartfelt thanks of all the veterans I have
conversed with, and I trust you will not let the mat-
ter rest without some definite action taken thereon.
Could a law of that kind be passed it would relievo
the pressing wants of many an old soldier who at
this present timo hardly knows where a meal of
victuals is to come fiom, such is their abject pov-
erty. There are some that necessity has compelled
to becomc inmates of an almshouse, eating a pau-
pcr'sfood. Such isthe sad condition of many of those
old men who in their youthful days sacrificed every-
thing for the benefit of their country in tho hour of
her peril. I would giadly confer with you at any
time and in any manner to consummate this lauda-
blo object, and would beg most respectfully to sug-
gest the propriety of forwarding a petition of the
veteians of 1812 in this section of country.
I will also read the following small extract
from the proceedings of a meeting of the old
soldiers of that war held at Philadelphia, in
my own State, in February last:
"We are grateful to learn from the public prints
that a disposition is manifested at this late day by
some of the Representatives in Congress (o recognize
in a substantial manner the services of the poor old
soldiers of tho second war of independence. We in-
vite tho attention of the association to this matter."
I will not trouble the House further, Mr.
Speaker, by reading extracts from the numer-
ous letters and proceedings received in rela-
tion to this matter. This seems to me to he
sufficient to satisfy every member of this House
of the stern necessity of immediate action in
aid of the old veterans. It may be said, and
has already been intimated, that the. country
is not in a condition to grant the relief asked
for. This, I think, is a mistaken idea; we
have lately passed through a terrible war, and
the people bore the heavy drain of men and
means with such alacrity as to astonish the
world, and now, as peace and prosperity are
restored, and the Government about being
placed upon a firm and substantial basis, wc
are surely in a condition to do adequate jus-
tice to those old heroes.
It will not do to say the nation is too poor,
when we have passed a law giving $25,000 to
feed the poor of Washington city, many of
whom were never in the Union Army, and some
seven hundred thousand dollars to keep cer-
tain tribes of Indians from starvation, some of
whom have even been in tho rebel service;
and beside, after the eloquent speech of tho
honorable gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Banks,] passed a bill appropriating $100,000
to enable this nation to be represented in the
grand Exposition to take place in France in
1807. Of these appropriations I have nothing
to say more than that, in my opinion, tho claim
of the soldiers and sailors of the war of 181'2
is more meritorious. Jtwillnotdo, Mr. Speaker,
for the Representatives of this great nation of
over thirty million people, with such vast re-
sources, to withhold the relief provided by this
bill on the ground of want of means. The bill
that passed this House by an almostunanimous
vote for equalizing bounties, which will require
some hundreds of millions, was just, and in
tho early part of the session I offered a reso-
lution and also presented a bill looking to that
end ; and as to the ultimate payment of such
bounties, it is a mere question of time, the re-
cipients being comparatively young men, while
those of the war of 1812 are far advanced in
life, and according to the course of nature can
be here but a short time, and if any provision
is to be made for them it must be done quickly.
It will not do to allow them to become alto-
gether objects of public charity. The sum
provided for in the bill is very small, scarcely
enough to clothe and fowl them in the most
humble manner.
In the early part of this session a recess for
a short time was frequently taken in order that
our worthy Speaker might introduce to the
members various generals who in the late re-
bellion had done good service for the preserva-
tion of the Union, which he did in his usual
affable manner ; and now, I beg leave as their
Representative to introduce to this House the
old veterans of tin; war of 1812, hungry, and
with garments all tatteied and torn, asking for
the service they rendered their country a small
sum in way of pension to enable them to pro-
cure food and raiment. Shall it be granted?
They, like Lazarus of old, are willing to be fed
on crumbs, and is this Congress not willing to
grant it? Sir, while I have a voice on this floor
i will stand up for the defenders of my country.
No individual or nation ever lost anything by
being charitable. Our officers of the Army and
Navy deserve great praise,and many encomiums
are east upon them, but the privates who have
to obey the command and face death are equally
deserving of the gratitude of their country.
Russia, England, and France, yea, all civilized
nations of the world, have made provision for
their old veterans, and no people are more able
and willing than those of the United States to
have these defenders cared for, and I am satis-
fied that the passage of this bill will meet the
entire approbation of our constituents, (unless
it is that the pension is too low.)
And now, Mr. Speaker, I move that this bill
be recommitted to the committee with in-
structions to report the same with an affirma-
tive recommendation, and will call for the yeas
and nays. T can hardly think that any member
will record his vote against, allowing this pit-
tance to an old indigent soldier; if there is he
will have an opporunity of so recording his
vote. I will add that this is no party measure;
it is a platform on which all can safely stand.
Mr. HALE. I wish to inquire, either from
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Mil-
i-eit,] who has so eloquently addressed the
House upon this subject, or from any member
of the Committee on Invalid Pensions, what is
the probable amount of annual expenditure
involved in this bill. And before yielding tho
floor I take the opportunity to suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether he
ought in substance t.o defy the members of
this House to give any vote they may see fit to
give on this or any other subject. I submit to
him whether it is quite fair «for him to say to
the House, "We will let the country know
who is for the old soldiers and who is against
them; and I shall call for the yeas and nays."
I suggest to him that if members entertain
opinions which may clash with his it is very
possible the yeas and nays may have no par-
ticular terror for them; and I trust he did not
mean to be understood as intimating anything
to that effect.
Mr. PERI-IAM. Mr. Speaker, I congratu-
late the old soldiers of tho war of 1812 that they
have found in the gentleman from Pennsylva-
nia [Mr. Mim.er] so earnest a supporter and
advocate on this iloor. It cannot be expected
in opposing a measure of this kind I shall be
able to manilesl that sort of enthusiasm as the
gentleman has done.
Now, I would be glad could I bring myself
to the belief that the country is in a condition
for such an expenditure of the public money
as this proposes. Rut, sir, the Committee on
Invalid Pensions, after tho examination they
gave to the subject, came to the unanimous con-
clusion that we cannotdo this thing now. Ihave
nothing to say derogatory to the merits of the
old soldiers of that war. They performed their
duties faithfully and well, and a grateful people
have done them honor from that time to the
present. For fifty-two years this country with
liberal hand, the Treasury of the country all
the time being in easy circumstances, has been
legislating for their benefit. We have granted
pensions to every man who has in the least been
injured in that service. We have granted pen-
sions to the widows of all who have died of
disease contracted, or wounds received, in the
service. We have also given bounty land to
every man who could prove lie was in the ser-
vice fourteen days. In this Congress, and in
previous Congresses, we have been liberal in
special legislation for these men.
Now, sir, the Committee on Invalid Pen-
sions have been disposed to afford relief when-
ever they could find any good reason for so
doing, and the votes of the House show they
have always been ready to second them in this
regard. It is true we pensioned the surviving
soldiers of the revolutionary war about fifty-
two years after the close of that war, and that
now about the same time has elapsed since the
close of the war of 181*2. But fifty-two years
after the close of the revolutionary war we
were under very different circumstances from
those which now surround us. We have now
dependent upon us a vast number of wounded
soldiers, and the widows and children of sol-
diers who have been killed during the rebel-
lion, creating a heavy expense which we must
meet.
In answer to the inquiry of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Hat.e] as to the amount
of expenditure under this bill, I will say it is
impossible to ascertain the number of men
now living who were in the war of 1812. From
the information of the Pension Bureau, and
from the investigation the committee has given
the subject, we have arrived at the conclusion
tbal there are not less than one hundred and
eleven thousand.
Mr. FINCK. I ask whether this bill pro-
poses to give pensions to all of this number,
