1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
- * €>
371
not of constitutional law, but the old principle
of human nature, where there is a will there is
a way. The majority in this Senate have the
will, and they intend to devise the way, regard-
less of the Constitution. I was amused at the
earnestness, and instructed and gratified by the
power of the appeal made by my friend, the
Senator from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan,] to
Senators here to observe and respect the Con-
stitution and the oaths which they had taken to
support it. My honorable friend must know—
we all know—that in this Chamber,in the nation,
in universal humanity, in high party times, there
is a higher obligation than the oath to support
the Constitution, or the provisions and prin-
ciples of that Constitution, and that higher
obligation, to which all others yield, is the good
of party. To preserve and save party, when
that .comes into competition with the* Constitu-
tion and constitutional obligation, that obliga-
tion and that Constitution are given to the winds
of heaven.
Thehonorable Senator from Maine [Mr. Fes-
senden] in his speech introduces another prin-
ciple upon which this bill is to be passed, and
that is the principle of necessity. I do not
concede as a principle of our Government the
^principle of necessity to override the Constitu-
tion or the law in any possible case either in
war or peace; but I admit that the Supreme
Court of the United States have sustained the
principle of necessity thus far, and no further—
and in obedience to the authority of that court
I subscribe to it to that extent—that, in time of
war, when an army in the field is in an extreme
exigence, and that exigence is so immediate
and so impending that there is not time to re-
sort to the forms of law, that army may take
for itself the necessary military supplies, under
the law of necessity; but at the same time the
Supreme Court, in the ease of Harmony vs. Mit-
chell, and the Court of Claims, in the opinion
rendered by Justice Wilmot two years ago, con-
cede explicitly that even that necessity requires
the Government to pay for the property that is
taken. Mr. President, has it come to this, that
the powers of this Government are to be en-
larged and expanded upon the principle of ne-
cessity ? My understanding is that there is no
power vested in the Government of the United
States that is not derived from the Constitution;
and I understand that the Supreme Court has
sustained that principle in scores of cases. And
yet we are told that this limited Government,
created by a Constitution which especially pro-
vides that every power not therein delegated to
the General Government is reserved to the peo-
ple or to the States respectively, may expand
and multiply its powers upon the principle of
necessity. What necessity ? The necessity of
the nation? The necessity of preserving the
Constitution ? The necessity of maintaining
popular liberty ? Oh, no ; the necessily is that
the fortunes of the Republican party are im-
periled ; that it is in danger of losing office and
place ; that the whole power of the Government
and its patronage is about to slip from their
hands ; and this produces a necessity that cre-
ates a law that hereby authorizes Congress to
pass the measure under consideration.
Mr. President, I have always understood
heretofore that in this country this odious prin-
ciple of necessity, the tyrant's plea, the argu-
ment that has struck down popular liberty
wherever it has prevailed on this earth, the plea
upon which tyrants have risen and have estab-
lished their despotic thrones, was limited to the
Army and to military operations. But the hon-
orable Senator from Maine is now introducing
it into the Senate, and 1 suppose, when it is
acknowledged and acted upon by the two Houses
of Congress, it is then to be transferred to the
Supreme Court, and the Chief Justice and his
associate justices are to recognize this principle
of necessity. Sir, when we have arrived at
that mode of interpreting our powers, when we
attempt to derive them from that indefinite
source, what is our Constitution worth ? Where
is the limit of the Government of the United
States created by its fundamental law? Where
are the rights of the States? Where are the
liberties of the people ? Where is the value of
this form of government, and this Constitution,
that would require from the honest and true
men of America a moment's effort to save and
preserve it?
Gentlemen have talked about Democracy and
Republicanism here. That is a theme that does
not concern me. I am no Democrat; I never
was a Democrat; and I am too old now to change
my name or political position; but I wish to
make one remark in justice to the great Demo-
cratic party. I was an "old-line Whig." I
derived my principles from the Constitution and
from the interpretations.of that instrument by
Hamilton and Madison and Marshall and Web-
ster and Clay. I still adhere to the teachings
of my school from those noble old preceptors.
I was a Whig of the Clay school. In days gone
by I always opposed the Democrats, and they
always opposed me. Why and upon what prin-
ciples ? Upon principles of the temporary pol-
icy and administration of the Government.
What were those principles and measures?
There was the old United States Bank; there
was the protective tariff; there was the dispo-
sition of the proceeds of the sale of the public
lands among the States; there were the appro-
priations by Congress to aid in the construction
of works of internal improvement—all questions
ofpolicy, oftemporaryadministration. On those
questions I differed from the Democracy, and the
Democracy differed from me and my great and
illustrious leader. But, sir, those questions have
gone by; they are obsolete; they are among the
3'cars that were before the flood. But there
were some principles upon which those great,
grand, noble old parties agreed; and what were
they? They were for the Union under and by
the Constitution. They were for the subordi-
nation of the military to the civil power in
peace, in war, and always. Theywere for the
writ of habeas corpus. They were for the trial
by jury according to the forms of the common
law. They were for every man bearing his arms
abant him and keeping them in his house, liis
castle, for his own defense. They were for
every right and liberty secured to the citizen by
the Constitution. They believed that the Con-
stitution was the paramount law of the land,
and they believed that it was a crime for any
man to assail that Constitution or the laws of
Congress passed in conformity to it, whether
that man-was a rebel or a member of our own
Government. They believed that all the rights
and liberties reserved to the people of the States
respectively by the Constitution belonged to
them, and that when any of the officers or
authorities of the General Government made
aggression upon the rights and reserved liber-
ties of the States, and the State laws enacted to
protect, to guard, and to preserve them, whether
that encroachment was made by a President or
a Secretary of War, or a strapped militia gen-
eral, or anybody else, ho was as much guilty of
treason against the State as was Jefferson Davis
against the United States in making war for the
separation ofthe southern States from the Union.
Mr. President, those were Iny principles then;
those are my principles now. Time and events
have rolled on. The questions and measures
that separated the Democracy and me have
passed in the progress of time ; and it is only
those great, immortal constitutional principles
and principles of popular liberty that are now
in contest. I am their true defender, as the
Democrats of that day who have not abandoned
them, and shamelessly gone over to the Repub-
lican party, are still their defenders of this day.
We occupy a common platform._ That plat-
form is the Constitution of the United States.
They stood there then; so did I. They stand
there now; so do I. But I care not what party
name a man may bear, if he presents himself,
and shows that he is a true, honest, and devoted
friend to our Constitution, to the Union under
our Constitution, and to popular liberty as guar-
antied by that Constitution, you may call him a
Democrat or what not, he is my friend, my
brother; he is engaged in the same great and
noble and holy and immortal cause that I am.
I will stand shoulder to shoulder with him; and
with him, Democrat thoughyou may call hiyi,
I will march to the death; and I will support
and vote for him for office, while he is true and
honest and faithful to thoa©great old principles
that were alike sustained by Whig and Demo-
crat, as though he had always borne the name
of Whig.
But, sir, I did not rise to speak of tiese mat-
ters. I rose to offer certain amendments, to
this bill; and I now ask leave to present th<SD>
in their order. ' :
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The" ques-
tion now is on concurring in the Seriate with
the amendment made as in Committee of the
Whole to the fourth section of the hill. The
Senator's amendment will be in order after the
amendments made in committee shall havebeen
acted upon.
Mr. DAVIS. I wish to present my amend-
ments. I have some amendments to portions
of the biM that precede that section and I have
an amendment embracing that section. I care
not as to the order in which I am allowed tQ
present them. All I want is to have that prm
ilege.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend'
ments of the Senator will be in order when thi^
present amendment shall have been disposed of.
Mr. DAVIS. What amendment is that?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The pend-
ing question is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole to the fourth
section ofthe bill, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to strike out the fourth section of the bill,
in the following words:
Sec. 4. Andbe it further enacted. That the President
may, for settlement in the manner prescribed by sec-
tion four of the act to which this is an amendment,
reservefrom sale or settlement, under the homestead
or preemption laws, public lands in Florida, Missis-
sippi. and Arkansas, not to exceed three million acres
of good land in all, provided the rental named in said
section four be determined in such manner as the
Commissioner shall by regulation prescribe.
And to insert in lieu thereof:
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted, That the President
is hereby authorized to reserve from sale or from set-
tlement, under the homestead or preemption laws,
and to set apart for the use of freedmcn and loyal ref-
ugees, unoccupied public lands in Florida,Mississippi,
Alabama, Louisiana, and Arkansas, not exceeding in
all three million acres of good laud; and the Com-
missioner, under the direction of the President, shall
cause the same from time to time to be allotted and
assigned, in parcels not exceeding forty acres caeh,
to the loyal refugees and freedmen, who shall be pro-
tected in the use and enjoyment thereof for sueh term
of time and at such annual rent as may be agreed on
between the Commissioner and such refugees or freed-
men. The rental shall be based upon a valuation of
1 the land, tobe ascertained in such manner as the Com-
! missioner may, under tho direction of the President,
1 by regulation prescribe. At the end of sueh term, or
| sooner, if the Commissioner shall assent thereto, tha
j occupants of any parcels so assigned may purchase
I the land and receive a title thereto from the United
I States in fee, upon payinc therefor the value of tho
j land ascertained as aforesaid.
j Mr. DAVIS. I desire to inquire whether,
• when the amendment to that section is disposed
' of, I shall be at liberty to offer amendments to
the preceding section. ,
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That will
be in order, in the opinion of the Chair.
Mr. DAVIS. I desire to move an amend-
ment to the section now before us. It is^to
amend the amendment in the fifth line by strik-
ing out the words, "inFlorida, Mississippi, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, and Arkansas.'' I will make
j but a single remark on this amendment. ^ This
I whole measure seems to have had its origin in
j the benevolence and humanity of gentlemen to
; the freed negro. The bowels of their eompas-
i sion so yearn toward them that they feel it
| incumbent upon themselves to introduce this
| great measure of charity for the race that they
have emancipated. Now. sir, I propose to
extend this measure of benevolence a little fur-
ther than this section as amended in committee
does. That amendment limits the homes that
are to be provided for these freedmen to the
States of Florida, Mississippi, Alabama, Louisi-
ana. and Arkansas. Now, it may be thatagreat
many of these freed negroes would rather have
homes in some other States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow me. I have no sort of objection
