£72
THE CONGRESSIONAL 0LQB1.
January 23,
myself to those words being stricken out, and
then, the lands may be selected anywhere. They
were inserted because it is known that in those
States there are some public lands; but for
.■myself—T have no right to gpeak for the^ com-
mittee—I have not the slightest objection to
the Senator's amendment.
Mr. DA VIS. If the gentlemen's friends are
willing to accept my amendment, I have not
toother word to say in support of it; but he
says he has not authority to act for them.
Sometimes he has, and sometimes he has not,
and I do not know when he has, unless upon
his'own declaration; but I suppose some of his
friends, would demur to this "amendment. But,
Mr. President, if you are actuated now by
tte highest principles of philanthropy and jus-
tice 
- Mr. TRUMBULL. Let us try ; I think the
Senate will adopt the Senator's amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. But if we try and my amend-
ment fails, I cannot say anything upon it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it is not adopted by
acclamation, the Senator can call for the yeas
and nays upon it", and he will then have an
opportunity to argue it if he desires to do so ;
but my opinion is that the amendment will be
concurred in.
Mr. DAVIS. I only wanted to say a word
upon it; I am not going to occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate more than a moment or two
•upon it.
Mr. TRUMBU1>L. If the Senator is going
to make a speech upon it, I shall be inclined
to vote against it.
Mr. DAVTS. r shall only occupy the atten-
tion of the Senate for a little while on this sub-
ject. I purpose to occupy it for a great while
oil some other matters, [laughter,] and espe-
cially do I intend to take up the Senator from
Illinois before [ get through.
Now,, sir, here are Indiana, Illinois, Ohio,
Kansas, and all the range of States in that de-
gree of latitude, possessing a salubrious climate
and a very fertile soil, and it is very possible
that a large number, probably half of the treed
negroes of the U nited Stales, i i'they were allowed
to' select their homos in the localities that they
preferred, would elect to go to that line of Slates,
and some of them, probably, a little north of
that line. All that I propose to do is, that if
you intend this as a local benevolence, one that
is to immortalize your legislation tor its expan-
sive charity and justice, you shall not attempt
to restrict it by Hunting the recipients of this
noble charity of yours to the southern States.
Let them have a free choice in all this free and
boundless land to go where their affections and
desires or any other considerations may induce
them to go. I have nothing more to say upon
my proposition.
The PRKSIDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment to the amendment.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask for tho yeas and nays
upon it. [" Oh, no!"]
Mr. TRUMBULL. Let, us try it by accla-
mation iirst, mid then if the amendment to the
amendment is not adopted, the Senator can call
for the yeas and nays.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator, from Kentucky demand the yeas and
nays?
Mr. DAVIS. I will not demand them until
I see whether the amendment is likely to be
adopted or not.
Mr. HOWARD. Let me assure the Sena-
tor from Kentucky that the demand for the
yeas and nays is entirely useless. His amend-
ment will be carried by acclamation.
Mr. DAVIS. I am glad to hear tl?e Senator
say so.
Mr. HENDRICKS. T hope the amendment
of the Senator from Kentucky will not be car-
ried by acclamation. I regret very much that
I cannot agree with him. in"it.
Mr. DAVIS, [f the Senator from Indiana
will allow me to say one word, we are getting
the gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber
in a soft mood; we are getting thorn to run in
the channel of my amendments; and I want
them toget so much momentum that they will be
ready to accept some other amendments by the
time we reach them. [Lahghter.]
Mr. CLARK. But while we are getting into
a soft mood, they do not seem to be in a very
unanimous mood on the other side. [Laugh-
ter.]
Mr. HENDRICKS. Both in the committee-
room and in the Senate I was willing to agree to
this section ; I thought it right enough; but 1 am
not willing to withdraw from settlement, from
homesteads and from preemption, lands in the
latitude where white settlers are most likely to
go. 1 do not think that there will be for some
time to come a great demand for public lands
in the southern States*. There is so much land
that lias heretofore been cultivated in those
States that is now in market, that there is not
likely to be a great demand for lands for home-
steads for white settlers; and therefore there will
be no great injury resulting from a withdrawal
of three million acres of the public lands in
those States; but I should hate to see three mil-
lion acres, or any portion of them, withdrawn
from market in Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska, or
Minnesota, States where white settlers are most
crowding at this "time. It seems to me Senators
ought to reflect upon it before they give their
unanimous support to such a proposition. It is
a proposition to take this amount of land out
ol market, to exclude white settlers from it; and
it is not necessary; it is not in the latitude which
the negro seeks. There is plenty of land in
Louisiana and in the States that arc now men-
tioned in the bill to answer this demand for three
million acres, and there will be public inconve
nienee resulting from withdrawing it in those
States ; but I think it very objectionable to with-
draw these lands from market in the States to
which the white people are mostly emigrating.
Mr. SAULSIH'RY. If I understand the effect
of the amendment proposed by the Senator from
Kentucky, itisto strikcoutthe limitation confin-
ing this grant of land to certain southern States,
and leaving the location of this land to the dis-
cretion of the Executive of the United States.
If the proposition contained in the bill is just
and fair in itself, if homesteads are to bo given
to these negroes, and they are to be located at
the public expense, then, in my opinion, they
ought to have the privilege of locating among
•their particular friends, and in that view, if
there was no other consideration governing me,
T should vote for the amendment of the Sena-
tor from Kentucky. But, sir, I cannot vote for
the bill itself; I cannot vote to give them land
anywhere, under any circumstances; and lest
my vole lor the amendment might be conceived
as committing me to the principle of voting
them homesteads anywhere, I do not know
that I can vote for the amendment. However,
I am perfectly salistied that it should be adopted
by the votes of gentlemen on the other side,
f make this remark simply to put myself rectus
in curia upon this bill. J can vote for nothing
contained in if.
Mr. THUMB[TLL. My object in assenting
to the proposition of the Senator from Ken-
tucky was to hasten our action upon the bill, not
seeing any particular objection to his amend-
ment ; hulas it seems likely to divide the Dem-
ocratic party, which is not very numerous upon
that side of the Chamber just now, and create
a division among them, 1 am rather inclined to
withdraw my assent. [Laughter.] If the three
Senators could agree, and that alliance which
the Senator from Kentucky has just glorified,
which has been formed between the old Whigs
and old Democrats, could go along harmo-
niously, I would be inclined to yield and let his
proposition be adopted ; but I should be sorry
to create divisions among our friends on the
other side. [Laughter.]
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Kentucky to the amendment adopted
as in Committee of the Whole to the fourth sec-
tion of the bill.
The amendment to the amendment was re-
jected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion noiv is on concurring in the amendment
made as in Committee of the Whole to the
fourth section of the bill.
Mr. SAULSBURY. On that question I ask
for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. J OHNSON. I have been from the first,
when this bill was introduced by the honorable
member from Illinois, very anxious to vote for
it, or for some measure of the same kind. I .
think the United States are., under an obliga-
tion to provide for these freedmen to a certain
extent, and to the entire extent of their consti-
tutional power. The vote that I shall give,
therefore, will be given reluctantly, and only
because I more than doubt whether any such
power exists in the Constitution; and that doubt
is not only applicable to the section which is
now before the Senate, but is more applicable,
it seems to me, to the amendment which the
committee have adopted, as I understand, as a
substitute for the original sixth section of the
bill. The amendment immediately before the
Senate provides that not more than three mil-
lion acres of the public land shall be set aside
for the purpose of providing for the freedmen.
The amendment in the sixth scction is that the
United States shall go into these several States
and buy land for that purpose.
Mr. SUMNER. We had better adjourn.
Mr. JOHNSON. If the Senator from Mas-
sachusetts will indulge me for a few minutes,
what I have to say will be said before his din-
ner lime, and he might, therefore, be a little
patient.
The Constitution of the United States, as I
think, as it has always been interpreted, con-
tains no power to buy lands except for certain
specific purposes, for purposes connected with
the administration of the Government and the
exercise of the powers conferred upon the Gov-
ernment. You can buy land, therefore, for your
arsenals, your navy-yards, your mint, and your
banks ; but I am not aware that it ever hasbecn
before hold that it was in the power of the Uni-
ted States to buy land for any other purposes
than those which are specifically made the sub-
jects of the delegations of power to Congress.
It may be true that that objection docs not ap-
ply to the section which is now before the body,
because, as I understand it, it merely appro-
priates or sets aside certain lands already be-
longing to the United Stales for the purposes
stated in that section ; but the difficulty thai I
have as regards that is, that I do not know
where the power exists which enables us to
educate or to provide for any citizen of the
United States, white or black.
As slavery has been abolished—I suppose we-
all admit that; whether the States are in or not,
there has been a sufficient number of States ac-
quiescing in the amendment to bring about that
result—as slavery hasbecn abolished in the sev-
eral States, those who were before slaves are
now citizens of the United States, standing upon
the same condition with all who were citizens
before ; upon the same condition, therefore,
with the white citizens. If (here is an author-
ity in the Constitution to provide for the black
citizen, it cannot be because he is black ; it
must be because lie is a citizen ; and that rea-
son being equally applicable to the white man
as to the black man, it would follow that we
have the authority to clothe and educate and
provide for all citizens of the United States who
may need education and providing for. In the
beginning of the Government, as I am sure will
be in the iceollection of the Senate, it was sup-
posed by General Washington and by several
of those who succeeded him, that there was an
authority to establish a university provided it
was located here, and the authority to estab-
lish a university here was put upon the ground
that here the jurisdiction of the Co; gross of tho
United States was just, as absolute, and unlim-
ited as is the jurisdiction of the States over their
own territory; but even that was denied at that
time, and it never was exercised, and it was
denied not merely upon grounds of expediency,
| but as a question of power. But 1 ne\ or heard
I from that time until now that it was supposed
that the Congress of the United States could
