3356
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 22,
or only to those who are necessitous. I would
also inquire whether he has any data of the
latter number.
Mr. PERHAM. I say from the best data
we can procure there are living not less than
one hundred and eleven thousand of these old
soldiers. Calculating by the rule of three, tak-
ing the actual number of men' in the revolu-
tionary -war, and the number living and pen-
sioned fifty-two years after the close of the war,
and applying it to the number in the war of
1812, now just fifty-two years after its close,
there cannot be less than one hundred and
eleven thousand two hundred and ninety-five
men; and by the same calculation the number
of widows would be forty-two thousand and
eighty-one, making in all, widows and soldiers,
about one hundred and fifty-three thousand.
Mr. MILLlJft. How many are in needy
circumstances?
Mr. PERHAM. I am coming to that. It
is of course impossible to ascertain how many
■would come under the provisions of this bill.
Many of them are very aged. It is the prac-
tice of men when they get to that age to let
the property they have pass into the hands of
their children. Members can look around
where they arc acquainted and judge for them-
selves. We conclude after investigation the
number would be about two thirds.
Mr. HALE. I ask the gentleman whether,
from his observation of the effect of such a bill
giving pensions to those in indigent circum-
stances, the proportionate number of those in
indigent circumstances would not be rapidly
increased.
Mr. PERHAM. I understand that an esti-
mate was made at the Pension Bureau as to the
probable number who would receive pensions
under the act providing for pensions for revo-
lutionary soldiers, and though I- am not able to
give (he exact figures, I think it was more than
two to one. Now, it is true that in this esti-
mate we have not included sailors nor their
widows. If we are going to pension soldiers
and their widows we ought injustice also to
pension sailors and their widows. If we do
that we shall make out one hundred and fifty-
three thousand entitled to pensions. If you
place it at as low a figure as two thirds you
liave one hundred thousand in round numbers
for pensions provided by this bill. A pension
of eight dollars per month is ninety-six dollars
a year, and with the incidental expenses it
will amount to at least $100 a year. Mul-
tiply that by the whole number and you have
$10,000,000 annually. I am positive that you
cannot get along with loss than $10,000,000
as long as the present number are living. And
I will say that we go back fifteen months, so
that we will have $15,000,000 of back pensions
to pay. Hereafter you will have to pay annually
$10,000,000. Now, it is very difficult to say
how much this would amount to in the aggre-
gate. We are paying the last of the revolu-
tionary soldiers now, eighty-three years after
the close of the war.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired.
sams of marine hospitals, etc.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
take up from the Speaker's table a Senate bill
in relation to the sale of marine hospitals and
revenue-cutters.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly proceeded to the consideration of
Senate bill No. 881, to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and revenue-cutters,"' approved April
20, 180(3.
The bill was read a first and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. This bill
is for the purpose of correcting an error in a
former bill. A provision in that bill was
stricken out by the committee of conference
by mistake.
The bill was ordered to be read a third time ;
and it was accordingly read the third time and
passed.
Mr. "WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
land grants in minnesota.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public Lands
Senate bill No. 221, relating to lands granted
to the State of Minnesota to aid in the con-
struction of railroads.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever it shall appear that the United States have
sold or disposed of any lands granted to the
Territory or State of Minnesota for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of railroads, after
the passage of the act granting the same, and
after the definite location of the line of road,
and before the withdrawal of said lands from
sale at the proper local land office, said State
may by its agent select, in lieu of the lands so
sold, or disposed of, from any of the lands of
the United States subject to sale, within twenty
miles of the line of the proper road, a quantity
of land equal to that so sold or disposed of;
and the lands so selected shall be substituted
for those so sold or disposed of by the United
States, and may be disposed of by said State
in all respects as if said substituted lands had
been parcel of the original grant to the State.
It further provides that the time named in
the act granting lands to the Territory of Min-
nesota to aid in the construction of a certain
railroad "from Saint Paul and from Saint
Anthony, by the way of Minneapolis, to a con-
venient point of junction west of the Mississippi
river, to the southern boundary of the Terri-
tory," approved March 3, 1857, for the con-
struction and completion of said road, ishereby
extended for seven years from the passage of
this act.
It further provides that all the lands hereto-
fore granted to the Territory and State of Min-
nesota to aid in the construction of railroads,
shall be certified to said State by the Secretary
of the Interior, from time to time, whenever
any of said roads shall be definitely located,
and shall be disposed of by said State in the
manner and upon the conditions provided in
the particular act granting the same; provided
that when the original quantity granted to aid
in the construction of any road has been in-
creased, the quantity authorized t6 be sold from
time to time shall be increased correspondingly;
and provided further, that on the completion of
any ten miles of road the State may sell one
half the quantity of lands which said State is
authorized to dispose of on the completion of
twenty miles.
It further provides that the lands granted
specifically, lying in place, on any division of
ten miles of road shall not be disposed of until
the road shall be completed through and con-
terminous with the same.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I shall ob-
ject to that bill. It changes everything in regard
to the granting of public lands for such pur-
poses.
Mr. DONNELLY. The amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Public Lands will,
I have no doubt, cover the objections of the
gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. _ The bill
ought to be printed. It makes an entire change
in the system.
Mr. DONNELLY. The bill is already
printed. It makes no material change in the
law; it is simply a matter of detail.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I object
to it at any rate.
reorganization of tiie judiciary.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, by unanimous
consent, reported from the Committee on the
Judiciary, Senate bill No. 103, to reorganize
the judiciary of the United States, with sundry
amendments, and moved that the bill andpend-
ing amendments be printed and referred to the
Committee on the Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was recommitted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
violations 01? the test oatii.
Mr. DRIGGS, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary be
instructed to inquire into the expediency of, and if they
deem proper to report a bill, directing the judges and
attorneys of the district courts of the United States
in the States lately in rebellion to specially charge
grand juries to inquire into the faet whether there
have been any violations of the " test oath" by par-
ties appointed to and entering upon the duties of
office who have been disqualified from holding office
on account of participation in the late rebellion,
contrary to the true intent and meaning of the act
of Congress prescribing said oath.
enrolled bill and joint resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enroljed Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill and
joint resolution of the following titles; when
the Speaker signed the same:
An act (S. No. 225) for the relief of the
Amoskcag Manufacturing Company; and
Joint resolution (S. R. No. 100) for the res-
toration of Lieutenant Commander Richard L.
Law, United States Navy, to the active list from
the reserved list.
message iliOM tiie president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Cooper,
his Private Secretary.
european troops in mexico.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following, message from the President of the
United States; which was ordered to be printed,
and referred to the Committee on Foreign
Affairs:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
In further answer to recent resolutions of
the Senate and House of Representatives, re-
questing information in regard to the employ-
ment of European troops in Mexico. I trans-
mit to Congress a copy of a dispatch of the 1th
of this month, addressed to the Secretary of
State by the minister of the United States at
Paris. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, June 22, 186G.
CONSTITUTIONAL AMENDMENT.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
the following message from the President of
the United States :
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
I submit to Congress a report of the Secre-
tary of State, to whom was referred the concur-
rent resolution of the 18th instant respecting a
submission to the Legislatures of the States of
an additional article to the Constitution -of the
United States. It will be seen from this report
that the Secretary of State had, on the 16th
instant, transmitted to the Governors of the
several States certified copies of the joint res-
olution passed on the 13th instant proposing
an amendment to the Constitution.
Even in ordinary times any question of
amending the Constitution must be justly re-
garded as of paramount importance. This
importance is at the present time enhanced by
the fact that the joint resolution was not sub-
mitted by the two Houses for the approval
of the President, and that of the thirty-six
States which constitute the Union eleven are
excluded from representation in either House
of Congress, although, with the single exception
of Texas, they have been entirely restored to all
their functions as States in conformity with
the organic law of the land, and have appeared
at the national capital by Senators and Repre-
sentatives, who have applied for and have been
refused admission to the vacant seats. Nor
have the sovereign people of the nation been
afforded an opportunity of expressing their
views upon the important questions which the
