1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2397
Seward, Secretary of State, by virtue and in pursu-
ance of the second section of the act of Congress
approved the 20th of April, 1818, entitled 'An act to
provide for the publication ot the laws of the United
States, and for other purposes/ do hereby certify that
the amendment aforesaid has become valid to all
intents and purposes as a part of the Constitution of
the United States."
Thus, by the joint authority of both Congress
and the Executive, eight States that are claimed
to be out of the Union, or dead States within
the Union, from their participation iu a rebel-
lion for slavery, are finally and conclusively
recognized as constitutional Statesof the Union
for the highest of all purposes. It is a fortu-
nate and auspicious circumstance that the high-
est proof that could be offered of their legal
and constitutional status is conuected with
the strongest guarantee that could be given of
their repentance for the past and their loyalty
in the future.
I use the word " repentance" designedly.
True repentance consists not in loud-mouthed
professions. It consists in "bringing forth
fruits meet for repentance." How much the
South was chastened, humbled, and punished
by the stern hand of war, he only can esti-
mate who remembers the strange, infatuated
fondness with which her people clung to their
peculiar institution, and who appreciates the
vast amount of wealth represented by it. It. must
not be forgotten by those whose clamors for the
punishment of traitors grow incessantly louder
as the danger from treason grows less, that
in addition to the loss of the flower of the
southern manhood in battle; in addition to
the utter annihilation of the entire circulating
.medium in the pockets of these people and
of the invested wealth in their safes ; in addi-
tion to the wide-spread devastation and ruin
of a desolating war, the crowning punishment
of confiscation has already been their portion.
Emancipation was punishment to every man
who owned a slave. I have always believed
that treason was a,crime. Myself', I shrank
from it as from pollution, until the time came
to close with it in a death-grapple. For the
leaders of rebellion, those who fired the south-
ern heart and precipitated revolution, I have
no sympathy, even now, in their disgrace. I
have believed that treason ought to be pun-
ished, and I believe that it has been punished.
If there be those who still thirst for vengeance,
there may be exceptions, but I believe that they
belong principally to that class of patriots who,
in the words of General Sherman, "shun the
fight and the march, and are loudest, bravest,
and fiercest, when danger is past."
In the view which I have taken of the great,
constitutional amendment, abolishing slavery,
it appears in a fourfold aspect:
1. As a surrender of the cause of the war.
2. As a pledge of sincerity in accepting the
result of the war.
3. As a guarantee of future loyalty.
4. As a punishment for treason, by confisca-
tion.
Is anything else wanted to pacify the coun-
try, restore the Union, close up our ranks, and
march with solid, unbroken frflnt against im-
perialism in America and despotism through-
out the world? Is anything else to be done
before confidence can be restored at home,
trade, revived, finances strengthened, currency
settled, and resources developed ?
The freedmen must be eared for and pro-
tected in their rights. I admit, the necessity.
It is already provided for. Under t,lie second
section of the amendment Congress has all
necessary power over the subject. With the
learned gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham;]
I had constitutional scruples about the civil
rights bill which I could not overcome even for
the pleasure of reversing a. veto. But that bill
is now a law ; it will probably be several years
before it is judicially negatived; in the mean
time the freedmen under its operation are
secure, and the public sentiment around them
will gradually make all special legislation un-
necessary.
Is anything else demanded? " Traitors must
be kept from ruling the country they strove to
ruin." " Loyal men must govern a preserved
republic." That is my belief. That exigency
also has been foreseen and provided for. You
have a test oath searching and stringent enough
to satisfy the most exacting. Under it no traitor
can enter Congress or hold a Federal office. I
ask you now to administer that oath to Maynard
and Stokes and Cooper, and to other brave and
loyal Representatives from Tennessee. I ask
for the immediate and unconditional admis-
sion of the Tennessee delegation on the floor
of this House upon an equal footing with those
of us who come from other loyal States. It is
too late to argue the claims of that State. The
whole country knows them by heart. During
a great portion of the war Tennessee was act-
ually represented in Congress; in this House
by Maynard, in the Senate by Andrew Johnson,
the seraph Abdiel of the great rebellion :
"Faithful found
Among thefaitliless, faithful only he;
Among innumerable.taJs'C, unmoved,
Unshaken, unseduced.unterrificd.
His loyalty he kept, his love, his zeal.''
All the evidence taken by the joint commit-
tee on reconstruction concurs in the propriety
of the prompt admission of her repret; nta-
tives to prevent the warm and glowing loyalty
of her people from being chilled, as the loyalty
of any people would be, by a persistent and
contemptuous ostracism.
General Fisk, the commissioner of the Freed-
men's Bureau for Tennessee and Kentucky,
headquarters at Nashville, Tennessee, testifies
as follows:
"Tennessee abolished slavery by her own action:
she elected a Governor by the people: she repudi-
ated the rebel debt: she ratified the constitutional
amendment abolishing slavery, and did all that with-
out executive indication or inauguration. Tennes-
see furnished thousands for thedcfcuse of the Union.
AH this is to her advantage, and were I a memberof
the Senate or House of Representatives of Congress
I would \oteinost cheerfully to admit the delegation
from Tennessee, believing that in to doing I would
be taking a ?tep that would increase the loyal senti-
ment of the State, and which would promote the tran-
quillity and piosperity of the State."
The testimony of General George H. Thomas
is equally emphatic upon this point-; and, in
fact, there is but one opinion among all ac
quainted with the actual condition of the peo-
ple of-that State. Why not, then, admit the
Tennessee delegation? Is anything else de-
manded?
Mr. Speaker, I had hoped that, the joint
committee of fifteen, composed as it is of gen-
tlemen of chaiactcr, experience, and ability,
would have given us, as the result, of their
protracted labors, some proposition on which
all loyal men might, unite. 1 did hope in the
beginning that within a week after their organ-
ization. at. least, when Congress reassembled
in January, they would report, in favor of the
immediate admission of the representatives
of Tennessee. I believe that a majority of the
House were prepared to admit those Repre-
sentatives on any day when the question could
be fairly got. before them. Their admission
has been delayed, and now, under the opera-
tion of the reconstruction programme recently
reported from that committee, it appears that
the State of Tennessee is to be indefinitely
excluded from the Union. I say indefinitely,
because her admission is made to depend upon
the ratification by three fourths of the States of
a series of constitutional amendments, which
three fourths of all the States will never rat-
ify. It is not enough that Tennessee herself
ratifies the amendment. That does not entitle
her, by this scheme, to the recognition of Con-
gress. If the real intention had been to en-
courage southern loyalty by discriminating in
its favor, the plan would have recognized States
as they successively wheeled into line upon the
platform.
Not only are these States to be excluded
until every one of these amendments shall have
become part of the Constitution, but each is
required, by the third section of the amend-
ment, to disfranchise nearly the whole of its
voting population. Disfranchisement is a war
measure, and in time of rebellion is almost as
necessary a means of defense as an army. It
is altogether unsuited to a condition of peace,
and, in fact, there can be no real peace in any
community where such a proscriptive policy is
long persisted in. It is unfortunately true that
in most of these States the mass of the popula-
tion^ '' adhered to the late insurrection, giv-
ingit aid and comfort." Whether "volun-
tarily' ' or not would be, in the majority of cases,
a nice question of casuistry. After the tri-
umphant suppression of a revolt it is not. wise
or statesmanlike to go back for a minute in-
quisition into past offenses and canvass calmly
and leisurely the by-gone effervescences of
fierce excitement. "Let the dead past bury
its dead." There are doubtless at the South
inveterate, malignant, bitter, revengeful rebels.
There are men there who, if tried for treason,
lawfully convicted, and sentenced to be hung,
could not succeed in getting even my signature
to an application for executive clemency. Such
men are a curse to any country. Such men
brought on the rebellion, and such men are
to-day doing the South more harm by their
loud-mouthed ranting and offensive demonstra-
tions than all the radicals in the country. I
believe such cases to be moire numerous in
Maryland and the other border States than in
the confederacy itself. I believe such cases to
be less numerous in the late rebel army than in
the groat army of "sympathizers,'' marching
like Noah's animals into the ark, male and
female. On that side, as on ours, there is a
class whom General Sherman's description
was made to fit, " A class who shun the march
and the fight, and are loudest, bravest, and
fiercest when danger is past." Such men.
though few in number and contemptible in
power, attract attention from the noise they
make. One grasshopper makes more noise in
a field than a herd of cattle. As a question
of propriety, I should like to see such men
suppressed ; by disfranchisement if that would
get rid of them.
But, unfortunately, no practicable test can
be found to discriminate such men from others
whom it is not politic nor right to proscribe.
I refer to men "who did go into rebellion,
but. who, having taken the amnesty oath, mean
in good faith to keep it." Such men are loyal
men, and loyal men ought to participate in the
government, of the country. Sir, I know men
who have done, and are now doing, yeoman
service in the Union cause who could not liter-
ally swear that they had never "voluntarily
adhered to the late insurrection, giving it aid
and com fort.'' Are such men to he now kicked
out into the limbo of traitors? God forbid!
Let us rather take them by the hand and en-
courage them to persevere. Likely as not,
they will one day get far beyond us in the prog-
ress of loyalty, and turn back to reproach us
for our want of zeal I No, sir, you will have
to abandon this sweeping indiscriminate pro-
scription of a whole population, that is, if you
are in earnest when you say "it is expedient
that, the States lately in insurrection should at
the earliest day consistent with the future peace
and safety of the Union be restored to full par-
ticipation in all political rights." _ If you are
not. in earnest, but only want an issue to dis-
turb the minds of the people of the North by
telling them from the stump frightful stories
about the people of the South to prevent their
participation in the next presidential election,
and thus "to secure the Republican ascend-
ency;" why then keep it. in, and let an intelli-
gent people decide the issue.
The first section of the proposed amendment,
is as follows:
No State shall make or enforce any law which
shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens
of the United States; nor shall any State deprive any
person of life, liberty, or property without due pi;o-
eess of law. nor deny to an'y person within its juris-
diction the equal protection of the laws.
By the fifth section—
The Congress shall have power to enforce, by ap-
propriate legislation, the provisions ot this article.
And by the bill accompanying the proposed
