1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3357
amendment involves. Grave doubts, therefore,
may naturally and justly arise as to whether
the action of Congress is in harmony with the
sentiments of the people, and whether State
Legislatures, elected without reference to such
an issue, should be called upon by Congress
to decide respecting the ratification of the pro-
posed amendment.
Waiving the question as to the constitutional
validity of the proceedings of Congress upon
the joint resolution proposing the amendment,
or as to the merits of the article which it sub-
mits through the executive department to the
Legislatures of the States, 1 deem it proper to
observe that the stops taken by the Secretary
of State, as detailed in the accompanying re-
port, are to be considered as purely ministerial,
and in no sense whatever committing the Ex-
ecutive to an approval or a recommendation
of the amendment to the State Legislatures or
to the people. On the contrary, a proper ap-
preciation of the letter and spirit of the Con-
stitution, as well as of the interests of national
order, harmony, and union, and a due defer-
ence for an enlightened public judgment, may
at this time well suggest a doubt whethm' any
amendment to the Constitution ought to be
proposed by Congress and pressed upon the
Legislatures of the several States for final de-
cision until after the admission of such loyal
Senators and Representatives of the now un-
represented States as have been; or as may
hereafter be, chosen in conformity with the
Constitution and laws of the United States.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, D. C., June 22, 18(Ki.
To the President:
The Secretary of State, to whom was referred the
concurrent resolution of the two Houses of Congress
of the 18th instant, in the following words.—" that
the President of the United States be requeued to
tiansmit (oitbwithto the Executive* of tlieM'Yci.il
States of the United States copies of the article of
amendment proposed by Congress to the State Legis-
latures, to amend the Constitution ot the Uniled
States, passed J une respectingeitrzcn.-'hip, the
basis ot representation, disqualilieal ion tor ofliee, and
validity of the public debt of the Uniled Slates, A:e.,
• to the end that the &aid States, may proceed to act
upon the said article of amendment, aud that he re-
quest the Executive of each State that may ratiiysaid
amendment to transmit to the Secretary of State a
certified copy of such ratification"—haa the honor to
submit the following report, namely, that on the
10th instant, Hon. Amasa Cobb, of the Committee
of the House of Representatives on Enrolled liilln,
brought to this Department and deposited i herein,
an enrolled resolution of the two Houses oi Congress
■which was thereupon received by the Secretary ot
State and deposited among the roils of the depart-
ment, a copy of which is hereunto annexed.
Thereupon the Secretary of State, 011 the 16th in-
stant, in conformity with the proceeding which was
adopted by him in 18l>5, in regard to the then pj oposed
and afterwaid adopted congressional amendment of
the Constitution ot the United States, concerning the
prohibition of slavery, transmitted eertiliod copies
of the annexed resolution to the Governors of the
several States together with a certificate and cneular
letter. A copy of both of these communications is
hereunto annexed.
Respectfully submitted,
WILLIAM II. SEWARD.
Department of State,
Washington, June 20,1806.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I move that the
message be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and on that I demand
the previous question.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to move to print fifty
thousand extra copies.
The SPEAKER. That motion will be in
order after the question is taken on the motion
to simply print and refer.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a question of
order, whether that paper should not go to the
joint committee 011 reconstruction. It has ref-
erence to the representation from the southern
States, and if the purpose is to bury it that is
the best place to bury it.
The SPEAKER. The point of order is
made too late.
Mr. BANKS. It strikes me that this is in
the nature of a reply to the work of the com-
mittee on reconstruction, and therefore 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Debate is not in
order.
The question being put on the motion to i
print and refer, there were—ayes fifty. |
Before the result was announced, j
Mr. HANDING, of Kentucky, inquired if ,
it was in order to have a division of the ques- '
tion. ;
The SPEAKER. It is too late now. If ,
the gentleman rose before a division had com- .
menced the Chair would entertain the motion.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I did not. ;
Mr. ELDRIDGE. If the motion does not ;
prevail, will the motion to print fifty thousand ;
be in order? \
The SPEAKER. A motion to print an 1
extra number of copies would go to the Coin- j
mittee on Printing under the law. !
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to make
a suggestion.
Mi*. ELDRIDGE. I hope the motion to
print will be separated from the motion to refer
to the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of iowa. I submitted the '
motion to refer to the Committee on the Ju- >
dieiary because 1 thought at the moment that j
that was the proper committee. No member of ;
the joint committee on reconstruction seemed j
to consider that it should go to that committee >
until the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. j
B.vnk^] suggested it. I now understand that
some of the members of that eommitiee think
it should be referred to them, and lam inclined
to think, upon reflection, that it is the proper
committee to which to refer it.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is of opinion
that it is the proper committee, and had the
point of order been raised in time, the Chair
would have so ruled.
Mr. WILSON, oi iowa. 1 ask unanimous
consent to modify my motion, and move that
the message and accompanying documents, if
any, be printed and referred to the joint eom-
mitlee on leeonstruelion.
No objection was made, and (lie motion was
agreed to.
Mr. FINCK moved that fifty thousand extra
copies of the message and documents be printed
for the use of members.
The motion went to the Committee on Print-
ing under the law.
LKAVH OK AlISKNCK.
Mr. GARFIELD asked and obtained leave
of absence for himself for one week from to-
day.
INDTW Al'PROPItfATION 1III,],.
Mr. KASSON. I move (hat the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into Committee of ihe. Whole on the slate of
the Union for the purpose of considering the
special order, being tho Indian appropriation
bill.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and Ihe House
accordingly resolved itself inlo Ihe Committee
of the Whole on the slate of the Union, (Mr.
Raxi>au„ of Pennsylvania, in tli<• chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being House bill No. :387. making ap-
propriations for the current and contingent
expenses of the Indian department, and for
fullilliug treaty si ipulations with various Indian
tribes for the year ending :>(Jth June, 18(17.
By unanimous consent the first reading of
the bill was dispensed with.
The Clerk proceeded to lead the bill by
clauses for amendment.
Mr. KASSON. 1 move to amend the clause
under the head of '• Cliippewas, Pillager, and
LakeWinnebagoshish bands,'' which now reads
•''for pay of an engineer to grisi aud saw mill
at Leech Lake, SUOU," by inserting after the ,
words "Leech Lake1' the words "per third
article of treaty of 'lid of February,
The amendment was agreed to. |
Mr. KASSON. I also move to amend the
clause in relation to the Delaware's. which now j
reads, "for interest on $UG,H0O at five per !
cent., being the value of thirty-six sections of i
land set apart by treaty of 18li'J for education, j
$2,304," by inserting after the word " educa- i
tion" the words "per Senate resolution of
January 19, 1888, and fifth article of treaty of
May 6, 1850."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. 1 also move to ameiul the
clause in relation to the lowas, which now
reads, '• for interest in lieu of investment on
So",500, balance of $157,500, to the 1st of
•July, LSdfi, at live per cent, per annum, for
education or other beneficial purposes, under
the direction of the President, $2,875,'' by
inserting after the word " President" the words
" per second article treaty Octobcr 19, 1838,
and ninth article treat}' May 17, 1854."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I also move to amend the
clause under head of "Kansas,*5 which now
reads, '''for interest in lieu of investment on
$200,000 at five per cent, per annum, $10,-
000,'' by inserting after "per annum" "per
second article treaty January 14, 1810."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON". I also move to amend the
first clause under the head of "Kickapoos,"
which now reads, "for fourteenth installment
of interest, at five per cent, on $100,000 for
educational and other beneficial purposes,
$5,000," by inserting after the word "pur-
poses" the words " per second article treaty
May 18, 185-1."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. I also move to amend the
second clause under the head of " Menom-
onecs," which now reads, "for first of fifteen
installments of annuity upon £'2i!2,08(> for ces-
sion of lands, Sin, 17^,01)^," by inserting after
the word "lands" the words "per third arti-
cle treaty May 12, 18">4, and Senate amend-
ments thereto j" and atao by htiiking- out the
words " and two eighths."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WINDOM. I ask unanimous consent
of the committee to go back to ihe clauses under
the head of " Chippewas of Lake Superior.'J
No objection was made.
Mr. WINDOM. I move the following as
additional clauses lo come in under the head
of "Cliippewas of Lake Supeiior:'*
For (his amount, to pay the salary and incidental
pvnof a. phyouuim for tho Chippewa Indian,-: of
Lake Superior for the fiscal year ending June 30,18G7,
¥ 1.000.
Poi i hi1-) unit>unl, lo purchase medicines Pxr I he Mck
of «aid Indiana for tho fiscal year ending June 30,
1807, $~>UU.
This amendment was prepared by the Com-
missioner of Indian Alfairs and transmitted to
me with the request that I would oflbr it as an
amendment to this bill. I have here a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Interior,
and one from the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, stating that there is no fund for the
payment of a physician for these Indians, and
the funds of these Indians are not sufiicient for
that purpose.
Mr. KASSON. Let the letters be read. The
Committee on Appropriations have no iufor-
lnnfion on the subject.
The Clerk read as follows:
Dftaktmext of the Interior,
Washington, 1>. C., A/ay16, I860.
Rir: I have the honorto reriuestthcfavorablecon-
sideration of your committee upon the inclosed esti-
mate of appropriation for the payment of the sahuy
and inc identnl expense-* of a phy^u-ian ioi the Chip-
pewa Lndians of bake Superior, and the purchase of
medicines for Ihe sick oi said Indian?, amounting:to
$i,f>00 for the fiscnl year ending June oO, 1807. Fop
vounn formation 1 transmit herewith copy of a. report
of the OommisMOiiLr of Indian Affairs upon the .sub-
Very respectfully, your obedient, servant,
JAMKS lfAKLAN, SeereKmj.
Hon. William Windom, Chairman Commit tec oil In-
Jiaii Atfoirs, House of IteprwuiUvtioes.
Dnr un'.vrnxt of Tin: Intiuuor,
Office 1xi>i\x Affurs.
Washington, I). AprdVb, 18oG.
Sir: I have the honor to transmit herewith a copy
of a letter hom L. 13. Webb, i^q., a sent for the Chip-
pewa« of Lake Superior, setting forth that th^rcare
no funds applicable to the payment of a physician
for those Indians, that their annuities are so limited
that they cannot nay one themselves, that there is a
necessity for a physician among them, there being
