2398
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amendment, entitled "A bill to provide for the
restoration of tlie States lately in insurrection
to their full political rights," it is required, as
a condition-precedent to the admission into
Congress of the Senators and Representatives
from such State, that it shall have modified its
constitution and laws in conformity with the
amendments.
By "citizensofthe United States'" aremeant
persons of color, they being declared such by
act of Congress, lhe "privileges or immuni-
ties" of citizens are such as Congress may by
law ascertain and define. I presume it will not
be denied that under this amendment, ifadopted,
it would be for Congress to define and determine
by law in what the "privileges and immuni-
ties;' of citizens of the United States consist,
in like manner as Congress has already, under
the constitutional amendment abolishing sla-
very and conferring the power to enforce its
abolition by appropriate legislation, determined
that the emancipated blacks are "citizens of
the United States," and defined in what their
civil rights as such citizens consist.
An act of Congress to define the privileges
and immunities of citizens could and doubtless
would be made to include the privileges of
voting, serving upon juries, and of holding
office. those privileges must, then, be incor-
porated into the constitution and laws of each
of the States excluded before they have com-
plied with the terms prescribed. Civil rights
are limited to suing and testifying in courts,
and being amenable to the same punishments
as other citizens. "Privileges and immuni-
ties are a much broader and more compre-
hensive term, and may, by definition, include
suffrage, jury duty, and eligibility to office. ■
It might, indeed, be argued that even in the
absence of a declaratory law, these franchises
are necessarily conferred upon all "citizens of
the United States ' by the simple terms of the
amendment itself. With suoh a law, negro
suffrage and eligibility is at once enforced over
the whole country ; in the excluded States bv
virtue of the provision requiring them to mod-
jfy then constitution s.nd luws jis condition-
precedent to representation ; in the loyal States
by virtue of the provision giving Congress
power to enforce the provisions referred to by
appropriate legislation.
It is no recommendation to me that this covert
introduction of negro suffrage is so artfully
framed as almost to escape observation and
avoid odium. I would much rather vote for
a direct, honest, manly proposition that all men
could understand at once, than for an equivo-
cal process accomplishing the same result by
machinery. If it is wise, statesmanlike, patri-
otic, or proper to take from the States the qual-
ifications of voters, and to enforce at this time
over the length and breadth of the land uni-
versal negro suffrage and eligibility, then, sir,
let us make the issue visible and" face it like
men.
The second and fourth sections relate to the
basis of representation and the repudiation of
the rebel debt and of claims for emancipated
slaves.
Ihat relating to the basis of representation
is founded_ upon a correct principle, and if
submitted in connection with <l proposition
looking to the immediate and unconditional
admission of the representation of Tennessee
and Arkansas would probably remove all diffi-
culty. No special objection would be made to
the fourth section, although I regard it as wholly
unnecessary. The idea that under any combi-
nation of parties in the future this Congress
would ever entertain a proposition to pay the
rebel debt or compensate the owners of eman-
cipated slaves is too trifling to govern the action
of statesmen. As for the individual States,
they have all, or nearly all, incorporated such a
provision m their constitutions, and if they had
not they are not able by any process to escape
the pay ment, of their proportion of the national
debt. I he collection laws of the Government
operate directly upon individuals and upon
property in all the States. It will be as much
May 5,
as the people of those States can do for many
years to pay their share of the Federal taxes,
and the danger of their assuming the debt of
the exploded confederacy or the payment of
claims for emancipated slaves is, in my judg-
ment, wholly imaginary.
_ A few words with respect to the present con-
dition and future prospects of the southern
States generally, and I have done.
As to the disposition of the people of these
States, there are two lights to guide us to a
judgment. One is by way of inference or logi-
cal deduction from the necessities of their situa-
tion; the other is positive testimony. After
all is said about rebels that can be said, they
are but human beings governed by like motives
and actuated Ijy self-interest with other mortals.
Obviously this interest prompts them to renew
and strengthen their allegiance to the Govern-
ment. The surrender of slavery has left them
without a motive for rebellion. Loyalty, which
means habitual obedience to law, is man's
normal condition in ■ society. These people
must necessarily settle into that condition, if
not prevented by maladministration. Their
strongest desire now is naturally to be com-
pletely restored to the full enjoyment of their
political privileges as members of the Union.
This desire has increased with the difficulties
thrown in their way. I was not of those who
wished to see the Representatives elected from
these States resuming their seats in this Hall
on the first day of thesession although nothing
had happened. I was perfectly willing to have
them subjected to an ordeal of reasonable delav.
one result of which would be to increase their
appreciation of the privilege they sought. It is
their interest now to overthrow the dogma of
secession, since a legitimate application of it
results in fixing their status as aliens and sub-
jugated. The only interest they ever had in
upholding it was as a means of protecting, in
the last, resort, t.heir peculiar institution. They
will gradually, but surely.become fixed in sound
principles of constitutional construction, from
the very necessities of the situation.
It seemed at one time absurd to suppose that
the present generation could ever form a sin-
cere attachment, to the Federal Government, or
any department of it. And yet the forgiving
disposition manifested by our lamented Pres-
ident Lincoln caused the death of him whom
they had loathed to be sincerely mourned as a
calamity to the South. The unexpected clem-
ency exhibited by President Johnson, compelled
by the exigencies of his great office and the
moderate counsels of Mr. Lincoln's Cabinet,
to leave harsh and vindictive utterances, hot
from the boiling caldron of civil war, unreal-
ized in time of peace, soon won for the execu-
tive department of the Government the confi-
dence and even affection of the majority of the
southern masses. Their interest in the legis-
lative branch of the Government will return at,
once with their admission to a participation
in it.
After a careful and anxious survey of the sit-
uation, made under an awful sense of respon-
sibility to my country and to history, with no
personal predilection or private interest that I
am aware of to warp my judgment, toward the
conclusion it has reached, but with prejudices
and interests all bearing in an opposite direc-
tion, I am constrained to believe that all further
guarantees, bywayofconstitutional amendment
or otherwise, as conditions-precedent to a cau-
tious and discriminating admission of loyal
Representatives from States and districts whose
inhabitants have been in insurrection, but who
now present themselves in an attitude of loy-
alty and harmony, are unnecessary, impolitic,
unstatesmanlike, and prejudicial to the peace
and welfare of the country. The guarantees
we have, and which I deem sufficient,, are:
1. The constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery and conferring upon Congress ample
power to enforce it,; and
2. A loyal army of one million fighting men,
just as determined to stamp out treason should
it dare to show itself in the future, as they have
proved themselves able to deal with it in the
past.
The direct testimony as to the actual condi-
tion of the southern people is of course con-
flicting. I have, however, seen nothing which
has materially shaken my confidence in the
evidence of Lieutenant General Grant. His
opportunities for observation have been ample,
his judgment is not biased by partisanship, his
sound common sense, his knowledge of human
nature, his keen penetration and almost intui-
tive discernment of character are the most
solid pillars upon which his great reputation
rests.
His testimony is substantially corroborated
by that of Major General Sheridan, furnished
at a later period. General Grant testifies as
follows:
"I am satisfied that the mass of thinking men of the
South accept thepresent situation of affairs in good
faith. The questions which havo heretofore dividod
the sentiment of the people of the two sections—
slavery and State rights, or the right of a State to
secede from the Union—they regard as having been
settled forever by the highest tribunal—arms—that
man can resort, to. I was pleased to learn from the
leading men whom I met that they not only accepted
the decision arrived at as final, but, now that the
smoke of battle has cleared away and time has been
given for reflection, that this decision has been a
fortunate one for the whole country, they receiving
like benefits from it with those who opposed them
in the field and in council.
" Four years of war. during which law was executed
only at, the point of the bayonet throughout the States
in rebellion, have left the people possibly in a condi-
tion not to yield that ready obedience to civil au-
thority the American people have generally been in
the habit of yielding. This would render the pres-
ence of small garrisons throughout these States ne-
cessary until such time as labor returns to its proper
channel, and civil authority is fully established. -I
did not meet any one. either those holding places
under the Government or citizens of the southern
States, who think it practicable to withdraw the mil-
itary from the South.at. present. The white and tho
black mutually require the protection of the General
Government.
"There is such universal acquiescence in the author-
ity of the General Government, throughout the por-
tions of the country visited by me that the mere
presence of a. military force."without regard to num-
bers, is sufficient to maintain order. The good of the
country and economy require that, the force kept, in
the interior, where there are many freedmen. (else-
where in the southern States than at forts upon the
sea-coast no force is necessary,) should all be white
troops. The reasons for this are obvious without
mentioning many of them. The presence of black
troops, lately slaves, demoralizes labor, bothbytlieir
advice and by furnishing in their camps a, resort for
thetreedmen forlongdistancesarourtd. Whitetroops
generally excite no opposition, and therefore a sma.!l
number of them can maintain order in a given dis-
trict. Colored troops must be kept in bodies suf-
ficient, to defend themselves. It is not the thinking
men who would use violence toward any class of
troops sent among them by the General Government,
but the ignorant in some places might; and the late
slave seems to be imbued with the idea that the
property of his late master should, by right, belong
to him,or at leastshould haveno protection from the
colored soldier. There is danger of collisions being
brought, on by such causes.
.''My observations lead me to the conclusion that the
citizens of the southern States are anxious to return
to self-government, within the Union as soon as pos-
sible: that while reconstructing they want and re-
quire protection from theGovernmcnt; that they are
in earnestinwishingtodowhattbeythink isrequired
by the Government, not, humiliating to them as cit-
izens, and lfsueb a course were pointed out they would
pursue it, in good faith. It is to be regret ted that, there
cannot bea greatercomminglingatthis time between
tbecitizens of tnetwosections, and particularly with
those intrusted with the law-making power."
Mr. Speaker, it is not well that the people
should be deceived in this matter, nor can they
be. The question is simply one of union or
disunion. Let the issue be frankly made and'
squarely met. Let the great contest be made
under no doubtful colors, with trumpets sound-
ing no uncertain sound, and may God defend
the right 1
For myself, I wish no new war-cry. I want, to
See no new motto emblazoned upon the victori-
ous flag of my country. I will recognize none
that has not been with it under fire. "Liberty
and Union! " words embroidered there by the
eloquence of Webster, are still proudly borne
upon its folds. Let them remain therp, with
all the added signifiance that the great war for
liberty and Union has imparted ; with univer-
sal liberty achieved for all the inhabitants of
the land, and Union, unconditional Union, t.he
determined aim of all who rally around it.
