1438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
the colored population, if thereby the present
generation could be excluded from disabilities
and enabled to become citizens, to be Ameri-
cans again. It may be that the South will hail
this proposition with joy. If so I am confident
that the North would gladly accept it. If the
South adopt it, it will prevent all further agi-
tation of this most embarrassing question; but
if yon force it without the consent of the peo-
ple, if there is an attempt by faction to rule in
the matter, it may prove disastrous. If there
is no middle ground of pacification it seems to
me that civil war is almost inevitable before the
whole matter shall be closed up. Before we
resort to any coercive means, to anything that
may drench this country again in fraternal blood,
I am desirous that this proposition, which I be-
lieve to embody the opinion of a majority of
Congress, shall go to the southern States and
be ratified or rejected by them. The proposi-
tion to them is certainly a very liberal one. It
proposes to relieve them of all the pains and
penalties incurred by tliem in consequence of
their treason, and if they cheerfully adopt it,
tlicy can regulate their elective franchise so as
not to impair their free institutions. I have
assurances from which I believe the South will
adopt it. I find it is in accord with the repeated
sentiments of the press of the North. 1 read
an extract from Mr. Greeley's paper, the Trib-
une, the other day. 1 will again read it:
" Lot it be distinctly understood if the whites of the
South are not represented in Congress it is because
they deny the right of representation or power of
self-iJroteetiou to the blacks,"
I say they have not had an opportunity to
say whether they would or would net deny
those rights; that the opportunity has never
been extended to them; that the letter of the
President which proposed substantially these
terms did not reach them; that the people
have never had an opportunity to vote upon
them. The Tribune goes on:
" Show us a single State which admits her blacks to
vote on a like_ intellectual, educational, moral, and
pecuniary ba^is with the whites, and we will ur?o the
instant admission of the choscn Representatives of
that State, though they be all ex-rebel generals of the
most obnoxious type."
With this explanation, stating again that I do
not attempt to give any opinion or commit my-
self at all on the question of negro suffrage, in-
troducing this resolution simply to submit what
I believe to be the opinion of the majority of
Congress voluntarily to the South, disclaiming
in the resolution itself any idea of coercion,
but simply wishing to submit it in order to
avoid angry discussion here, and then to wait
until there has been action there upon it;
simply offering it for sucli a purpose, I move
its reference to the committee on reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. WILLIAMS. With the permission of
the Senator I would like to ask him whether,
if the committee of fifteen should report a plan
of reconstruction embodying the proposition
contained in this resolution,"he would support
and vote tor that plan, and if he proposes to
oppose any representation by the rebel States
in Congress until that plan is adopted by those
States, in case it should be submitted by Con-
gr ess.
Mr. STEWART. I propose to pass it and
submit it to the States, and neither to oppose
nor to ask representation for them, leaving the
matter to stand until they have hail an oppor-
tunity to vote on it. I propose to vote for it
myself. T never offer a proposition that I do
not propose to support. I propose to vote for
the proposition, and then await the action of
the South.
Mr. CONNESS. I rise to inquire whether
it is not a stretch of liberality on the part of the
. honorable Senator from Nevada to expect, the
committee of fifteen to sustain his proposition
when he refuses to sustain any proposition
that comes from the committee of fifteen.
Mr. STEWART. May I reply to that?
Mr. CONNESS. 1 ask the question.
_ Mr. STEWART. It may be a stretch of
liberality on the part of any gentleman to have
views of his own; but if that be the case I shall
always stretch my liberality. I simply submit
this proposition.- If Congrcssdo not adopt it
I shall not feel that I am _ particularly respon-
sible for their action; I simply submit it to
them. Other gentlemen have sent propositions
to that committee, and it has not been inquired
whether it was a stretch of liberality or not. I
supposed it was a privilege we had, to submit
our propositions and compare ideas. Of course
I only submit it as a proposition to Congress,
believing it to be the reflex of the sentiment
that has already been expressed.
Mr. SUMNER. I merely wish to make one
remark. I welcome in the Senator from Ne-
vada a new convert to the necessity of colored
suffrage. Already repeatedly on this floor
during the present session I have said that
colored suffrage was the only guarantee of fu-
ture peace and security in this country. I have
insisted that it was a necessity; that without it
your national debt is in peril; without it your
f'reedmen will be in constant peril and this Re-
public cannot enjoy permanent peace. Sir,
I welcome with open arms the Senator from
Nevada.
Leave was granted to introduce the joint
resolution, and it was read twice by its title.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Believing that this is
a proposition which no State ought to accept
or will accept, I move to lay it upon the table.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I desire simply to say that
I thank the Senator from Nevada for offering
this proposition. I have no doubt it will re-
ceive the serious consideration of the commit-
tee to which he proposes to refer it, of the
Senate, and of the country. I am for one, and
I believe the country are, willing to settle this
whole question on the basis of universal lib-
erty, universal justice, universal suffrage, and
universal amnesty.
Mr. STEWART. I would like to have the
resolution printed before it- is referred.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am under some ob-
ligations to the Senator from Nevada also, and
I desire to express them. The Senator from
Nevada reads a telegraphic communication from
the President, dated last August, to Governor
Sharkey of Mississippi, urging upon him to have
the Mississippi convention adopt or to ingraft
upon the constitution of Mississippi the princi-
ple of negro suffi age. I will state that last, Octo-
ber, when I was in this city, the communication
was laid before me by the President, and I was
authorized by the President to say in a public
speech before the people of Missouri that such
were his views. 1 was not authorized to pub-
lish the telegram itself as directed to Governor
Sharkey. 1 did not do so, but! did state that
the President in a private conversation with
me, and that I was authorized so to say, ex-
pressed himself in favor of negro suffrage, and
in a speech at my town in Missouri I stated the
precise views of the President as they are now
stated before the Senate this morning. The
newspaper press all over the country has de-
nounced that statement to be false. The press
of my State not agreeing with me in sentiment
has been very free in its abuse and declarations
of the falsehood of that statement; that the
President was not in favor of negro suffrage ;
that he had never so expressed himself. Now,
I suppose that the Senator from Nevada has it
from the President himself.
Mr. STEWART. From Governor Sharkey.
Mr. HENDERSON. I am under very great
obligations to the Senator from Nevada for
putting before the country a corroboration of
what I have said. I have been left almost
without proof of the fact until this morning. It
is now established that this is a genuine docu-
ment, and that the President, even as early as
last August, was in favor of negro suffrage; and
I presume that he is yet in favor of negro suf-
frage. If I am a radical for being in favor of
negro suffrage, the President is equally a radi-
cal ; and I presume that the President will not
see fit to change his opinion. I desire that it
shall bo distinctly known to the country that
if the majority in this body and in the 'lower
House are to be denounced as radicals and as
Jacobins throughout the country, the President
should be placed in the same category; that if
it be radicalism to be in favor of negro suf-
frage, the President is the first and original
radical upon the subject, of negro suffrage in his
reconstruction. lie urged it upon his own
governors and upon the States.
Mr. YATES. I simply wish to say that I
am not surprised that any gentleman should
find out that free citizens in this country are
entitled to suffrage. They will find it out very
soon.
The joint resolution was referred to the com-
mittee on reconstruction, and ordered to be
printed.
MESSAGE FKOM ffllE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPheeson, its Clerk, announced
that, the House of Representatives had passed
the bill of the Senate (S. No. SO) quieting doubts
in relation to the validity of certain locations
of lands in the State of Missouri, made by vir-
tue of certificates issued under the act of Con-
gress of February 17,1815, with an amendment
in which it requested the concurrence of the
Senate.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 15) authorizing document-
ary evidence of titles to be furnished to the
owners of certain lands in the city of St. Louis;
A bill (H. R. No. 1-15) granting land to A.
M. Jess, of Josephine county, Oregon;
A bill (H. R. No. 160) for the relief of the
administrators and securities of Almon W. Bab-
bitt, late secretary of Utah ;
A bill (II. R. No. 3G1) to confirm unto Au-
gustin Amiot, his legal assigns and representa-
tives, a certain lot of ground in the city of St.
Louis, in the State of Missouri; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 67) providing
for the reappraisement of the lands described
in an act for the relief of William Sawyer and
others, of Ohio.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following bills; which thereupon
received the signature of the President pro
tempore:
A bill (S. No. 01) to protect all persons in
the United States in their civil rights and fur-
nish the means of, their vindication ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 5558) to amend an act to
extend the charter of the president and direct-
ors of the Firemen's Insurance Company of
Washington and Georgetown, in the District
of Columbia.
LIST OF PRIVATE CLAIMS.
Mr. WADE. I submit the following res-
olution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Seriate be di-
rected to cause the alphabetical list of private claima
extendins to the end of tho Thirtieth Congress to ha
continued down to tho close of the last Congress, and
printed for the use of the Senate.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. WADE. I have offered this resolution,
because while I served on the Committee on
Claims for several years, in consequence of this
index not being continued I recollect it hap-
pened in two instances that claims that had
been settled and adjusted years before eame
again before Congress. In one case a bill
passed Congress giving something like $25,000
to the administrators and representatives of
a man who had long before that received his
pay; and we just found it out in time to repeal
the law. It is difficult to ascertain whether a
claim has been adjusted or not unless you have
some index or some landmark to which you
can resort to ascertain; and it occurred to me
that it would cost but little to continue this
index; and it ought to be brought up. It was
the policy of the Government up to 1849, I
believe, when it was discontinued. Tinat is all
I have to say.
