374
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
Mr. JOHNSON, I am sure the honorable
member did not suppose that I called in ques-
tion the fact that he had received information
of that sort; but the information at last, if I un-
derstand it,.is, that so far as particular cases are
concerned, there were two or three instances of
horrible barbarity, followed by murder.
Mr. CRESWELL. Not only that, but de-
liberate combinations formed for that purpose
and avowed.-
Mr. JOHNSON. So I understand. All I
have to say, and I think I have a right to say,
and I do not think my colleague will deny it,
is, that however true it may be that there are
such CQjnbinations in that part of the State or
anywhere else, there is spirit enough and pa-
triotism enough and loyalty enough in the rest
of the State to keep them in order. It is not
the first time that efforts have been made to
drive the free blacks out of the State. There
was a proposition made in the Legislature,
when I was not a member of it, by a gentleman
from the Eastern Shore, whose name is familiar
no doubt to my colleague, to exile them from
the State; and at the instance particularly of
the frcedmen.in Baltimore, numbering thou-
sands, I, with others, took a very active part to
prevent it, and succeeded in defeating it. There
was just as much violence in point of feeling
then as'now.
But as to these actual acts of outrage, T have
seen in the papers cases of most cruel outrages,
if true, stated as being committed by black sol-
diers in the southern States; women outraged
to the last degree of outrage; three or four
black soldiers hung for an outrage of that de-
scription; a gentleman's house visited by ne-
groes, and himself murdered and his wife and
children treated in a way that I forbear to
mention, and so through all the States. You
cannot guard against these outrages every-
where and upon all occasions. There will be
wickedness as long as the world lasts, upon
the part of men, unless their natures are en-
tirely changed.
I should be very sorry to believe that there
is any part of the State of Maryland where the
rights of anybody, if brought before the courts
of justice, will not be vindicated. T differ from
my colleague. I do not know the extent of the
feeling to which he adverts, but I think I know
the gentlemen of the Eastern Shore, and how-
ever great may have been their sympathies with
the rebellion, (and to a certain extent, no doubt,
those sympathies were great,) I think they would
not for a moment hesitate to comply with the
obligation of any oath they might take to try
fairly a ease of that description. That they
were wrong in their sympathies nobody is more
satisfied than I am, and 1 should suppose the
result of the struggle has proved to them that
they were wrong trom the beginning. I have
been in the habit of associating with those of
them who were considered gentlemen before
the war, and so lias my honorable colleague,
and [ can say that I never know a more hon-
orable set of men in my life anywhere, except
among the lower classes, men who have lost all
their manhood, men who have forgotten all their
obligations to their State and to themselves. I
should be exceedingly unwilling to believe that
there was any such real disaffection in any part
of the State of Maryland as would make those
who had been gentlemen and men of honor
before so recreant to duty as to forget all the
obligations of truth and honesty.
Mr. CRESWELL. My distinguished col-
league will remember that when on the floor
before, he made the declaration that refugees
and returned soldiers were as safe in Maryland
as in Massachusetts.
Mr. JOHNSON. I think so, too.
Mr. CRESWELL. It was that remark that
drew out my statement of facts. I do not sup-
pose for a moment that my colleague intended
to question my veracity, but only my means of
information. I state upon my reputation as
a gentleman and a Senator, that I am satisfied
the statements I have made are correct, and
that as well by reason of my knowledge of the
district of the State in which they have occurred
as of the high reputation of the gentlemen who
have certified them to me over their own sig-
natures.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Before the question is
taken, I wish to insert a word or two in the sec-
tion, and I hope I shall have the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to do it. The section now
reads:
At the end of such term or sooner, if the Commis-
sioner shall assent thereto, the occupants of any par-
cels so assigned may purchase the land, &c.
It has been suggested to me that ought to be
extended, in case of death, to the heirs or as-
signs of the oc.cupant, and I move to amend it
accordingly.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that amendment
will be made.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I hope it will be adopted
before the vote is taken on concurring in the
amendment made in committee. I presume
there will be no objection to inserting the words
I have suggested.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That mod-
ification wilt be made, if there bono objection.
The Chair hears no objection. The question
now is on concurring in the amendment made
as in Committee of the Whole to the fourth sec-
tion of the bill.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 36, nays 7 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony. Brown. Chandler, Clark,
Conness, Cragm, Cveswell, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, Foster, Harris, Henderson, Hcndricks, How-
ard, Howe, Lane of Kansas, MeDougall, Morgan,
Morrill, Norton, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—36.
NAYS—Messrs. Bucluilew, Cowan, Davis, Guthrie,
Johnson, Sauisbury, and.Stockton—7.
ABSKNT—Messrs, Foot, Grimes, Lane of Indiana,
Nesmith, Kiddle, and Wright—(3.
So the amendment, as amended, was con-
curred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is, will the Senate concur in the other
amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole?
Mr. HENDRICKS. I ask for a separate
vote on the amendment to the sixth section.
Mr. SUMNER. I wish a separate vote on
the fifth section.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I name also the fifth
section for a separate vote.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A separate
vote will bo taken on each amendment if asked
for.
Mr. D AYIS. What is the section that is now
proposed to be voted on ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Ken-
tucky will allow mo to suggest that the amend-
ments proposed to the fifth and sixth sections
have been excepted, and it is proposed to take
the vote on the other amendments together.
The other amendments are, I think, all of them
merely verbal.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask my friend, what was done
with the fourth section ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The fourth section has
just been adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
just been voted, upon.
Mr. DAVIS. The pending question is on the
fifth section, then.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
was anxious to have Senators name the sections
tliat they wished excepted for a separate vote,
and then proposed t.o take the vote, on the re-
maining amendments made in committee where
no separate vote was asked, if there are any
other of the amendments on which a separate
vote is requested.
Mr. DAVIS. Those sections, then, are sus-
pended for the present.
Mr. TRUMBULL. They arc suspended for
the present. I think we shall get along quicker
if the Clerk will just read the verbal amend-
ments and lot us vote on each separately. It
will take but a moment: there are but few of
them. The first amendment is to add the words
"in force'' in the fifth line of the first section.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ments will be taken up as they occur, if that be
the judgment of the Senate. The first amend-
ment will be read.
The first amendment was in section one, line
five, after the word "continue" to insert "in
force."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section one, line
six, to strike out the word "for."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in section one, line
thirteen, to strike out the word '' same'' where
it occurs twice in that line.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was in line fifteen of
section one, to insert "or."
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was at the end of sec-
tion two to add:
In the exercise of the duties imposed or authorized
by this act and the act to which this is additional.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next amendment was to strike out the
fifth section, and insert in lieu thereof as fol-
lows :
That the occupants of land under Major General
Sherman's special field order, dated at Savannah,
January 16, 1865, are hereby confirmed in their pos-
session for the period of three years from the date of
said order, and no person shall be disturbed in or
ousted from said possession during said three years
unless a settlement shall have been made with said
occupant by the owner satisfactory to the Commis-
sioner of the Freedmen's Bureau.
Mr. DAVIS. I understand the question to
be now whether the Senate will concur in the
amendment offered by the committee to the
fifth section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That is the
question.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to strike out that sec-
tion as amended, and I do it upon the principle
that General Sherman had no power to give
the possession of any land to anybody to last
after the war. My position is this, about which
in my own mind at any rate I entertain no
doubt, that he had no power to give the posses-
sion of that land during the war or at any time
for a day. But the principle upon which I base
my motion now is that the end of the war termi-
nates all war power; that if it was competent
for him to transfer the possession of this land
or any part of it to the free negroes or anybody
else, that power was vested in him as a war
power, and the moment the war ceased that
power ceased, his act under that war power in
giving the possession of this land ceased, and
the possession rightfully inured and returned
to the owners. That is the doctrine of every
writer upon international law. There is not
an exception to the principle as I lay it down.
I have got Phillimore here, who is full upon
that point; and all the law writers upon inter-
national law are full upon that point, that when
a military man does an act during war, under
the war power, so soon as the war ceases the
act and all of its consequences cease ; and where
that act is the taking possession of property
which belongs to third persons, which is an in-
ternational power, which is a power of war be-
tween independent nations, the moment peace
is restored that property which has been taken
from the possession of the rightful owner, by
the laws of nations, returns to that owner.
Upon that principle this Congress has no power
whatever to confirm the negroes in the posses-
sion of that property which General Sherman
placed them in possession of one moment after
the war ceased; and, the war having ceased,
Congress has no power to continue the posses-
sion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator repeat his motion?
Mr. DAVIS. It is to strike out that whole
section.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment reported from the committee is to strike
out the whole of the fifth section and insert in
lieu thereof what has been read at the desk.
Mr. DAVIS. My amendment is to strike out
the amendment that was reported, the whole of
the amendment as reported by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That has
