1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
not yet been inserted by a yote of the Senate.
The question now is on striking out and insert-
ing. It has not yet been inserted.
Mr. DAVIS. I inquire now of the Chair
whether, if the motion is made and adopted in
that form, to strike out and insert, it will not
preclude me from offering my amendment. I
want to get an opportunity of offering my
amendment.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator will allow me
one moment. The amendment is to strike out
all after the enacting clause of the section and
to insert something else, which is not a divisi-
ble question: but that amendment may be car-
ried and declared in the affirmative, and then it
will be in order for the Senator to move to strike
out the whole section, enacting clause and all.
Mr. DAVIS. That satisfies me.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I object to the amend-
ment, and in objecting to the amendment I
object to the portion of the bill to which it is
amendatory. To both I object. They are both
violations of law, of fundamental law. Gen-
eral Sherman, it is true, may have, by virtue
of his military power, been able to give a, jus
possessionis to the persons within his particular
jurisdiction'for the time he exercised military
authority. Beyond the time that he exercised
military' authority, or that some commander
did who occupied his place, the power did not
exist. He placed certain persons in possession
of certain property; that he had the power,
the jus possessionis if you please, at that time,
when he made his arrangements and made his
contracts, cannot be disputed, because he was
in military possession. But he gave a posses-
sionary right limited by his military power, and
that power was governed by his military posses-
sion. Beyond that the right of war does not
go and never did. While these lands were
within his jurisdiction and under his military
power he gave to certain persons a temporary
right of possession. Now it is proposed to
give them, what? A legal right of possession
by virtue of an act of Congress.
Let me ask the gentlemen on the other side,
lawyers many of them, how you can give a man
a legal right of possession by act of Congress
against a law or against the legal right of
another? All that part of this bill is simply a
provision to justify men, under the armed force
of the Government, in maintaining apossession
not according to the rules of law; the law that
governs myself, that governs you, Mr. Presi-
dent, and governs us all. I say that provision
of this bill is cardinally wrong. General Sher-
man, I know, understood the science and art
of war; he is a scholar and an accomplished
gentleman, of whom I speak with great rcspect.
He understood that as long as his arms covered
these people they were within his military pro-
tection, and that when the armies were with-
drawn they would be subject to the civil law of
the country, that is, of the Federal and State
Governments.
There is a great mistake about this bill, in
my judgment. I would like to protect the men
and women of African descent as well as ally
man on this floor, but it must be done accord-
ing to the laws which we inherited, which be-
long to us, and which have to be continued to
generations to come if we are to maintain this
Republic intact and to be freemen. This bill
provides that General Sherman's grantees may
have a possessionary title for a given time. The
amendment of the Senator from Illinois, the
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, limits it.
What is a possessory title? Gentlemen may
not be familiar with the term; I am familiar
with it. All the Indian tribes have what we
call, by way of grace, possessory titles. They
had the title first, they owned all the woods,
they owned all the prairies, they owned all tho
lancl which we have swept from them as with a
besom of destruction. We allowed them what
we call, in technical language, a possessory
title ; that is, a title which is good against every-
body except the Government, and we can drive
them or carry them away as we please. That
is a possessionary title, according to law as re-
corded in all the books.
Mr. HARRIS. The gentleman from Cali-
fornia gives way to a motion to adjourn.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I give way.
Mr. HARRIS. I move that the Senate ad-
journ.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, January 23, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyntoh.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
CENSUS QF THE UNITED STATES.
Mr. GRINNELL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho select committee on reconstruc-
tion be instructed to inquire into the expediency of
providing by law for taking a census of tho United
States durihg the year 1866, and report by bill or other-
wise.
IIORSE RAILROAD IN MICHIGAN.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to introduce a joint resolution, which I
desire to have passed now.
The joint resolution was read for information,
as follows:
Resolved bu the House of Representatives of the United
States, (the Senate concurring,) That the Secretary of
War bo, and be is hereby, authorized to giant to
Gurdon 0. Williams, of the city of Detroit, in the Stato
of Michigan, and his associates, the use of so much of
the military reserve on the St. Clair river, in theStato
of Michigan, known as the site of Fort Gratiot, as is
necessary for extending a horse railroad from Port
Huron city to the depot of tho Port Huron and De-
troit railroad, at such rental and upon such terms and
conditions as to him may seem proper, reserving to
the United States, however, thoright of removing the
rails, ties, and other parts of said road whenever the
Secietary of War shall direct, without any claim or
right tor damages on the part of the said Williams
and associates, or their legal representatives.
Mr. THAYER. I think that this should go
to a committee.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. _ I send to the Clerk's
desk a report on this subject, made to the Sec-
retary of War by General Delafield, chief En-
gineer of the United States Army. 1 will not
request the reading of the report, but I ask
that the indorsement of the Secretary of War
be read.
The Clerk read, as follows:
The Secretary of War perceives no objection to
the privilege applied for, upon the terms suggested
by the chief of Engineers, so far as regards the inter-
est of the United States, but is unwilling to concede
tho privilege without expreps authority of Congress.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
January 19,1866.
Mr. DRIGGS. I hope the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Tiiayer] will not object to
this.
Mr. THAYER. I object to the principle of
putting through matters of this kind without
any examination by any committee of this
House.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Very well; then let
the resolution be referred.
There being no objection to the introduction
of the resolution, it was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
PRINTING PRESIDENT'S SPECIAL MESSAGE, ETC.
Mr. BRANDEGEE, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following resolution:
Remised, That one hundred thousand copies of Sen-
ate Executive Document No. 2, the same being the spe-
cial messageot the President ottheUnited States, com-
municated December 19,1865, and corerins thereports
of Lieutenant General Grant and Major General C'arl
Schurz, with the accompanying documents, be printed
immediately for the use of this House.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
SECESSION STATE SUICIDE—-COLONIZATION.
Mr. HENDERSON, by unanimous consent,
introduced the following preamble and resolu-
tions :
Whereas, the Constitution and Government of the
United States wore ordained and established by the
peoplo of tho United States, and not by States in their
individual character, for the welfare and genera! hap-
piness ot the whole people; and, whereas the doctrin e
that a State or States have the right to secede or with-
draw from tho Government at pleasure is most perni-
cious, and strikes at th'o foundation of all government,
and opens wide the door for universal anarchy and
ruin: Therefore,
Resolved, That no State or States can constitution-
ally or lawfully secede or withdraw from tho United
States Government; nevertheless, either.the one or
the other can, by renouncing tho Constitution and
laws of the United States, and by waging war against
them, or adhering to their enemies in time of war,
forfeit their organization, all their rights and privi-
leges as a State or States, and their standing as such
in the Government.
Resolved, That while States, by rebellion against
the General Government, forfeit their rights and ex-
istence as such, the United States lose none of their
rights or authority over theinhabitants ot such States;
and the government over all such territory which has
been forfeited by States rightfully and properly re-
verts to tho United States.
Resolved, That Congress has ''power to dispose of
and make all needful rules and regulations respect-
ing the territory and other property belonging to the
United States."
Resolved, That all the territory embraced within
tho boundaries of what is generally known as tho
State of Texas ought to be, under such rules and reg-
ulations as Congress may prescribe, set apart to tho
use and benefit of the colored people of the United
States.
Resolved, That the welfare of both races demands
that the colored people be separated from the whites
at the earliest practicable period, and that the colored
population of the United States be placed upon suit-
able territory and protected as a dci>endcuey of tho
United States.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I suppose that those
resolutions go to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
The SPEAKER. If there be no objection,
the resolutions will be referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
There was no objection, and the resolutions
were so referred.
Subsequently,
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolutions were referred.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask
whether the gentleman from Yv'isconsin, [Mr.
Eldridge,] not being in the House and not
having voted, can submit the motion to recon-
sider.
The SPEAKER. When a vote was not taken
on the yeas and nays any member has the right
to submit a motion to reconsider.
Mr. BRANDEGEE. I move, then, that the
motion to reconsider be laid upon the table.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I rise to a point of order.
I did not surrender the floor at the time I made
the motion to reconsider.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman did not
proceed to make any remarks, and the Chair
supposed ho had accomplished his purpose
when he made the motion to reconsider.
Mr. ELDIIIDGE. I made as much noise as
I could to attract the attention of the Chair.
The SPEAKER. When the motion was made
to lay the motion to reconsider upon the table
was not the gentleman in his seat?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir. I now demand
the yeas and nays upon the motion to lay upon
the table, and tellers upon the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The motion to reconsider was laid upon the
table.
SOLDIERS' AND SAILORS' LEAGUE.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for the regular order
of business.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the gentleman to yield
to me a moment.
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. SCHENCK. I ask the unanimous con-
sent to submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho use of the Hall of the House
of Representatives be granted this evening and to-
morrow evening to the soldiers and sailors of the
National Union League.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I do not
object to this resolution, because my friend
from Maine [Mr. Rice] has a resolution to offer
prohibiting hereafter the granting of the use of
this Hall for any purpose.
Mr. RITTER. I object.
Mr. BANKS. I trust the gentleman will
withdraw his objection on this oecasion, for if
