1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2899
I
Mr. INGERSOLL. I had fondly hoped,
Mr. Speaker, when Lee surrendered to Gen-
eral Grant-, and .Johnston surrendered to Gen-
eral Sherman, the last armies of the rebellion,
that we had heard the last of southern chiv-
alry, and that we also hud heard the last and
seenthelastof northern sycophancy and north-
ern flunkyisni. I had i'ondly hoped that there
had been evinced enough of heroism and pa-
triotism iiuthe northern people in meeting and
overpowering the rebel armies in that one
grand. contin<fous " onward march" for four
years in maintenance of the integrity of the
Republic to have inspired those men who in
former years had been the subservient tools of
the southern aristocracy with something like an
appreciation of true manhood, so that they
would, either for shame, or by virtue of the
heroic example that had been set them by the
true men of the North, have been willing to
have remained in silence, and let the work ofj
reconstruction be performed by those who had
.saved the country by arms, or at least not have
shocked the country again by that flunkyism,
that subserviency, that sycophancy, that has
ever disgraced that class of the northern peo-
ple in their pliantyielding to every demand of
the South. I had hoped that those examples
of heroism would have had at least a silencing
effect upon them, and that they would not have
thrust themselves forward as the willing tools
of their former masters.
But, sir, in this I have been mistaken; my
fond hopes have not been consummated. I have
been mortified beyond expression to find in the
North that same set of men now advocating
with the same reckless energy, and the same
lack of honor and of principle, anything and
everything which the reconstructed rebels toll
them to advocate. They are as ready and will-
ing to-day to subserve the purposes of the
whipped yet arogant rebels as they ever were.
They areasreadj'to join hands to-day with them
as they did in the passage of the odious com-
promise measures of 1850, just as they would
have joined hands with them during the rebel-
lion if they could have reached over the line
of loyal bayonets between: just as they did join
principles with them in their Chicago conven-
tion and platform in 1864 for the sake of restora-
tion to political power, or even for the moiety
of power that might be granted them by the
generosity of the South; but what can you now
expect of the men who in time of war sympa-
thized with the enemies of the country? Ihe
old battles for liberty and justice on the one
side and for slavery and tyranny on the other
are upon us again, and we must fight them out.
The clash of arms it is true has ceased, the
physical battle has ended between the North
and South, but the old battle of ideas is upon
us still. The honest-hearted, patriotic, high-
minded, honorable men in the North who are
contending for principle have the same opposi-
tion, the same obstacles, to meet and overcome
that they had before the rebellion. We have
advanced, it is true, but there is great work yet
before us. The rebels were not made rebels in
a day, and they cannot be made patriots in a
day. They were the legitimate offspring of
slavery after an incubation of at least half a
century, and now some are so crazy as to sup-
pose that they can be turned into patriots in an
hour. In my opinion, they must be born again.
The only difference is this: during the war the
rebel had a musket, now he has none. The
difference is in the musket, not in the rebel.
Mr. Speaker, if the northern people had been
united upon the great principles upon which this
war was prosecuted, and in the prosecution of
the war at any time during the rebellion, it would
have insured the complete and immediate over-
throw of the rebel power and the establishment
of peace upon the broad principles of eternal
justice. We lacked that unanimity, and hence
the terribly protracted struggle, involving the
sacrifice of half a million noble men and mil-
lions of treasure. It required all the energy
of the honest-hearted and patriotic people to
maintain the arm.of the Government against
the rebellion, aided and encouraged as it was
by the copperhead party; and now that the war
has ceased it requires all the same energy, all
the same patriotism, all the same devotion to
principles, to maintain the legislative power of
the country against the power that has been
defeated on the field of battle but which is now
attempting to usurp the Government, tfnd in
this wicked attempt they are aided, I regret to
say, by the Executive of this nation; in fact,
he is their leader without him they would be
powerless for evil. We have not only the de-
feated rebels to fight in this contest, together
wiih their natural allies the copperheads in the
North, those who sympathized with them and
would have fraternized with them, but for the
line of loyal army that interposed between
them and their rebel friends, but we have in
addition the executive power and patronage
of this Government.
But, sir, we are not dismayed nor disheart-
ened. We have been used to temporary defeats,
to severer trials than this. We have gone
through a storm of war and blood without in-
timidation, and, sir, as God loves liberty and jus-
tice, as the American heart throbs in response
to the sentiment of universal liberty, just so
sure this same power that was unconquerable
in war will be successful in peace, and we shall
triumph at last over southern aristocracy and
chivalry, over northern sycophancy and flunky-
ism, and the President also. They will all
have to succumb to the heroic and invincible
power of northern patriotism, fighting as we
are the battles of universal liberty and universal
justice.
No, the northern patriots are not disheart-
ened. They have given freely of their blood
and treasure ; thoy are now submitting to tax-
ation by reason of the burdens that have been
imposed by the war without a murmur ; they
have submitted to it nil without complaint, and
with an endurance and a confiding trust that
have no parallel in history, and they are ready
to endure and suffer whatever may be neces-
sary for the glory and unity of the Republic.
They will not suffer the fruits of their great vic-
tory, won at such enormous sacrifices, to be
bartered away. They will reap the fruits of
their victory; they will reestablish the Republic
on the principles of justice, and they will never
permit any rebel State to be represented in the
Congress of the United States until it shall
establish a government that is republican in
form, and recognizes the rights of mankind,
irrespective of color, within its local jurisdic-
tion.
In my opinion, Mr. Speaker, there has been
a false issue presented to the people. The
President of the United States has done what
he could to present an issue to the people that
is calculated to mislead and deceive them. He
has disguised his real purpose. He talks
plausibly (so do all impostors) about " har-
monious relations," "taxation without repre-
sentation," occasionally mentions "soldiers
and sailors," and now and then even ventures
to use the word "patriotism." But what is
all this for? Look at his acts, and then say to
me, if you can, that the dearest object of his
heart is not to secure representation from the
rebel States, so that he may receive their support
as a candidate for election to the Presidency
in 1868, and receive their vote in the Electoral
College. Under a pretense of restoring the
Union he is playing a game for the "succes-
sion," otherwise he would demand guarantees
from the South that the commonest prudence
would declare necessary before they are clothed
with full political power.
The President and his friends continually per-
sist in declaring to the people that the issue now
is, whether or not a State can secede ; whether
or not the States of the South have been out
of the Union or have continued in it; that the
question now is, in what way we shall'' restore''
those States to the Union, or, in the language
of the President, "restore them to harmonious
relations with the Governmentfor the Pres-
ident denies that they have ever been out of the
Union, and his present friends sustain his side
of the issue.
Now, so far as the practical question for our
action is concerned, so far as the interests of
this Republic are concerned; so far as the inter-
ests of liberty and ofj ustice and of universal right
are concerned, it is animmaterial issue whether
they are in or out of the Union. So far a  the
legislation of Congress is concerned, so far as
the future status of the States that have been in
rebellion is concerned, it matters not whether
they have been out of the Union or not, or
whether they are in the Union or not. We
have heard too much already about States *n
and out of the Union, and not enough about
the rebels in those States.
The question is not, whether those States
shall have representation in Congress, but
whether the rebels in those States shall be so
represented, and allowed to vote here with ref-
erence to a restoration of those States to the
"harmonious relations" we have heard so
much about. It is a matter of supreme indif-
ference to me and to the loyal masses of this
country whether those States, technically
speaking, are in or out of the Union. But it
is a question of vital importance to the country
whether those unrepentant rebels shall be rep-
resented in Congress, and by their power here
defeat the objects of the loyal majority in
Congress, defeat the restoration of the U nion
upon a loyal and humane basis. This is the
real issue.
And so far as my voice can go I will use it
for the purpose of unmasking the deception
that the President of the United States would
impose upon the people of this country. To
what does it amount to whether I insist that
the States are out of the Union, if I allow them
to lie represented here ? Or what does it
amount to if I concede that they have never
been out of the Union, if I consent to their
being represented here? Notlringin the world.
They will admit that they are out of the Union,
if you will admit them to representation in Con-
gress ; and they will not even thank you for
insisting that they are in the Union unless you
also admit them to representation in Congress;
the power to vote loyalty down is what th ey want.
The question is, whether the rebels (who would
control absolutely the power and future destiny
of those States if they are admitted into the Hal Is
of Congress) are in a fit condition to be allowed
representation here. You know, Mr. Speaker,
and I know, that when a State, no matter how
long it has been in rebellion or what the effect
of that rebellion may have been upon that
State or its people, is once admitted to rep-
resentation in Congress it is placed on an equal
footing with the other States of this Union, and
has the same rights in Congress and out of
it that any loyal State has. If you let the
President carry out his programme of restora-
tion, then farewell to your intervention by Con-
gress ; farewell to the restraining power of the
Freedmen's Bureau; farewell to your constitu-
tional amendments and your "civil rights;"
farewell to any and all legislation here which
interposes in behalf of the true Union men of
the southern States.
When you admit these rebel States to repre-
sentation here they care not whether you con-
sider them as being in the Union or out of the
Union so long as you give them a voice here
again. And when you give them their votes
here you give them a power which, when uni-
ted with their northern sympathizers in Con-
gress, will overwhelm the Union party and
Union measures and reform (I should say de-
form) this Union in accordance with their own
ideas. Are you, the million of brave and
patriotic soldiers who survived the shock of
war; are you,the patriotic men who defended
and sustained our Army against the assaults
of the " fire-in-the-rear" party, ready for
this kind of restoration? The sacre'd blood
of our martyred heroes cries to Heaven
against it. . .
I take the ground, admitting, for the sake ox
argument, most distinctly, that no matter if a
State cannot get out and never was out ot the
Union, yet by thp rebellion of its people against
I this Government, by waging open war upon its
