2400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 5,
lawful authority, every citizen within such State
would become thereby an alien enemy to the
United States, and liable to be treated by this
Government in all respects as one who never
was a citizen of this Government, a foreigner
domiciled within its territory, to say nothing
of the right of the Government to hang them
as rebels and enemies. If that position is cor-
rect, then it follows that if within any certain
State all its inhabitants become alien enemies
the Congress of the United States is alone
vested with power to establish a government
for them, to make laws for them, to control
them so long as they shall remain alien ene-
mies or simply aliens. I lay this down as an
axiom in our Government: that when a person
is an alien enemy, either by being the subject
of a foreign jurisdiction or by virtue of his own
treason, he remains an alien enemy to this Gov-
ernment until Congress relieves him from that
disability. The President's position is, that a
citizen of the United States may be a rebel bel-
ligerent firing at the life of the nation to-day,
and a lawful citizen to-morrow, and entitled of
right to representation in Congress!
An alien enemy, being such by virtue of his
rebellion and treason, forfeits all the rights
that he ever enjoyed under the Constitution
and as a citizen of the United States. He for-
feits the right to vote; he forfeits the right to
be represented in Congress; he forfeits the
right to hold office; he forfeits every right
except such as he may exercise under the law
of nations; and the fact that he may have been
born in this country only adds a deeper black-
ness to his crime; he is entitled to only the
same protection, and that, in fact, only by the
courtesy of the Government, that would be
accorded to a subject of Great Britain, or any
other foreign Power, if he were simply domi-
ciled within the jurisdiction of the United
States. Let us not forget that these rebels
were the most favored of our citizens. Their
every interest had been generously protected
and fostered by the Government always; and
now, after they have sent to untimely graves
half a million of the nation's bravest sons;
after they have deluged the land with blood
and covered it with a shroud of woe, in the
names of Fort Pillow, Libby prison, and An-
dersonville, they demand, representation in
Congress, and Andrew Johnson and William
H. Seward say they ought to have it.
Mr. Speaker, am I right when I declare that
the people of these rebellious States are alien
enemies to this Government? If I am, when
and by what means did they become alien ene-
' mies ? Was it by act of the Government of the
United States? No, sir. Was it by their own
act of war? It was. If, then, they were ever
alien enemies to this Government, when did
they cease to be such; or are they not alien
enemies to-day? They are alien enemies this
day, unless by act of Congress they have been
recognizcd as being otherwise. The President
cannot change an alien into a citizen. The
Constitution has vested no power of naturali-
zation upon the President. Congress alone is
vested with that power. A foreign-born sub-
ject is required to reside in this country for five
years before he can become a citizen, unless
he has served in the Army; then why should
these native-born rebels receive so much more
consideration than a foreigner residing peace-
ably among us with the intention of becoming
a citizen?
Sir, let me lay down in connection with this
subject this proposition of law: that in order
to be an alien to the United States Govern-
ment it is not necessary that a man should be
foreign-born. He may be an alien although
not foreign-born. --And I hold, sir, that the
people of the southern States did, by treason
and rebellion, become alien enemies to this
Government. By their warfare against the
Government they became its enemies; and by
the laws of war they became alien enemies and
liable to be treated as such. Let toe read,
upon this point, from Lawrence's Wheiaton
on International Law, page 899 :
"In the United States it is incorrect to suppose
that alien as opposed to citizen means foreign as re-
spects country. Indians arc the subjects of the Uni-
ted States, and therefore are not in mere right of
home birth citizens of the United States; but they
may be made citizens by some competent act of the
General Government, by treaty or otherwise."
Now, sir, with reference to these rebels who
inaugurated a rebellion, who formed a de facto
government, recognized by the civilized Powers
of the world as entitled to belligerent rights ;
■which was recognized by our own Government
as entitled to belligerent rights ; they became
enemies, and alien enemies, although not for-
eign-born. And, sir, I hold, in accordance with
the law which I have read, that the character
of alien continues until relieved by competent
authority of the General Government.
I read now from the opinion of the Supreme
Court of the United States, as recorded in 2
Black's Reports, page 666, to show that, the
inhabitants of the southern States did, by vir-
tue of their rebellion and treason against the
United States, become alien enemies, and that
is an independent fact, without reference to the
status of the rebel States in their relation to
the (Jnion:
"A war may exist where one of the belligerents
claims sovereign rights as against the other.
"Insurrection against a Government may or may
not culminate in an organized rebellion, but a civil
war always begins by insurrection against the lawful
authority of the Government. A civil war is never
solemnly declared; it beoomes such by it3 accidents
—the number, power, and organization of the persons
who carry it on. When the party in rebellion occupy
and hold in hostile manner a certain portion of ter-
ritory; have declared their independence; have cast
off their allegiance; have organized armies; have
commenced hostilities against their former sover-
eign, the world acknowledges them as belligerents,
and the contest a war. They claim to be in arms to
establish their liberty and independence, in order to
become a sovereign State, while the sovereign party
treats them as insurgents and rebels who owe alle-
giance, and who should be punished with death for
their treason.
"The laws of war, as established among nations,
have their foundation in reason, and all tend to miti-
gate thecruelties and misery produced by the scourge
of war. Hence the parties toa civil war usually con-
cede to each other belligerent rights. They exchange
prisoners, and adopt the other courtesies and rules
common to public or national wars.
" 'A civil wai.'says Vattel, 'breaks the bands of so-
ciety and government, or at least suspends their force
and effect; it produces in tbenationtwo independent
parties, who consider each other as enemies, and ac-
knowledge no common judge. Those two parties,
therefore, must necessarily be considered as consti-
tuting, at least for a time, two separate bodies, two
distinct societies. Having no common superior to
judge between them, thoy stand in precisely the same
predicament as two nations who engage in a contest
and have recourse to arms.'
"This being the case, it is very evident that the
common laws of war, those maxims of humanity, mod-
eration, and honor, ought to be observed by both par-
ties in every civil war. Should thesovereign coneei ve
he has a right to hang up his prisoners as rebels, the
opposite party will make reprisals, <fce.; the war will
become cruel, horrible, and every day more destruc-
tive to the nation."
The Supreme Court say:
"As a civil war is never publicly proclaimed eo nom-
ine, against insurgents, its actual existence is a fact
in our domestic history, which the court is bound to
notice and to know."
"The true test of its existence, as found in the
writings of the sages of the common law, may be
thus summarily stated: 'When the regular course
of justice is interrupted by revolt, rebellion, or in-
surrection, so that the courts of justice cannot be
kept open, civil war exists and hostilities may be
prosecuted on the same footing as if those opposing
the Government were foreign enemies invading the
land.'
"The law of nations is also called the law of na-
ture ; it is founded on the common consent as well as
the common sense of the world. It contains no -nc-Ji
anomalowt doctrincasthat which this court are nolo for
the first time desired to pronounce, to wit, that insur-
gents who have risen in rebellion against their sov-
eign, expelled her courts, established a revolutionary
government, organized armies, and commenced hos-
tilities are not enemies because theylare traitors;
and a war levied upon the Government by traitors
in order to dismember and destroy it is not a war
because it is ' an insurrection.'"
In this opinion the court declare that these
rebels, these traitors, these insurgents,whohave
been prosecuting this war against the Govern-
ment, are enemies, to be treated in the light
of public enemies, or alien enemies, entitled
to the same rights as though it were a foreign
war originally, and no more. And now I ask,
when the character of an alien once attaches
to the rebellious party, when does that charac-
ter cease? Does it cease simply beeausethey
acknowledge their defeat on the battle-field ?
Not at all. The character of any criminal does
not change when, being detected and overtaken,
he acknowledges the crime and proffers to make
restitution ; he is a criminal still. The rebels
were only defeated in carrying out their traitor-
ous designs bccausethey were met and over-
powered by the heroism of the northern peo-
ple. Let us illustrate this a little further. We
will presume that the people of Mississippi in
1860 were peaceful citizens; in 1861 they were
rebels; in 1862, 1863, and 1864 they were beh
ligerents; in 1865 they were subpgated ; in I860
the Government arrests the leaders for trea-
son. But, say the rebels, you cannot try us for
treason ; although at first we were rebels, we
afterward established the " confederacy," and
you recognized us as a de facto government,
as alien enemies, as belligerents; you waived
the,right to try us for treason in thus recog-
nizing us. Well, we reply, if that is so, we
will dismiss the charge of treason, and treat
you as conquered public enemies, as aliens.
No, no ; that will not do ; we will not submit
to that; we claim, that notwithstanding you
had the lawful right to fight and subdue us,
that as soon as you wrested our arms from us
we were at once transformed into citizens of
the United States Government we sought to
destroy, and are now entitled to representation
in Congress and all other rights we ever enjoyed
under the Constitution. We deny your con-
clusions, and we propose to contest the point
with you before the people.
Mr" Speaker, in my opinion we would have
but little trouble in settling these difficulties,
or finding a solution of the problems which
now weigh so heavily upon the country, had
the President of the United States but con-
scientiously and honestly discharged liis duty.
Had he had more judgment and less ambition,
more patriotism and less egotism, had he de-
sired to subserve the interests of his country
rather than his own, we would have had an easy
deliverance from our troubles. When the sur-
render of the rebel armies was made, Andrew
Johnson was President of the United States.
He had exercised the authority but a few days.
He had no experience in the administration
of the Government, but he had ambition. He
had a desire to make himself conspicuous be-
fore the country and before the world, and
consequently, blinded by his ambition and
crazed by his egotism, he refused to do what
the simplest-minded man knew he ought to
have done under such circumstances. You all
remember the condition of the country at that
time. He ought to have called the Congress
together at once in special session, called
together the representatives of the party who,
confiding in his honor and his patriotism, based
upon what he had publicly said on all occa-
sions from the very inauguration of the rebel-
lion, elected him Vice President.
Had he thus called the representatives of
the people together to counsel and advise with,
it would have been an easy matter for Congress
at that time to have shaped the legislation of
the country to a solution of these difficulties,
and adjusted a basis of reconstruction satisfac-
tory alike to the loyal people of the North and
the subjugated people of the South. The lat-
ter were willing at the time of the surrender
to accept almost any conditions which would
have spared their forfeited lives and their for-
feited property. They were thoroughly wh ipped;
they were subjugated, and they were ready to
acknowledge it. From the published speeches
the President had made previous to their sub-
jugation, and immediately after, they never
dreamed of finding any clemency in his heart.
They simply expected the rights and privileges
belonging to a vanquished foe. They never
dreamed of being regarded as citizens of the
United States, entitled to the right of represen-
tation in Congress, and the right to "restore"
the country they had moved heaven and earth
to destroy.
No, sir, they never dreamed of it. The
leaders expected to be hnng, if they put any
reliance upon the oft-repeated utterance of Mr.
Johnson, that they should be hung, for he
