1440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
not very flattering when I see the little interest
the Senate take in the discussion. The Sena-
tor from Maine, however, has already re-ninded
you of that.
In considering this question you <vill not for-
get -that in two respects it has already been
passed upon by the Senate. In the first place,
the Senate have recognized it as a claim proper
to bo put upon an appropriation bill, and not
excluded by the rule of the Senate ; and in the
second place they have recognized it as a claim
that ought to be paid; in other words, as a
meritorious claim. In considering the question,
therefore, I think all will agree that 1 approach
it with that advantage—two different determi-
nations of the Senate on two different points
essential to your cor elusion. That is all I
have to say ou that head.
Now, as to the character of the claim itself,
the Senator from Maine has not stated it with
perfect precision. Naturally, he was not as
familiar with it as it has been my duty to be.
Our i(.'preventative at Brussels, i think, was
what is called a minister resident, and not a
charge d'affaires. He had with him at the
time a young gentleman acting under the name
of an unpaid attache. Concluding to return
home on a visit, as it seemed for the moment,
and following the instructions of the Depart-
ment, lie selected this gentleman as the repre-
sentative o! the Government in his absence,
and according to usage in such eases, pre-
sented him toihe Seeretaiy for Foreign Affairs
of (he Government to which he was accredited
as charge d'affaires ad interim. In doing so,
he followed the usage under the law of nations,'
and also the usage of our own Government;
and I may add, also, he followed the instruc-
tions from the Department of State at Wash-
ington.
Mr. IIOWE. "What were they?
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Wiscon-
sin asks me what those instructions were. Thev
were in conformity with the law'of nations',
when the minister goes home to leave his pa-
pers in the custody of the secretary of legation
whom he shall present to the Minister of For-
eign All'.iiis as charge d'allaires ad interim;
but if there be no 
Mr. FliSSHNDEN. I should really like to
know in what author the Senator linds that part
of the law of nations.
Mr. SO MNElt, I think the Senator will
find in all. The Senator will find that it is
the lixeil usage of diplomatic law.
Mr. 1' hSKKNDEN. Jt may be the custom
among diplomatic men, but it certainly never
met my eye in any book on the law" of na-
tions.
Air. SUMNER. The Senator is mistaken,
lie has read it twenty times, but has forgotten
it; and he has read it unquestionably, too, in
the instructions of the Department of State. I
cannot be mistaken on that point.
i lien, sir, if there be no secretary of lega-
tion, as was the case here, what is the minister
of the United Slates to do? Is he to leave his
papers and his seal loose-in some obscSrc cus-
tody where they may be seized'.' No. lie is par-
ticularly chargcd by the Government to select
a competent citizen of the United States in
whose hands lie is to place this trust. If the
person is of his legislation he presents him as
charge d'affaires ad interim. That was actu-
ally done in this case. Meanwhile, the minis-
ter, who was Mr. Seibels, of Alabama, after
his return homo, sent in his resignation, which
took effect, 1 think, from the 11th of June, 1857;
he came home several months before. Then
it was that Mr. Clarke became not only the
substitute for Mr. Seibels, but rhe representa-
tive de facto of (ho Government of the United
States. _ lie had already been accredited by
Mr. Seibels as charge d'affaires ad iiitcrim;
but by the resignation of Mr. Seibels and the
actual vacation of his oflice, he from that time
forward, until the office was filled by appoint-
ment here at Washington, was the de facto
representative of the United States.
Now, sir, that is the case. During that time
Jae occupied a house larger than a gentleman in I
his circumstances and of his age would have
thought of occupying, having indeed succeeded
to the very house of the American minister
himself. ile continued there, subject to those
extraordinary expenses which I need not re-
mind the Senate are necessarily incident to
diplomatic life. During all this time he was
in relations with the Government to which he
was accredited, and he corresponded with our
Government here at home, and he also received
communications from the Government here at
home, so that in point of fact, de facto, he was
the representative of our country, £ am speak-
ing noxt of the time indicated between the two
dates mentioned in the amendment that I have
offered, between the date of the resignation of
Mr. Seibels and the actual appointment of his
successor. It is for services rendered during
that time that the amendment now before you
proposes to pay him.
Now, sir, those services may be seen, as I
intimated yesterday, in two lights: one as ser-
vices rendered, and you pay, to use a profes-
sional term, for the quantum meruit; another
is for services rendered by the implied sanc-
tion of the Government, the Government all
the while here in Washington knowing that lie
was there and discharging those services; ren-
dered, too, according to usage both of our own
Government and the general usage of diplo-
matic life. I submit, therefore, that the claim
is a good one.
Then I am reminded by the Senator that
it is tardily presented. On that head I have
something explicit to read. I have a letter
from Mr. Clarke, addressed to myself, from
which I will read a passage. This letter .is
dated March 7, 18(3(5:
"In reading the discussion m the Senate on my
claim for diplomatic salary, (March 3, 180o,J I find
that two considerations excited most of (lie opposi-
tion expressed.
"The iiist was that the claim was first presented
after a lapse of seveial years.
"But the fetter of the minister, Mr. Seibels, to Sec-
retary Cass, (a copy of* which you have")—
That letter was referred to in this debate at
the last session—
''t'hows that I prevented it on my ariival in Wa^li-
inaton in January, Mt. Tho Slut* Department rc-
lerrcd me to Congress, and my petition reached the
hands ot .ui.Mason, the chairman ot the Committee
on froremn Relations, where I left it on returning to
Europe m May, 1859. Mr. Mason'* neglect will ex-
plain the delay which has ensued."
I think I may well ask whether a faithful and
patriotic public servant should suffer from the
negligence of a person who at the very moment
that he was guilty of this negligence was un-
doubtedly gi\ing his time and his tliouglns to
treason rather than to his public duties. This
gentleman suffered from those proclivities of
the man who at that time represented this part
of tho business of tho Senate 011 this floor.
Mr. Clarke calls my attention also to another
consideration. He says:
"The second consideration most marked in thedis-
cuasion, is that, payment is now asked for a period
duriner which the minister, Mr. Seibels, received pay.
(bee Mr. Harlan s remarks.)
ary eo:i«cd.
'."Thus to reject my claim would ho to leave to a.
private citizen, without compensation, not only the
service-;, but the expenses mcuu-ed by the United
Ma_tes legation 1:1Belgium from tho 11th of June,
pci'10d Heihels's resignation,) to tho
-/Hi bepleinber, 1<S->S, (the period when 1 was relieved
by his successor, General Fair, of Aldbama.)''
I do not sec how in conscience we can refuse
the payment of this claim. We have had the
services. V\ e haveallowed him to go and spend
his money for our sake, and yet he has received
nothing; and now he is met by saying this is a
private claim, and that we ought not to pay it
on an appropriation bill. It is a claim for ser-
vices rendered abroad as a diplomatic a^ent of
the country; and though he was not in advance
appointed and confirmed by the Senate, he had
practically entered into those relations with the
Government of the United States which I think
justify him in looking to us for compensation;
and the compensation ought to be given to him
directly and not tardily. It ought not be post-
poned. He ought not to be treated as a com-
mon claimant; but his services should be recog-
nized as something which we in duty are bound
to pay at once.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It would be very pleas-
ant to recognize this claim and pay it; but that
it is a private claim is almost a matter of demon-
stration in my mind. If we intend to stand by
the rules of the Senate, we might as well do it
on this case as any other. It is proposed to
pay a man for services that he cannot get the
money for under any existing law. That cer-
tainly makes it a private claim.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I have not considered this
claim as a private claim, and it will bo very in-
convenient if gentlemen shall come to consider
such claims as this private claims. The Sen-
ator from Massachusetts states the practice
right, according to my understanding, in the
appointment of citizens abroad when a minister
leaves his post: and that is just as regular an
appointment as if he was appointed and nom-
inated by the President and confirmed by the
Senate, and under the usage we are just as much
bound to pay for that service as if the person
had had a regular appointment. If the author-
ities had the money in the Treasury, under that
usage, appropriated for this subject, he would
have been paid.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts says that the reason why they did not
pay him was that there was no law for his ap-
pointment.
Mr. GUTITRIE. I do not understand it so.
I understand that there is a law for his ap-
pointment, and he comes just as regularly under
the usage as a charge d'affaires as any other
man who represents the Government abroad.
Via could not deny that he was our agent and
minister at that court after he had come in
under those usages. That is my position; and
hence I assert that this is a public claim. It is
not the policy of this Government that we should
make difficulties with our foreign ministers in
paying their appointees, because in the emer-
gencies that may take place we shall want those
appointees in almost every country, and we do
require them every year or two. I think it.
ought to bo considered a public claim, and that
this ought to be considered as an appropriation
% pay a deficiency not provided for by our
laws. I would not put a man appointed un-
der the circumstances that this gentleman was
appointed, and who performed the duties that
this gentleman performed, upon the footing of
a private claimant, and let him go through Con-
gress, particularly at this time when no^private
claims are paid, especially if they come from,
the South. If a man's property lias been taken
there, even though no question can be raised
in relation to his loyalty, he cannot get his
claim, because under a resolution passed the
other day by the House of Representatives they
have determined not to consider any such claims
at all. Acting upon that resolution they rejected
a claim where, according to the evidence that
I saw, a man's cotton had been taken, carried
to Cairo, libeled in Illinois, and the person
that took it acknowledged he would have given
it to the claimant if the agent had followcj.
him. There was no pretense for confiscation;
and yet. under the general rule which they have
adopted to reject all private claims, it was re-
jected in the other House ; and the proceeds
of that cotton, that belonged to a man who had
done no act forfeit it, are actually in your
treasury! This is a pretty strong case, and
there are a great many of them.
Sir. I'ESSENDEN. They did not attempt
to put tha^t on an appropriation bill.
Mr. GUTHRIE. No; it was introduced as
a private claim. I only mention that as an
illustration of the way'men who have private
claims are treated in Congress. I contend that
tnis is a private claim, and it has not been paid
because you had not appropriations enough to
pay it. I say it is not your policy that claims
ot this sort for services done in foreign "coun-
tries should have to run the route of private
claims b.etween these two Houses of Congress
