1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
power of fanatical "New England. Now, I de-
sire to relieve the proposition before the House
of any imputation that it comes here or is sup-
ported in the interest of New England and in
preference to the other proposition, because
•the other proposition hits New England., I
deny that it hits New England and I deny that
thisprojpositionbenefitsNewEngland; in other
words, 1 support this proposition on account
of its own merits and not for local or elec-
tioneering purposes.
Mr. BLAINE. I am very much obliged to
the gentleman for the patronizing care with
which he looks after the interests of fanatical
New England.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentlemen permit
me to offer an amendment which I believe will
remove mucli of the objection which is made?
Mr. BLAINE. I will yield for the purpose
of having it read.
The proposed amendment was read, as fol-
lows :
Provided, That this article shall not be construed
to aftect the power of Congress to regulate the quali-
fications for electors of the most numerous branch of
the Legislatures of the several States.
The SPEAKER. The Chair would state
that there is an amendment pending offered
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens.] Any amendment to the amendment
must be germane to it. The only way in which
the resolution could be amended now would bo
by offering a substitute embracing all its phrase-
ology and any additional language desired.
Mr. BLAINE. I must decline to yield fur-
ther unless for the purpose of explanation. I
was going on to remark that an additional
reason adverse to the suffrage basis will be
found in the fact that the moment you make
suffrage the basis of distributing Representatives
among the States, you inevitably, by logical
sequence, make it the basis of distributing
Representatives within the States. I want to
bo understood on this point. If we distribute
representation on the basis of voters, the States
will take it up by logical sequence, and within
their own territory distribute their Representa-
tives on the basis of voters, and a city or dis-
trict of country which might have a surplus or
a deficiency of males over twenty-one years of
age would either aggrandize itself or lose its
proper weight and power as the figures might
go up or down.
You cannot resist that conclusion. That is
one of the evils that will follow from the suffrage
basis. Following thatf by a slight paradox, I
think this amendment, excluding blacks from
the basis of representation, will, by the opera-
tion of the same principle, have precisely the
opposite effect in the South, namely: if you cut
off the blacks from being enumerated in the
basis of representation in the southern States
the white population of those States will imme-
diately distribute Representatives within their
own territory on the basis of white population.
Therefore the most densely populated negro
districts will not be allowed to offset the most
densely populated white districts. It therefore
becomes an immediate and pressing interest
with those districts to enfranchise the negroes.
Do you suppose the upland districts of Georgia
and South Carolina, inhabited largely by whites,
will, in the event of the adoption of this amend-
ment, allow the distribution of Representatives
to be made on the basis of the whole popula-
tion? By no-means. They will at once insist
on the white basis within the State. Therefore
you make it the imperative and most urgent in-
terest of the late slave masters, in the rice re-
gions and densely populated negro districts in
the South, to enfranchise the black man. The
upland and rice regions to which I have re-
ferred differ in soil, climate, air, sky, and popu-
lation as much as the Tierra Caliente and the
Tierra Templada of Mexico do to-day, or as
they did three hundred years ago. While I
shall vote for the proposition, I shall do so with
some reluctance unless it is amended, and I do
not regret, therefore, that the previous ques-
tion was not sustained. I am egotistic enough
to believe that the phraseology of the original
resolution as introduced by me was better thali
which T employed, is broader and more compre-
hensive than the term "elective franchise," for
I fear, with the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Fatwsworth,] that under the latter phrase the
most vicious evasions might be practiced. As
that gentleman has well said, they might make
suffrage depend on ownership of fifty acres of
land, and then prohibit any negro holding real
estate ; but no such mockery as this could be
perpetrated under the provisions of the amend-
ment as I originally submitted it.
, Mr. BINGHAM. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] allow me to make a sug-
gestion ?
Mr. BLAINE. Certainly.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg to notify the gen-
tleman that this amendment of itself does not
and cannot execute the purpose intended to be
accomplished by it, unless Congress 
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman is going to
reply to my argument I will not yield the floor.
If he wants merely to make an explanation I
will hear him.
■ _ Mr. BINGH AM. I apprehend that no pos-
sible amendment that can be suggested to the
Constitution of the United States on this sub-
ject will answer the purpose unless it is followed
by further legislation.
Mr. BLAINE. That may be so. But the man
who shoots at the sun will come nearer to it than
the man who does not draw a bow. I say that
the phraseology "civil or political rights and
privileges" is more inclusive than the phrase
"elective franchise." If you make it so that
a State shall not count in her basis of represent-
ation any race to which 1' civil or political rights
and privileges" are denied or abridged, then
the objection of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farnsworth] cannot stand, because the
exclusion from holding real estate would be a
denial of civil rights or privileges.
Mr. BROMWELL. If the gentleman will
permit me, I will say that the objection to this
resolution is not that it is intended to provide
for a representation based upon actual voters,
but upon the population of the classes or races
permitted to vote. If the gentleman will allow
me I will submit an amendment which I think
will obviate the difficulty.
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot yield for any sueh
purpose. There is one other objection to the
resolution as reported, and that is a point to
which I wish to call the attention of the chair-
man of the committee reporting it [Mr. Ste-
vens] and the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Coxklisg] who defended it. The proposed
amendment reads:
Provided, That when ever the elective franchise shall
be denied or abridged in any State on account of race
or color, all persons of such race or color therein shall
be excluded from the basis of representation.
Now, I contend that ordinary fair play—and
certainly we can afford fair play where it does
not cost anything—calls for this, namely, that
if we exclude them from the basis of represent-
ation they should be excluded from the basis
of taxation. Ever since this Government was
founded taxation and representation have al-
ways gone hand in hand. If we shall exclude
the principle in this amendment, we will be ac-
cused of a narrow, illiberal, mean-spirited, and
money-grasping policy. More than that, we do
not gain anything by it. What kind of taxation
is distributed according to representation? Di-
rect taxation. Now, we do not have any direct
taxation. There has been but twenty millions
of direct taxation levied for the last fifty years.
That tax was levied in 18(51, and was not col-
lected, but distributed among the States and
held in the Treasury Department as an offset
to the war claims of the States. So that, as a
matter of fact, we are putting an offensive
discrimination in this proposition and gaining
nothing by it except obloquy. We are asked to
put in something that will enable the southern
States to say, "You gouged us out of our fair
protection in the basis of taxation when you had
the power, rfnd you gouged us so meanly in spirit
that you gained nothing by it yourselves." I
maintain that we should foll4w'tftfe prefedfefti©#-
former years._ And if we- exclude auypo#&ii"
of the population from Tepresentatioii'; We shotiKl'-'
pari passu exclude-thedrfrom taxation. That
is fair play, and fair play-is ajewelthe world
over. : , ...
Let me say ia conclusion,Mr. -Speakeiythat.-
my opposition to the suftsg£ basis is notground^
ed on the fact that Maine-would lose By ife- ffp
statistics that have yet been-preSentfedsh'tSwf&iy;-
loss to Maine'; and on several theories of
lation we should gain ong member. Myoppo^*
sition, therefore, is not grounded on local self-
ishness. but upon the belief that 'the principle
is a dangerous one, that it is an abar.donment'
of one of the oldest and safest landmarks of'tte •
Constitution, and that it is a most perilous leap
in the dark. It introduces a new prineipkfm -
our Government, whose evil tendency ami re-'
suits no man can measure to-day.
Mr. DONNELLY obtained the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] to yield to me for a
moment that I may submit a substitute.
Mr. DONNELLY. I yield to the gentleman'
for that purpose. ' ' -
Mr. SLOAN. I ask the gentleman from Min-
nesota to yield to me that 1 may offer an amend-
ment to the substitute which the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] is about to
offer.
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to a question of ordef.
My point of order is this: can the floor be -so:
farmed out in reference to the matter of amend-'
ments as to allow gentlemen of a certain:class
of opinions to preclude all amendments except!;
such as they favor? Can any gentleman offer ~
an amendment except -the gentleman who bus
the floor? If we go on in this wa.y, the bill
may be so amended that it will not be possible
hereafter for others of different opinions to
propose other amendments.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Min-
nesota yields to the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania ; if the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Brooks] objects to his yielding further,*he has
the right to do so.
Mr. KELLEY. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from New York that there has been no
"farming" done in this connection, so far as I
am concerned. My action has been sponta-
neous.
Mr. BROOKS. I do not object to the offer-
ing of the amendment, if it will not preclude
me or others on this side from offering amend-
ments, if we have the good fortune to get the
floor hereafter.
Mr. KELLEY. I offer the foil owing amend-
ment in the form of a substitute:
Strike out all afterthe resolving clause, and insert
in lieu thereof the following:
That the following article be proposed to the Legis-
latures of the several States as an amendment to the
Constitution of the United States; which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of the said Legislatures, shall be"
valid a3 part of said Constitution, namely:
Article—. Representati ves and direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the several States which may
be included within this Union according'to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number of per-'
sons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pro-
vided, That whenever the elective franchise shall be
denied or abridged in any State on account of race or
color, all persons of such race or color therein shall
bo excluded trom the basis of representation: And
provided further. That this article shall not be con-
strued to affect the power of Congress to regulate the
qualification for electors of the mostnumcrous branch
of tlio Legislatures of the several States.
Mr. DONNELLY. Mr. Speaker, I shall
detain the House but a very few moments with
what I have to say upon this measure.
I shall vote for it cheerfully as a step in the
right direction, as tending to bring the repre-
sentation in this House to a more exact basis
of equality, and as doing away with that '' rot-
ten borough" system originating out of slavery
an d by which it was made powerful and in great
part maintained.
It follows as a logical conclusion that if men
have no voice in the national Government,
other men should not sit in this Hall pretend-
ing to represent them. And it is equally clear
that an oppressed race should not lend power
to their oppressors, tobeusedintheirnameand
