1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1441
session after session. If you set a few exam-
ples of this kind, you will get no persons to
spend their time and money abroad in your
service; at least none that are worth getting.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Will the Senator allow
me to ask him one question?
Mr. G UTIIRIE. Certainly.
Mr. HENDBICKS. I am not informed on
this subject, and I wish to know whether he
was such a public officer under existing laws
as that he could draw his money when he re-
turned to the United States, and whether the
only difficulty in his way was the length of time
that had elapsed, so that the appropriation for
it had gone back into the Treasury.
Mr. GUTIIItlE. I must leave the answer
to that question to the Senator who has charge
of this claim. I accidentally happened to be-
come acquainted with this gentleman. He is
a very intelligent gentleman; and in the course
of conversation, he stated to me the facts that
the Senator from Massachusetts has detailed
in relation to his services. He is not exactly
of the political tinge in all respects that I am
myself; for I was one of those men who be-
lieved that the Constitution was sufficient to
carry 011 a foreign war, without violating it,
and to suppress insurrection, without violating
it; and 1 still believe it notwithstanding all the
examples that we have had, and all we have
heard on the subject. I have believed, and
still believe, that the Constitution that was made
by our fathers was sufficient for peace, suffi-
cient for war, sufficient for insurrection and
civil war, if we had adhered to it and carried
it out as we ought to have done.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. The Senator from Mas-
sachusetts brought in Mr. Mason's connection
with the rebellion as one argument why this
amendment should be made; my friend from
Kentucky has brought in the cotton contracts:
and it only remains to bring in the negro, and
then I think we shall have all the subjects on
this question of order, [laughter,] and whether
I shall give it up or not, 1 do not know.
Mr. GUTHK1E. I hope I shall never bring
the negro into this Chamber.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. I said the Senator
brought in the cotton contracts.
Mr. GL'TIllilE. Xot the cotton contracts,
but the cotton robberies.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Well, the cotton rob-
beries and the Constitution. Now. Mr. Pres-
ident. I think we may as well leave those sub-
jects out of the debate, 011 a tneie point of order,
and we may also leave out on a mere point of
order the lemarks made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts on the merits of the
claim. J am very much of the opinion that 011
the statement made by him 1 would vote for
the claim if presented here as a separate prop-
osition without any hesitation, because if the
facts are as he stated 1 think this gentleman
ought to be paid; although, allow me to say,
thai, in all the .Departments of this Government,
so far as I know, it is getting to be too much,
and lias been for some time, the practice to
do things without authority, because they are
judged to bo necessary, and then call 011 Con-
gress to make an appropriation for the defi-
ciency. Sometimes they are necessary, but in
a great many cases they are not. I do not say
that i expect it, but I hope to see the time when
we shall get back to the old practice and reject
some of these bills that are incurred without
authority of law.
However meritorious this claim may be, the
question is whether or not we shall protect the
rules and the practice of the Senate, to keep
these private claims off the appropriation bills.
Every Senator who has had any experience
here "will bear me out in the assertion that this
practice of putting private claims of this de-
scription on appropriation bills has led to very
gieat abuses. They are put on in the heat of
passing the bills themselves when they cannot
be well investigated, and the Treasury has in
times past been defrauded of a great deal ot
money in that way. Hence arose the ride:
and although this may be very meritorious, and
I am wiy much inclined t■ > believe it is. and
Co.nu. 1st Kkv.- No. St.
that this money ought to be paid this gentle-
man, there is no more reason for paying a
charg§ il'affaires thap the humblest clerk about
your Departments or Capitol, and not so much,
for probably he is better able to wait for his
money : and because this gentleman happened
to render these services without any authority
of law to pay him, that is the difficulty; there
is n-o putting out of sight that there was 110 law
to justify his payment out of any appropriation
that might bo made for those expenses: be-
cause that happened to he tlie case, and he is
a meritorious gentleman and has rendered
meritorious services, it does not change the
rule or live reason of the rule, or the necessity
of adhering as strictly as possible to what that
rule is. It was founded in good sense; it was
intended to protect the Government; and if,
according to our fancy, we vary from it in one
case and another, it will soon get to be a com-
mon practice, and every harrier and safeguard
will be broken down and taken away. 1 hope,
therefore, gentlemen will settle this question as
they mean to stand by it, and not with refer-
ence to their feelings in any individual case.
Mr. POMEROi'. 1 would not have said a
word in reference to this matter but for the fact
that the Senator from Maine spoke of this gen-
tleman as being a gentleman of fortune. I do
not know bow that may be 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I inferred so from the
debate that took place at the last session.
Mr. POMEHGY. My acquaintance with this
gentleman arose in this way: having been tel-
egraphed at the time of the battle of the Wil-
derness to recover the person of General Bart-
lett, who had been dangerously wounded, I
went down there and found this gentleman there
acting as a volunteer nurse.
Mr. FliSSEX'DEN. That has nothing to do
with the question at all.
Mr. POMEROY'. 1 thought if he was a
man of fortune be would hardly be there acting
as a volunteer nurse and taking care of our
soldiers.
Mr. FESSENDEN". Many persons of for-
tune not only devoted their time, but their for-
tunes to that work.
Mr. POMEl'OY. If he is a gentleman of
fortune, 1 am very glad to hear it. I do not
think he is. ile endeared himself to me very
much in his voluntary labors there.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 knuw this gentleman quite
well, an'd knew his parents before him. 1
would like to vote for this claim ; 1 believe it
to be just: but at the same time I concur with
the Senator from Maine in the belief that it is
a private claim, and if we can put it on this
billf we can put almost any other bill that can
be conceived of or introduced here and referred
to the Committee on Claims 011 a general ap-
propriation bill. If the Senatoi fiom Massa-
chusetts wilt introduce this claim as a sepaiale
and distinct measure. 1 will vole for it and do
anything J can to secure its passage through
this body and the Hoase of Representatives ;
but, notwithstanding my friendship for this gen-
tleman. and my desire to s"e this money repaid
to him, I 11m 1101 prepared In violate what 1
understand to bo one of the settled rules of this
body. There has only been one ease in the
eight sessions that 1 have been here that is an-
alogous to this case, and that was the case of a
coii.-ul to Havana by the name of Helm, from
Kentucky, to whom an allowance was made
under somewhat, similar circumstances 011 an
appropriation bill by the casting vote, 1 think.
I think the vote was one majority. 1 believe
he atterward went into the rebellion ; I am not
certain about that. 'That was considered as an
exceptional case, and every other similar case
has been rejected when it has been presented.
Mr. CONN ESS. 'I here has been much said,
and I presume will be again, upon the question
of the diifeience between public and private
claims. If the distinction made by the honorable
Senator fiom Indiana [Mi. Hnxnntcicsj is the
true one as betwe-n a public and piivate claim,
then we van uud'-rslaiid just where to apply
that I'die, bor 11 to tins ease and all other ca-es,
nairn-dy, that where the existing law a-uthorizes
certain services to be performed, and there is
a failure on the part oi the party to receive his
compensation because of a want of appropria-
tion in the public Treasury, that becomes and
is a public claim, and may bo supplied by an
amendment to an appropriation bill. If, on
the other hand, services have been rendered
without authority of law by a citizen or person,
then it becomes a private claim, and is to be
brought before Congress for examination, he
trusting to the equity of his case before Congress.
If that is to be the distinction, then it is clear
that this is a private claim, and the line be-
tween private and public claims may be easily
drawn. Therefore there is 110 hesitation in
my mind as to how to vote on the subject. I
will add that, after the statement of the Sena-
tor from Massachusetts, if he will intioduce a
bill to pay Mr. Clarke for these services I will
vote for it; but there ought to be a rule and a line
of distinction somewhere, and if the one made
by the honorable Senator from Indiana, if I
have apprehended it correctly, is the true one,
I think it is a clear one, and one easily to be
understood.
Mr. SUMNEIi. The Senator from Califor-
nia assumes that the line indicated by the Sen-
ator from Indiana is a correct one.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 say if it is.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator saya it is.
Mr. CONNESS. I say if it is.
Mr. SUMNEli. The Senator says "if it
is." I understand the Senator assumes that
it is.
Mr. CONNESS. It appears to be.
Mr. SUMNEli. Very well. It appears to
be. 1 try to state the Senator correctly. Now,
sir, there are many instances to the contrary ;
only one has been referred to: that of Mr.
Helm. I have not troubled myself this morn-
ing to look at the former precedents, but I
think there are at least two where marshals in
China have been paid on appropriation bills
for services having no precise sanction in the
existing law. Such services were contemplated,
but at the time they rendered them these par-
ties were not technically in the condition to
receive payment under the existing laws, and
nevertheless they have been paid on appro-
priation bills which have passed this body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There arc numerous
cases where private claims have got 011 appro-
priation bills. We try to keep them off, but
sometimes we cannot.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Maine re-
minds mo that there are numerous cases where
private claims have got on appropriation bills.
Ail 1 want the Senate to do is, to act on this
claim, not as a great precedent for the future,
nothing that is to make a precedent to bind you
in the great hereafter and as going to determine
an absolute rule of law. Meet this case on its
merits and its peculiar- circumstances. It is
only rarely that such a case can occur, that a
person can enter upon duties like these under
such circumstances, can perform them eo long,
and the country become so completely and
substantially his debtor. Such a case must bs
of very rare occurrence.
Now, sir, technically, and only technically,
this person could not look to the Department
for compensation, because be had not been ap-
pointed and confirmed by the Senate; but in
equity, I say, he could look to the Department
ot State and to his country for payment; and I
do submit, without any view of trenching upon
the rule of the Senate, that a caselike this may
properly be placed upon the appropriation bill.
There will be no sacrifice, lour bills will not
be embarrassed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Just as much by this
as anything else.
Mr. SUMNER. I submit the precedent will
not be a dangerous one; at any 1 ate that is the
way I view it. I cannot see it otherwise. It
seems to me it comes so closely to an obliga:
tion of the country under precise law that you
cannot err if you place it on this appropriation
bill.
Mr. HEXDlliCKS. I think it is not, of
much consequence whethor wo pay this elaim
