1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2401
had declared time and again that lie would hang
them; that He would make treason odious; that
it was the greatest crime known to the calendar
of crimes; that traitors should be punished.
This he had. declared, and they knew it. With
an army to back him, and loyal people to sus-
tain him in carrying out these declarations, they
never dreamed of finding clemency and en-
couragement and protection, as the sequel has
shown they have found, at his hands! Not only
protection, sir, butpromotion ! and he has given
them to understand that they have a constitu-
tional right to deliberate in the councils of the
Government they attempted to disrupt and
overwhelm; that they liavo a constitutional
right to make laws which are to determine the
future status of the States and the people of
those Slates who have been engaged in this
formidable rebellion against the Government.
Under the President's programme they are
becoming much emboldened of late. Many of
the southern papers insist upon it that all acts
of the present Congress are illegal and void, for
the reason that the eleven southern States are
denied representation in Congress. They even
go so far as to advise the President to call the
southern representatives to Washington, and
have them go in a body and claim their seats;
and in case opposition is offered to this pro-
posed outrage, they tell the President to apply
the bayonet and clear the House of the radicals!
This is easily enough said, but it will never be
done. The New York News, referring to this
subject of representation in a late number, said:
"The radicals oppose their admission. They bar
thedoors. They stand armed withstolen and unlaw-
ful weapons to dispute the passage of duly elected
members of Congress to their rightful scats in the
national Legislature. Then why does not the Chief
Magistrateof the Republic interpose his authority to
prevent this outrage against the representatives of
the States and of the peoplo? He has the power to
do so. Ho is Commander-in-Chief of tho armies of
the United States, and has at his disposal an armed
and disciplined force amply sufficient to preserve the
peace at the seat of Government, and to enforce obe-
dience to the laws beneath the roof of the Capitol of
the Republic. Let a day be fixed for tho representa-
tives of the southern States and people to take their
seatein Congress. The seats are thoro ready to receive
tho rightful claimants. Let them enter, take posses-
sion of their own and fulfill their official functions.
Should violence be offered thern by any man, or num-
ber of men, under any pretense whatsoever, let the
President send a detachment of Federal troops to
preserve order in the Capitol.
"If radical conspirators attempt to support their
usurpation by force, the consequences be upon their
heads. It is time that the Republic should have a
complete and constitutional Legislature. Wo have
been ruled too long by faction. We have been too
long subject to the caprices of fanatics. The country
must be permitted to resumo its normal condition, and
if revolutionists stand in tho way, the executive arm
is strong enough to sweep them from the path of
restoration."
The Richmond Whig gives the following
advice to Mr. Johnson:
"Call together a Congress composed of members
from all the States of the Union, as well those ot the
South as those of the North, and that if the radical
members should refuse to att^^d, that ho shall rec-
ognize the northern conservative members and the
southern members as tho lawful Congress to sit in
the Capitol and legislate for the country. The Whig
does not see how this programme could be accom-
plished peacefully and supposes that the radical
sectional Congress, as it terms it, would continue its
sessions, appeal to the people, and proceed to muster
an army if the United States Army should not side
with it. In that case tho Whig believes that the
President would be prepared to meet force with
force."
The Enquirer of the same date, discoursing
on the same subject, says :
" It is evident, indeed, that a violent collision be-
tween Congress and the President is inevitable, and.
is imminent, if the true spirit and intent of the Con-
stitution shall remain true, and its forms abused for
the usurpation of power. In this issuo the Pres-
ident has thus fa* been altogether in tho right, and
has evinced all the moderation. Congress has been
wholly in the wrong, and has displayed a corre-
sponding violence. That the public peace is yofc
unbroken is due to the President. It depends upon
Congress whether it can be permanently maintained,
for we take it for granted that the President will not
yioldhimself an unresisting victim to revolutionary
violence, whatever garb it may wear, or allow tho
Constitution, to defend which the sword has been
given him, to be overturned or destroyed. A con-
gressional com d'6tat can be met by a presidential
coup d'etat, and in the collision the hardest must
fend oif as to what should be the President's pillow."
The Charleston South Carolinian says:
" There are obvious steps to the more firm estab-
lishment ofttiisGovcrnmont in the call of a congress
39tu Conu. 1st Sfss.—No. 131.
composed of tho members of the southern States
and such, members of the present Congress as are
ready to sustain his policy. In such a congress there
would as large aScnate and nearly as large a House,
while with such a body to sustain him ho can even
more justly represent tho Government, and throw
the radicals, who bhall accept the issue, into the de-
fensive attitude of an adversary faction."
Is this " bringing forth fruits meet for repent-
ance," that the President used to talk about?
How do you like this picture of "reconstruct-
ed" rebels?
Ah! sir, this failure on the part of the Pres-
ident to call Congress together was a great
misfortune to this country; the greatest
which ever befell it, perhaps, with the excep-
tion of one. It was a greater misfortune
when Booth, the assassin, sent his bullet,
with unerring certainty, through the brain
of that purest and best man, who, by his pa-
triotism and by his virtue, ennobled and ele-
vated that country for which ho died. That
was one of the great calamities which befell
the country. Ah! how little did we then know
how much we lost. The next, as it has
turned out, was that Andrew Johnson was
Vice President I Had Andrew Johnson been
an honest man, and had he been with us,
from principle, in this contest, it wonld, sir,
have softened the rigor of that first calamity
to the American people.
But Andrew Johnson was never with the
Republican party on principle ; never, sir. In
the first place he was for maintaining this Union,
as can be proved by his last speech in tho
United States Senate, with slavery; for he
deemed slavery secure only in the Union. In
that speech he distinctly avowed that he was
going "to fight for slavery in the Union ho
was satisfied that in tho Union was the only
safety for slavery, and that outside of it was
certain ruin. He emphatically declared that
"the institution would be perpetual if southern
men stood together in the Ijpion."
Andrew Johnson is essentially a southern
man. Born, reared, and educated in the South,
he has the prejudices of the southern people ;
he has their animosities, their hatreds, and their
superstitions. He, however, was never recog-
nized by the leaders of the South, who in-
augurated the rebellion, as one of their peers,
so he sacrificed nothing of a social character
when he refused to go with them. He had
never been with them as one of the spokes in
their political wheel. Andrew Johnson to-day
is filled with the poison of the malaria of
slavery which he inhaled in his infancy, and
during tho ripening years of his life, and this I
say in extenuation of his present position. lie
talked loudly, eloquently, and well with refer-
ence to the odiousness of the rebellion and the
blackness of the crime of treason while it was
his interest to do so. While he could remain
in the United States Senate, or so soon as he
resigned that position receive the appointment
of military governor of Tennessee, and go there
and maintain authority and power, and receive
the emoluments of office, he could talk as
loudly in favor of the maintenance of the
Union, and for the suppression of the rebel-
lion, and that traitors ought to bo punished,
and all that, as any man. I do not know but
he has excelled almost any other in his denun-
ciations of treason, and in his assertion that it
must be punished, Sc., and that the people
must be taught that treason is the crime of
crimes.
But, sir, so soon as Andrew Johnson finds
himself clothed with executivepower and with
the immense patronage of his position, and so
soon as he had surveyed the political field, he
says to the people of the South "All my denun-
ciations against you are nothing but gammon.
I am talking that for New England. I never
mean to carry out any of my threats against
you. You take care to sustain my policy, and
in 18081 will be the candidate for the Presi-
dency. I will see that none of your necks
are stretched for treason; I will see that none
of you suffer; I will take care of the South if
you will let me humbug the northern people
by thesa denunciations against the offense
of treason. Do this and it will all come out
right."
Mr. Speaker, I believe the gentleman from
Missouri [Mr. Hogajt] delivered a speech on
this floor a few days since, in which he" chal-
lenged the Union party, or any of its Repre-
sentatives in this Congress, "to show wherein
Andrew Johnson had been a "traitor to the
pledges and professions he had msidp. during
the rebellion." Is it to be expected that any
one is to bp gammoned by any such "gascon-
ade" as this? Are we to lie told, and is it to
be believed, that Andrew Johnson occupies to-
day the same position that ho held in 1864 and
has held from 1861 up to within the past few
months ? There is a radical difference between
the Andrew Johnson of to-day and the Andrew
Johnson of a year ago; there is also an antago-
nism between the men who elected him and
the men who now support him. Is not An-
drew Johnson to-day trampling upon the prin-
ciples he sustained and proclaimed a year ago?
I proclaim here thaHie is, and I will prove it
by his own record. Why, sir, if the Andrew
Johnson of to-day is the man we elected Vibe
President then wo have most wonderfully trans-
formed ourselves. Somebody has been trans-
formed. Either the Democratic party that
denounced him as a traitor and a scoundrel
of the deepest dye has been transformed, or
the Union party or Mr. Johnson has been
'' transmogrified." Somebody has changed—
things are not now as they were. That party
which recently denounced him now sustain
him, from Vallandigham down, filling tho air
with huzzahs in his praise. Unless the entire
Union party has been transformed in a brief
period there has a change come over tho spirit
of the dreams of the Democratic party, and
over its actions, too. Is it the Union party or
the Democratic or Andrew Johnson that has
changed?
Sir, the Union party has not changed, nor
has the Democratic party changed. The Dem-
ocratic party is the same uncompromising foe
of progress, civilization, liberty, and justice
that it ever was during the rebellion, and the
Union party stands to-day where it has always
stood, undaunted andjhyincible, neither intim-
idated by threats nor seduced byjjatronage, the
constant and untiring friend of wberty, union,
and universal justice 1 God bless the Union
party, say I!
There is nothing in common between the
Democratic and the Union party. There is an
antagonism which is irreconcilable between
them; an antagonism as great as that between
the Union party and Andrew Johnson. That
antagonism does not exist between tho Demo-
cratic party and the President. Andrew John-
son is doing all lie can to sustain the Demo-
cratic party. He has abandoned his old
friends. He has betrayed the party that gave
him a name and a position among the poten-
tates of the earth. He has betrayed the prin-
ciples that he himself advocated within the
past four years. He ha/ given the lie to the
sentiments which he expressed during the war
on vital and important questions
Sir, no man can make me believe, nor the
Union men of this country, that the Demo-
cratic party which opposed the war, which
created the Chicago platform of 1864, declar-
ing the experiment of restoring the Union by
war a failure; the party which strove to get up
"a fire in the rear" of tho loyal heroes fighting
to put down the rebellion; no man can make
me believe that that party in sustaining the
Andrew Johnson of to-day is supporting the
Andrew Johnson of 1862, 1863, and 1864.
The Democratic party are not fools. They
know that they are sustaining a man who co-
incides with them, and who is promoting their
interests. They are using him to aggrandize
their party, and when they have accomplished
their ends they will drop him. And the time
will come when he will be so low that there will
none "so poor as to do him reverence," even
in the Democratic party.
I assert that there never existed a man so
exalted or so powerful that ha could betray tha
