S73
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 28,
for their destruction. It is a mockery to say that
a man's agent shall be his enemy and shall be
appointed without his consent and against his.
desire, and by other enemies.
In fact, I cannot see how any northern man
can vote against this measure unless he wishes
to perpetuate an injustice to his section, because
the-effect of it will clearly be to increase the
representation of the North and decrease that
ofthe South; and this, too, upon a basis of un-
doubted justice. It means simply that those
who do not take part in the Government shall
not be represented in the Government.
So far ther'e can be no question as to the
merit of the measure; but something more is
claimed for it.
It is claimed that this amendment will act as
a grand panacea for all the ills that afflict the
nation ; that by its persuasive force it will in-
duce the South to give suffrage and education
to the freedman, and that when we have done
this we should halt and allow this sovereign
remedy to work its cure.
Sir, I doubt this. I do not think any gen-
tleman ought to vote for this measure under
any such belief.
Is it to be believed that the southern people,
tinder the influence of a vague hope that in
some distant future they may regain possession
of national power, will overcome their deep-
seated antipathy and contempt for ihe negroes
around them, and admit them to the ballot-
box?
Politicians eager for power might so far over-
come their natural prejudices, but the body of
the people have no such love for office, no such
far-reaching expectations of power, while they
are profoundly and directly affected by their per-
sonal likes and dislikes and by those convictions
which are the result of centuries. Nay, more;
the means by which they would seek their ob-
' ject would defeat it, for the right of suffrage
once extended to the negro they are well aware
would strengthen the North and divide the
South. Do they not now have to employ north-
ern men to induce the negroes to work for
them? Do they not know that the negro will
believe the word of a common soldier from the
North rather than the solemn enactment of a
Legislature of southern men? Will they be wild
enough to hope that they can strengthen them-
selves and weaken the North by giving the right
of suffrage to the best friends of the North? It
is not to be believed.
Mr. Speaker, when we vote for this measure,
it must be because we think it right and neces-
sary, not that it may furnish us with an excuse
fof failing to do all other right and necessary
things expected of us by the people. We must
take direct, not sidelong measures. We must
make laws, not arguments. We must enforce,
not induce.
To pass this law and then hope that South
Carolina, moved by the hope of future power,
would do justice to the negro, is absurd. She
has 291,.'500 whites and 412,400 negroes. To
pass such a law would be for the governing
power to divest itself of the government and
hand it over to a subject and despised caste,
and thai, too , for a faint hope of some future ad-
vantage that might never be realized under the
most favorable circumstances, and certainly
could never bo realized by the aspiring class
abdicating and relinquishing power. The same
is true, more or less, of all the South. In Mis-
sissippi there are P>5S,901 whites, and 430,031
negroes; and in all the States the negro vote
would be large enough to turn the scale against
the disloyal party.
I shall vote for this measure, not as a finality,
but as a partial step, as one of a series of neces-
sary laws; not, as I have heard it termed, as a
"compromise/1 For one I shall not rest satis-
fied until every security is given for the safety,
the prosperity, and the development of all the
people of the South, without distinction of race
or color, feeling assured that in that only can
we find the safety of the South and the well-being
of the nation.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield the floor to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, [Mr. Sloan.]
Mr. SLOAN. Mr, Speaker, I desire to call
the attention of the House to a proposition which
I had the honor to submit at the last session of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress in relation to this
subject. That proposition provides that the
right of representation in this House shall be
based upon the right of suffrage—upon the
numbers who are allowed the right to vote in
the respective States. The amendment which
has been reported by the committee is intended
to apply the same principle, but not to adopt
it directly. It is an indirect attempt to adopt
that principle and incorporate it in the Con-
stitution.
I need not say, Mr. Speaker, that it is neces-
sary, in amending the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States, to use plain, direct, and certain lan-
guage—such language as cannot be evaded or
perverted. I need only refer to the argument
of the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] to
prove that this indirect attempt oil the part of
the committee to base representation upon the
right of suffrage is subject to evasion and abuse,
that it will be found impossible to so guard
this provision that some device may not be ori-
ginated which will defeat the object of it. If,
on the other hand, the issue is clearly made—
if the provision in the Constitution is plain and
direct, that representation shall be based upon
the number of those -who are allowed to exer-
cise political power in the several States, eva-
sion or defeat of the object on the part of the
Legislature or the people of any State will be
entirely impossible.
The.gentleman from New York [Mr. Coxk-
lixg] who professes himself opposed to the
principle I advocate, and who made in form an
argument against it, made, notwithstanding, in
effect and substance, the strongest argument
perhaps that could be made in favor of aban-
doning the proposition which the committee
have reported, and adopting the principle which
I am advocating. Confining his attention to a
proposition which simply provides that repre-
sentation should be based upon the qualified
electors of the States, he said that inequality
and injustice might be done by some States al-
lowing minors to vote and other States limiting
the right of suffrage to those of the age of twenty-
one years and upward.
Rut, sir. the amendment which I propose will
get rid of that objection by making the qualifi-
cation universal, that only electors of the age of
twenty-one years and upward shall be made the
basis of representation in any State, lie finds
another objection, that the word "male'-is not
used, and that some ofthe States may give the
right of suffrage to women. The word'' male''
inserted will obviate that objection.
He states another objection also, that some
States may extend the right of suffrage to aliens.
The word "citizen" put into the proposition
will cut off that objection.
The amendment I propose is that " qualified
male electors, citizens of the United States of
the age of twenty-one yoms and upward, shall
be the basis of representation.'' I think that
nearly every objection he made will be taken
away by that amendment; and there is nothing
of objection left, except the. point made by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Bi.aixe,] which is
that in some ofthe States there is a larger pro-
portion of female and minor population than
in others; but to that the gentleman from New
York [Mr. Coxici.ixo] furnished a conclusive
answer by showing that the difference is so small
it would not have any appreciable effect upon
the practical result.
In the amendment which 1 propose we have
a naked simple proposition, by which we put a
strong motive upon the States to extend the
right of suffrage to the whole people within the
limitations stated without regard to difference
of race or color.
Mr. CONlvLING. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin, who has alluded to me,
that he does injustice to the argument I made
by omitting the whole substance of it. Repre-
sentation and direct taxes here go together.
Now, then, all persons, as the Constitution
stands, are counted for both purposes—free per-
sons. The women and children constitute four
fifths of the citizens of the United States, and I
ask whether he proposes so far to impoverish
the basis of taxation as to exclude four fifths of
citizens for that purpose; or whether he pro-
poses the injustice of subjecting women and
children to taxation, at the same time denying
them the right of representation? That is the
point I made in answer to the gentleman's prop-
osition; and I would like to know what his
answer is for that argument.
Mr. SLOAN. If the gentleman from New
York had contented himself to wait until I
reached that portion of the amendment which
relfers to taxation, I should have endeavored to
make an answer to his suggestion which might
have satisfied him; but, inasmuch as he has
called my attention here to the connection of
the subjects of taxation and representation in
the resolutions reported from the committee, I
will say now that the fact that taxation and rep-
resentation are couplcd together in that report,
and that taxation is to be based in any manner
upon population, furnishes to my mind one of
the strongest objections to the adoption of the
resolutions reported by the committee. Taxa-
tion and representation were joined together in
the Constitution, when it was formed, as a mat-
ter of compromise; the South desiring political
power which would result from the counting of
slaves in the basis of representation, while they
were generally regarded as property, and the
'North reluctant to yield to this demand of the
South, and only yielding it as a matter of com-
promise in consideration of the South conced-
ing that they should also enter into the basis
of taxation to the same extent that they were
counted in representation. I undertake to say
that in making that compromise, justifiable per-
haps at the time and under the circumstances,
a principle of taxation entirely unfair, entirely
unjust, was incorporated in the Constitution.
It was purely a compromise, the South conced
ing the right to tax three fifths of the slaves,
and the North conceding that three fifths of
slaves should be represented, and it can only
be defended on the ground that it was a com-
promise necessary, perhaps, to secure the adop-
tion of the Constitution by the requisite num-
ber of States.
The principle of taxation thus incorporated
in the Constitution has always been an unjust
one. There are some districts which have as-
sessable property to the amount of five times
as much as other districts in the country.
Several Members. One hundred times.
Mr. SLOAN. Yes, sir. And for that reason
we have refused to resort to direct taxation.
There has been but one direct tax laid since
the organization of the Government, and that
was by the Thirty-Seventh Congress at the com-
mencement of the rebellion. A section was re-
ported last year from the Committee of Ways
and Means by its distinguished chairman, [Mr.
Stevens,] continuing this dircet tax ; but the
injustice of the rule of taxing according to popu-
lation, and not according to wealth and to ability
to pay, was so manifest that the proposition met
with no favor in this House, and was voted
down by a large majority. The injustice and
inequality of this rule are admitted and ac-
knowledged by all. It is a principle that has
been universally repudiated in this country. It
has been adopted in no State, in no county, in
no town, in no municipal corporation, of ap-
portioning taxation according to population.
Taxes are universally assessed, as they ought
to bo assessed, upon the property, upon the
wealth of a district. That shows the ability to
pay, property, not persons; but property ought
always to pay the taxes. It is so just a rule
that every man intuitively recognizes it. There
is no answer to it. The necessity of continuing
this inequitable and unjust rule of taxation has
entirely ceased. We are no longer called upon
to make compromises with slavery. That ac-
cursed institution has been swept away by the
victorious march of our armies, and slave rep-
resentation has been buried in the ruins of the
rebellion. And one strong reason why this
House should refuse to concur in the report of
