1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
l443
good thing. It will show future ages what these
fishing boundaries were; but they will never
probably be established precisely ill the same
way, and if they are, it will be some time to
come, I imagine. At any rate, if we are not to
have a new treaty the whole thing is useless,
all the expenditure is good for nothing, and
the map is of no consequence. It only shows
■what was, and not what is.
Now, I prefer that this amendment should
not be adopted here, and that in the mean time
the honorable Senator look into it and get the
details of this bill and let us see what it does
mean in reality, and then it may be put on
some other bill. There will be another defi-
ciency bill here, undoubtedly, during the ses-
sion; and I would rather have more infor-
mation before I agree to it, or before I will
advise the Senate to agree to it.
Mr. SUMXEK. I certainly do not wish to
have any question with the Senator on this
point, but he knows front his own position on
his committee that we have not our choice of
duties always. He represents his committee,
Etnd I, in my humble way, represent that with
which 1 am connected. This question came
before the committee in the ordinary course of
business on a communication from the Depart-
ment of State. I am free to say that 1 did not
go behind-that communication. It seemed so
explicit, so entirely to the point, as to super-
sede inquiry. 1 accepted it oil its face; the
committee accepted it on its face, and directed
me to make the motion which 1 have made.
Now, I ask the .Senator from Maine whether,
tinder the circumstances, he thinks it advisable
for us to go behind the positive statement of
the Secretary of State on this subject. That
is the first inquiry I will address to him.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will answer that di-
rectly. It is my invariable practice, if I do not
understand fully a proposed appropriation, or
I ain not satisfied with its details, I get the in-
formation before I agree to it; I call for further
information and explanation.
"Mr. SUMNER. 1 hope the Senator will
pardon me if I ask him again what details are
needed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I want to know how
they make out this sum of §3,000. 1 cannot
see how they make it out.
Mr. COXXESS. VvTiat is it for?
Mr. SUMNER. It is slated what it is for ;
I will read again for the benefit of the Senator :
For pay of United States commissioner 
Mr. COXNESS. What does he do?
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is the fishing bound-
ary commission.
Mr. SUMNER.
I will finish it-
ami for pay of the United States surveyor, and for
incidental expenses in the exeeation of {lie duty as-
signed to the joint. commission appointed under the
first artieleof rhe reciprocity treat., bet ween 1 he Uni-
ted States and Great Britain of the 5th June, 1851,
from November 1, I860, to March, IStju.
Mr. COXXESS. Who get it?
Mr. SUMNEIl. The Senator asks me who
get it. The commissioner and United States
surveyor get it.
Mr. CONN ESS. What did they do. and
when was it done?
Mr. SUMNER. I will answer both ques-
tions : what did they do. and when was it
done? They did the duties of commissioner
and United States surveyor, and they did them
from No\ ember 1, lytio. to March, l<Siiti.
Mr. CONXESS. What are the duties?
What did they do?
Mr. SUMXER. The duties of a United
States commissioner and surveyor under the
joint commission appointed under the first
article of the reciprocity treaty. If the Sen-
ator asks me the details of their duties, I can-
not give them.
Mr FESSCXDEX. I can fell the Senator
from California, if he really wants to know.
Mr COXXESS. 1 do.
Mr FESSEXDEX. The treaty made eer-
ta,n provisions relative to fishing boundaries :
that is. how in ar our fishermen should be
allowed to go to the British coast, and a com-
mission was provided for to run that line and
establish it permanently, so that it might be
known how near the British coast we had a
right to go, and where they had a right to eome
on our coast also.
Mr. CONNESS. Are they running that line
yet.?
'Mr. FESSENDEN. It seems that it is now
finished, and part of this appropriation is for a
map designating where the line is.
Mr. SUMNEIl. 'Then to come to another
point of the Senator from Maine, I understood
him to ask what is to be the use of all this.
If the service is rendered, that is hardly a fair
question to ask. If these people ha\ e gone on
under the direction of the Government of the
United Stales, and have made a map and have
ran these lines, I think the question is entirely
out of place, what is to be the use of it; but
still I am ready to go a little further and say
what is the use. The Senate will observe the
dates, from November 1,180"), to March, 1806.
Now, it is said by the Senator from Maine that
the treaty has expired, and therefore this can
be of 110 use. But, sir. when this service was
ordered, who could say that out of this treaty
which was to expire on the 17th day of this
month another treaty would not arise? I take
it there are very few Senators who, a year ago,
when the notice was K'ven to Great Britain,
did not suppose that that treaty in some form
or other, by amendment and through further
negotiation, would in some way be renewed.
Circumstances have occurred, to which 1 only
allude, but which I do not wish to discuss,
which have prevented the revival or the con-
tinuance of that treaty. The treaty falls, at
least for the present: but unquestionably the
proper Department of our Government felt it
its duty to go 011 and aomplete this informa-
tion, and therefore to complete this map with
regard to these fishing lines under the treaty.
It seems to me they would have been open to
criticism had they not gone 011 to complete that
map, and to do what I understand they have
done under the treaty.
Now, sir, I do not wish to press this claim
if the Senate do not think, on the communica-
tion of the Department of State, that the clann
is sufficiently sustained : if the Senate do not
believe this positive averment of the Secretary
with regard to something which must have
taken place. Jtis not anything prospective,
but something that must, have taken place, be-
cause the service is fiom November 1, 1805,
to March, Itjtjti, for services done under the
direction of the Department of State, and here
is the estimate. I do not know what more
you could have. The Senator would like to
have further details. If the Senate think it
worth while that the claim should go over in
order to ascertain all these details I shall en-
deavor to obtain them; but 1 must say I think,
all things considered, the estimates ought to be
recognized.
Mr. FESSEXDEX. This nmp was made
by the surveyor, and why he should be paid
for that in addition to his salary I do not un-
derstand.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. On page 34, section twelve,
alter line thirty-four I move to insert the fol-
lowing: *
To supply a. deficiency in the appropriation forthe
Naral Academy for the fiscal year ending June SO,
1300, ^>178,001.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HEXDR1CKS. I ask the attention of
the chairman of the committee to an amend-
ment which I desire to offer. I presume he
will not object to it. It is 011 page 22, line five
hundred and eighteen of seel ton one. 1 pro-
pose to increase the appropuation made in that
paragraph by S3,000. The appropriation is
now £5,000. I propose to make it $8,000; so
that the clause will read:
For the fencing in, repair, and completion of the
United Stales court-house and post otliee at Indian-
apolis, Indiana, and paving the sidewalks in front of
the panic, the sum of 83,000, or such part thereof as
may be necessary, to be expended under the Secretary
of the luteiioi.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the amendment explained.
Mr. HENDBICKS. The purpose of the
amendment is to get enough to uo the work.
I^ive thousand dollars is not enough. The im-
portance of it is shown in every way possible.
I know it personally myself. This court-house
building is within a few doors of my law office,
and I know the necessity of- this work being
completed. The district judge has also recom-
mended it earnestly to the Interior Department.
The marshal, the clerk, and the district attor-
ney have all urged upon the Department to
make a recommendation, and the Department
has made a recommendation, and says it is very
important to complete this building and the
fencing of the lot and to make a pavement.
This building is in the center of Indianapolis,
and in a very elegantly built-up part of the city,
and it is very proper and right that it should be
finished. The Secretary says:
"My attention has been called to thesubjeot by the
Post Office Department, and on repoatod occasions
by the marshal of the district of Indiana: but I have
no fund under my control appiieablo to the required
improvement. Eight thousand dollars will be needed
for that, and X recommend to the Committee of Ways
and Means llie, appropriation of that amount. X
submit a draft of a section," &<'.
This is the recommendation, and the present
Secretary has repeated it in a letter to myself,
inclosing this to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "What was the original
estimate?
Air. IIEXDRTCKS. I do not know.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is that letter from the
Secretary of the Interior?
Mr. KENDLUCKS. Yes, sir, frora the
former Secretary of the Interior and indorsed
by the present Secretary. Eight thousand
dollars is necessary to do the work.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. COXXESS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee 011 the Pacific llailroad to oiler the fol-
lowing amendment to come in on page 19,
section one, after line four hundred and forty-
seven :
Appropriations required to meet deficiencies for
the fiscal yeiu commencing 1st day of July, ISfij, and
terminating t!0th day of June, 3866, on account of
Engineer otliee. Department of the Interior, having
the.supervision of the Pacific railroad and branches,
the lau<l-Rrant railroads, the wagon roads, Sre.;
For compensation of one Government commissioner.
Central Pacific railroad, appointed agreeably to act
ot July 1, IStjJ. and amended act of July 2,1864, and
instructed by the Secretary of the Interior to attend
mooting of board of Government directors, commis-
sioners. and engineer at Washington, District of
Columbia, January 10, 1860, for puipose of fixing:
standard of railroad to which the Pacific railroad
and blanches shall conform, soventy-fivo days, at
eight dollars per day, ftSOO.
For mileage of said eornmjsioners from ban Fran-
cisco to Washington, six thousand five hundred and
sixty-nine miles, and back, at ten cents per mile,
41,813 80.
For compensation of five Government directors
while attending meeting of board of Government
d'u ectors, commissioners, and engineer, for purposes
above stated, ten days, at eight dollars per day each,
3-100. , „ ,
For mileage of do. from their residences to VV asu-
ington and back, $700.
For mileage of Government engineer from Cin-
cinnati, Ohio, to Omaha, Nebraska, and thenee to
Washington, in July, 1805, directed by the President
of the United States to examine and report upon
Union Pacific railroad routes west from Omaha, two
thousand nine hundred and two miles, at ten cents
pei mile, $200 20.
For mileage of do. from Washington to iSew lork
and back, in August, 18C<">, on account of Union Pa-
cific railway, two hundred and twenty-fne miles each
wav, at ten cents per mile, f'orty-tive dollars.
For compensation of three Government commis-
sioners appointed by the President of the united
States, agreeably to a -t. of July 1, 186-', to examine
! forty miles of Union Pacific railroad, eastern divis-
ion, (Kansas branch,) in Mav, 1865, fourteen days, at
eight dollars per c,y each, $>830.
For miiI,age of do., at ten cents per mile, SiJ)0.
For compensation of two Government commission-
ers appointed by the Pre-ident ot the I nited States
to reexamine forty miles Onion Paciiic railroad
eastern division, 111 October, ISoo, thirty-one days, at
eight dollars each per day, ?!«>.
For mileage, at t-n cents per mile, 5 00. _ _
For compensation and mileage of one commissioner
of Union Pacific railroad and 011c commissioner of
' Union Pacific railroad, eastern division, appointed by
1 the President agreeably to the act of J uly 1,18G2, and
: amended act of Julv 2, J8C4, during three cxamina-
' tioiif, of railroad belore the close ot the.fiscal year,
j tweritv d.iv.- ,-ach, at '^450 each examination for cueli
( road, in all six examinations, ^?.7tl0.
! For compensation and mileage of three eommig-
