1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2m
feited by the crime of treason, and that crime
has not been expiated. There has been no
forgiveness, there has been no restoration of
that right of citizenship, and that forfeiture
continues to-day, so that there has not been a
legal vote cast by a rebel since the inaugura-
tion of the rebellion. " He forfeited his right
to vote with loyal men when he sought to
destroy our Government."
"We say to the most honest and industrious for-
eigner who comcs from England or Germany to dwell
among us and to add to the wealth of the country,
' Before you can be a citizen you must stay here for
five years.' If we are so cautious about foreigners,
who voluntarily renounce their homes to live with
us, what should we say to the traitor who, although
born and reared among us, has raised a parricidal
hand against the Government which always pro-
tected him?"
Those were burning words, and how timely
they are now. If the executive power were
to carry those words into execution, Andrew
Johnson would stand to-day among the hon-
ored men of the world, and as one of the first
champions of liberty on the earth, if not the
very first.
" My judgment is that he should be subjectod to a
severe ordeal before ho is restored to citizenship."
That was said by Andrew Johnson when
Governor of Tennessee. What ordeal is he
subjected-to before he is restored to citizen-
ship, as Mr. Johnson now understands it? I
will tell you. It is the ordeal of a trip to Wash-
ington to ask Andrew Johnson to pardon him.
And that is all the ordeal he has to pass through.
If he cannot get money enough to make his
personal appearance, an application, I sup-
pose, through the mail  
A Member. Or female. [Laughter.]
Mr. INGERSOLL. Yes; I bave^heard it
said that a female was quite as effective.
Let me continue this, for it is refreshing.
"A fellow," says Mr. Johnson, in referring
to a rebel. Does Andrew Johnson call one of
these southern people a fellow ? Oh, yes; but
that was in 1862 and 1863. Now it is "the
honorable gentleman from Mississippi," "My
friends from Virginia," "The noble chivalry
of the South whom I have so long and inti-
mately known, and can so thoroughly trust."
[Laughter.] But he then said:
"A fellow who takes the oath in erely to save his prop-
erty. and denies the validity of the oath, is a perjured
man, and not to be trusted. Before these repenting
rebels can be trusted let them bring forth the fruits
of repentance."
If the loyal people ask Andrew Johnson to
show the fruits he has gathered from repenting
rebels, what can he show them? He can show
them nothing but stacks of applications for
pardons 1
" He who helped to make all these widows and
orphans, who draped the streets of Kasliville in
mourning, should suffer for his great crime. The
work is in our own hands."
That is a good point well presented. Let it
be reechoed by the people of the North, that
he who helped to make these widows and
orphans and drape the land in mourning should
suffer for his great crime. But how does he
suffer for his great crime under Andrew John-
son ? By receiving a pardon with the seal of
the Executive upon it or a commission to a
Federal-office. That is all the suffering I have
heard of as yet.
"The work is in our own hands." Ah!
that was true and would be to-day if Andrew
Johnson was true to the principles he advo-
cated a few months ago. The work is in my
opinion in our own hands yet, whether ho is
with us or against us. We shall rely upon the
steady and unflinching loyalty of the people,
and Andrew Johnson though President will
find when he opposes the executive power
against the eternal principles of right which
have been sustained by all this blood and treas-
ure that he will be as powerless as a rush ;
that he will be overborne by the power of the
people, and will find that the people in the
right are greater and more powerful than the
President in the wrong. I shall trust the
people. I shall appeal from Andrew Johnson
to the people, and I fear not their verdict.
They will vote for Congress as it is, and Andrew
Johnson as he was!
Sir, let Andrew Johnson remember that the
very people who are sustaining him to-day, the
very men who are calling upon the country to
support the President's policy, arc the same
men who so vehemently denounced him and
hounded him but a few months ago. They are
the men who were against him and all others
who were fighting for the Government during
the bloody years of war. None of his old
friends support him now, except it may bo
some parasite, some lick-spittle who wants
some contemptible office within his gift. They
are the only ones. Every high-mmded man
who was for this war and this Government,
for freedom and justice, is against Andrew
Johnson to day. Yes, sir, let him remember
he could not to-day in the grand State of Illi-
nois, who sent forth two hundred and fifty
thousand of her sons to fight for the mainte-
nance of the principle and sentiments he ut-
tered in his speech at Nashville, get those men
to go for him now although they voted for him
in 1864. There is but one place they would
go to now on his account, and that is to his
political funeral. They would gladly follow
him to his political grave.
Mr. Speaker, if he were a high-minded and
honest man, when he finds he cannot carry out
the principles of the party which placed him in
power, that he cannot maintain the policy
maintained byhisifrae friends, he should resign
his office. 1 believe we had an example of
that kind in the Thirty-Eighth Congress. Mr.
Stebbins, elected by, the Democratic party in
New York, found, when he came here, that he
could not carry out the principles of the party
which had elected him, and be accordingly
resigned his seat like an honest man ! Andrew
Johnson should follow that example, and re-
sign, for I declare that he is not carrying out
nor intending to carry out the principles of the
party which elected him Vice President!
But let me proceed with his speech:
"Ah. these rebel leaders have a strong personal
reason for holding out—to save their necks from the
halter; and these leaders must feel the power of the
Government."
They did not know that he was going to be
President, or that "reason for holding out"
would not have existed.
That is not all. "Treason must be made
odious." Is that all? "And traitors must
be punished and iiyipoveriskedV In 1862 he
declared they must be punished and impover-
ished, and now, sir, he is restoring every acre
of land they enjoyed or occupied which by the
military power had been turned over to the
poor freedmen, taking it from them and hand-
ing back to these rebels. That is the way in
which Andrew Johnson makes treason odious.
Failing to make it odious by punishing south-
ern men, he himself has made it odious by his
treachery to the party and the principles of
the party which placed him in power! If he
is not a traitor to the Government and Con-
stitution of the United States he is a traitor to
the party which clected him \"ice President,
and to the sentiments which fell from his lips
in 1862, and which found a welcome response
in the hearts of the loyal men of the country.
Hear him again:
" Treason must be made odious, and traitors must
be punished and impoverished. Their great planta-
tions must be seized, and divided into small farms,
and sold to honest, industrious men. Tho day for
protecting the lands and negroes of these authors of
rebellion is past. It is high time it was."
It was past then, and you, Andrew Johnson,
should not have inaugurated a different policy.
You have brought the dark days back I You
have reversed the order of things. Instead of
dividing up their '' great plantations'' and sell-
ing them to honest and industrious men, you
are restoring to rebels their plantations, grant-
ing them pardons, and asking their admission
into the Congress of the United States 1
I now read from his speech upon the fall of
Richmond:
"Ifwehad an Andrew Jacksonhewouldhani? them
as hii'h as Haman, but as he i  no more, and sleeps in
his grave in his own beloved State, where traitors
and treason have even insulted his tomb and tho
very earth that covers his remains, humble as I am,
when you ask mo what I would do, my reply is, I
would arrest them, I would try thorn, I would con-
vict them, and I would hang them."
A little further on, in the same speech, lie
In my opinion, evil-doers should be punished.
Treason is the highest crime known in the catalogue
of crimes, and for him that is guilty of it, for him that
is willing to lift his impious hand against the authority
of the nation, I would say, death is too easy a punish-
ment. My notion is that treason must bo made odioua
and traitors must bo punished and impoverished; -
their social power must bo broken, and they must be
made to feel the penalty of their crimes. Hence I say
tho halter to intelligent, influential traitors."
Suppose, sir, he should declare such senti-
ments to-day, what would be the effect? The
throng that now surrounds him at the White
House would disappear; the smiles of north-
ern Democrats and the caresses of southern
rebels -would cease at once.
But let us see what further he says:
" The American people must be taught, if they do
not already feel, that treason is a crime and must be
punished; that the Government will not always bear
with its enemies; that it is strong, not only to protect,
but to punish."
Sir, under the rule of Andrew Jolmson it is
neither strong to protect loyalty nor to punish
treason, for he refuses both. By his vetoes of
the Freedmen's Bureau billand ofthe civil rights
bill, he refuses that protection which he declared
it was the duty of the American people to ex-
tend to the frecdman and to tho poor southern
Unionist. And he refuses to punish traitors.
He has had within his power Jefferson Davis,
the head and front of the rebellion, for one
year, and has not yet ordered him to trial. He
refuses to punish everybody that held any lead-
ing position in connection with the rebellion.
Again, Mr. Johnson says:
""When wo turn to tho criminal code and examine
the catalogue of crimes, we there find arson laid
down as a crime, with appropriate penalty: we find
there theft and robbery and murder given as crimes;
and there, too, we find the last and highest of crimes,
treason. With other and inferior offenses ourpeoplo
are familiar; but in our peaceful history treason has
been almost unknown. The people must understand
that it is the blackest of crimes and will be surely
punished. 1" make this allusion, not to excite the
already exasperated feelings of the public, but to
point out the principles of public justice which should
guideour action at this particular juncture, and which
accord with sound public morals. Let itbe engraven
on every heart that treason is a crime, and that trai-
tors shall suffer its penalty. While we are appalled,
overwhelmed at the fall of one man in our midst by
the hand of a traitor, shall we allow men—I cave not
by what weapons—to attempt the life of the state
with impunity 1 While we strain our minds to com-
prehend the enormity of this assassination, shall we
allow the nation to be assassinatod?"
Shall we allow the nation to be assassinated?.
That is the question that is upon us to-day,
and if Andrew Johnson persists in the course
he is now following, this nation will be in dan-
ger of assassination by tho same fell power that
took the life of Abraham Lincoln. They may
not use the same weapon, but it will be as mur-
derous in its effects upon the life of the nation.
The pretense is the restoration of the southern
Slates and the readmission of rebels to the Con-
gress ofthe United States. Carry out the policy
of Andrew Johnson, and you will restore the
old order of things, if the Government is not
entirely destroyed ; you will have the same old
slave power, the enemy of liberty and justice,
ruling this nation again, which ruled it for so
many years.
In a conversation with Sir Frederick Bruce,
the President used this language :
" The time has come when traitors must be taught
that they are criminals. The country has fairly made
up its mind on this point; and it can find no more
earnest agent of its will than myself."
What egotism! No more earnest agent, of
the people's will than himself! Has he.not
falsified that by every act he has done for the
last six months? Why, he could not make an
address two years, or even one year ago, without
speaking of the odiousness of treason and the
certainty of its punishment. But now, though
he has not ceased to make speeches, he has
ceased to talk about treason being made odious
