3364
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
fairs, that committee has invariably reported
them back and had them seat to the Committee
on Claims. This is the claim of a State for
money which she says she expended in behalf
of the Government and which ought to be re-
imbursed. The Committee on Military Affairs,
it seems to me, have no more to do with it than
any other committee.
Mr. POMEROY. The bills for paying claims
of the State of Missouri, and the other States,
were reported by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. GRIMES. Because we have sent one
or two claims to the Committee on Military
Affairs is no reason why we should send this.
Besides, Mr. President, I am frank to say that
I want the State of Massachusetts to stand like
all the rest of the States of this Union; let her
wait until we are all ready to settle with the
General Government, and then let us all come
in and stand on the same platform.
"Mr. SPRAGUE. I trust this resolution will
not take the course suggested by the Senator
from Iowa. It is a matter which seems to me
to be exclusively within the province of the
Committee on Military Affairs to investigate.
The items are all set out in dollars and cents.
This is a special expenditure brought about at
the time that it originated by the urgent need
of the national Government and of the whole
country when we were trembling for fear of a
foreign war. As is said by the committee in
the report, it would have been criminal and
treasonable if Massachusetts and her citizens
had not responded with their money. The
expenditures were purely military, and the
whole amount now called for is to pay for ma-
terial which the General Government is to re-
ceive to a very large extent. Massachusetts,
has now in her possession the guns that she
purchased and the materials that she purchased
for this purpose. Of course she cannot sell
them to Mexico or to Chili or to Peru, as we
all know. She must retain them. Those ma-
terials were bought at the solicitation of the
Government, and it is only asked that the Gov-
ernment shall receive them and pay for them
and make such other reimbursements as will
compensate the State for disbursements that
were specially called for by the different heads
of Departments of this Government. The whole
subject was investigated by members of the
Committee on Military Affairs, and the Depart-
ments informed those who investigated it that
they had solicited very many of the expendi-
tures that were made—plans for harbor and
coast defense, telegraphs, and embankments
at different places "where it was impossible for
the Government of the United States to do
the work promptly.
I do not know what other claims Massachu-
setts may have, but I am informed that this is
the only claim which Massachusetts makes for
the expenses of coast defense, that were espe-
cially required at this particular, this distressing
time to the Government. Whatever claims for
money she may make on grounds common to
the other States may very well be put off until
the time arrives for the other States to be reim-
bursed ; but here is a special appropriation for
a particular purpose, and if Massachusetts had
not expended this money the General Govern-
ment^ would have paid it. It was simply a
question of time. Immediately after certain
expenditures had been made, and the General
Government had opportunity and ability to
resume its control over the matter, Massachu-
setts relinquished that control, and the General
Government took it up where Massachusetts
had left it and made the expenditures according
to the circumstances and the necessities of the
case. If Massachusetts had not been prompt, if
she had been dilatory and neglectful, the Gov-
ernment of the United States would have paid
every cent of this money; but the fapt thatslje
was prompt, energetic, and patriotic should
not be a reason to deprive her of fair consid-
eration. Her claim should go through regu-
larly and promptly, as many claims tlTat have
not near the warrant that this has.
Mr. GRIMES. I am pronouncing no opin-
ion as to the validity of the claim of Massachu-
setts. I only say that so far as appears upon
the record here, it has not been investigated
in such a manner as it ought to have been be-
fore we are called upon to decide as to its va-
lidity. It is said that we are to pay for a cer-
tain number of guns. How many?
Mr. SPRAGUE. It is specified in the mem-
orandum.
Mr. GRIMES. In what memorandum?
Mr. SPRAGUE. In the memorandum. The
resolution refers to the memorial.
Mr. GRIMES. The resolution refers to the
memorial; but howis the fact proved and where
is the record before the Committee on Military
Affairs that that memorial corresponds with
the facts? Nowhere. It is said we are to pay
for a certain amount of masonry done upon
certain work. Where is the evidence that the
masonry has ever been done?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 513.
GOODRICH AND CORNISH.
Mr. CONNESS. I submit the following
report from a committee of conference; and
as it will take but an instant, and the parties
are here awaiting action upon it, I hope it will
be acted upon now:
The committee of conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to House
resolution 77, entitled " Joint resolution forthe relief
of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish, for
carrying the United States mail from Boise City to
Idaho City, in the Territory of Idaho," having met,
and after full and free conference, have agreed to
recommend, and do recommend, to their respective
Houses as follows:
That the Senate recede from that part of their first
amendment which provides "that the amount to
be allowed shall not exceed $20,000," and that said
amendment bo so modified as to read "Provided,
That the amount to be allowed shall not exceed
$10,000."
That the House concur in the Senate amendments
as modified. JOHN CONNESS,
L. M. MORRILL.
C. R. BUCKALEW,
Managers on the part of the Senate.
JOHN II. FARQUHAR,
IX C. McRUER,
W. E. FINCK.
Managers on the part, of the House.
The report was concurred in.
INTERNAL TAXATION.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 513) to reduce internal taxation and to
amend an act entitled " An act to provide inter-
nal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes/' approved June 30, 18fi4, and acts
amendatory thereof.
The Secretary resumed the reading of the
bill, commencing with section sixty-four of the
House bill, which, according to the amend-
ments heretofore made, becomes section sixty-
five :
Sec. [6'1](>5, AniUe it further enacted, That the office
of the Commissioner of Internal Iteycnuo be reorgan-
ized so as to include one Commissioner of Internal
Revenue, with a salary of $5,030: one deputy commis-
sioner, with a salary of $3,500; one cashier, with a sal-
ary of $3,000, who shall also act as disbursing officer
for said office; and which offices are nowcreated, and
the duties thereof defined by law; and to authorize,
under the direction ot the Secretary of the Treasury,
the employment of the following additional officers
and clcrks, and with the salaries hereinafter specified,
namely, two deputy commissioners, each with a sal-
ary of $3,000; one solicitor, with a salary of 84,000;
seven lieadsof divisions, each with a salary of §2,500:
thirty-four clerks of class four; fortv-fivo clerks of
classthree; fifty clerks ofelasstwo; and thirty-seven
clerks of class one; fifty-five copyists, each with a
salary of $720; three messengers, each with a salary
of SI,000; five assistant messengers, each with a sal-
ary of $850; and fifteen laborers, each with a salary of
$720; and a sum sufficient to pay the officers, clcrks,
and employes herein authorized is hereby appropri-
ated out of any money in the Treasury not other-
wise appropriated.
The Committee on Finance proposed several
amendments to this section. The first was in
line five to strike out "five" and insert
so as to wake the salary of the Comn>issiofl,e.r
fff Internal Revenue $6,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The ne^t amendment was in line five, after
"dollars," ,to ipsert ".and."
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. That change
will be made.
The next amendment was in lines eight and
nine to strike out the words ''one cashier,
with a salary of $3,000, who shall also act as
disbursing officer for said office; and."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line ten to
insert the word "already" before the word
" created."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The word "now;' be-
fore the word "already" should be stricken
out.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
stricken out, no objection being made.
' The next amendment was in lines twenty-
three and twenty-four to strike out the words
"copyists, each with a salary of $720," and
insert "female clerks," so as to make the item
read, "fifty-five female clerks."
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the chair-
man of the Committee on Finance whether a
provision of that kind has ever been made in
any law that we have enacted.
Mr. PESSENDEN. We provided for female
clerks, copyists, counters, &c., in the legisla-
tive, executive, and judicial appropriation bill,
and in some statutes express authority has been
given to employ female clerks.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I thought they were
employed under a usage of the Department
as the interests of the public service seemed
to justify it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are employed as
clerks in different capacities. Some of them
keep accounts.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I never was disposed
to make an objection to the system while it
was under the discretion of the Secretary. I
doubt the propriety of providing that the Sec-
retary shall appoint that class of clerical force.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The number mentioned
here is the number that he employs and the
number he wishes.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have no objection to
his doing it under the exercise of his discre-
tionary power, but I do not. think Congress
ought to provide that there shall be such a
filooe f-)T p]pnf<J
Mr. FESSENDEN. He is not obliged to
employ the whole of them if he does not want
them any more than of the others. It is a mat-
ter of discretion with him. He cannot employ
any more than this number. It is fixed bylaw.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line twenty-five,
to strike out "one thousand," and insert
"seven hundred and twenty;" so as to make
the item read, "three messengers, each with
a salary of $720."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
clause by striking dlit " three " and inserting
"five," and also strikingout the words " eaeh
with a salary of $720;" so as to read, "five
messengers."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in lines twenty-
seven and twenty-eight, to strike out "eight
hundred andfifty" andinsert "sevenhundred
and twenty;" so as to read, "live assistant
messengers with a salary of S720."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I now move to strike
out "five" and insert "three," and also to
strike out the words "each with a salary of
$720;" so as to read, " three assistant messen-
gers."
Tjhe amendment was agreed to.
T,he next amendment was in line twenty-nine,
to strike oijt "seyen hundred and twenty" and
insert "six hundred;" so as to read, "fifteen
laborers, .each with & salary of $600."
The amendment was .-agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEljf. I move to amend that
■clause by striking out.the words " each with a
•sgfery of $600..''
TJie amendment was agreed to.
