1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
the several States as an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States, which, when ratified by
three iburths of such Legislatures, shall become apart
of the said Constitution, in place of the third para-
graph of the second section of the first article, to wit:
llepresentatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may bo included within this
Union according to the number of male citizens over
twenty-one years of age having the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous branch of
the State^ Legislature. The Congress, at their first
session after the ratification of this amendment by
the required number of States, shall provide by law
forthe actual enumeration of such voters; and such
actual enumeration shall be separately made in a
general census of the population of all the States
Within every subsequent term of ten years, in such
manner as the Congress may by law direct. The num-
ber of Representatives shall not exceed one for every
hundred and twenty-live thousand of actual popula-
tion, but each State shall have at least one Repre-
sentative.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
introduction of this amendment to the amend-
ment?
Mr. LE BLOND. I object to the gentleman
from New York yielding for that purpose.
Mr. C1IANLEH. Mr. Speaker, when the
distinguished gentleman from Pennsylvania
yesterday reported this joint resolution, he an-
nounced, with characteristic complacency and
generosity, that he had made an arrangement
by which the subject was to be discussed, and
promised the House and the country that it
should be passed before the sun went down.
That threat, however, was like many another
threat which a habit of power or an arrogant
nature may impel men to make. The gentle-
man relied upon his ability to force his hobby
through this House under a caucus resolution
before the sun went down. Sir, this measure
if passed will tend to obscure the sun from
which the liberties of this country derive their
nourishment and life, the brilliant orb, the Con-
stitution whose light has spread itself to the
farthest ends of the earth. The vital principle
of that Constitution, the soul of its being, is that
balance of power between the States which in-
sures individual liberty to every citizen of each
State, and harmony among all the States of
this Union.
I affirm, sir, that the discussion of this .sub-
ject in the Constitutional Convention of 1787
was con Juctcd in a spirit worthy of a great peo-
ple, and resulted in the noble instrument uuder
whose authority we now live. That era furnishes
us a sad comparison with the present epoch,
when it may well be said that our Home has
" lost the breed of noble bloods/' and when, so
far as the agitation of these fanatical and parti-
san questions is concerned, reason seems to
have "lied to brutish beasts." How differently
and vvitli what wise moderation did the framers
of iho Ccnslitntion act. No narrow and fanat-
ical partisanship marks their opinions or their
acts. Listen, sir, to the views of Madison on
this very question of suffrage,written during the
session of the Virginia convention, 1829, 18:30:
"The right of suffrage being of vital importance,
and approving an extension of it to housekeepers and
head-? of families, I will suggest a few considerations
which govern my judgment 011 the subject.
'MYeretheConstitutiononhandtobe adapted to the
present ciicumstanccs of our country, without taking
into view the changes which time is rapidly produ-
cing, an unlimited extortion of therisht would prob-
ably vary little the charactcr of our public- councils
or measures. But a=> we are to prepare a system of
government for a period which it is hoped will be a
long one, we must look to the prospective changes in
the condition and composition of the society on which
it is to act.
"Tt is alawof nature,now wellunderstood, thatthe
earth, under r. civilized cultivation, is capable of yield-
ingsub<istencc for a large surplus of consumers beyond
these having an immediate interest in the soil; a sur-
plus which must increase with the increasing improve-
ments m siarriculturc, and the labor-saving art-applied
to it. And it is a lot of humanity that of this surplus
a large proportion is necessarily reduced by a com-
petition for'employments to wages which afford them
the bare necessaries of life. The proportion being
without property, or the hope of acquiring it, cannot
be expected to sympathize sufficiently with its rights
to be safe depositaries of power over them.
" What is lo bo done with this unfavored class of the
communityIf it be on one hand unsafe to admit
them to a full share of political power, it must be rec-
ollected, on the other, that it cannot be expedient to
rcsi-t a republican government on a portion of the
societv having a numerical and physical force ex-
cluded fiotn ami liable to be turned against it, and
which would lead to «v standing military h-iyc, danger-
ous <"0 all uarties and to liberty itself. 1ms vrew oi
the subjcct raakesii proper to embrace in tae partner-
ship of power every description of citizen having a
sufficient stake in the public order and the stable ad-
ministration of The laws, and particularly the house-
keepersand heads of families,most of whom, 'having
given hostages to foitune,' will have given them to
their country also.
"This portion of the community, added to those
who, although not possessed of a share of the soil, are
deeply interested in other species of property, and
both of them added to the territorialproprietois, who,
in a certain sense, may be regarded as the owners of
the country itself, form the safest basis of free govern-
ment. Tothe security of-suchagovernment, afforded
by these combined members, may be further added
the political and moral influence emanating from the
actual possession of authority and a just and benefi-
cial exercise of it.
"It would be happy if a state of society could be
found or framed in which an equal Voice inmakingthc
la.ws might be allowed to every individual bound to
obey them. Rut this is a theory which, likemosttheo-
ries, confessedly requires limitations and modifica-
tions. And the only question to be decided in this, as
in other cases, turns in the particular degree of de-
parture in practice required by the essence and ob-
ject of the theory itselr."—Madison's Writings, vol. 4,
p. 25.
And again in his writings, volume one, page
180, in a letter to Mr. John Brown, of Ken-
tucky, asking his opinion on suffrage :
1. " Whether is a representation according to num-
bers, or property, or in a joint proportion to both, the
most safe? Oris a representation by counties prefer-
able to a moie equitablo mode that will be difficult to
adjust? Under this question maybe considered,
first, the right of suffrage; second, the mode of suf-
frage ; third, the plan of representation. As to the
fiist,! think the extent which ought to be given to
this right a matter of great delicacy and of critie.il im-
portance. To restrain it to the landholders will in
time exclude too great a proportion of citizens without
regard to property, or even to all who possess a pit-
tance, may throw too much power into hands which
will either abuse it themselves orsell it to therich who
will abuse it. I have thought it might be a good mid-
dle course to narrow this right in the choice of the
least popular, and to enlarge it in that of the more
popular branch of the Legislature. There is an ex-
ample of this distinction in North Carolina, if in none
of the other States. How it operates or is relished by
the people I cannot say. It would not be surprising
if in the outset, at least, it should offend the sense of
equality which reigns in a free country. In a general
view, Isee no reason why the rights of property,which
chiefly bears the burden of Government, and is so
much an object of legislation, should not bo respected
as well as personal rights in the choice of rulers. It
must be owned, indeed, that propcity will give influ-
ence to the holder, though it should give him no lesjiil
privileges, and will in general be safe on that as well
as on other accounts, especially if the business of legis-
lation be guarded with the provisions hinted at."
Sir, the history of the legislation of the rad-
ical party can be called, without any stretch of
language, untimely; it is unjustj and under a
Government where justice is the supreme prin-
ciple, whenever such measures are fairly sub-
mitted to the people there can be no doubt as
to 1 lie result. Such legislation is unworthy of
an American Congress, and however good the
motive, however high the patriotism which
actuated 1 he men who brought forward these
amendments. I am confident that, if they are
fairly submitted to the people, they will have
such an answer as will be not only to their sat-
isfaction if they are honest, but to the welfare
of the country.
Mr. LE BLOND. "With the permission of the
gentleman from New York, I will move to strike
out the word "Legislatures'* in the fourth line,
and insert ''conventions to be called by the Le-
gislatures;'' and in Jinc six to strike out the word
Legislatures" and insert the word " conven-
tions."
Mr. BALDWIN. I object.
Mr. OHANLEft. Mr. Speaker, a review of
, the history of the Convention that framed the
Constitution will bring us to the conclusion that
the motives of our fathers were different from
those which seem to have actuated the select
committee which reported this measure. The
Constitution as offered to the people for ratifi-
cation was submitted after a long, serious, and
even turbulent debate. This very question of
representation, involving as it does the basis ot
the Government in the system under which we
live, and involving as it does the rights of per-
sons and property, not only gave rise to long
and earnest debate, but was subjected to great
modification and compromise. Itinvolved, not
only the structure of this House, but of the Sen-
ate and the election of the President; and I look
I in vain in ihe Constitution fur the power which
' will admit the passage of tins measure. (Cur- J
! tis's History of the Constitution, volume two, j
£>age 473 ei $€$•) Let me read, sir, from Cur-
tis's History of the Constitution (volume two,
page 145) the record of the proceedings in the
Convention;
"As the States were now exaetly divided on the
question whether there should be an equality of vot&3
in the second branch of the Legislature, some com-
promise seemed to bo necessary, or the effort tomako
a Constitution must be abandoned. A conversation
as to what was expedient to be dono, resulted in the
appointment of a committor of onememberfroip•each
State, to devise and report some mode of adjusting
the whole system of representation.
, „Accordmg to tb? Virginia plan, as it then stood
before tne Convention, the right of suffrage in both
branches was to be upon some equitable ratio, in pro-
portion to the whole number of free inhabitants in
each State, to which three fifths of all other persons,
except Indians not paying taxes, wore to be added.
Nothing had been done to fix the ratio of representa-
tion; and although the principle of popular repre-
sentation had been affirmed by a majority of tho Con-
vention as to the first branch, it had been rejected aa
to the second by an equally divided vote oj the States.
The whole subject, therefore, was now sent to a com-
mittee of compromise, who held it under considera-
tion for three days.
" The same struggle which had been carried on in
the Convention was renewed in tho committee; the one
side contending for an inequality of suffrage in both
branches, the other foran equality in both. 2)r.ifrank-
lin at length ga\ c wa.y, and proposed that the repre-
sentation in the first branch should be according to a
fixed ratio of the inhabitants of each State, computed
according to the rule already agreed upon, and that
in the second branch each State should have an equal
vote. The members of the larger States reluctantly
acquicsced in this arrangement; the members of tho
smaller States, with one or two exceptions, considered
their point gained. When the report came to be made,
it was found that tho committee had not only agreed
upon this as a compromise, but that they had made a
distinction of some importance between the powers
of the two branches, by confining to the first branch
the power of originating all billsforraisingor appro-
priating money and for fixing the salaries of officers
of the Government, and by providing that such bills
should not boaltcred or amended in thcsccond branch.
This was intended for a concession by the smaller
States to the larger. The ratio of representation in
tho House was fixed by the committee at one member
for every forty thousand inhabitants, in which three
fifths of the slaves were to bo computed; each State
not possessing that number of inhabitants to be al-
lowed one member. Tho number of Senators was not
designated.
" This arrangement was, upon the whole, reasonable
and equitable. It balanced the equal representation
of the Slates in the Senate against the popular repre-
sentation in the House, and it gave to tho larger States
an important influence over the appropriations of
money and the levying ot taxes." * * * *
"Tho scale of apportionment of Representatives,
recommended in tho report of the committee, was
also objected to on various grounds. It wagsaid that
a mere representation of persons was not what the
circumstances of the case required—that property as
well as persons ought to be taken into the account in
order to obtain a just index of the relative rank of
the States. It was also urged, that if the system of
representation were to be settled on a ratio confined
to the population alone, the new States in the West
would soon equal, and piobably outnumber, the At-
lantic States, and thus the latter would be in a minor-
ity forever. For these reasons, the subject of appor-
tioning the Representatives was recommitted to five
members, who subsequently proposed a scheme, by
which the first House of Representatives should con-
sist of fifty-six members, distributed among the States
upon an estimate of their present condition, and
authorizing the Legislature, as future circumstances
might require, to increase the number of Representa-
tives, and to distribute them among the States upon
a, compound ratio of their wealth and the numbers of
their inhabitants. The latter partof this proposition
was adopted, but a now and diffcrentapportionment,
of sixty-five members for the first meeting of tho
Legislature, was sanctioned by a large vote of the
States, after a second reference to a committee of one
member from each State." v * •* * *
" Twice had the Convention affirmed the propriety
of counting the slaves, if the States were to be repre-
sented according to the numbers of their inhabitants;
ard on the part of the elnveholdmg States there had
hitheito been no dissatisfaction manifested with the
old proportion of three fifths, originally proposed un-
der the Confederation as a rule for including them in
the basis of taxable property. J3ut the idea was now
advanced, that numbers of inhabitants were not a
sufficient measure of the wealth of a State, and that
in adjusting a system of representation between such
States as those of the American "Union, regard should
be had to their relative wealth, smee^thuse which
were to be the most heavily taxed ought to have a
proportionate influence in the Government. Hence
the plan of combining numbers and wealth in the rule.
This was mainly an expedient to prevent the balance
of power from passing to tho western from the At-
lantic States. It was supposed that the former might
in progress of time have the larger amount of popu-
lation} ; but that, as the latter would at the commence-
ment of the Government have the power in their own
hands, they might deal out the right of representation
to new States in such proportions as would be
for their own interests.''
From the above historical statement it will be
found that the framers of the Constitution con-
sidered the question of suffrage of so vital uiv
