1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
tion on. concurring iu tlic balancc of the amend-
ments together.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
now is on concurring in the first excepted
amendment, to strike out, after line ninety-
eight of the first section, the following clause:
Vor survey of and for buoying out Scekonk river,
from Pawtucket to India Point, in Providencc, Rliodo
Island, SI,000.
Mr. SPEAGUE. This appropriation ap-
peared on the miscellaneous bill of the last
session., and was obtained by ray collcaguc in
the other House. It was obtained by his per-
sonal representations of the ease from his own
knowledge of the importance of the appropri-
ation. iu reference to the buoys, lie said:
" They have bccomcsroatly damaged from ncglect,
and in the last Congress X furnished evidence that it
would take t-1,000 to rcpla.ce them, and that sum was
inserted in the miscellaneous appropriation bill which
was lost in the close of the la.pt Cong-res*;. Our Com-
mittee on Appropriations inserted the same amount
in this bill now before Congress. The appropriation
has bccome a matter of necessity, and if not made
now, a much larger sum will be required at some
future day."
Mr. FESSENDEN. Who is that from ?
Mr. SPRAG UE. Mr. Jexokes, of the other
House. He obtained the appropriation on the
miscellaneous appropriation billot last session.
He made representations of a character that
induced the House to put it upon that bill, and
the same representations were made to the
committee of the House at this session.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All I can say about
it is, there was no evidence whatever that we
could find anywhere ; there was none among
the papers that came up from the Committee
on Appropriations of the House, and there
was no recommendation of it in the estimates.
There is nothing stated in what the Senator
has read, as I understand it, except that the
honorable member of the House alluded to by
the honorable Senator states that he satisfied
the committee there that it was necessary, and
they put it in the appropriation bill. ^That is
hardly enough to satisfy the Senate. We ought
to be satisfied also about it. The Committee
on Finance struck it out simply because there
was a want of information on the subject from
the Department. There does not seem to be
anything to found it on except the statement
of the honorable member from Rhode Island,
that iu his opinion it is necessary to be done.
The customary mode hero has been ordinarily
in these cases to obtain a recommendation front
the Department; in the first instance to satisfy
the Department having charge of the subject,
and if they become satisfied of its necessity
• then it may be done. J. think it would be
better to strike it out of this bill and put. it on
the miscellaneous appropriation bill for this
year. It is not a deficiency because the work
has not been done, and there will be a miscel-
laneous bill before us by and by, and if then
we become satisfied of its necessity there will
be no objection to it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will bo on concurring in the amendment,
made as in Committee of the Whole.
The amendment was concurred in.
The next excepted amendment was on page
8, line four hundred and twenty-two, section
one, to strike out the following proviso :
Provided, That in1 the i.urrhase of carpets for any
of the public building or offices under any appro-
priations herein provided, they shall be of domestic
manufacture.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The committee went
upon the principle that it is best to buy carpets
where you can buy them to the best advantage.
There is a groat deal done in that way in re-
gard to these matters. Of course all our feel-
ings are in favor of domestic industry where
wo have carpots <it lioixiGj but tissii economical
committee, a committee lookingto the finances
and expenditures, we thought it best to leave
that matter to the discretion of the purchasing
agents to buy such carpets as they eoulu buy
to the best advantage, instead of making it ab-
solutely necessary that tlicy should bnv athome.
1 believe there are some three or tour carpet
factories in the United States, and putting in
those provisions has a tendency to raise prices
and to give advantages which we tiiink ought
not to be put upon appropriation bills at any
rate.
Mr. SPRAGUE. It was not the amount of
the appropriation that I had in view in sub-
mitting the motion I did. I desired a recog-
nition on the part of the Senate favorable to
domestic interests. I thought as the members
of the other House, the most numerous branch
of Congress, who are supposed to come nearer
the people, perhaps, than the members of the
Senate, had recognized the importance of this
great interest, the Senate should also unite with
them. The probability is that the amount of
carpets to be furnished to the Government
would hardly employ the time of any consid-
erable manufacturer one day; but I desired
that the domestic interest might be recognized
by the Senate. It has done so in previous
legislation without any detriment, I believe, to
the Government. All I desire is the simple
recognition of our own industry.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. POMEROY. I call the attention of
the chairman of the Committee on Finance to
an amendment that was concurred in while we
were in Committee of the Whole, on page
24 of the bill in line five hundred and sixty-
seven of section one. The House of Repre-
sentatives inserted a provision to pay the ex-
penses of taking the census in Arizona; but if
was stricken out by the Committee on Finance
under the apprehension that, there was uo lawH
for taking that census. I find upon referring
to the organic act of Arizona, that instead ot
giving them a new act and prescribing defi-
nitely what the duties of the marshal and Gov-
ernor and the territorial officers should be, we
re/enacted the old statute that organized them
into the 'Territory of "New Mexico, and pro-
vided that the same officers, discharging the
same duties, should apply to Arizona that ap-
plied to New Mexico. By going back to the
law of 1850, organizing the Territory of New-
Mexico, I find it was made the duty of the Gov-
ernor, before he called the Legislative Assem-
bly together, to take a census and to apportion
the members of the Legislative Assembly among
the people after the census was adopted. As we
rcenaeted that law in the organic act of the
Territory of Arizona, it becomes the law of
Arizona. The Governor did order tlic census
to be taken. The marshal, Mr. Duffield, to my
knowledge, for I have letters from him on that
subject, did take the census, but he has never
received any pay for it. It was taken accord-
ing to law, and I know of no reason why he
should not lie paid. Therefore, I move, that
the Senate do not concur in that amendment
made as in Committee of the "Whole.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 shall not occupy the time
of the Senate except to say that I have looked
into this matter to some extent, sufficiently to
satisfy me that what the Senator states is entirely
correct, that it was authorized by law, and fins
gentleman has not been paid, lie was here
last year to get his pay, and the reason he did
not receive if was because there was no appro-
priation. [Ie is a very good man ; there can-
not be any better; he is one of that class of
men who would not prefer a claim against the
Treasury unless it was a valid and just one.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The sole ground upon
which we struck out the item was that we did
not know that there was a law for faking the
census. 11 there was a law for it, I he no
objection to the clause being allowed to remain
1UThe PRESIDING OFFICER. The Sena-
tor from Kansas moves to reconsider the vote
by which this clause was stricken out.
The motion was agreed to.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, Tho ques-
tion now is on concurring in the Senate in the
amendment striking out £his clause.
The amendment was not concurred in.
Mr. SUMNER. In pursuance of the sug-
gestion from the Senator from Maine, I have
sent to the State Department for the precise
information with tegard to the item to which
he objected. I have not yet received an answer
but am expecting it every minute. Three min-
utes ago I was called to the door by a gentle-
man who I think is either the surveyor or-com-
missioner, and who is at this moment in the
office of the Secretary of the Senate engaged in
making out a list of the items that compose the
amounts in the estimates whieh I sent to the •
desk.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move, then, for
the accommodation of the Senator, in order
that the matter may be fully explained, that
this bill be laid over, and we can go on with
the naval appropriation bill.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. This bill
will be laid aside informally. The Senator
from Maine can call it up at any time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
the bill disposed of to-day, but in the mean
time I propose to take up the naval appropri-
ation bill.
ROBERT IIEjraE.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I move to take up
House bill No. 217.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to take
up the naval appropriation bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. This will not take two
minutes.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it will not take any
time, I will not object.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. It will not take but very
little time I think.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider tho bill (IT. R. No. 217) for the relief
of Robert Hcnne. It directs tho Secretary of
tho Interior to increase the pension of Robert
Hemic, late of company I, twelfth Missouri,
infantry, from seventeen dollars per month to
twenty-five dollars per month, and to pay him
such increased pension trom the passage of
this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There ought to be some
explanation of the bill.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. There is a report of the
House committee, which is concurred in by
the Senate committee, accompanying the bill.
I know the facts myself, and can state them
in less time than tho reading of the report
would lake. This person is fromTowa. "When
the war broke out lie desired to go in the first
Iowa regiment, but could not get in. He went
voluntarily, however, and accompanied the
regiment, and was afterward transferred to a
Missouri regiment, served there, lost a leg and
arm, and had his other arm crippled ; so that
he has lost one arm and one leg, and has his
other arm crippled. He is almost entirely help-
less. We propose to increase his pension on
that account, in the same way that we have
increased the pensions of others similarly
afflicted.
Tho bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
NAVAL APPROPBIAMON BIM,.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move now to take up
the naval appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to ; arm the bill (11.
R. No. 122) making appropriations for the
naval service for tho year ending 30th J;"<e,
18C7, was considered as in Committee of the
Whole.
The hill was read ; and tho amendments re-
ported by the Committee on Finance were
acted on in their order. The first amendment
was to strike out the following proviso at the
close of the appropriations for the Bureau ot
Yards and Docks:
Provided, That there be transferred from appro-
Ttri-tHnns for fuel to tho contingent expenses of tua
Eurcau of Equipment and Recruiting, $800,000.
And in lieu thereof to insert:
Bureau of Equipment and Recruiting: ,
For expenses that may aecrne for tho tollowmg
purposes, namely : expenses of reernitms, traveling
expenses of otliccrs, transpoitaiion ot men, printing
anil stationery, advertising in public newspapers,
postage on public letters, wharfage and demurrage.
