1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2405
has it come to this, that to protect the citizen's
liberty under a republican form of government
is unconstitutional? If it has, we had better have
a new Constitution. Ibelieve that it is one of the
inherent powers of Government to protect the
citizen in the enjoyment of his liberty and in the
security of person and in the rights of property,
independent of all constitutions. It is an in-
herent power, a power that dwells in govern-
ment without any written law—that in the lan-
guage of the Constitution, that instrument was
framed by the people of the United States in
order "to establish justice," "insure domestic
tranquillity," "provide for the common de-
fense," "promote the general welfare, and
secure the blessings of liberty," &c. Will it
be said that it must be written in express terms
in the Constitution, otherwise the Congress
has no power to protect its citizens, without
respect to color or race, in the enjoyment of that
liberty said to be the prime object in founding
the Government? No, sir, it is but the make-
shift of the demagogue. It is a bid for the
Presidency in 1868. It is a crumb—no, not a
crumb, but a whole loaf—thrown to the south-
ern people for their support in the convention of
1868.
We now have two great prestidigitators on
the political tapis, performing all sorts of lofty
tumbling in endeavoring to win the admiration
of the Democratic convention (to be) in 1868.
I will not say that the gentlemen to whom I
refer are Andrew Johnson and William H.
Seward, for no one would suppose that Sew-
ard, with his " higher-law'' and " irrepressible-
conflict" doctrines of the past, would stand a
ghost of a chance, and he will not. The South
will never touch him.
The other gentleman, in fact, stands no bet-
ter chance than Seward. He has betrayed one
party that trusted him, and no other party will
ever give him a chance for a second betrayal.
But the race between the two. their throwing
of crumbs, and in fact whole loaves, to their
southern friends, is quite amusing, and in the
end, may be instructive. I have not the least
confidence in the political probity of either of
them.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I am
willing that the gentleman from Illinois shall
proceed with his speech, provided I shall have
the floor when he gets through.
Mr. BAND ALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
that my colleague have his full hour after the
gentleman from Illinois has concluded his
speech.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am obliged to my
friends from Pennsylvania for their consid-
eration.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I desire
to state that the subject upon which I shall
speak is a dry one—the subject of the tariff—
and will not interest the House as much as the
one which the gentleman from Illinois is mak-
ing. I have no desire to interfere with the
enjoyment the House has in hearing the gen-
tleman from Illinois.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Mr. Speaker, the truth
is that the people are not so simple or so easily
deceived as these gentlemen in high positions
suppose. This game they are playing will be
uncovered, it will be detected by the people
and condemned. Their whole game involves
an apostacy and an abandonment of the prin-
ciples which they once announced, and which
we, in common with them, believed and sus-
tained, and yet believe and sustain.
Now, a word about this question of repre-
sentation. I leave it to any gentleman on the
other side of the House who is with the Pres-
ident on his reconstruction policy, whether or
not, it is not held by him, and by those who
support him, that the southern States are enti-
tled to representation without conditions ; that
we have no right to impose conditions on the
South precedent to their being represented in
this Congress. That is their position, and that
all you can ask is, whether the representatives
can take the oath prescribed by law. Now
that I have stated the question fairly, let me
ask, when did this right of representation ac-
crue to the southern States lately in rebellion?
Was it last month or six months ago, or -when
was it?
I hold this to be the position of the Union
party on that question—although I am unau-
thorized to speak for any but •myself—that if
the southern States are entitled to represen-
tation in Congress to-day they were entitled to
representation in Congress the very day after
the surrender of the rebel armies. What has
been done to clothe them with rights with
which they were not clothed on the cessation
of hostilities? Nothing has been done by Con-
gress giving them this right. Has the Pres-,
ident a right to clothe the States with new pow-
ers ? Or has he the constitutional right to restore
powers once lost? That belongs to the legisla-
tive department of the Government, and not
to the executive. Where under the Constitu-
tion does he get any legislative power ? No-
where. He claims that peace exists. Why?
Because the rebels have.ceased to fight; be-
cause their armies have been disbanded; be-
cause the rebel power has been crushed. Not
by any act of Congress does peace exist, but
simply by reason of the close of the war.
Does that fact give the right to these people
of the southern States to representation ? The
President and the Democratic party say that it
does. I deny it. It gives them no such right.
If they had any right after the surrender of
Lee, it was not by virtue of any action of the
President. He can confer no such right upon
them.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Does the
gentleman want an answer to that question?
Mr. INGERSOLL. I am going to answer
it myself. The Constitution clothes the Pres-
ident with no such power. He cannot make a
citizen of an alien. He cannot make a natu-
ralization law. Those people in the southern
States became aliens by virtue of their rebel-
lion and treason, and he cannot restore them
to citizenship. It requires a greater than he.
The legislative power of the country is the only
power that can restore them to citizenship, the
right of which they have forfeited.
Then what follows ? Unless the rebels were
entitled to representation in Congress immedi-
ately upon the surrender of the rebel army
they are not entitled to it to-day unless Con-
gress has intervened and by appropriate legis-
lation has given them that right, and wo all
know that Congress has done nothing of the
kind.
And here let me say that the President him-
self once recognized the fact that the rebels
lost their political rights; that their State gov-
ernments had ceased to exist by reason of their
rebellion and treason; that they had no power
inherent in themselves to resuscitate those gov-
ernments; that they were no longer citizens of
the United States but were alien enemies, con-
quered by the Federal power. That, was his
position less than one year ago. as I will prove.
The present President recognized the effect
of the rebellion upon the southern people in
the forfeiture of their political and civil rights
by stepping in, in the absence of Congress, and
proclaiming to these men what to do, and
directing them to do it; by appointing over them
provisional governors; by pardoning rebels for
the purpose of making them Governors; by
instructing them how to exercise the duties of
their office; by telling them to call the people
together in convention, and what kind of a
constitution to make; by declaring who should
and who should not vote, who should and who
should not hold officc; in short, by directing
from beginning to end what the people should
and what they should not do. What was that
but a clear recognition of the forfeiture of
their political and civil rights?
Now, I maintain that if the States wherein
he exercised that power wore States within the
Union, or in the Union as he now claims they
were, and that they were never out of the
Union, then he was a usurper, an invader of
State rights in undertaking to control them in
the slightest degree. If they were States in
the Union by what authority did he go into
them and do what he did?- It was in violation
of their constitutions that existed prior to the
rebellion. He set those State constitutions
aside, he disregarded them; he qalled new eon^
ventions without authority of State laws, simply
as the executive head of this nation, without
any authority expressed in the Constitution,
and against the constitutional rights o£ the
States thus invaded. If they were States in
the Union, and entitled at that time to repre-
sentation in Congress, he-had no more author-
ity to go there and revamp their old constitu-
tions, or refurbish them, or dictate new laws
and designate men to execute those laws in
South Carolina, Georgia, and Mississippi, than
he had in Wisconsin, Indiana, and Illinois.
He would not dare to go into any of the north-
ern States and tell the people to call a con-
vention, saying that such a portion were citi-
zens and entitled to vote, and such a portion
not, and calling upon them to incorporate such
and such provisions and expunge others from
their State constitutions. He would be de-
nounced as a usurper for undertaking to do
such an act, and would be hung as a, traitor
unless he could find a pardoning power like
that he exercises now.
Upon his own hypothesis, he has no more
right to invade a rebel State than a loyal one,
and every proclamation he has made and every
act he has done in regard to the southern
States since the cessation of hostilities has
been a violation of their rights under the
Constitution of the United States.
But I believe that he has not been a usurper
to the extent that his own position indicates.
He says they are entitled to representation
noio. So does the party that supports him.
We say, on the other hand, that the men who
sought to destroy this Government have no
right to a voice in making the laws which
direct the manner or mode of reconstructing
their States.
Sir, it is a principle w*hich the world will
acquiesce in, which the people of this country
will sustain, that the heroic people of the
loyal States, who subdued this rebellion, shall,
through their representatives in Congress, dic-
tate the terms upon which the southern people
shall be represented in Congress. And we
must stand by that principle, for I wquld not
give a rush for the Government, unless it can
be preserved by the heroic and persistent effort
of the northern people from the overwhelm-
ing ruin which these southern men would in-
evitably bring upon it if they should now be
permitted to assume control of national affairs.
Restore these unrepentant sinners to Congress,
with Andrew Johnson standing by them, and
with the support of those who are here ready
to receive them with open arms, and your
country will be on the down grade to certain
destruction.
Why, sir, do you suppose that the people we
have subjugated are coming here to Congress
to vote a repudiation of their debt? Do you
imagine that they are going to forget their own
rebel soldiers who have been disabled in the
war, or the widows and orphans of their own
soldiers? Think you they are going to vote for
a constitutional prohibition upon the claims of
their own people, who sacrificed their treasure
and their blood in the war against this Govern-
ment? No! every man of them will vote to
assume the rebel debt and pension the disabled
rebel soldiers, and the widows and children of
those who lost their lives in the rebel cause,
and pay for the property that has been destroyed
by our armies that marched through the South.
And when Congress votes to do ail that the
bankruptcy of this Government is achieved,
your own loyal debt is repudiated, and the
credit of your Government is annihilated. You
will no longer be able to pay the pensions to
your own disabled soldiers, or the widows and
orphans that have been caused by this war.
The vote of the southern Representatives will
impoverish your Treasury and wide-spread ruin
will follow." Loyal men of the North, arc you
