1446
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 16,
apprehension of deserters, pilotage and towage of
vessels, and assistance to vessels in distress, $800,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to add the follow-
ing item to the appropriations for the Boston
Davy-yard:
For purchase of Oakman & Eldridge's wharf,
$135,000: Provided, That this sum shall, coyer the
whole cost of the property, and that it can be ac-
quired on terms satisfactory to tho Secretary of the
Navy.
Mr. SUMNEB. This is an old affair; it was
considered here a few years ago. It is to me a
very embarrassing question; I am very sorry
it is here; I am very sorry that I have to say
anything about it. It is a proposition to pay
$135,000 for the purchase o fa wharf in Charles-
town. If the wharf is needed by the Govern-
ment, I do not see that there can be any good
reason why it should not be taken, even though
the city authorities of Charlestown object to it
very much. They consider it important to keep
that wharf for the commercial purposes of the
town; they think it ought not to be surrendered
to the navy-yard. Besides that, they represent
that the sum proposed to be paid is about double
its value; on that I can have no opinion, I am
no judge. I know the situation very well; I
have been more or less familiar with it from
my childhood, but I can have no opinion on its
value. Under the circumstances i am much
embarrassed, because the city authorities of
Charlestown, within whose jurisdiction this
wharf lies, object to the purchase. I have in
my hands a letter which has been addressed to
me by the mayor, and as it is an official docu-
ment I cannot disregard it; at least I ought to
'bring it to the attention of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDBN. You had another last
year.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator says I had
another from him last year. The Senator is
mistaken. Last, year 1 had none. I will read
this communication:
City of Charles town, Massachusetts,
Mayor's Office, March 1, 1866.
Dear Sir : It appoars that the Finance Committee
have reported in lavor of the purchase of the Oakman
& Jhldridge whai f.
You are aware that our city and citizens are op-
posed to the project, as the measure, if consummated,
will withdraw so much wharf property from commer-
cial uses and municipal taxation. Butthisopposition
would at once cease if it was really apparent that the
necessity of the Uovernmcnt was such as to require
the proposed extonsion. Our pooplo are as patriotic
as those of any othor city, ana sre just as ready to
fcacniico their private interests for the public good.
fne opinion is quito general hero that there is
ample space within the present limits of the navy-
yard for additional wharf accommodations. And it
would appearto bo no more than .iust to our city that
the Government should extend its wharves to deop
wotor beforo taking more of our territory.
What confirms our pcoplo more thoroughly in the
opinion that this wharf isnot required Is thcfact that
its owners are so strenuous to sell, notwithstanding
their assertion to the contrary, Mr. Oakman being a
frequent attendant at the Capitol when this subiect
is under consideration; andalso the further factthat
the property is not worth over tfiO.OOO, although it is
proposed toappropriate $135,000for its purchase. The
sum ot $i5,UOO furnishes a powerful leverage with
which to change a picceof property from private to
public uses.
I believe that the position taken by the city is fully
sustained by the affidavits now on file in the room of
the Fmancc Committee, to which 1 refer ;> ou. Sev-
eral of them, but not the mo^t. important, were pub-
lished in the Globe of April 12,1864.
If Congress would pass a general law by which
lands could be tali en and their value be determined
by a jury, the whole difficulty would be removed. It
would, I believe, bo impossible to find a Massachu-
setts jury who would award as much as $75,000 for
this property. The chances of speculation being re-
moved, owners of land or speculators wouldhavc no
inducement to manufacture a necessity which they
experienced before it was realized by the Govern-
ment. Government would obtain land at fair prices,
and municipalities would not bo compelled to defend
their rights.
Irespectlully request your attention to this subject.
.The city desires nothing but what is right, fair, and
honorable.
Inclosed herewith I send copies of votes.
Yours respecfu.lv,
CHARLES ROBINSON", jr., Mayor.
Hon. Charles Sumner.
The votes inclosed are as follows:
* City op Charlestown,
In Board of Mayor and Aldermen,
Jmiuarif 30, 1865.
C/raerca, (the Common Council concurring.) That
His honor the mayor and the hoard of aldermen be
authorized to take such stops as they may deem ex-
pedient and necessary for the protection of the in-
terests of the city in the matter now again agitated
in Congress by which it is proposed to extend the
limits-of the navy-yard in Charlestown, and to take
from the city its taxable property for that purpose.
A true copy.
Attest: DANIEL WILLIAMS, City Clerk.
In Board op Mayor and Aldermen,
January 30,1865.
Voted, That his honor the mayor be authorized
and requested to act in behalf of the board, in the
matter of the above order, in sueh manner as he shall
deem expedient and necessary.
A true copy.
Attest: DANIEL WILLIAMS, City Clerk.
City op Charlestown,
In Board of Mayor and Aldermen,
January 22,1866.
Whereas it is deemed highly detrimental to the
interests of the city, that any additional territory of
the city should be taken for the enlargement of the
navy-yard: Therefore,
Ordered, That his honor the mayor be authorized
to adopt such measures and take sueh action as he
may deem advisable to oppose the enlargement of the
navy-yard by the taking or purchase of land within
the limits of the city.
DANIELWILLIAMS, City Clerk.
In Common Council, January 22,1866.
Concurred. JOHN T. PKIEST, Clerk.
A truo copy.
Attest: DANIEL WILLIAMS, Oily Clerk.
It was in pursuance of these votes that the
mayor visited Washington, called upon me
personally, and made his protest against this
transaction. I state these facts that the Senate
may know how this case stands. I have no
(feeling about it; 1 certainly have no interest
in it; and personally I should rather see the
Government absolutely have their way; and
yet I think Senators will perhaps appreciate
my feelings when the authorities of the town
of Charlestown, a town adjoining that in which
I live, in this formal manner protest against
the transaction. I confess I am somewhat
embarrassed. When they distinctly say that
this land is not worth more than $60,000, and
by our appropriation we are to give §185,000
for it,_ I am mystified; I do not know how to
explain it.
I ask whether it would not be practicable to
provide that this land should be taken in pur-
suance of an estimate by a jury. On that point
I have drawn up some words to which I will
call the attention of the Senator from Maine.
1 do not know that it is practicable ; and yet,
in my desire to find some solution of this ques-
tion to prevent it coming to the Senate again,
atid in my desire to do my duty toward the
authorities of a considerable town in my State,
I have thought it would be well to submit the
question ol value to a jury. The proposition
of the committee is:
For purchase of Oakman ic Eldridge's wharf,
5WO.000: Provided, That this sum shall cover the
whole cost of the property, and that it can bo acquired
on terms satisfactory to tho Secretary of the Navy.
What I would propose now—I merely throw
it out as a suggestion—is to strike out the words
"and that it can be acquired on terms satisfac-
tory to the Secretary of the Navy" and in lieu
of them to insert "and that its price shall be
determined by a jury of six persons selected
from the neighborhood by the marshal of the
district,'7 Is not that practicable? Senators
say I cannot make it good legally. Boar in
mind there is no effort to make it good legally
in one sense, that is, to force it upon the par-
ties ; it would be a voluntary transaction. But
here is a particular case where there is this
great discrepancy in the testimony as to the
value, and for the protection of the Govern-
ment and for the protection of the local inter-
ests there I wish to find some means of ascer-
taining the value which shall be acceptable to
all, and which shall foreclose all opposition,
all question, all scruple. What is to hinder
our saying that it shall be taken at a price to
be determined by a jury called together by the
marshal?
Mr. FESSENDE1J. But suppose the own-
ers should not be willing to accept their valu-
ation?
Mr. SUMNEB. Then it would fall to the
ground. I do not say you can impose thi« upon
the parties. I only suggest this now as a sqrt
of compromise, a sort of middle term, as an
arrangement which I think may not be abso-
lutely impracticable, and which, if adopted, will
be the solution of the question. It is a small
affair, however, to occupy so much time and to
come up here year after year.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The proposition of the
honorable Senator from Massachusetts, if
adopted, would certainly defeat the measure.
These individuals own this property; they are
willing to sell it for a certain price, and not for
any sum less than that which they demand for
it. Putting in the provision now suggested
would simply amount to this: if a jury should
find that the property was worth the amount
asked for, the purchase would be made; if they
should say it was worth more, the Government
would lose; if they should say it was worth less,
the owners would not let us have it; So that
the whole thing would be defeated unless in
the contingency of the jury finding the exact
sum named.
All I can say about this Matter is that the
Committee on Firiance have examined it sev-
eral times. In the first place, it has been rec-
ommended over and over again by the head
of the Department and- by the officer at the
head of the Bureau of Yards and Docks. I
believe no one can doubt the perfect integrity
pf Admiral Smith, who is at the head of that
bureau. It has been recommended by all the
superintendents in charge of the Charlestown
navy-yard.
Now, as to the amount of the sum named in
the amendment, it cannot be very far out of
the way.
If I am not very much misinformed this very,
city of Charlestown, for purposes of assessment,
assessed this property about as high as the price
asked for it, although they say now it is not
worth more than $60,000. I may be in error
on this point, but my impression is as I state.
The real difficulty made about the price is not
by anybody who felt that the Government was
about to be defrauded, but by people living in
Charlestown who wish to defeat the object.
They are very much in trouble for fear the Gov-
ernment will be imposed upon as to the price.
The whole secret of the opposition that has
been made hitherto by the people of Charles-
town has arisen from the fact that they wish to
compel the naval authorities to build at the
other extremity of the yard, away from the
workshops, to carry out the wharves into deep"
water at a great expense to the Government,
and where, after all, it is difficult to find deep
water, for it is filling up there continually.
The Government is put to great expense every
year there for want of a place in which to store '
its coal. It pays a great deal more for hauling
every yearthan the interest on this money ; and
the Governnment is obliged to pay an additional
sum for wharfage and demurrage. The Gov-
ernment now occupy this property. They took
possession of it from necessity, and have ever
since lield it against the will of the owners be-
cause it is absolutely necessary to the opera-
tions of the yard. There is no place there to
lay vessels ; we are obliged to put them off in
the stream with very great difficulty and at
great expense. The matter has been looked
into repeatedly, and I believe the measure has
never failed to pass the Committee of Ways and
Means of the other House, and the Committee
on Finance of the Senate, who have examined
it time and again. The only thing that has de-
feated it has been the opposition of the people
m Uiarkstown who desire that the operations
of the yard should be carried further over to-
ward certain property belonging to the mayor
and other prominent individuals there. That
is the secret of the whole thing, in my judgment.
Ihere was some contradictory testimony as to
the value of the property. Some persons tes-
tified that it was not worth so much as this by
considerable, and others testified that it is a
fair price on the whole; at any rate it is not
-very far out of the way, and you cannot get it
for less, and it is absolutely essential, in my
judgment, that the Goi'srnmeut should have it.
