1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2407
civilized nations in the time of war by the rebels now
in arms, should be made the subj eet of full and prompt
redress. # . .
Resolved, That the foreign immigration, which in
the past has added so much to the wealth and devel-
opment of th« resources and increase of power te this
nation, the asylum of the oppressed of all nations,
should be fostered and encouraged by a liberal and
just policy.
Reiolved, That we are in favor of the speedy con-
struction of a railroad to the Pacific.
Resolved, That the national faith, pledged for the
redemption of the public debt, must be kept invio-
late; and that for this purpose we recommend econ-
omy and rigid responsibility in the public expendi-
tures, and a vigorous and just system of taxation;
that it is the duty of every loyal State to sustain the
■credit and promote the use of the national currency.
Resolved, That we approve the position taken by
the Government that the people of the United States
•never regarded with indifference the attempt of any
European Power to overthrow by force, or to sup-
plant by fraud, the institutions of any republican
Oovcrnmenton the western continent; and that they
view with extreme jealousy, as menacing to the peace
and independence of this our country, the efforts of
any such Power to obtain new footholds for monarch-
ical Governments, sustained by foreign military force,
in near proximity to the United States.
Mr. Speaker, I would be glad to present here,
if I had it by me, the Chicago platform of 1860,
in order to show the gentleman from Illinois
his own inconsistencies and those of the party
to which he belongs.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Does not the gentleman
mean the Chicago platform of 1864?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. No, sir;
I mean the Chicago platform of 1860, on which
Mr. Lincoln was nominated, and in which a just
maintenance of the rights of the States is an-
nounced as a distinct principle to which the
party is pledged.
So much, sir, for the inconsistencies of the
gentleman's party. Now, as to the question
which he asks whether we were in favor of
admitting Representatives from the South, and
when that right of representation ceased, if it
ever ceased. Sir, I maintain that the right of
representation as belonging to the loyal people
of the South has never ceased. The gentleman
himself must be aware that, upon this principle
Representatives from the State of Tennessee
were admitted here in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, one of those Representatives being one
of the gentlemen who are now claiming seats
upon this floor as Representatives from that
State. Sir, if those three Representatives, after
the Statfe of Tennessee had seceded,-had a right
to come here and be admitted as Representatives
of the loyal people of the State of Tennessee,
when and why did that right cease? Represent-
atives from the State of Virginia were also
admitted by the same Congress. If Virginia
had the right to be represented in that Con-
gress, when and how did her right of represen-
tation cease?
Mr. INGrERSOLL. If I understand the gen-
tleman, he claims that he is now supporting
Andrew Johnson's policy.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
not claimed anything with reference to sup-
porting Andrew Johnson.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Well, the gentleman
does claim that Andrew Johnson has not
changed his political principles.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
referred the gentleman to the Baltimore plat-
form, which, 1 hold, corresponds precisely with
the line of policy which was pursued with refer-
ence to " restoration" by Mr. Lincoln during
the entire period of his Presidency, and which,
if I have understood correctly the declaration
of the Secretary of War, Mr. Lincoln would
have continued to follow, had he lived. And
that platform is in entire harmony with the pol-
icy now pursued by Andrew Johnson. So far
as I am able to judge, his course in the work
of restoration presents no inconsistency with
the Baltimore platform or with his letter of
acceptance written in response to his nomina-
tion at Baltimore.
Sir, that letter of acceptance was as follows:
Nashville, Tennessee, Juh 2,1864.
Gentlemen: Your communication oftheOth ultimo,
informing me of my nomination for the Vice Presi-
dency of the United States, by the National UnL
Convention hold at Baltimore, and inclosing a copy
of the resolutions adopted by that was not re-
ceived until the 25th ultimo.
A reply on my part had been previously made to
the action of the convention in presenting ray name,
in a speech delivered in this city, on the evening suc-
ceeding the day of the adjournment of the conven-
tion, in which I indicated my acceptance of the dis-
tinguished honor conferred by that body, and defined
the grounds upon which that acceptance was based,
substantially saying what I now have to say. From
the comments made upon that speech by the various
presses of the country, to which my attention has
been directed, I consider it to be regarded as a full
acceptance.
In view, however, of the desire expressed in your
communication, I will more fully allude to a few
points that have been heretofore presented. My
opinion on the leading questions at present agitating
and distracting the public mind, and especially in
reference to the rebellion now being wa^ed against
the<Government and authority of the United States,
I presume, are generally understood. Before the
southern people assumed a belljgerent attitude, (and
frequently since,) T took occasion most frankly to
declare the views I then entertained in relation to
the wicked purposesof the southern politicians. They
have since undergone but little if any change. Time
and subsequent events have rather confirmed than
diminished my confidence in their correctness.
At the beginning of this great struggle I enter-
tained the same opinion of it I do now, and in my
place in the Senate, I denounced itas treason worthy
the punishment of death, and warned the Govern-
ment and pcoplo of the impending danger. But my
voice was not heard or counsel heeded until it was
too latetoavertthestorm. Itstill continued to gather
over us without molestation from theauthorities at
Washington until at length it broke with all its fury
upon the country. And now, if we would save the
Government from being overwhelmed by it, we must
meet it in the true spirit of patriotism, and bring
traitors to the punishment due their crime, and by
force of arms crush out and subdue the last vestige
of rebel authority in every State. I felt then, as now,
that the destruction of the Government was deliber-
ately determined upon by wicked and designing con-
spirators, whose lives and fortunes were pledged to
carry it out, and that no compromise, short of an
unconditional recognition of theindependence of the
southern States could have been, or could now be,
proposed which they would accept. The clamor for
southern rights," as the rebel journals were pleased
to designate their rallying cry, was not to secure their
assumed rights in the Union and under the Constitu-
tion, but to disrupt the Government, and establish
an independent organi7ation based upon slavery,
which they could at all times control.
The separation of the Government has for years
been the chcrishcd purposo of the southern loaders.
Baffled in 1832 by the stern, patriotic heroism of
Andrew Jackson, they sullenly acquiesced, only to
mature their diabolical schemes and await the recur-
rence of a more favorable opportunity to execute
them. Then the pretext was the tariff, and Jackson,
after foiling their schemes of nullification and dis-
union, with prophetic perspicacity, warned the coun-
try against the renewal of their efforts to dismember
the Government. ^ _
In a letter dated May 1, 1833, to Rev. A. J. Craw-
ford, after demonstrating the heartless insincerity of
the southern nullifiers, he said:
" Therefore the tariff was only a pretext, and dis-
union and a southern confederacy the real object.
Tho next pretext will be the negro or slavery ques-
tion."
Time has fully verified this prediction, and we
have now not only " the negro, or slavery question "
as the pretext, but tho real cause of the rebellion;
and both must go down together. It is vain to at-
tempt to reconstruct the Union with the distracting
clement of slavery in it. Experience has demon-
strated its incompatibility with free and republican
Governments, and it would be unwise and unjust
longer to continue it as one of tho institutions of tho
country. While it remained subordinate to the Con-
stitution and laws of theUnited States I yielded to it
my support, but when it became rebellious and at-
tempted to rise above the Government and control
its action, I threw my humble iniluence against it.
The authority of the Government is supreme, and
will admit of no rivalry. No institution can rise
above it, whether it be slavery or any other organ-
ized power. In our happy form of government all
must be subordinate to the will of the people, when
reflected through tho Constitution and laws made
pursuant thereto, State or Federal. This great prin-
ciple lies at the foundation of every Government, and
cannot be disregarded without the destruction of the
Government itself. In the support and practice of
correct principles we can never reach wrong results,
and by rigorously adhering to this great fundamental
truth the end will be the preservation of the Union
and the overthrow of an institution which has made
war upon and attempted the destruction of the Gov-
ernment itself.
The mode by which this great change—the eman-
cipation of the slave—can bo effected, is properly
found in the power to amend the Constitution of the
United States. This plan is effectual and of no doubt-
ful authority: and while it does not contravene the
timely exercise of the war power by the President in
his emancipation proclamation, it comes stamped
with the authority of the people themselves, acting
in accordance with the written rule of the supreme
law of the land, and must, therefore, give more gen-
eral satisfation and quietudo to the distracted public
mBy rccurring to the principles contained in the
resolutions so unanimously adopted by the conven-
tion T find that they substantially accord with my
public acts and opinions heretofore made known and
cxp1* *sed and are therefore most cordially indorsed
anu approved; and the nomination having been con-
ferred without any solicitation on my part it is with
the greater pleasure accepted.
In accepting the nomination, I might here close,
but I cannot forego the opportunity of saying to my
oldfriendsoftheDemocraticparty proper, with whom
I have so long and pleasantly been associated, that
the hour has now come when that great party can
justly vindicate its devotion to true democratic pol-
icy and measures of expediency. The war is a war
of great principles. It involves tho supremacy and
life of the Government itself. If the rebellion tri-
umphs,free government North and South fails. If,
on the other hand, the Government is successful, as I
do not doubt, its destiny is fixed, its basis permanent
and enduring, and its carecr of honor and glory jtfst
begun. In a great contcst like this for the existence
of free government, tho path of duty is patriotism and
principle. Minor considerations and questions of
administrative policy should give way to the higher
duty of first preserving the Government, and then
there will be time enough to wrangle over the men
and measures pertaining to its administration.
This is not the hour for strife and division among
ourselves. Such differences of opinion only encourage
the enemy, prolong the war, and waste the country.
Unity of action and concentration of power should
be our watchword and rallying cry. This accom-
plished, the time will rapidly approach when their
armies in the field—the great power of rebellion-
will be broken and crushed by our gallant officers
and brave soldiers, and ero long they will return to
their homes and firesides to resume again the avo-
cations of peace with the proud consciousness that
they have aided in the noble work of reestablishing
upon a surer and more permanent basis the great
temple of American freedom.
I am, gentlemen, with sentiments of high regard,
yours truly, ANDREW JOHNSON.
Hon. William Dennison, Chairman, andothers, Com-
mittee of the National Union Convention.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will show the reason
why I ask permission to put a question to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania. I will state
what I understand him to state: that Andrew
Johnson had not changed from the platform of
the party upon which he was elected in 1864;
but the party who elected him then, and oppose
him now, has changed.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Yes, sir,
I think you have changed; that your party has
shown the cloven foot; that they never ex-
pressed any purpose before the people to do
what they have since done.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Has not your party
changed in so far that your party opposed An-
drew Johnson in 1864?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The gen-
tleman has a Yankee way of answering one
question by asking another. [Laughter. ] If
the gentleman will answer my question perhaps
he may have a right to ask another.
One remark more and I will yield the floor.
I want to say there are but two positions to
occupy, according to my apprehension, as to the
question of the restoration of the Union, tha
principle enunciated by the chairman of the
Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Stevens]
at an early part of this session, that these States
are conquered provinces and we can therefore
do what we please with them ; and on the other
hand, the Constitution of the United States and
the decision of the Supreme Court, as delivered
by Judge Grier, which the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Ingersoll] himself has quoted to-day
to sustain his argument, in which that court
determined that these States had not by reason
of the treason of any individual in any manner
been interfered with in their status as States.
That is the gentleman's own decision of which
he quotes, and that is the decision of the highest
tribunal known to the country.
And I now say, as an humble member of the
Democratic party, so far as I have been able to
judge, it represents the conservative sentiment
of the country. I claim to be a conservative
Democrat myself, and not such a Democrat as
the gentleman has described, not such as the
gentleman would charge with treason, for, on
the contrary, I represent a Democracy as loyal
as the gentleman from Illinois. I represent,
sir, a people who went with as much zeal and
perhaps as far as the gentleman from Illinois
in bearing arms to put down this rebellion. I
am not a defender of rebellion in any particular.
I am against anybody who seeks to overthrow
the Government or the Constitution; ana while
I was in favor of putting down the rebellion
when it emanated from the South, I am now to-
day in favor of preventing the success anu .or
putting down that party which seeks to change,
