1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
left us standing before the world an object of merited
reprehension and derision?
" J-jr one, wc are heartily asliamed of the inexcus-
able weakness, inertia, and dilapidation everywhere
so manifest throughout oui native section; but the
bl.nne properly attaches itself to a usurping minor-
ity of the people, and we are determined that it shall
rest where it belongs. More on this subject, however,
after a brief but general survey of the inequalities
and disparities that exist between those two great di-
visions ol the country, which, without reference to the
situation that any part of their territory bears to the
cardinal points, are every day becoming more famil-
iarly known by the appropriate appellation of the free
and slave States."—Helper, p. ID.
Sir, it was stated by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania yesterday, in his remarks when
presenting this resolution, that it wasdesirable
to press it upon the country in order that there
might be prompt action on the part of Legis-
latures that might otherwise adjourn. 1 doubt
the wisdom of any such effort to force the Le-
gislatures to act. We are here as the Repre-
sentatives of the people, and not as their com-
pelling power. It is not our duty to antici-
pate the will of the people, but to obey it; and
if there is any safety in our legislation, if there
is any security in the future for this House and
for the system of government under which we
live, it is in adhering to the strict character
of a representative Government, and avoid-
ing all these dangers that beset us in the course
of our tendency toward centralization. Cen-
tralization, sir, is the constant and direct tend-
ency of all these measures. The temper of the
people just come from the stern and bloody
conflict of a civil war is not calm and sedate.
The people are scarcely free from the oppres-
sive laws which a military despotism laid upon
them mountain high. The innocent and the
guilty, Union men and rebels alike, were held
down by the military despotism which neces-
sity forced upon the country ; and now, when
the hand of power is just loosed from the throats
of the people,-and before they are allowed time
to breathe freely, you rush upon them, and de-
mand immediate and prompt action on questions
which involve the greatest interests of this coun-
try, the interests of every individual not only
in the South but in the North, questions which
have occupied the long and serious delibera-
tion of the wisest and best men that the coun-
try has ever produced.
Sir, a great deal is said upon the other side
with regard to the soldier element in this coun-
try. A constant appeal is made by gentlemen
npon that side to the soldiers of the Union.
Sir, it is our especial boast that the people of
this country, imitating the noble example of
Washington, when their liberties and Union
had been secured, laid down the sword and
retired to the full exercise of their duties as
citizens. This appeal to the soldier now, when
he is discharging his duties as a citizen, is in-
flammatory if it "is not unwise, and is certainly
unbecoming the Representatives of the people.
The greatest power of the people exists in the
exercise of their rights as citizens, not in the
exercise of the power of the soldier.
The question of representation, which is as-
sailed by this joint resolution, is one which has
ahistorvpecul'iarto American institutions. And
in violating that principle we are drifting back
to that period of history when Roman polity
ruled the world. One who has, perhaps, almost
as much experience and learning as the chair-
man of the committee on reconstruction, who
stands as high in the government of his own
country, and shows more learning, perhaps, in
constitutional law, Lord Brougham,_ says in
reviewing this question of representation :
" It is exceedingly instructive to examine narrowly
the Roman provincial policy, because it shows to what
various devices the republic was driven —
They were republicans and not democrats;
there is a distinction, deep and broad, between
the two systems of government—
"to what various devices the republic was drivon.in
ord ' ' " ' ' rtTY1,r>~
ion
frronee between ancient and modern policy, intro-
duced by the happy contrivance oi representation.
Sir, the grand distinctive policy of this Gov-
ernment is that all power arises from the people,
and that all power that descends upon the peo- |
pie is exceptional and hostile to the spirit of our j
Constitution and to the whole system of our Gov-'j
ernmentinformandinspirit. When the Romans i
-conquered any portion of their neighboring ter- i
ritory they fixed upon that territory a system of j
provisional government, and fixed it upon them
for all time. They held them by military power
and excluded them from any exercise of power
in their Government.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BAKER obtained the floor.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will my colleague
[Mr. Bakeii] yield to me for a few moments?
Mr. BAKER. With great pleasure.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire to occupy
but a few moments of the time of this House in
reference to this subject. We have learned by
experience that it is necessary that whatever is
put in the Constitution, and whatever laws we
make in reference to the rights of the men in
the rebellious States, must be so hedged about
with guards and protections, they must be so
plain and so clear, that '"'the wayfaring man \
though a fool may not err therein,:' or else they !
will in some cunning manner devise a way of j
avoiding them. We adopted an amendment to I
the Constitution that slavery should not here- I
after exist in this country except as a punish-
ment for crime. Yet we find those States now
reducing these men to slavery again as a pun-
ishment for crime, and declaring for every little
petty offense the black man may commit that he
shall be sold into bondage. So that even that
constitutional provision which we made, and
which was intended to knock the shackles off
every man who was not guilty of crime in the
United States, is avoided and got around by
these cunning rebels.
Is ow, sir, it is necessary, it seems to me, that
whatever constitutional provision we may make |
should be made clear, manifest, certain. If,
possible, we should make if enforce itself, so
that by no cunningly devised scheme or shift j
can they nullify it. It seems to me that the i
resolution reported by the joint committee on ]
reconstruction is not so clear as it ought to be; I
I am afraid that it will be worthless. Several
points have been made, several reasons have ]
been given, among others the one suggested |
by the gentleman from Rhode Island [Mr. ,
Jenckxs] and the gentleman from Maine [Mr. !
Blaine] in reference to the property qualifica- i
tion. So, too, a State may enact that a man ;
shall not exercise the elective franchise except j
he can read and write, making that law apply |
equally to the whites and blacks, and then may i
also enact that a black man shall not learn to
read and write, exclude him from their schools,
and make it a penal offense to instruct or to
teacli him, and thus prevent his qualifying to
exercise the elective franchise according to the
State law. And they may do in regard to the
elective franchise just what they are doing now
in regard to slavery. They may provide that
no man shall exercise the elective franchise who
has been guilty of a crime; and then they may
denounce these men as guilty of a crime for
every little, imaginary, petty offense. They may
declare that no man shall exercise the right of
voting who has not a regular business or occu-
pation bv which he may obtain a livelihood, and
then they may declare that the black man has
no settled occupation and no business. It seems
I to me, therefore, necessary that we should, by
l! some provision in this amendment, settle this
' beyond a peradvenlure, so that none of these
shifts or devices may defeat the purpose of the
enactment.
But, Mr. Speaker, there is another objection
to this proposition, which lies deeper than those
I have already mentioned; and while 1 do not
say that I will not vote for this as the best thing
. that we can do under the circumstances, yet I
j do say that if I vote for it I shall do so very
reluctantly. And I protest here that I will not
accept any such constitutional amendment as
this as a substitute for that full measure of jus-
tice which it is our duty to mete out. 1 will
not promise that hereafter I will not propose
and vote for and advocate with whatever power
I possess a measure which will give to all the
people of the States that which is their due.
Sir, I will not admit that any State has the
right to disfranchise a portion of its citizens;
and if this proposition makes, expressly or by
implication, any such admission, 1 cannot vote
for it. I know it is said that the States have
exercised the right of restricting suffrage, and
they do now in many of the northern States
restrict if, and deny the right of voting to cer-
tain classes of citizens. Yet by no vote of mine
shall there be incorporated in the Constitution
a provision which shall, even by implication,
declare that a State may disfranchise any por-
tion of its citizens on account of race or color.
We ha- e no right to give our countenance to
any such injustice. Alf provisions in reference
to representation which are based upon any
other principle than that of the people of this
country, who are the subjects of government,
have the right to vote and to be represented,
are false in principle. Such a measure may,
perhaps, answer for a temporary expedient,
but it will not do as a fundamental rule to be
embodied in the Constitution for the people of
this country to live by. I deny that a State has
the right to disfranchise a majority, or even a
minority of its citizens because of class or race.
And I say that that provision of the Constitu-
tion whicli makes it the duty of the General
Government to "guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government"
ought to be taken into consideration by this
Congress and enforced. Does a State that
denies the elective franchise to one half of its
citizens possess a republican form of govern-
ment ? Where a large portion of the citizens of
a State—the men who are required to pay taxes
and perform military duty, to contribute their
money and their strength in support of the
Government—are denied the elective franchise,
is that a republican form of government? 1
say that it is a libel upon republicanism; it is
not, a republican form of government: it is
neither republican in form nor in substance.
But, Mr. Speaker, it is said, and I suppose
said truly—and it is a disgrace that we are
obliged to admit it—that a constitutional amend-
! ment declaring that no State shall debar any
portion of its citizens from the exercise of the
elective franchise on account of color or race
could not now receive the assent of the Legisla-
tures of three fourths of the States of this Union.
I fear that this is true. It may therefore be
necessary that we should 
Mr. HALE. Will the gentleman permit me
to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Yes, sir.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask whether the gen-
tleman admits that any State of this Union, at
the time of the formation of the Federal Con-
stitution, enjoyed a republican form of govern-
ment ; and if so, how many, and which of the
States?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, I have
only to reiterate what I have already saiu that,
in my opinion, that is not a republican form of
government whicli denies to a portion of the
citizens the right of participating in the Gov-
ernment.
Mr. HALE. Then I ask the gentleman, did
any of the thirteen original States, at the time
of'the formation of the Federal Constitution,
unjoy a republican form of government?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, it is
well known to every man who has read the liis-
torv of our country that at the time of the for-
mation of our Government it was expected and
believed by the men who made it that slavery
would die out in a very few years: and the fra-
mers of the Government resorted to some shifts
and compromises in the belief that slavery
would shortly come to an end. _ They were very
careful in making the Constitution to avoid
inserting in it the word " slave" or " slavery."
They sought to make an instrument which
future generations might subject to the closest
scrutiny, without finding in it any evidence that
slavery ever had an existence in this land.
But. Mr. Speaker, we have now a umerent
state of things. That class of people who were
