1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1447
I have been surprised a little that the Sen-
ators from Massachusetts did not take more in-
terest in this matter; but the honorable Sen-
ator who addressed the Senate just now [Mr.
Sr.mxkii] has given his reasons. He has been
embarrassed by the continual representations
of the people of Charlestown. 1 do not know
what opinion my friend [Mr. Wilson] has on.
the subject; I believe he has not expressed any
up to this time. 1 hope he will now, for I say
that if the Senators from Massachusetts mean
to oppose these proceedings, which are intended
for the benefit of that great navy-yard lying
directly at their own doors, it is useless for oth-
ers to press the matter, and I do not mean to
contend much about it, but 1 am of opinion that
the sooner we buy this property the better.
Mr. WILSON. At the last session of Con-
gress various representations were made in re-
gard to this proposed purchase of land by per-
sons connected with the government of the city
of Charlestown and by others, and 1 was very
much embarrassed by those representations.
Of course, 1 was desirous that the Government
should have whatever it needed to complete its
works there, and at the. lowest possible rate.
I am satisfied, however, on inquiry and further
reflection, thai the proposed purchase is needed
by the Government and that the Government
ought to have it. If the navy-yard is to be con-
tinued at Chailestown they must have what land
may be necessary for the public work. If not
1 suppose they are at liberty to take the navy-
yard away from Charlestown. 1 suppose the
people of that city must so understand it. As
to the price. I do not know whether the owners
ask too much or not, but it is left at the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the. \T:ivy. and I have
full confidence that he will take care of the
interests of the country. Therefore 1 shall
vote with the committee for this proposition.
"1 will say, however, that I suppose there are
some public considerations that influenced the
authorities of Charlestown. This is a very ex-
cellent position for deep water, and of great,
commercial account to the city. I suppose it
would be for the interests of the city if the
Federal Government could extend its yard in
the other direction, but 3 do not think it will
be for the interest of the Federal Government
to undertake that. F do not suppose the peo-
ple there are actuated by other than what they
regard as the interests of their city, but as a
Senator I think my duty is to take care of the
interests of the Federal Government, and 1
shall vote for this proposition.
Mr. SUMNER. I shall not make any fur-
ther resistance to this proposition, and, indeed,
Senators will bear witness that I have hardly
made -resistance now. I have performed a
duty: it is not a pleasant duty when lam called
to differ from associates about me, but I think
Senators will appreciate the position of a Sen-
ator of Massachusetts who was addressed as
I have been by the municipal authorities of
Charlestown. "I think that they may enter into
the feelings, perhaps, of those' authorities.
Surely they might be pardoned if they saw with
regret this property passing from the reach of
their taxation: passing from the reach of those
influences which would enter, as they supposed,
into the prosperity of the city, and coming with-
in the inclosnre of the United States. Coming
within that iuclosure may add to the strength
of the navy-yard and contribute to our pride,
but it does take something essential from this
town. It is not a large town; the Senator from
Maine knows well in point of acres it is one of
the smallest towns, probably, in the whole coun-
try. 1 believe it does not contain more than
six hundred acres all told ; but it is a historic
town, and the people there naturally feel an
interest in keeping what remains to them of
their territory within their own proper jurisdic-
tion, and not seeing it pass out of their hands
and coming under the jurisdiction of the United
States. I "think 1 can enter into their feelings.
It is not without a pang, probably, that the
municipal authorities there will hear that such
a disposition has been made of this property as
will take it from their jurisdiction. But, sir,
the committee assure us that it is needed by
the Government. If it is needed by the Gov-
ernment. that is enough ; I eannot oppose it;
but this discussion, perhaps, may at least put
the Government on its guard with regard to the
price. It may induce it at least to inquire
whether the mayor and other municipal au-
thorities of Charlestown are right when they
say that the value of the land is only about
sixty thousand dollars, when the owners put it
at ยง135,000. I ask, therefore, the Secretary
of the Navy to be good enough to take notice
that there is this discrepancy with regard to the
price, and 1 hope he will be particularly watch-
ful and see that the public interests do not
suffer.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I recollect that the mayor
of Charlestown was before the Committee on
Finance. We heard his statement and we had
the maps before us. After a full investigation
we concluded that it was absolutely necessary
to the Government that it should have this ad-
dition to the navy-yard. I believe that the
Government needs it; it is an absolute neces-
sity, if we are to enjoy the present navy-yard
property beneficially. The obj ectiou of the city
seems to be that it will draw that much private
propel ty from taxation. The mayor suggested
that a place could be made by filling up another
part of the public grounds; but that would not
be convenient and would cost a great amount
of money. I satisfied myself that (hat would
involve a much greater expense than the pur-
chase of ibis ground.. The mayor did say some-
thing about this being a high price for the prop-
erty : before it was known that the United States
wanted it he thought it could be got for less,
and that they were pocketing a good deal of
money: but on the question being put '' Could
it begot for less,'' 1 think he replied, "Not now;
not while the Government is in the market."
According to my understanding, it is wanted
for a coal depot. There is now no depot con-
venient to the navy-yard ; and it costs a great
deal of money to haul the coal. On that ground,
and because of the great importance of the navy-
yard, 1 concluded with the committee that it
was necessary to make this purchase. 1 am
sfill of that opinion, and i shall vote for the
amendment which leaves the matte: to the dis-
cretion of the Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment of the Committee on
Finance was in section one, to add after line
one hundred and fifty-six the following item
for the New York navv-yard :
For quay-wait extension at sewor, 8100,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after line one hun-
dred and ninety-four of section one, to add the
following items for the Norfolk navy-yard :
For ship-joiners' shop and timber shed No. 12,
$45,000.
.For storehouse No. It, &fG,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line two hun-
dred and eight of section one, to strike out
after the words "navy-yard'' the words "'or so
much thereof as may be necessary, twenty,''
and to insert "and for repairs of all kinds,
fifty;" so that the clause will read:
For the preservation of the property of the United
States at the Pensacola, navy-yard, and for repairs
of all kinds, f.3D,000.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section two, line
three, to strike out "July" and insert "May;"
so that the clause will read:
That so much of the first section of the act making
appropriations for the naval service, approved May
21,1864, as appropriates $'250,0tj0 for bounties for de-
struction of enemies' vessels, sc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. In line two hundred and
seventy-eight of section one, 1 move to strikeout
"twenty-five" and insert "fifteen;" so that
the clause will read:
For preparing for publication tho American Nau-
tical Almanac, $15,850.
I propose to reduce it to that amount.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Itv section one, after line
one hundred and fifty-eight, I move to insert:
For continuing tho work on tho new machine and
boiler-shop, $100,000.
That is to supply an omission on the part of
the Committee on Finance to report an amend-
ment for the carrying on of the work already
begun at the navy-yard in New York, where
the foundation has been laid and the building
partly erected.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the appropria-
tion ought to be made.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I propose to insert in sec-
tion one, after line two hundred and sixty-eight,
the following:
For the purchase of the grounds adjoining the
Naval Academy at Annapolis, belonging to the State
of Maryland, and known as the Governor's house and
grounds, $25,000.
For the purchase of other grounds at Annapolis for
the use of tho Naval Academy, $25,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to have
that explained.
Mr. GRIMES. The Committee on Naval Af-
fairs propose to extend the grounds of the Naval
Academy. Adjacent to those grounds there is
a tract of land belonging to the State of Mary-
land, embracing about four and seventy-three
hundredths acies, with a water front, which,
if the line be carried out so as to correspond
with our present water wall, will give us about
six or seven acres of land. Upon that is a
very substantial house known as the Govern-
or's house, belonging to the State of Maryland.
1 suppose a great many members here are
familiar with that house. It is proposed to
buy that house and the grounds for the use of
the Naval Academy, and also to purchase either
a lot south of that or a piece of land at the
other end of the yard for the remaining $25,000
that, is proposed to bo expended by this amend-
ment.
Mr. JOHNSON. Has the Senator ascer-
tained whether the house which belongs to the
State can be purchased for 525,000?
Mr. GUI MBS. Yes, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Has my friend from
Iowa examined the matter personally, and is
he satisfied in regard to it?
Mr. GRIMES. I have examined it thor-
oughly, and I am satisfied that the property
for which we propose to pay the State of Mary-
land ยง25,000, is intrinsically worth twice that
sum.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is worth a great deal
more.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is the Department in
favor of making this purchase?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir : the Department is
in favor of making the purchase, provided wo
do not adopt the theory of the Department and
send the Academy away down into Virginia.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 offer this amendment to
come in after the one just adopted:
For the erection of a building suitable for the ac-
commodation of the third and fourth classcs in tho
Naval Academy, jl 00,000.
I think that the propriety of making this
amendment will suggest itself to the mind of
every person who has been at the Naval Acad-
emy] It is moved upon the recommendation of
the Department, upon the recommendation of
the Superintendentofthe NavalAcademy, upon
the recommendation of all the officers of the
Academy, and upon tho strong recommendation
of everybody who has a son or a friend at the
Academy. The young men in the third and
fourth classes are now kept on board of frigates
where they are obliged to sleep, to eat, and to
study. The result is that they are in an unhealthy
condition, and must necessarily be so as long as
they are compelled to remain for two successive
years in that condition. That it results from
confinement on ship-board is sufficiently evinced
by the sick-lists of those classes as compared
with the two classes that are on land.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not consider it
my duty as chairman of the Committee on
Finance to oppose every amendment that is
proposed which addresses itself to my own
