THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
spirit in attempting to get rid of all taxation.
This amendment would be introducing some-
thing entirely new into the bill which is not in
any part of it.
Mr. HOWARD. The honorable member
from Maine seems to have the impression that
iron bridges are made almost entirely of cast
iron. At least one half of the iron material
entering into a bridge is wrought iron, not
cast iron.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The exemption does
not go any further in any part of the bill than
simply to the castings, with the exception of
bar and railroad iron.
Mr. HOWARD. Far the most costly por-
tion of an iron bridge is made of wrought iron;
and it is required to be manufactured with ref-
erence to being put into a particular bridge
before it can be used. It is just as necessary
that the wrought iron of a bridge should be
prepared beforehand with reference to the par-
ticular position which it is to occupy in the
bridge as that the various parts of a watch
should be thus prepared. There can be no
difficulty at all in guarding the revenues against
any fraud that may, be suspected.
Mr. FESSENDE'N. Not the slightest. If
we give up collecting the revenue, of course
there will be no trouble about frauds.
_Mr. HOWARD. The difficulty is the high
price of iron, and the next to impossibility of
the manufacturer's proceeding with this enter-
prise if the wrought iron which enters into the
fabric is to be taxed after it has been procured
by the manufacturer for the purpose of going
into the bridge. There is the great difficulty.
I hope that this amendment will be adopted.
Mr. GRIMES. All the iron that goes into
a bridge, as I understand, is rolled iron. It is
what may perhaps be called dimension iron.
It is rolled in the particular form in which it
is to be used in the bridge. It is not wrought
iron in the sense in which wrought iron is usu-
ally understood. It is not iron which can be
made into the various forms into which black-
smiths convert wrought iron. Now, where is
the principle in exempting railroad iron, as
the committees of both Houses have reported
that we should do, and as we have agreed to
do, and not exempting also the rolled iron that
goes to make the bridge structure upon which
the road is to pass wheu it crosscs a stream ?
Does not the same principle apply in this case
as in the other? Perhaps the amendment of
the Senator from Michigan would be more
appropriate-if it spoke of the rolled parts of
the bridge. We have exempted the structure
as an entirety from duty. We have exempted
the rolled rails on which the track runs until
it comes to the bridge. Now, is there any rea-
son that can be assigned why we shall not also
exempt the parts of the bridge that support
the superstructure upon which the train passes
when it goes over this cavity in the earth ?
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection to the
amendment is the uncertainty and ambiguity
that will be created by its adoption. The bill
now exempts nearly all kinds of cast iron from
taxes, especially all cast iron used by railroads.
The only rolled iron that I believe is exempted
from the tax is railroad iron. This is a spe-
cial exemption in favor of the railroad inter-
est, not probably defensible. If you were
called upon to defend the exemption of rail-
road iron it would be very difficult to defend
it upon the ground that it is an exception in
favor of the railroad interest; and yet this ex-
ception is made in their favor. They want the
exception to extend to the whole list. They
might as well say that all the rails used in a
freight depot should be exempted from taxa-
tion because you exempt cast iron, the nails,
and the repairs of machinery. We have ex-
empted locomotives and a certain class of
repairs.
It seems to me, the difficulty will be this :
it is true that in the city of Detroit, wh< re there
is .a very large establishment for constructing
railroad bridges, they may at that shop con-
struct all the parts of a railroad bridge, and if
they do, they are exempt under the general
exemption made of railroad bridges; bat in
every railroad bridge there are component
parts made at other rolling-mills. Now, if
you exempt all the parts of a railroad bridge,
when a part is rolled out in Pennsylvania, how
can it be determined whether that will be used
as a part of a railroad bridge or not? It may
not be. Very much of the iron used in a
railroad bridge may be used also for building
purposes. It is therefore impossible for us to
go any further than we have already done.
You have exempted the iron railroad bridge ;
and that will include all the work done by the
man who builds the bridges; but when you
extend the exemption to the parts of a rail-
road bridge, you go back to the foundery; you
go back to the Pennsylvania roller; you go
back to the man who manufactures the rails,
or contributes by his work to any portion of
this railroad bridge; and you make uncer-
tainty and ambiguity. It seems to me, there-
fore, that this interest is sufficiently protected
when you exempt the railroad bridge and the
castings, the materials that go into it.
In the case that I know the Senator wishes
to provide for—the case in Detroit—a very
intelligent gentleman came to me and spoke
to me about this clause, and there is no doubt
that as it now stands it will embrace all that
he desires, because by the exemption of the
railroad bridge you exempt all the work done
by a man in constructing that bridge; but it
ought not to go back and exempt all the work
that has been done on the various parts by some
one else.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Does the Senator under-
stand from this language, "iron bridges," that
all the materials that enter into an iron bridge
when it is a completed structure are to be, be-
fore they enter into the structure, exempted
from tax?
Mr. SHERMAN. No, sir; but the Senator
wishes to make it so.
Mr. HOWARD. That is the very point on
which he,and I differ.
Mr. SHERMAN. He wishes to make it so,
and I say it is impossible, because the assessor
cannot tell, when the iron is rolled out, whether
it is to be used for a bridge or a house.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; then all I ask
is that when it is procured by the manufacturer
a3 a bridge, and formed into some part of a
bridge, so molded, hammered, bent, or formed,
as to be made suitable to enter into a bridge
and form a part of it as such, it shall be ex-
empted from that time forth from taxes. I do
not ask that the raw material, the commercial
article, the iron found at the ironmonger's shop
shall be exempted from taxation.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is precisely what
the Senator's amendment will do.
Mr. HOWARD. No, sir.
Mr. SHERMAN. All the parts that enter
into a bridge are to be exempt. You exempt
the railroad bridge, which is made by the con-
tractor or constructer, and then propose to
exempt all the parts that enter into and form
part of that bridge.
Mr. HOWARD. When they are formed and
fashioned to become parts of the bridge.
Mr. SHERMAN. Those parts are made in
a remote region; and how can you distinguish
them ? It seems to me we have gone far
enough.
Mr. GRIMES. I understand the Senator
from Ohio to admit that the only objection
there is to this proposition is that it may lead
to fraud, inasmuch as it will be impossible to
distinguish between the iron that may be rolled
and used for bridges and that which may be
rolled for other purposes. I think he is en-
tirely in error in that. I do not suppose that
any iron company ever rolled a bit of iron that
could be used for bridge purposes without first
having a contract with some company by which
the iron was to be used in a specific way, and
having the exact dimensions of the bridge;
but in order to obviate all difficulty on that
subject, I suggest to the Senator from Michigan
that he adopt this phraseology, "and all iron
rolled specially for and used in the structure
of bridges."
Mr. HOWARD. I will accept that amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. That will not apply to spikes ;
it will not apply to wrought iron ; it will not
apply to the various forms in which iron can
be used, and which the Senator from Ohio sup-
poses may be objectionable, but only to the
large dimension iron, which can only be used in
the structure of a bridge, and after a contract
is made. There will be 110 difficulty in follow-
ing it from the place where it is rolled to the
place where it is used.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to me that the
amendment proposed by the Senator from
Iowa is worse than the other. I fear very
much that if the amendment were adopted all
the iron rolled in the country would be rolled
for bridges, and I do not believe we would get
any duty. Everybody would say, this is in-
tended for such and such a "bridge; and we
should never get any duty. We would have to
rely entirely on their statement.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not know what kind
of bridges the Senator from New Hampshire
has been in the habit of seeing; but the iron
in the bridges that I have seen could not be
used by blacksmiths, if they were torn to pieces,
for making horseshoes or anything of that sort.
Mr. SHERMAN. The kind of iron that is
used for a certain class of bridges that I know
something about is one and one and a half
inch pound iron, which has a screw at the end,
and is used as a part of a trestle bridge; and
that can be used for almost all the purposes for
which iron can be used.
Mr. GRIMES. That is the kind of iron that
they use in wooden bridges.
Mr. SHERMAN. Trestle bridges.
Mr. GRIMES. We are speaking about iron
bridges, and this amendment applies to iron
bridges, and not to wooden bridges. The
whole subject under consideration is iron
bridges; and if the Senator ever saw any of
that kind of iron in an iron bridge he has seen
something that I have never seen.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The difficulty of adopt-
ing such an amendment would be the great lia-
bility to fraud under it, as the Senator from
Ohio has stated. All of this work might be
done at one establishment; but this bar iron,
rolled iron, &c., can be used for any purpose,
and they could pass it off and escape taxation
by saying that it was for the making of bridges.
What proof can we have that it ever goes into
the construction of a bridge? It is not taxed;
it is free; and whether it will be absolutely
used in the construction of a bridge we can
never know. It can be used just as well for
anything else, or sold and used for anything
else, precisely. The reason why there is 110
chance for fraud in the case of castings is, that
when it is once cast for a particular purpose it
is good for nothing else, and if broken up, it is
ruined. There is no danger, therefore, to the
revenue with reference to castings once made.
But if you apply the principle to wrought iron,
and let it escape from taxation in a large estab-
lishment, how are you going to follow it to
know whether it is to be used in the construc-
tion of a bridge? The bridge is not made at
one factory. The result will be that it will
open the door to fraud, and there is no know-
ing how much of this iron may escape taxation
under this provision. I hope the Senate will
not think of adopting such an amendment, sim-
ply for the purpose of giving additional aid to
these very large and rich corporations and rail-
road companies.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
enirely misapprehends this question. These
bridges are absolutely made and put up at the
factories, be they longer or shorter, and every
particle of the iron composing each part of the
bridge is rolled or cut for that specific pur-
pose.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They are not taken in
that way to the places where they are to be put
