THE GON"GEESSIONMj GLOBE.
January 23,
-then held as-Blaves are now emancipated. We
have learned, by sad experienco, that what have
-beeii called in these days "the compromises of
.-the Constitution'' have proved a Pandora' sbox,
out.of which have come all manner of evils to'
afflict this country. They have brought on this
.-war. They have produced all of this bloodshed
ip the struggle through which we have passed
for the la«tfouryear3.. All these grew out of it.
We now, at the termination of this struggle,
for the. first time hold the power to do right.
If the people of the United States will but rise
up to the standard of duty and mete out the full
measure of justice which has,been so long with-
held from them,, they have the power to do it.
This Congress has a majority in favor.of these
principles, ;&nd ought to pass such an amend-
ment as is[ required by the emergency. The
States riot in the rebellion are numerous enough
to,ratify an amendment to the Constitution: and
I verily believe if the men elcctcd to this Con-
gress as Republicans would vote together for
such amendments to the Constitution as they
in their consciences approve, they would be
incorporated into the Constitution, for the States
would adopt them; it is only because of the
timidity of men, it is only because they are
afraid to come up to the mark. •
I say that the people who are behind the peo-
ple are more radical than we are ourselves. They
are radical, gentlemen, most radical. They
desire this Congress to do right, and they be-
lieve that, right consists in enfranchising the
loyal people of this country without regard to
race or color, and that if anybody shall be dis-
franchised it shall be the white rebels and traitors
who have been seeking to overthrow the coun-
try.
. Mr. SMITH. I understand my friend to say
that there would be enough of States not in re-
bellion to adopt the constitutional amendment.
Does he consider that three fourths of the States
not in rebellion could pass an amendment to
the Constitution of the United States, or does
he consider it requisite to have three fourths of
the entire number of the. States?
Mr, FAllNSWOKTH. That raises a ques-
tion which is a mere play on words, whether
the Slates which were in rebellion are out of
the Union.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr, .FARNSWORTH. In my judgment,
.three fourths of the States which were not in
the rebellion are sufficient, i do not see how
a Slate which has been in the rebellion can act
on the Constitution. I do not see how a State
•which has abolished its State government, as a
part of the United States, and has been acting
m open hostility to the Government—I do not
gee how such a State can have submitted to its
Legislature apropositionfor ratification. [would
like to know how the gentleman would have sub-
mitted the constitutional amendment two years
ago to the rebel Stales for ratification or rejec-
tion.
Mr. .SM1TJI. ] will answer with pleasure.
When the amendment to the Constitution abol-
ishing slavery was passed by this House it, was
understood by every member upon this tloor,
without exception, that it would require three
fourths of the States. It was a question whether
the States of Now Jersey, Kentucky, Tennessee,
and Arkansas would not. pass that amendment
and so secure three fourths of the United States.
Reference was made in the argument of this
question that after the war had begun Tennessee
was represented in Congress; that Virginia was
represented during the whole war in the Senate,
and West Virginia was represented in this House.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I decline to yield any
further.
Mr. SMITH. You asked me a question, and
I hope you will allow me to answer it.
Louisiana was also represented. A gentle-
man in this city, now claiming to be a repre-
sentative in the Senate of the United States from
Louisiana, was a member upon this tloor while
the war was going on and three fourths of that
State^ was in actual rebellion. I do not think
the Union members have meant to say that the
States have been out of the Union.
As I have answered my friend that I believe
it does require three fourths of the States of the
Union to ratify an amendment to the Constitu-
tion, I ask him whether we are to repudiate
everything done by those people since the war
has ceased?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Mr. Speaker, that
has nothing to do with the question that I asked
of the gentleman from Kentucky. Now I ask
him, would he have submitted.the constitutional
amendment that passed Congress two years ago,
at that time, to the Legislature of South Caro-
lina? Of course he cannot answer it in the
affirmative. It could not have been submitted
to that Legislature.
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman did not ask me
any such question. He never said a word about
South Carolina. The question was as to three
fourths of the States. Louisiana, Arkansas, Ten-
nessee, and Virginia hold Legislatures at that
time which sent men to Congress. To those
Legislatures this amendment, was presented,
and they adopted it, and their vote in its favor
was counted by the Secretary of State among
the twenty-seven States making up the three
fourths by which it became recognized as a part
of the law of the land.
Mr. BROMWELL. Will the gentleman from
Illinois allow mo to ask him a question?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. How long will it take
to ask it?
Mr. BROMWELL. It is this: if the entire
number of States which were in the Union in
1800 is to be counted in the number necessary
to vote; and if there were now pending an
amendment to the Constitution abolishing sla-
very, and it had received the vutes of so many
States that, but one more would be necessary to
carry it: does the gentleman believe that there
is sueh a sufficient State government in Ala-
bama, or that its action could divest the right
of Kentucky to her slaves over her solemn vote
twice repeated within the last three months?
Mr. SMITH. The gentleman from Illinois
will allow me to answer that question, which
has been so curiously put,. I answer that, so far
as Kentucky is concerned in refusing to pass the
constitutional amendment, I very much regret
it; for everybody knows I voted for it with
pleasure, in dangerous hours, and when a man
of my political complexion stood very little"
chance of getting even into the ofhcc of consta-
ble in my State. But I stood up, and 1 have
asserted on this floor, and reassert it now, that, it
required three fourths of the States, including
Alabama, which is on the list, to abolish shi\ery
in Kentucky: and Alabama, with the other
twenty-six States, having done it, it, is apart of
the fundamental law of the land, and Kentucky
is bound to obey it. But, sir, without three
fourths of the States no State was under obli-
gation to receive it or recognize it as the law of
the land. 1 say that all the States are in the
Union, because we kept them in by force of
arms.
_ Mr. FARNSWORTII. I did not intend "to
discuss the question whether these States were
in the Union or out of it. 1 do not understand
that that has very much to do with the question
before the House. I was betrayed into it by
the gentleman from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith.]
I do not sec, as 1 said before, if these States
had been in rebellion for ten years, and were
still in the Union to bo counted for the amend-
ment of the Constitution, that it would be pos-
sible for us to amend the Constitution of the
United States so long as- they remained in re-
bellion. And if these States have been in the
Union all the time, why do not the Senatois
from those States who hold over, and who by
the terms of their election would bo entitled to
represent their States, now come and take their
seats in the Senate?
Mr. SMITH. Because you will not let them.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. We passed no law
saying that, they shall not come in. Their cre-
dentials are already in the Senate. They took
their hats one day and walked out. They may
come in and lake off their hats and sit down
to-day. Why not? If they have been in the
Union all the time, why may not Robert Toombs
or Jeff. Davis or John C. Breckinridge, or any
of those whose terms are unexpired, come in
again?
A Member. They have been expelled.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I think Breckinridge
was the last Senator elected from Kentucky be-
fore the rebellion, and would hold over to the
present time.. Why not come and take his seat?
Mr. SMITH. _Now I hope the gentleman will
allow me to put in a word.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, sir.
Mr. SMITH. One word on the Breckinridge
question. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I only occupy the floor
by the courtesy of my colleague.
Mr. SMITH. I happen to have' been in the
Legislature -t>f Kentucky when Mr. Breckin-
ridge was in the Senate of the United'States.
I voted requesting him to resign his seat,-and in
case he did not, to askthe Senate of the United
States to expel him because of his treason. He
was expelled because of his treason against the
Government of the United States, and I hope
the time will never come when any American
citizen who. has the privilege of representing
any portion of this people will allow such a man
as John C. Breckinridge to take a seat in the
Senate of the United States. But it is not fair
in argument to bring up sueh a case as that.
Why does not the gentleman vote to allow Mr.
Maynard and.Mr. Stokes, men who assisted in
electing him to this House, to take their seats
here and represent, that State in this House?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I hope the lime will
never come when the Congress of the United
States will allow a State still in open rebellion
and treason against the Government of the
United States to take its place in the govern-
ment of the nation. And if we are not to allow
them to take their seats here because of treason
and rebellion, why does not the same argument
reach hack fo the Stale itself which is in rebel-
lion and (reason? The gentleman asks to let
Mr. Stokes and Mr. Maynard lake their seats.
Sir, for those gentlemen I entertain a high
respect. I know they.have continued faithful
among the traitors, have been trueto the Union
when it was dangerous for men in their position
to bo so. But it is no question about men. The
question for Congress to decide is, as to their
power of sending their agent here, not the char-
acter of that agent. It is the character of the
people. Is that people entitled to a Represent-
ative upon this floor? If it is in a position to
be represented on this lloor as a State of the
Union, then we aremot to scrutinize the agent
they send here and degenerate into a commit-
tee to decide upon the mere character of the
man who is sent to represent it. We go behind
the agent. We go to the question as to the
constituency. The question is, is it. entitled to
be represented ? not, who is the agent they send
here ?
Mr. RTROUSE. Will the gentleman yield
to me for a moment ?
Mr. FARNSWORTH. No, I must decline
to yield.
Mr. BAKER. Inasmuch as I do not perceive
that this side debate is exceedingly germane to
the question before the House, and inasmuch
as I am beginning to apprehend that this per-
formance may turn out to be the play of Hamlet
with the part of Hamlet left out, though I desire
to be exceedingly courteous to my colleague
from Illinois, I beg him to bring his remarks to
a conclusion.
A Member. And let Hamlet resume his play.
[Laughter. ]
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has thirty-
three minutes of his time remaining.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I will occupy but a
very few moments more. To come back to the
question under immediate consideration,I would
much prefer, if we are to adopt any amendment
to the Constitution on the basis of representa-
tion, that we should put it upon the voting basis,
or, if that cannot be adopted, then let us adopt
a provision which shall put it out of the power of
these States to circumvent it, and by any shift.,
or trick to get round it that by declaring if this
