1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2409
as the gentleman from Kentucky is aware, by
the remarks of my colleague.
Mr. SMITH. I disclaim any intention to
interfere in the controversy between the gen-
tleman and his colleague. I was only asking
a question with reference to the point of re-
pentance and confession, whether the gentle-
man would forgive a man on that ground.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Cer-
tainly I would, so far as 1 am personally con-
cerned; but I would not, for that reason,
exempt all the traitors from the just penalty
of their criihes.
Now, Mr. Speaker, a dozen gentlemen
around me are calling for the reading of the
speech of Heister Clymer, to which I have
referred, and which is just handed to me by
the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr. War-
ner. j How he happened to have it I know not.
In compliance with their wishes, I send to the
Clerk's desk to be read an extract from the
Legislative Record, the official report of the
debates in the Pennsylvania Legislature.
The Clerk read as follows:
" Mr. Clymek. Mr. Speaker, on this day, at this
hour, in this place, a great issue is on trial, fraught
with the interests, not only of the present, but of the
future; and if I, in the decision of this issue, have
acted a part, however unimportant, I shall hereafter
look back to this day, to this hour, and to this place,
with feelings of no little gratification."
_ ""What is the question presented? It is a propo-
sition to invite Andrew Johnson, the so-called Gov-
ernor of Tennessee, to address the people of Penn-
sylvania from tlie Senate chamber of this State. I
have various reasons for opposing this proposition.
In the first place, I here boldly proclaim that he is
not at this hour and never has been, by tho Consti-
tution or under the laws, the Governor of the State
of Tennessee, except wheu years ago he was eleoted
to that office by the people. I say, sir, that his ap-
pointment by the President of the United States to
that position was a usurpation of power on the part
of the President, and that there is no warrant under
the Constitution, no authority in the laws for his
appointment; and that every act which he has as-
sumed to perform by virtue of his unconstitutional
and illegal appointment has been in derogation of
the rights of a sovereign State, and iu flat violation
of the Constitution of the United States.
"T say, sir, furthermore, that no such position as
military governor of a State is known to the Consti-
tution of tho United States; that there is nothing in
that instrument which authorizes the President of the
United States to appoint a military governor of any
State; and that to make such an appointment was
to create the State of Tennessee a militaryprovince;
and that his appointment was made to carry out and
subserve the purposes of the present. Administration,
which is to reduce all tho States of this Union to the
condition of mcro dependencies of a consolidated oli-
garchy or despotism. That is my position, so far as
concerns this protended Governor of Tenn&ssee. An-
drew Johnson has not been fur years, and is notnow,
the Governor of that State; and I wiil never recog-
nize him as tuch by voting for this resolution.
"But, sir, without regard to any question of his
official position, take Andrew Johnsonasan individ-
ual. assuming that he is rightfully clothed with the
robes oi otllco and may constitutionally exercise tho
duties of that high position; even then, I to jou,
Mr. Speaker, that I never by my vote will allow a
man to come into these halls and from this place
speak to the people of this great State in support of
what I know to be illegal, unconstitutional, and
tyrannical acts of the Federal Government. I know,
sir, that Andrew Johnson has gone as far as the far-
thest, andisieady to go still further, to destroy, to
uproot, to upturn every principle upon which this
great and good Government of ours was founded. I
know that he has bent with suppliant knee before
the throne of power: I know that for pelf or some
other consideration, lie lias succumbed to every
measure presented to him for approval or disapproval;
and I know that in spcecbos delivered in the cap-
itals of other States lio has enunciated doctrines
which, if adopted by the people of the great North,
would bo subversive of individual freedom and per-
sonal light. Sir, by no vote ol mino can any person
holding such views address the people of Pennsylva-
nia in this chamber. Never, sir, never, so long as I
have aright to forbid him."
Mr. LAY/RENCE, of Pennsylvania. As
th^ language to which I have referred does not
appear in that speech, it is proper that I should
say that Mr. Clyrner and others suppressed a
portion of the most objectionable part of their
speeches. But from the whole tenor of that
speech, the House will observe that it was a
repudiation of Andrew Johnson, not only per-
sonally and politically, but officially.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Will my
colleague yield to me a moment?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. For
what purpose ?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. _ That I
may have read a document which I wish to go
to the public along with the speech of the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Ingersoil.]
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. Ican-
not yield for that purpose.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It will
take only a minute.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. The
gentleman knows very well that I have not
much time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. The doc-
ument which I desire to have read is the plat-
form upon which Heister Clymer was nomi-
nated as a candidate for Governor.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I have
seen that platform over and over again. It is
an utter abandoment of all the old positions
of the Democratic party.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. It is a
good Union platform,
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. But,
sir, of what use is a platform which every one
knows to consist simply of hypocritical pro-
fessions? Sir, the platform which that party
has adopted in Pennsylvania for campaign pur-
poses is a card representing Clymer supporting
a white man, while General Geary, that heroic
man, who traveled with Sherman through the
South, and returned victoriously, is represented
as holding up, or perhaps embracing, a negro.
Sir, the only capital of the Democratic party
to-day in Pennsylvania is the negro question'.
They attempt to appeal to the lowest passions
and prejudices of the ignorant and debased
with regard to the negro. Because some of
us representing here the State of Pennsylvania
voted for negro suffrage, as an experiment, and
to enable tliem to competewith returned rebels
in this District, our names are paraded as friends
of the negro in preference to the white man.
In this, with the tricks of demagogues, that
party appeal to passion and prejudice, and not
to judgment and reason.
Now, I say that is the platform upon which
these men stand. It is published in every Dem-
ocratic paper in the State. I eulogized Presi-
dent Johnson when these men were denouncing
him. 1 stood by him at that time, in Iiarris-
burg, when he made one of the most able argu-
ments that I ever heard in defense of the Con-
stitution and the right of the Government to
put down this rebellion. I followed him then ;
I followed him in Tennessee, when he stood
like an oak stricken in the forest, when he was
driven from home, and his family were scat-
tered. I stood by him then, and I stood by
him as the candidate of the Republican party
in the last campaign. I helped to elect hinj.
I would be glad, sir, to say that I indorsed
every act of his Administration. I do not, and
I cannot. I came here as anxious as my friend
from Illinois that we should be united, that, the
President and Congress should stand together
in this great issue. I knew the assaults wo had
to meet from the Democratic party. I knew
they were thirsting for the loaves and fishes.
I knew they would use' every elfort to secure
possession of the Government. 1 was anxious
that we should stand upon the platform of the
}>arty which would save us from this humilia-
tion and disgrace. 1 did all a man could do to
stand by the President, and, as some of my
friends know, I subjected myself to suspicion
and reproach from some of my radical friends,
because I did not indorse all their policy. I
regretted to hear tho President abused early in
the session. I was anxious we should be kept
together; but after his speech of the 22d of
February, and after his veto of the civil rights
bill, I found I could not go for his whole policy
without degrading myself and losing my own
self-respect.
And I say here, in the presence of the nation,
that my district that voted for him was in favor
of sustaining his Administration until by some
of his own acts, and by means of the copper-
head party all over the land, he succeeded in
destroying that confidence which I desired_ to
cultivate; and to-day I have the gratification
to know, although I represent a doubtful dis-
trict, that the President, by the removal of pure,
honest, and patriotic men, and by pardoning
> men covered all over with crime, who have
been guilty of treason to the country, and by
suffering himself to be .led astray by our oppo-
nents, has made it necessary for the Union
men to stand together in support of the general
policy we sustain here, and they are as earnest
and as powerful as when they sustained An-
drew Johnson for the Vice Presidency of tho
United States. They stand in opposition to the
general policy of the President, and in favor
of the general policy pursued by the party in
Congress, and i stand there with them. I am
not going to abandon my principles to follow
the lead of any man. I was willing to yield
something for peace and harmony. When war
is made upon us, when it comes upon the wings
of the wind every morning and every evening,
when we are attacked upon all sides, when
attacks are made upon our people because they
are not willing to bear the yoke, I cannot
support the policy.
Mr. Speaker, I will not abuse the President
personally. I never do that thing. I predict,
with the honorable gentleman from Illinois, that
we need not fear the contest. We live in an
age of advancement, when bibles and churches
and school-houses are scattered all aver the
land, when men are expected to respect a man
because he is a man, when men are expected
to do justice to all men, white or black; and I
say the day is not far distant when this miser-
able copperhead party, that has no love of prin-
ciple, that does not stand by its professed prin-
ciples during more than one campaign, that
has changed them in my own State twenty times
within my own knowledge, when this Demo-
cratic party that derided Johnson, that slan-
dered Lincoln—yes, sir, for they did deride,
vilify, and slander him all over tho land, call-
ing him a low buffoon, while to-day they come
up and hypocritically sing praises to his mem-
ory—I say that the day is not far distant when
this Democratic party will sink into oblivion
covered with the curses of the people it has
deceived.
This same party rallies around President
Johnson by night and by day. Go to the
White House any time you please and you will
be sure to see some of them, and always the
shadow of some of the Blairs. [Laughter.] I
have scarcely ever gone there without meeting
some one of the family. I have seen the old
man, who is almost ready to fall into the grave,
there. It was the same during Lincoln's ad-
ministration ; he was always there trying to lead
the President away from the people, in order
to give office to the family.
I feel like the man in my own State at the
time that President Jackson removed the de-
posits. He said, ''I didn't wish General Jack-
son any harm; but I shouldn't care if the
Almighty took a fancy for him.'' [Laughter.]
No family in this land so few in number has
done so much to alienate the President from
those who were his friends as this family of
Blairs.
I have been drawn off into this personality.
How could 1 help it? The Union organization
by which I have stood since the first tocsin of
arms was sounded at the attack on Sumter, I
have followed it, never stopping to inquire
whether a man who adhered to it was a Dem-
ocrat or a Republican, and it was this organi-
zation and its policy that saved the country. I
have met these men who call themselves Dem-
ocrats everywhere. I know where they stand,
and how they long for tho flesh-pots of Egypt.
But I havo always found myself right when I
have sustained the Union organization in my
own State. Months ago I trembled for the
President elected by Union votes, when I saw
those men about the White House trying to
steal him away, flattering him, eulogizing himj
and dictating a policy for him.
When I saw, long since in the State Depart-
ment, a pile of pardons as high as twenty family
Bibles, [laughter,] and a man carrying a lot ot
them out. I saw it was a wholesale business,
and was informed by a gentleman there he had
carried out thousands of such.
Well may we tremble for the President, wnen
