3370
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 23,
road so much annually or so much per hundred-
weight carried. They undertake with the rail-
road company to bear all risks, receive all
goods offered, and deliver them, and bear the
railroad company harmless except from dam-
ages that arise from the negligence of the rail-
road company. It is for that guarantee, that
insurance, and for collecting the goods and de-
livering them to the parties for whom they are
intended at the place of destination, that ex-
press companies make a charge beyond that
which is allowed to the railroad companies.
Every railroad, to a certain extent, runs in
competition with the express companies; but 
their guarantee under the liabilities of the law
is not as good as the personal guarantee of the
express companies, and hence the people pre-
fer to patronize the latter. If an express com-
pany undertakes to carry $100,000, and a rob-
bery is committed before the money reaches
its destination, the owner expects immediate
payment, and not payment at the end of a law-
suit. When I was in the Treasury Department
one of these express companies lost $50,000
of Government money intrusted to them. They
made a very fair representation of the case, but
as Secretary of the Treasury I told them that
they could never carry a dollar more until they
paid that, and they paid it up, for they wanted
the business. So it is with individuals; they
require them to stand up to their bargains. No
railroad company that I know of would be able
to respond at once to such a liability. The rail-
road companies are not able to keep on hand
the amount necessary to meet such contingen-
cies. The Adams Express Company, which
I believe is one of the strongest there is, has a
surplus invested which is probably sufficient
to meet all the hazards, and they do it very
promptly. It is impossible that the commu-
nity can have these guarantees and these extra
services and this prompt payment on the part
of the express companies without paying some-
thing in return. They are running lightning
express lines by arrangements with the rail-
road companies. They charge more than the
railroad companies; but if the railroad com-
panies were to undertake to do the business
it would be broken up in a very short time,
because there is not the same liability and
security to the public.
We found during the war that the. Adams
Express Company made a great deal of money.
They were the only line that were allowed by
the military authorities to carry anything over
the Louisville and Nashville railroad. The
railroad company was prohibited from carry-
ing anything except Government supplies and
Government troops. The railroad company
could not carry a dollar's worth of freight over
the road, and the express companies had the
business all to themselves. This threw an
immense and very profitable business into their
hands, and they got to be exceedingly odious to
everybody who did not like to see other people
grow rich fast. I am satisfied that if the pub-
lic have the accommodation of the express
lines and have their guarantee, they will always
have to pay for it. Most of these express com-
panies pay for the transportation of their goods
to the railroad companies fully one half of
their receipts ; and a tax of three per cent, on
their gross receipts is equivalent to six per
cent, on their earnings, because they pay one
half and sometimes a greater proportion to the
railroad companies who transport their freight.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I offer an amendment on page
197, in section [thirty-five] thirty-three, line
seven, after the word "gallon" to insert " until
the 1st day of November, 1866, and after that
date SI 50 on each gallon until the 1st day of
April, 1867, and after that date one dollar on
each gallon."
This is simply a proposition to reduce the
rate of tax upon whisky ultimately to one
dollar a gallon. The amendment proposes
that the reduction shall not commence until
the 1st day of November next, and then $1 50
on each gallon shall be paid until the 1st day
cf April following, and after the 1st day of
April next year, that the rate of tax upon
whisky shall be one dollar per gallon.
I am induced to offer this amendment from
several considerations. I believe, in the first
place, it will yield more.revenue. In the next
place it will reduce a very large amount of
temptation that there is in the country for
illegitimate distillation of spirits and for the
commission of fraud upon the public revenue
and of perjury. I believe, from the slight infor-
mation I have upon the subject, that there are
now thousands of persons all over the United
States engaged in distilling spirits in fraud of
the revenue, clandestinely and illegitimately. I
believe that they are encouraged and rewarded
to do so by the high rate of tax upon the dis-
tillation of whisky and other spirits. It is a
principle that taxes may become so high as
to destroy revenue, too high to produce the
largest amount of revenue ; and I believe that
that is the state of the present tax upon whisky.
My own opinion is that it is too high to pro-
duce the largest amount of revenue. Any eva-
sion of the law by spurious distillation is ac-
companied by more or less of crime and of
demoralization. I think the reduction of the
rate of taxation as I have proposed would have
a tendency to remove very much of the temp-
tation to fraud, perjury, and crime that is cer-
tainly stimulated under the present high tax
upon whisky, and I think it would be a meas-
ure not only of political economy but of moral-
ity also to reduce the rate of tax upon whisky
as I have proposed.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. The other provisions of
the bill have been arranged with reference to
that particular provision, the free list, &c.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DAVIS. I propose another amendment
on page 01, in line twelve hundred and eighty-
six, to strike out after the word "distillers"
the words " shall pay $100," and to insert:
Who shall distill fifty barrels or loss of brandy or
whisky, twenty dollars; and every distiller who shall
dist'll more than fifty barrels, for each and everyone
hundred barrels above that quantity shall pay an
additional ton dollars.
The intent of this amendment is to establish
a graduation of the cost of special licenses.
In my State—and I suppose it is so in other
sections of the United States—a great many
small distillers consume their own grain, grain
that they themselves raise upon their farms, in
distillation. Many of them make under fifty
barrels, and very few above that quantity.
There is no reason in justice why a man who
distills grain which he raises upon his own farm,
and in that form seeks to find a market for it,
and who makes but fifty barrels of whisky or
less, should be charged as much for a special
license as an establishment that makes two
thousand barrels. There are some distillers
that make more than that quantity, but greatly
less than any of the large distilling establish-
ments of the country. The effect of this bill,
of its various and complicated and oppressive
provisions, will be to induce these small dis-
tillers to cease their operation of distilling
wholly. The revenue that is to result from
this special tax on distillation is increased or
diminished in proportion to the number of
persons that are engaged in distilling. This
high tax of $100 upon every distiller, and the
various other most vexatious and oppress-
ive provisions of this bill, which I suppose
are necessary, that bear upon distillers, will
have the effect of inducing those who distill
a small quantity to discontinue the operation
entirely. If this amendment shall be adopted,
and a graduated price for this special permis-
sion to distill shall be established, it will have
the effect, T think, of encouraging the contin-
uation of their business by the small distillers,
and of bringing others into the operation of
distilling their own grain or the grain of their
neighbors ; and in that way I think it would be
a provision that would excite and increase the
revenue instead of diminishing it.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose an amend-
ment to come in after the word "dividends" in
line thirty-one hundred and thirty-five of sec-
tion nine of this bill, on page 136 :
That section one hundred and twenty-two be
amended by adding thereto the following proviso:
Provided, That whenever any such railroad, canal,
turnpike, canal navigation, or slack-water company
is indebted as herein set forth, and shall owe accrued
interest or matured coupons upon its indebtedness,
the tax of five per cent, on the amount of all such
interest or coupons shall be payable to the Govern-
ment whenever said interest or coupons shall bo or-
dered by any such company to be paid to the person
to whom the same shall be due and owing, or when-
ever the payment thereof, as aforesaid, by any such
company, with or without previous order, shall have
been commenced.
I will explain in a word or two what this
amendment is. The section of the old law
which it proposes to amend is section one hun-
dred and twenty-two. That provides—
" That any railroad, eanal, turnpike, canal naviga-
tion, orslack-watercompanyindebted for any money
for which bonds or other evidence of indebtedness
have been issued, payable in oneor more years after
date, upon which interest is stipulated to be paid, or
coupons representing the interest, or any such com-
pany thatmay have declared any dividend in scrip,
or money due or payable to its stockholders, as part
of the earnings, profits, income, or gains of such
company, and all profits of such company, carried to
the account of any fund, or used for construction,
shall be subject to and pay adutyof fiveper cent, on
the amount of all such interest, or coupons, dividends,
or profits, whenever the same shall be payable; and
said companies are hereby authorized to deduct and
withhold from all payments, on account of any in-
terest, or coupons and dividends due and payable as
aforesaid, the duty of five per cent.; and the pay-
ment of the amount of said duty so deducted from
tho interest, or coupons, or dividends, and certified
by the president or treasurer of said company, shall
discharge said company from that amount of tho
dividend, or interest, or coupon, on the bonds or
other evidences of their indebtedness so held by any
person or party whatever, except where said compa-
nies may have contracted otherwise."
This construction has been given to that pro-
vision : that as soon as the coupons became
due the company shall pay five per cent, on
them, whether the company is in a condition to
pay the coupons or not. In other words, it is
so construed as to make the payment of the
tax to be upon the indebtedness of the com-
pany. This was intended to be an income tax,
that the five per cent, should be paid by the
company, instead of the party to whom the
interest is payable. The proposition I now
make is, that it shall be in fact an income tax ;
that it shall be a tax upon the interest paid to
the bond-holder, instead of being a tax against
the company upon its indebtedness. Congress
did not intend to tax the indebtedness of a cor-
poration, but intended to tax the income of the
bond-holders against the company, and pro-
vided that the tax should be paid directly by the
company to the Government instead of collect-
ing the tax from the bond-holder after the cou-
pon or interest had been paid.
It seems to me this is right. There is one
company in the State of Indiana that lias not
been able to pay its coupons, but it has been
required to pay the tax upon the coupons when
it was not able to meet them. My proposition
is that when a company pays tho coupons, and
not before, it shall pay the five per cent, tax
upon them into the Treasury.
Mr. SHERMAN. The substance of this
amendment I had intended to offer myself.
The tax, as it is now imposed, is really a tax
upon an insolvent corporation. This is a mode
of collecting the income tax levied upon per-
sons who own stock in incorporate companies
or are bond-holders of those companies. I
think there ought to be some provision to meet
the case stated by the Senator from Indiana.
There are many corporations in the western
States, and perhaps some in other portions of
the country, that are laboring under the diffi-
culty which that Senator has stated. This was
really intended to be an income tax of five per
cent, levied upon coupons or interest paid by
corporations. In some cases the corporations
themselves are insolvent, and cannot and do
not pay their interest to the bond-holders.. The
tax, however, is notwithstanding levied upon
the corporations, and it is collected from their
other property, adding to their insolvency, and
in some cases really taking away from them
the power to go on.
