380
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 23,
The SPEAKER. The gentleman having
the iloor can submit the amendment on behalf
of his colleague. But it must be an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, striking^ out all
after the enacting clause and ^ inserting the
joint resolution witli the modifications indicated.
Mr. BAKER. Then I offer this amendment
atthe request of my colleague, [Mr. Ikgerso'll.]
The amendment was read, as follows:
Strike out all after Hie enacting clause and insert—
That the following article be proposed "to tho Le-
gis/aturosofthe several States as an amendment to the
Constitution ot the United States, which, when rati-
fied by three fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid
as part, of said Constitution, namely:
Art. Representatives shall be apportioned among
the several States "which may bo included within this
Union according to their respective numbers, which
shall be determined by counting the whole number of
persons in cach State : Provided, That whenovcr the
eloctive franchise shall bo denied or abridged in any
State on account of race or color, all persons of such
race or color shall bo excluded from the basis of rep-
resentation; and no State within tins Union shall
prescribe or establish any property qualifications
which mayor shall in anywise abridge tho elective
franchise.
Mr. JENCKES. Mr. Speaker, the gravest
question that can "be presented to tho Represent-
atives of the people is a proposition to amend the
fundamental law of the Republic. It should
always be app^oaehed with hesitation, consid-
ered duly, both with regard to the previous his-
tory of the Republic and its probable future,
anddeeidcdupononlyafteHhemost mature do-
liberation and full understanding of that which
is proposed, and of its application.
This proposition now under consideration,
coming as it does from the joint committee oi
fifteen, is before the House, with greater solem-
nity, if 1 may use the phrase, than any that, has
been presented upon the motion of a single
member. That committee demand for it our
immediate consideration and action. We have
a right, from the character of that committee
and the business wilh which it is charged, to
suppose that this proposition is a portion of that
plan of reconstruction which they propose to
submit, to this Congress; and that 111 their wis-
dom they believe the best method of present-
ing their plan is thus in detail, commencing with
a proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, llavingthisgrave sanction, and
being urged by the weight and authority of that
committee, this proposition, as it seems to me,
deserves a more full consideration than it has
received, or is likely to receive, in the present
temper of the House.
My opposition to this amendment is based
upon several grounds. One would suppose
that with the magnitude of the undertaking de-
volved upon this committee, aiming to heal a
wound in the Constitution of the Republic and
to give new life to it hereafter, they would have
presented a measure which was founded upon
principle, and which would stand the criticism
of all paities, not only of the present lime nut
of all future time. Wo should expect that such
a measure would at least be ba^ed upon the
principle of-ju^tice, to be carried out so as to
accord equahlv to all (he citi/ens of 1 he Slates.
But upon examining this propo u'f ion 1 lind upon
its face that, it has not the principle of jus; ice in
it. fn my judgment justice requires that the
qualification of electors for members of this
House and for electors of President and \ ice
President of the United States—111 other words,
for the two popular branches of this great Gov-
ernment—should be dciined in the fundamental
law. Upon point let mc quote the words
of Madison, written in his mature yeais to a
distinguished son of the Republic seeking ad-
vice from him. Me says :
"The right of suflrage, the rule of apportioning
representation, and tho mode of nppoinrma: to and
removing from office, are fundamentals in a free Gov-
ernment, and ought to be iixed by the Constitution."
The offe ring of an amendment implies that
there i; a difficulty to be removed, and the prop-
osition for an amendment should be one that will
remove that difficulty. The difficulty hitherto
found in the Constilntion as it stands is that
the qualification^ of these voters have been lefr
for each ot the Slates to determine within iheir
several jurisdictions. In other words;, the (ren-
eral Government has made the several States
the instruments or the means for determining
those qualifications and for conducting the elec-
tions. This power has been used for mischief,
and this amendment proposes that that mis-
chief shall no longer intervene. That certainly
should be tho remedy proposed. Now the
question of all others raised by the amendment
and presented for us to consider is this: it is
now proposed to have the qualifications of these
electors to be determined, not as it was in 1789
by some thirteen constituencies, but by some
thirty-six or more constituencies; with no other
restrictions than those contained in the proviso.
Will this prevent the recurrence of the past dif-
ficulties, and save us from such new ones as
may be anticipated from tho new state of things
if the Constitution should remain as it is?
Tthasbccn said that iuthe Conventionof 1787
a difficulty was found in fixing these qualifica-
tions so that they should bo uniform in all the
States; but that difficulty then was certainly not
one of principle, for the property qualification
existed in many if not in all of the States. If
any other difficulty existed it is now removed,
or substantially removed, since in three fourths
of the States that would be required to ratify
an amendment on this subject, nearly all of
them have made the suffrage so nearly universal
that the distinction is scarcely material. The
qualifications of voters for members of Congress
are so nearly alike that the differences can
easily be reconciled, and when once reconciled,
they can be incorporated in a provision for
an amendment of the Constitution. Certainly,
sir, it, is less difficult in a Congress composed
of less than three hundred men to agree to a
proposition which will meet the views of tho
whole country on this question of suffrage than
to adopt a proposition which, when submitted
to and adopted by the requisite number of States,
must be carried into effect by as many Legis-
latures as there are States and in a different
manner by each, and which in being carried into
effect muotbe acted upon by as many thousands
of men in State conventions and Legislatures
as there sire hundreds in this Congress.
The old difficulty, therefore, does not now
exist, and we can, if wo choose, having in view
the difficulties of tho past and wishing to avoid
nny in the future, meet this question and settle
if upon the principle of justice by endeavoring
to insert a new provision in the fundamental
law, which when adopted will place the qual-
ifications of \ofers lor members of Congress
beyond the reach of State com entions or Legis-
lat ures.
Again, in earn in;; this amendment into effect,
[ find the principle of justice overlooked and an
essential element of injustice infused into it.
If this amendment should go into effect, tho
laws of the States continuing as they now stand,
there are four million freemen, three fifths ohly
of whom were counted heretofore in tho basis
(>f representation, but all of whom will now be
excluded not only from the basis of representa-
tion, but from ever havine1 a \oice in (hi1 elec-
tion of Uej)]'e<entati\es. We yield to States the
power to exclude an emire race li\ing among
(hem, which has Intliei io been a class by them-
selves, but who must now be counted as citizens.
They may exclude not only that race, but peo-
ple of other races who immigrate to this coun-
try, and thus contravene the long-settled policy
upon which we open our ports to immigrants
from all climes, and of all nations and races,
and seek hero to build up a nation which will
not rest upon the ba^is of any narrow or clan-
ni.Mi origin, but which will eiubracc the best
blood of ibr whole human race.
A'iain. Mr. Speaker, ail amendment propos-
ing to fix the qaalificaiions of voters for niem-
bei.s of thi,J House should contain the element
of equality. A man in Vermont should li;i *. c
just as much voice in electing a Representative
here as a man in Alabama. They are equally
citizens of the United States. Jn electing mem-
bers of this House, when the electors deposit
their ballot:!, they cease to be citizens of the
small republics composing this great nation;
they are citizens of the great Republic; they
are exercising their duty to the paramount
authority, the supreme government of the land,
and to the people. This amendment proposes
to leave the determination of these qualifica-
tions to the Legislatures or constitutional con-
ventions in every State. All of them may agree
on several points. All may require that voters
shall be male citizens possessing a certain qual-
ification of age and residence. On other points
they may differ essentially. Some may impose
the additional requirement of paying taxes;
somemay fix an educational requirement; some
may admit aliens; some may admit those who
have merely declared their intention to become
citizens. Thus we may find constituencies com-
posed of different classes of citizens or inhabit-
ants voting upon varying qualifications in dif-
ferent districts and all electing members of this
House. Such, it seems to me, should not be
the case. There not being an equality, of course
the desirable element of uniformity is wanting.
The fact that a man is entitled to vote in Indi-
ana for a Representative to this House is no
evidence that if he should remove to Kentucky
he will be entitled to vote there after the re-
quired residence. In the State to which he goes
he is not entitled in this respect to the privi-
leges and immunities which he enjoyed in the
State which he leaves.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. Willthegentlemanyield
to mo a moment, that I may ask a question for
information?
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly, sir.
Mr. IN GERSOLL. If this amendment should
be ratified by three fourths of the States, is there
anything in it which will prevent a State from
requiring of a colored man a qualification which
shall not be required of a white man? For
instance, suppose that this amendment shall
become a part of the Constitution, may not the
Legislature of South Carolina declare that no
colored man shall be allowed to cxereise the
elective franchise until he is sixty years of age,
while the white man can vote on attaining the
age of twenty-one?
Mr. JENCKES. This amendment contains
no restriction which will prevent a State froiu
making a discrimination as to age or residence.
It may discriminate in those respects, as it may
do so in reference to a qualification of property
or of taxation.
This merely enjoins the Legislatures and con-
ventions of the States from discriminating on
account of race or color, and leaves open every
other qualification, or anything which may bo
declared a qualification for the exercise of the
right of suffrage on the part of the States.
There is no equality, and there can be no
equality in the proposed amendment. It seems
to mo, therefore, if we undertake to amend the
fundamental law at, all in this respect, we ought
to agree upon what should be the qualification
of voters for members of this House, embody-
ing them in the proposed amendments to sub-
mit to the Legislatures of the States. Then
there would be a definite proposition ; and that
1 believe, if it emanated fronitl^is House, would
have substantial equality and justice; would
have the elements of equality and uniformity,
and be enforced without difficulty in every State
of the Union.
Then there is another and more formidable
objection indicated in part by the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Bake:;.] This amendment,
as it stands, merely prohibits tho States from
any discrimination on account of color or race,
and it leaves open to the States to discriminate
in reference to property and to taxation. There
are many Stales where the payment of a tax is
required as a condition of voting. In former
j times all the States required a property qualifi-
I cation. It is only since the war that the con-
j stitution of South Carolina adopted in 1790 has
| been abrogated.
Mr. HILL. I ask the gentleman to yield to
me.
Mr. JENCKES. Certainly.
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I desire to ask
the gentleman a question, because I know he
is a good lawyer, and I regard his opinion as
one that will be beneficial to the House. I
desire to know whether there is anything in
