1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1451
title, or interest of any person or persons in or
to any portion or part of the aforesaid land
which is granted, relinquished, and conveyed
by this section.
Sir. THAYER. I will make a brief state-
ment in reference to this bill for the informa-
tion of the House. Bytheaet of February 17,
1815, Congress authorized persons whose lands
had been injured by earthquakes in the county
of New Madrid, in the State of Missouri, to
locate the same quantity of lands thus injured
upon other public lands of the United States.
By an act passed on the '.ith of April, 1818, these
claims were required' to be presented on or be-
fore the 1st of January, 1819. By a subsequent
act, passed on the 20th of April, 1822, it was
required that the warrants for these lands should
be located within one year of the passage of
that act; that is, prior to the 26th of April, 182^5.
There were a number of these cases in which
the initiatory steps for the locations were taken
within the period prescribed by the act of 1822,
but in which it happened that the surveys were
not returned until after the period had elapsed
within which it wasiequired by (he act of 1K22
that, the warrants should be located, and it was
held by the Supreme Court of the United States,
in the case of Bagnell vs. Broderick. (11 Peters,
Supreme Court Reports, page 418,) that the
United States never had deemed the lands to
be appropriated until the survey was returned.
So that in the case I have referred to, although
all the previous steps had been taken, the title
of those who had taken those lands under the
act of Congress passed for their relief was
rendered imperfect by the fact that the survey
had not been returned within the period pre-
scribed by law. The object of this bill is simply
to cure that defect. I believe that is all the
explanation that is required.
Before the bill is put on its passage I wish to
have an amendment made, as follows:
In scetion two, lino twenty-one, after the word
"shall " insert the words " be so construed as to in-
validate or impair any patent heretofore issued by
the UnitedStates.or shall."
I demand the previous question on this
amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
for a third reading; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. THAYER. I move to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed, and to lay
that motion on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
1AXDS I>* THE CITY 01' ST. LOUIS.
Mr. TIJAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back House bill
jSTo. 15, authorizing documentary evidence of
titles to be furnished to the owners of certain
* lands in the city of St. Louis, with an accom-
panying report, and with a recommendation
that the bill pass.
The bill and report were read.
Mr. THAYER. The report which has been
read coutains such a full statement of the facts
and reasons which call for the proposed legis-
lation that I deem it entirely unnecessary to
take the time of the House with any remarks
onthcsubjoct. Unless, therefore, some gentle-
man requires further explanation, 1 will offer
the amendment which 1 have been instructed
to offer by the committee.
I move to amend by striking out section
eight and inserting in lieu thereof the follow-
ing t
And be it further enacted, That in casoof any differ-
ence of opinion between the judges of the State and
circuit court upon any question aiising in any such
cause the same may be certified to the Supreme
Court of the United States for its decision thereon as
in other cases.
I demand the previous question on the adop-
tion of that amendment.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move the following amend-
ment, and upon it I demand the previous qites- I
tion : 1
In section nine, line three, strike out tlie words
" lands within each, every, and all the rivers."
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYEK. I now move to amend by
adding to section nine the following proviso:
Provided, however. That no individual rights or titles
acquired previously shall bo in any manner impaired
or prejudiced hereby.
The question being taken on the amendment
it was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the engrossment and third
reading of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
| The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
1 read a third lime; and being engrossed, it was
] accordingly read the third time and passed.
| Mr. TilA YER moved to reconsider the vote
j by which the bill was passed; and also moved
I that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
| table.
j The latter motion was agreed to.
■ Mr. THAYER. I move to amend the pre-
amble by striking out in the seventh line the
words *' a few'' and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "some.''
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. THAYER. I move further to amend
the preamble by striking out the words :
Which make it necessary for the United States
to furnish the parties documentary evidence of title
thereto by releasing to the proper owners all the
ri^ht, title, and interest nf the United States in and
to their respective lands.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. TH A YER moved to reconsider the voles
by which the amendments to the preamble were
agreed to ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid uponthe table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
At'GCSTIN AMIOT.
Mr. THAYER, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, reported back, with the icc-
ommendation that it do pass, bill of the House
No. iilH, to confirm to Augustin Amiot, his
legal assigns and representatives, a certain lot
of ground in the city of St. Louis, in the State
of Missouri.
The bill was read.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read a third time ; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time.
Mr THAYER. By an act of Congress
approved June 22, 1800, entitled "An act for
the final adjustment of private land claims in
Florida, Louisiana, and Missouri, and for other
purposes,'' authority was given for the settle
raent of private land claims, in which the titles
were derived from the Governments of France
and Spain. By that act a commissioner was
appointed to investigate all such claims which
might be presented of land titles at St. Louis,
and to report the result of his investigation to
the Commissioner of the Genera! Land Office,
and the Commissioner of the General Land
Office was required to make a report to Con-
gress.
In the case now before the IIousc the claim
is that of the representatives of a certain Angus-
tin Amiot. The claimant pursued the direc-
tions of the act of Congress, and the recorder of
land titles in St. Louis made a report favorable
to his claim to the Commissioner of the General
Land Office. The Commissioner reported to
the appropriate authorities the decision of the
recorder of land titles in St. Louis, and that it
was one of those claims which, under the act,
ought to be confirmed by Congress.
I may state for the information of the House
that the claimant showed satisfactorily, in the
investigation of his case before the^recorderof
land titles in St. Louis, that he and*the persons
under whom he claims have been in possession
of this lot of ground from the year 1780 down
to the present time; and he shows, also, a con-
tinuous possession. So far as the committee
knows there is no dispute in regard to that, and
as the case falls directly within the provisions
of the act of 18C0, the committee are of the opin-
ion that his title ought to be confirmed, and they
have accordingly reported the bill now before
the House. Unless some gentleman wishes to
say anything on this subject I now demand the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. THAYER moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motiog to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
A.M. JESS.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee on Private
Land Claims, reported back House bill No.
145, granting land to A. M. Jess, of Josephine
county, Oregon, with an amendment in the
nature of a substitute.
Tin; substitute was read. It authorizes A.
M. Jess to locate and settle upon three hun-
dred and twenty acres of the public lands of
the United States, in accordance with the pro-
visions and requirements of the homestead law,
in lieu of three hundred and twenty acres of
land previously located by him upon Apple-
gate river, in the State of Oregon, but ren-
dered valueless by a change in the course of
said river.
The report of the committee was read.
Mr. KERR. I now call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered: and under the op-
eration thereof the substitute was agreed to.
The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time ; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. KERR moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
william sawyer et al. of ohio.
Mr. GOODYEAR. I am instructed by the
Committee on Pri\ate Laud Claims to report
back House joint resolution No. 17, providing
for the reappraisement, of the lands described
in the act for the relief of William Sawyer
and others, of Ohio, with a recommendation
that it pass, and upon that I call the previous
question.
'The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The joint, resolution was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. GOODYEAR moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint.resolution was passed ;
and also moved that, the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ALMOST W. BABBITT.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa, from the Com-
mittee on Indian Affairs, reported back House
bill No. 150, for the relief of the administra-
tors of the estate of the late Almou W. Bab-
bitt, secretary of Utah, with an amendment in
the nature of a substitute.
The substitute was read. It sets forth that
the late Almon W. Babbitt, while secretary of
the Territory of Utah, received from the Treas-
ury of the United States the sum of $20, 500,
money appropriated by Congress ior the Ter-
ritory ; that he expended a portion of the sum
m the purchase of stationery and other articles
for the use of the Territory, and oxen and wag-
ons for its transportation ; that he and nearly
all the party were killed by the Indians when
near Fort Kearney and the properly stolen or
destroyed, and the bill provides that the ad-
ministrators of his estate shall be released from
the payment of the balance against him on th©
