1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3371
The section was intended to provide for an
income tax, and for convenience of collection
levied it on the company rather than upon the
bond-holder. The effect of the section as prac-
tically construed, however, is to add to the in-
solvency of an insolvent corporation, and take
away from them the means of paying their lia-
bilities. I think, therefore, some such provis-
ion as this ought to be inserted. I commenced
to draw one, but I have not yet completed it.
I had thought of putting it in the shape of a
proviso, providing that whenever any of the
companies named, by reason of their inability
to pay their interest, should in fact fail to pay
it, the tax should be postponed until they did
pay it. I think the amendment of the Senator
from Indiana uses more words than are neces-
sary.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it can be put into a
clear shape, I do not know that I shall object
to it.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ I think it is clear
enough as I have drawn it:
That whenevcrany sucli railroad, canal, turnpike,
canal navigation, or .-lack- wat er company is indebted
as hei ein set forth, and shall owe accrued interest or
matured coupons upon its indebtedness, the tax of
five per cent, on the amount of all such interest or
coupons shall be payable to Government whenever
said interest or coupons shall be ordered by any such
company to bo paid to the person to whom the same
shall be duo arid owing, or whenever the payment
thereof, as aforesaid, by any such company, with or
without previous order, shall have been commenced.
The amendment is simply that this five per
cent, shall be paid by the company as soon as
the company shall order the payment of the
coupons or interest, or as soon as the company
without such order shall commence the pay-
ment.
Mr. SHERMAN. I would like to amend that
amendment to carry out the object.
Mr. FESSENDEN. While the amendment
is being put in shape, I suppose I may as well
be allowed to offer some verbal amendments.
I have a long list of them here.
Mt. HEX DRICIvS. I withdraw my amend-
ment for I ho present.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 33, in line five
hundred and seventy-one, I move to strike out
the words " under this act."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. Thatcorree-
tion will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On the same page, in
line five hundred and eighty-eight,, I move to
strike out the words "under the provisions of
this act."
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line five hundred
and ninety-three, on page .11, I move to strike
out the words "arising under this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be make.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line seven hundred
and ninety-nine. on page 4'J, I move to strike
out the words " this act " and insert "law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eight hundred
and nine, on the same page, I move to strike
out "this act." and to insert law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That alter-
ation will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eight hundred
and twenty, on page 43, I move to strike out
"this act" and insert "law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eight hundred
and twenty-two, on the same page, I move
to strike out "virtue of this act" and to insert
"law ;" and I move also the same amendment
in line eight hundred and twenty-four.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eight hundred
and ninety-four, on page 40, I move to strike
out the words "under this act."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend, on
page 50, in line nine hundred and ninety-fonr,
by striking out " this act" and inserting "law."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend in
lino eight hundred and ninety-five, on page
4fi, by inserting "fraudulent" before "sell-
ing," and by st.riking out the words "in fraud
of said laws."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That change
will be made.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have availed myself
of the phraseology of the Senator from Ohio,
and I now offer my amendment in this shape:
Insert after lino thirty-ono hundred and thirty-
fivo of section nine: That section one hundred and
twenty-two bo amended bv adding thereto the fol-
lowing proviso: Provided, That whenever any of tho
companies mentioned in tin.- section shall bo unable
to pay the interest on their indebtedness, and shall
in fact fail to pay such interest, in such cases the tax
levied by this section shall not be paid to tho United
States until said companies resunio the payment of
interest on their indebtedness.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In line eleven hundred
and forty-one, on page 56, I move to strike out
"under this act;" and in line eleven hundred
and fifty-six, on the same page, to strike out
the same words.
_ The PRESIDING OFFICER. That correc-
tion will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 57, in line
eleven hundred and seventy-nine, I move to
strike out the words "under this act."
ThePRESlDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 58 I move to
amend m line eleven hundred and ninety-eight,
by striking out, " under this act,," and by strik-
ing out the same words in line twelve hundred
and seven.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. That amend-
ment will be made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 59, line twelve
hundred and twenty-one, 1 move to strike out
the words "under this act;" and also to strike
out the same words in line twelve hundred and
twenty-nine and in line twelve hundred and
thirty-five, on the same page.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page GO, line twelve
hundred and forty-nine, I move to strike out
the words "under this act," and in line twelve
hundred and fifty-two to strike out, the words
" within the meaning of this act."
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 01, line twelve
hundred and seventy-one, I move to strike out
the words "under this aet;" and also to strike
out the same words in line twelve hundred
and seventy-eight and line twelve hundred and
eighty-four.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 01!, line twelve
hundred and ninety, I move to strike out. the
words " under this act." and also to strike out,
tho same words in line thirteen hundred and
four.
The amendment, was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 03, line thir-
teen hundred and twenty-three, 1 move to strike
out the words " under this act," an>l also to
strike out the same words in line thirteen hun-
dred and thirty-one.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 64, lino thir-
teen hundred and forty-nine, I move to strike
out the words " under this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN". On page 05, line thir-
teen hundred and seventy-two, 1 move to strike
out the words "under this act," and also to
strike out the same words in line thirteen
hundred and eighty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 06, line thir-
teen hundred and ninety-four, I move to strike
out the words "under this aet," and also to
strikeout the same words in lines thirteen hun-
dred and ninety-eight, fourteen hundred and
four, and fourteen hundred and ten.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 67, line four-
teen hnndred and sixteen, I move to strikeout
the words "under this act;" and also to strike
out the same words in line fourteen hundred
and twenty-two and line fourteen hundred and
thirty-three ; and also to strike out, the words
"within the meaning of this act" in line four-
teen hundred and thirty-seven.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 08, line four-
teen hundred and fifty-four, I move to strike
out the words "under this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 69, line four-
teen hundred and sixty-eight, I move to strike
out the words "under this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 70, line four-
teen hundred and ninety, I move to strike out
the words " under this act," and also to strike
out the same words in line fifteen hundred and
four and line fifteen hundred and nine.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 71, line fif-
teen hundred and sixteen, I move to strike out
the words "under this act," and also to strike
out the same words in line fifteen hundred and
thirty-five.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 72, line fif-
teen hundred and forty-three, 1 move to strike
out the words " under this aet," and also to
strike out the same words in lines fifteen hun-
dred and l'orty-six, fifteen hundred and fifty,
fifteen hundred and fifty-five, and fifteen hun-
dred and sixty-two.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 73, line fif-
teen hundred and rcventv-three, I move to
strike out the words "under this act."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 74, lines fif-
teen hundred and ninety-three and fifteen hun-
dred and ninety-lour, 1 move to strike out tho
words " within the meaning of this aet;" and
also to strike out the same words in line six-
teen hundred ; and also to strike out, the words
"under this aet" in lines sixteen hundred and
five, sixteen hundred and six, and sixteen hun-
dred and thirteen.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 75, lines six-
teen hundred and eighteen and sixteen hun-
dred and nineteen, I move to strike out the
words "within the meaning of this actin
lines sixteen hundred and thirty-two and six-
teen hundred and thirty-three to strike out the
words "for tho purpose of this act;" and in
line sixteen hundred and thirty-nine to strike
out, the words " under this act."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 70, line six-
teen hundred and sixty-four, I move to strike
out the words "under this aet."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 70, line fif-
teen hundred and two, I move to strike out the
words " or persons," and in the same line to
change the word "make" to "makes," so as
to read, " any person who makes for sale pho-
tographs," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 77, lines six-
teen hundred and seventy-five and sixteen hun-
dred and seventy-six, I move to strike out the
words " anything in this aet" and to insert "any
provision of law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 88, line nine-
teen hundred and forty-one, after the word
" under," the words "the fifty-eighth section of
the act to which this is an amendment" have
been stricken out and the words "this act"
inserted, I now move to strike out the words
