1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
ever went under par. And predictions were
freely made that the paper would become aa
worthies as the old continental, when a hun-
dred dollars were freely given for a breakfast.
And still Congress tried the experiment. 1 rec-
ollect that the first speech I ever had the honor
of making in Congress was in advocacy of the
legal-tender clause of the loan bill of 18G2.
Great evils have undoubtedly come of that ac-
tion. Some of tjiem were described yesterday
by the gentleman from Illinois. But greater
evils were avoided. When the historian shall
calmly strike the balance he will say the action
of Congress was wise. For one, although no
financier. I am satisfied with it. My constit-
uency is satisfied with it. The country at large
lias given 110 evidence that it does not deem
our action praiseworthy.
Whatever may be done herSafter, it is quite
sure that the paper issued by tlie Government
and made a legal tender will always be consid-
ered one of the efficient, agencies in carrying
on the war. It is entitled to the gratitude of
the Republic for the good it has accomplished.
Nor have I anything to say in reply to the at-
tack on gold brokers and gamblers. The gentle-
man from Illinois represents a largo and thriving
city. Sucli people abound in cities. 1 pre-
sume lie knows much more about them than I
do. There are none in my district, and I know
nothing of their interests in this bill,whether for
it or against it. But this 1 do know. Tfweitttempt
to legislate either for or against the interests of
that class of people, except to tax them, Con-
gress will bo engaged in a very thriftless pur-
suit. There are as many of them interested in a
fall of gold as in a rise. One set of men bets
on a fall of gold, and of course the other set bets
on an advance. And so it goes 011 from day to
day, and hour to hour. Instead of watching
the fluctuations of the market and attempting
to adapt legislation to the interests of one class
or the other, 1 choose rather to follow the
teachings of the gentleman and legislate for my
constituents.
Sir, the problem to be solved by the bill be-
fore the Ilouse is the proper method of return-
ing most expeditiously to specie payments. True
policy—such policy as was approved by the
House by its resolution of the 18th of Decem-
ber—would lead the country back to gold and
silver by the shortest practicable road. The
Committee of Ways and Means present this bill
as their method of compassing the desired end.
It provides that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury shall have full control of the currency of
the country, and by direct inference of the mar-
ket values of every description of property.
Invested with the powers conferred by this bill
he may lessen the volume of currency when he
pleases and how. He may sell between seven
or eight hundred millions of bonds at such price
and time and 011 such terms as he will. The
money ho receives for them he may hold in
such quantities as he chooses, or he may issue
it again. If he does not get back to specie
payment speedily, it will not be fou lack of
authority.
The Secretary of State said of the Freed-
men's Bureau in his address to the people of
New York that its powers were t endered to the
President ''too hastily by atoo confiding Con-
gress. '' Those were powers over the Army for
the pacification of a large section of the Union
and the protection of the right of labor. The
power conferred by this bill is still greater 111
its way over the monetary affairs of the coun-
try. The London Times said of the able re-
poit of the Secretary of the Treasury at the
commencement of the session, that it was re-
markable for the confidence it invited Congress
to place in the Executive. This bill is drawn
in accordance with that idea.
Daring the war the Secretary was necessarily
invested with large powers, and now it is pro-
posed in the first bill presented since the return
of peace to continue the same authority.
1 do not know that, ! should object to the bill
simply 011 that account. 1 have great confi-
dence in the integrity of the Secretary and his
ability in the management of financial matters.
Whether in the whirl of political affairs he will
remain in his present position, or whether he
will be succeeded by some one whose fitness
for the place is less apparent, who can say?
He is subject to all the accidents of political
life, and they are not few. T confess 1 should
rest easier under the passage of this bill if I
had some guarantee of the Secretary's tenure
of office. Still, if tlie object to be obtained is
worth the risk, I shall not be found objecting.
How is it?
The bill proceeds upon the assumption that
it is absolutely necessary to force the contrac-
tion of the currency. But is this beyond ques-
tion? The ordinary course of business trans-
actions tends rapidly in that direction. Is it
clear that they are not suflieiently urgent and
effective? There has been nervousness in the
country at the slow progress made toward spe-
cie, and without thought people urge the con-
traction of the currency as the only remedy.
But sucli persons should consider 'that we
now have in the country as much currency au-
thorized by law as we have ever had, and still
we hare gone a long way toward resumption
of specie payments. Without by legislation
contracting the currency a single dollar we
have run gold down from 28"7 to 130. In this
we follow tko example of England, where it is
well known that specie payments were resumed,
after their long suspension during the Napole-
onic wars, without material contraction of the
currency.
The last returns of the national banks give
an increased authorized circulation. This
added to the United States currency, no part
of which has been withdrawn, gives the amount
now permitted by law as greater to-day than
ever before, and still gold is declining.
How can it bo said, when more than throe
quarters of tlie/iourney toward specie has been
made under such circumstances, that it is im-
possible to do the rest, of it?
If then it is not absolutely necessary by law
to lessen the quantity of paper afloat in order
to compass this desirable end, is it wise to
make the attempt by legal coercion? Is there
not danger that mote harm shall come to the
business interests of the country by legislative
interference than good to the currency? There
would be 110 difficulty in causing distress and
making great disturbance in the business world,
but having done that shall we have accom-
plished a good tiling? Without special legis-
lation to that end, and in the ordinary course
of Treasury receipts and disbursements, we are
approaching specie payments, perhaps rapidly
enough. Time should be reckoned an element
of reform in the currency as well as in the body-
politic, and it may be that we get on as fast in
this moderation of action as if we took more
violent measures to attain Our end. Suppose
the Secretary, acting umlerourauthorify, should
make a violent contraction of the currency,
would not the clamor of tlie mercantile world
drive him back from his purpose? And an at-
tempt made and failing would) irobably discour-
age the next, and thus we should bo thrown hack
of the starting-point. Wo see now there i's
great caution manifested in entering upon new
schemes; very much more than a year ago.
The country realizes the fact that sooner or
later we shall come to specie payments. When
that time does conic there will be a large decline
in piiccs. Business men "discount" this
knowledge. Thus, in the natural course of
trade the end approaches. Is it not probable
that in this way we shall get what we wish
sooner than by constraint and legislative coer-
cion?
The Comptroller of the Currency, ill his
report, sums up the authorized currency of
tlie country and then attempts to reckon the
amount in actual use. The two footings differ
very greatly. He savs:
" This favorable exhibit of the amount of paper in
circulation i - oy/i ,!■: 111 a rreat (Af^cree to the la'cumu-
tatiuii of etinuj^y in Ihe iuiraU of the ijaukt in ttio
ahM-m'o of t!iu fr1'1 (li'iii'MHi< ot'lho Government tor
currency since the ein.-i: of the war."
We should do well to recollect this. It states
a fact of importance. The banks hold an
abundance of" currency that is not called for.
In other words, trade knows its own needs. It
was so before the war. Legislation did not
lix the amount of circulation. There was no
difficulty in obtaining from State Legislatures
authority to issue bills. Charters could be got
anywhere for the asking. But men who dealt
in money found they needed something more
than legislative authority. They were con-
stantly brought to the test of being able to pay
the notes they put out, and this kept them ia
check. So now we still act with reference to
the laws of trade, even under suspension of
specie payments. Those laws are steadily
bringing us back to specie. The question is
whether we shall be a little patient ponding
their action. Meantime we have one fact of
some little moment to reconcile us to the pres-
ent condition of affairs: corporate debts are
being discharged in the depreciated currency in
which they were contracted. This is of conse-
quence to debtors, and I do not know but they
are entitled to some little consideration at the
hands of the Government. The Government
forced our people to contract municipal debts
to a large amount in order to comply with the
demands made upon them to assist the Repub-
lic in the time of its distress, and for one I
shall not regret if one of the consequences of
postponement^of specie payment shall bo that
by heavy municipal taxation they free them-
selves from those enforced obligations in the
depreciated currency they received. By gen-
eral consent they seem everywhere to be making
the attempt. And, notwithstanding what has
been said so positively, it may be found after
some delay that the currency of the country in
actual use is not in excess of business wants.
It may be that the business of the country
knows better than we think what are its own
needs.
I read the opinions of well-established au-
thority in finance with great interest; but the
shrewdest have been so much mistaken that
they ought not to expect public confidence
without some discount. When we entered the
war they all predicted financial ruin, but it did
not come ; and when the war closed they were
equally certain that lassitude and business stag-
nation must follow, but tliey blundered again.
These blunders of professional men give the
rest, of us a right to entertain and express our
views, or at least to hold them with some little
confidence. The worst that can happen to
us is that we shall be mistaken as others have
been.
In reckoning the absolute amount of cur-
rency needed we should bear in mind that tlie
Secretary then demonstrated in one of his re-
ports that gold was " demonetized" by congres-
sional action and should be thrown out of ac-
count. He maintained that gold and silver
should not be considered in the circulation un-
til specie payments are resumed. This neces-
sitates increased paper.
In addition to this is the enlarged volume
of trade everywhere. The agricultural pro-
ductions of the country, as a whole, are greater
than ever before. Manufactures have swol-
len beyond any previous figures. Wholly new
sources of natural wealth are developed. Pop-
ulation increases. Larger capacity of trans-
portation by water and by land is demanded.
All this requires more money.
Nor will it do to ignore the changes made
within a few years in the methods of trade.
The uncertainty of the currency, while do-
ing much injury, effected the good result of
prompter payments. Men carry their money
now in their pocket-books and pay for what
they buy. Formerly they purchased on credit,
and their credits in the shape of notes of them-
selves furnished a sort of currency of the
meanest kind. This change calls for still more
paper.
And how much currency have we now afloat?
This would seem to be a simple matter of arith-
metic. But authoritative opinions differ.
The President in the annual message says:
"Five years aso tlie hank-note circulation of tho
country amounted to not much more than two huu-
