1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3375
the committee was whether, as the Department
would pay these notes in a little more than two
years, we should furnish any present relief.
Some of the committee thought not, because
the time was so short.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a moment ?
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Cer-
tainly.
Mr. PRICE. I wish the House to pay a little
attention to this matter of dollars and cents.
In my opinion these notes are good in the
hands of the holder. Should an innocent party |
present these notes at anytime prior or subsc- '
quent to the date of their maturity, they would I
be good against the Government. Now, if the
Government establishes by the passage of this
bill the precedent of paying these notes because
they have been lost, it will subject itself to the
liability of paying them twice over, and there
will be no remedy.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Illinois. Such a pre-
cedent would ruin any Government.
Mr. PRICK. I know it is said that these par-
ties propose, by the terms of this bill, to give
security to indemnify the Government against
loss. But I need not. say to the gentlemen who
compose this House that security these days
amounts to just nothing at all; that a bond of
security to pay twelve months after date, nine
times out of ten amounts to nothing. Business
men all understand this, and none better than
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Wasii-
nuRX] who reports this bill. Again, if we
establish this precedent we are liable to have
bills presented here to pay every man, woman,
and child who may have sent or who may send
a five-dollar note or a lil'ty-dollar note through
the mail, and it is lost, and there is no reason
in the world why we should not pass all those
bills as well as this one. And it so, where will
the matter end? I hope that, for the safety of
the Government this bill will cither be with-
drawn or voted down.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts. Per-
sonally I have 110 objection to this hill being
voted down. But the gentleman from Iowa
[Mr. Piuce] is mistaken in one thing; these
notes are not a part of the circulation of the
country.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. They read
"pay the bearer.''
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. They
are not a part of the circulating medium of the
country. The Committee of Claims have de-
cided that no compensation shall be made for
the loss of any portion of the circulating me-
dium of the country. Every one of these notes
is on record, and no one can present any of
them for payment without the Government,
being aware of it.
Mr. PRICE. That is true: hnt at the same
time they are good in the. hands of the holdej,.
And they are also a part of the circulating
medium of the country ; whether so intended
or not when issued, is another question. The
fact is that they pass from hand to hand, pay-
able to bearer, and are part of the circulation
of the country.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. It is
not a question of any very great importance.
I want a vote on it, and therefore I call the
previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr.
Washburn] to withdraw his call for the pre-
vious question, and let this bjll be recommit-
ted to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts. Very
well. I have no objection to that. I withdraw
the call for the previous question, and move
that the bill be printed, and recommitted.
The motion was agreed to.
REIMBURSEMENT TO WASHINGTON CITY.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, from
the Committee of Claims, reported a bill to
pay and discharge certain debts and expendi-
tures to the corporation of the city of Wash-
ington.
The bill, which was read, proposes that the
Secretary of the Treasury be authorized to pay
to the proper authorities of the city of Wash-
ington tli« sum of $31,971 34; in full for all
claims which the city of Washington now has
against the United States, on account of mon-
eys expended in improving the streets, ave-
nues, alleys, and public grounds in the city
of Washington, and for repairing any of the
bridges crossing the Potomac river prior to
May 5, 1864; provided that before payment of
the sum appropriated the mayor of Washington
city shall present to the Commissionerof Public
Buildings an account embracing cach item of
charge which the city has against the United
States for the expenditures referred to, which
account the Commissioner shall certify to be
correct and just.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
the point of order that this bill contains an
appropriation, and must therefore be referred
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point, of order, and the bill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
WILLIAM 0. LEE.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
reported back House bill No. (521), for the ben-
efit of William G. Lee, with a recommenda-
tion that it pass.
The bill, which was read, proposes to direct
the Secretary of the Treasury to pay to William
G. Lee the sum of $28,'128 80, in full payment
of his claim against the United States on ac-
count of corn purchased by him in the depart-
ment of Kentucky as agent of the quartermas-
ter' s department, under agreement, made by him
with Captain .lolin A. Morris in 180-1, which
corn spoiled on his hands by reason of the
Government failing to furnish transportation.
Mr. WASHBURNE) of Illinois. I raise the
point, of order that this bill contains an appro-
priation, and must, under the rule, go to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar.
The SPEAKER. 'The Chair sustains the
point of order; and the bill will be referred to
the Committee of the Whole on the Private
Calendar.
Mr. McKEE. I move, then, that the rules
be suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself into the Committee of the Whole, in or-
der that we may proceed to the consideration
of this bill.
The SPEAKER. By the order of the House,
the regular business of the morning hour can-
not be interrupted by any other business.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Smith,
one of its Clerks, announced that, the Senate
had agreed to the amendments of the House to
Senate bills of the following titles:
An act (S. No. 180) for the relief of A. J.
G ray:
An act fS. No. 330) making further provis-
ion for the establishment of an armory and
arsenal of construction, deposit, and repairs
on Rock Island, in the State of Illinois;
An act (S. No. 275) for the relief of Corne-
lius Crowley ; and
An act. (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Mis. Amarilla Cook.
The message further announced that, the Sen-
ate had passed without amendment House bills
of the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 249) to establish a land
office in the Territory of Idaho; and
An act (II. R. No. 342) in amendment of an
act, to promote the progress of the nsefularts
and the acts in amendment of and in addition
thereto.
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a House bill of the following
title, with an amendment, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested :
. An act (IT. R. No. 145) granting land to
A. M. Jess, of Josephine county, Oregon.
The message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed a bill and joint resolution of the
following titles; in which the concurrence of
the House was requested:
'An act. (S. No. 285) ^ granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Kansas and Neosho Valley railroad and
its extension to Red river; and
A joint resolution (S. No. 110) to authorize
the hiring of a building or buildings for the
temporary accommodation of the Department
of State.
ARMIBTED T. M. FILLER.
Mr. McKEE, from the Committee of Claims,
submitted an adverse report upon the petition
of Armisted T. M. Filler; which was laid on
the table.
FULLER AND FISHER,
Mr. THORNTON, from the Committee of
Claims, reported a joint resolution to audit
and pay the claim of Fuller & Fisher, of llis-
souri; 'which was read a first and sccond time.
The preamble of the resolution recites that
the horses, coaches, stage property, and means
of transportation of Messrs. Owen Fuller and
Ulysses E. Fisher, mail contractors on mail
route No. 10G018, between Rolla and Spring-
field, in the State of Missouri, were impressed
into the military aervicc of the United States,
and taken possession of and used by compe-
tent military authority, by reason of which a
largo amount of their property was captured
by the enemy and lost to them.
The resolution authorizes and requires the
Secretary of the Treasury to have the claim
of Fuller & Fisher audited, and to pay them
the amount that shall be found duo for such
losses, not exceeding the sum of $12,500.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The bill
contains an appropriation, and under the rule
must be referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar. I make that
point of order.
The SPEAKER. The Chair sustains the
point of order.
The bill was referred to the Committee of the
Whole on the Private Calendar, and, with tho
accompanying report, ordered to be printed.
J. It. ISEOKLEY
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, reported a joint resolution authorizing the
Secretary of t lie Treasury to audit and pay the
claim of J. R. Beckley; which was read a first
and second time.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The joint
resolution makes an appropriation, and under
tho rule must, have its first consideration in the
Coniuiitt.ee of the Whole.
The joint resolution was referred to the
Committee of the Whole on the Private Cal-
endar; and, with the accompanying report,
ordered to be printed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Does not
the rule require :ill hills and resolutions mak-
ing appropriations to be referred by the Chair
to the Committee of the Whole?
The SPEAKER. Not unless the question
is raised. Such has been the uniform practice.
james fitzoiisbon*
Mr. THORNTON, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill ioctlie relief of James iitz-
gibbou ; which was read a first and second
time.
The hill was read in cxlenso.
Mr. THORNTON. Mr. Speaker, I will state
for the benefit of my colleague, that this is an
appropriation of some five or six hundred dol-
lars for the purpose of pajing a chaplain whose
, commission was given on the 1st ol March by
I Mr. Lincoln, and is among the papers, but by
| some mistake of the President's Piivatc Secre-
| tary the commission did not reach him until
1 the 1st, of August. It was sent, to Springfield,
Missouri, instead of Springfield, Illinois, where
ho was on duty at Camp Butler. He has been
paid only from the 1st of August, and this is to
pay liim from March to August, during which
time he was doing duty.
Tho bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
