1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
391
to the Committee on Patents and the Patent
Office.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
onPensions, to whom were referred thepetitions
of Kennedy O'Brien and John A. MeTavish. re-
ported adversely thereon ; and the report was
agreed to.
' Mr. FOOT, from the Committee on Pensions,
to-whom was referred the petition of Alton Nel-
son, praying for an increase of pension, sub-
mitted an adverse report thereon; which was
agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred
£t memorial of the faculty and students of the
medical department of Georgetown college,
in the District of Columbia, praying that the
same facilities may be furnished to the medical
colleges m the District of Columbia for procur-
ing bodies for dissection that are now furnished
by the laws of the several States, submitted an
adverse report thereon, the committee deeming
anv legislation on the subject to be inexpedient.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 4o) to prescribe the
mode of settling the accounts of the clerk of
the supreme court of the District of Columbia,
reported it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. G-i) to incorporate
the Great Falls Tee Company of "Washington,
District of Columbia.reportedit without amend-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL, from the Commit! ee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
3'J) in relation to the Court of Claims, reported
it without amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred resolutions of ihe convention of
the State of North Carolina in favor of the re-
peal of Ihe act of .1 uly 1802, requiring the
test oath therein mentioned, reported the fol-
lowing resolution:
Rrsotpcd, Thai it is inexpedient at this time to re-
peal the act of July 2, 1802, preseiibing an oath of
oilice.
The resolution lies over for consideration.
Mr. GRIMES, from the Committee on Naval
Affairs, io whom was referred a bill (S. No. 04)
to amend the act entitled "An act for ihe relief
of seamen and others borne on the books of
vessels wrecked or lost in the naval service,"
approved July 4, 1804. and for other purpo-.es,
reported it with .amendments.
lie also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred petitions of the otlieers of the
United Stales steamers Key West, Tawah. and
Elfin, and of t he officer- of the iron-clad steamer
Patapseo, playing remuneration for losses sus-
tained by them in the destruction of those ves-
sels, asked to be discharged from their further
consideration : which was agreed to.
Mr HARRIS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred ihe
bill (S. No. 86) quieting doubts in relation to
the validity of certain locations of lands in the
State of Missouri, made by virtue of certificates
issued under the act of Congress of February
17,181-j, reported it without amendment.
BILL?INTRODUCED.
Mr. "WILSON asked, and by unanimous eon-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a joint reso-
lution (S. R. No. 24) proposing an amendment
to the Constitution of the United States; which
was read twice by its title, and ordered to be
printed. The proposed amendment is as fol-
lows :
Article —. No paymentshal) ever he made by the
United States or any State for or on account of the
emancipation of any slave or slaves, or for or on
account of any debt contracted or incurved in aid of
rebellion against the national Government.
SOUTHERN CONFISCATION.
Mr. DIXON submitted the following resolu-
tion 5 which was considered by unanimous eon-
sent. and agreed to:
Revolved, That the Committee on the Judiciary he
instructed to inquire what legislation is necessary for
the protection of loyal citizcns of the United States
whoso propcrtv.real or personal, has been confiscated j i
"by the >o-<Ml]^d coidedejut o government, and for the !j
restoration oi £u<-h i>roi>eity to the loyal ovviieio j!
thereof, anil tnat they repoiL by \-i\] or otherwise. I,
ASSOOiATKO PilCSS RETORTS. \\
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I rise to say j!
a few words upon a question of privilege. Yes- j
| terday morning f had the honor to be the me- 1
tlium of presentation to the Senate of a memo- j
rial from a very large and popular convention j
of miners held at the capital of the Stale of Cal- !
ifornia relating to the disposition of the mineral
lands. I find in the report of the Associated
Press this morning of the proceedings of the
Senate yesterday, that it is staled thai I pre-
sented a memorial from the Legislature of Ihe
Slate of California. I desire 1o correct that ji
statement. 11, will al^o be remembered by the ■!
Senate that some remarks were made on the j'
subject by the honorable Senator from Ohio I;
[Mr. Siiermax] and myself. The substance of j;
what was stated by the honorable Senator from /
Ohio is clearly reported in the Associated Press f
reports, but no word in behalf of the mernori- !|
aiists is reported as spoken by myseif. A° a !
mailer of course, so tar as this subject can find jj
its way to mv constituents who are distant from
this place, it w ill appear that they had no voice ; j
in their behalf on the presentation of their re-
quests to this body.
Mr. President, 1 would not call the attention
of the Senate to thL mailer, or delay it in ils
legitimate proceedings this morning for this
particular case, nor for what is involved in it
personal to my .-elf, were it not that I am con-
vinced that it lias become a public duty to do
so. 1 state further to the Senate, that a week
since, or thereabouts, i presented two memo-
rials of interest to the citizens of the State of ji
California.whom [inpartreprosonthore, which j!
were studiously suppressed by the reporters of |;
the Associated Press in the gallery of the Sen- \[
ale, not. a word being said in regard to [hem,
Two days since 1 had the honor of presenting ii
two bills in this body, one for the construction j
of a railroad fiom ihe waters of tin■ bay oi" Sail j.
Francisco lo Humboldt hay. in the northern ;;
part of the Staieoi California, a subject of eon- j:
«iderable consequence there if not here : and !
the other, a measure of great consequence to \\
the people of San Francisco, proposing toquiet ||
the title to lands in that city, which were also
suppressed, j am now entering upon the sec-
ond year of sen ice in this body, and since I
have been a member of the Senate, all or nearly
all of tlm business that 1 have attempted to do
for (he people who so generously s<mi nie here
Iio ^ been regularly suppressed by the reporters
oftlie A^oehilod Pres^.
I would not make this stntement so emphat-
ically but that it has come fo my knowledge
that one of these reporters not only treats in
this manner me, and all the business which I
do here, and thus myconstitiicntsthroucrh me,
but lie has also made if. a business to avail him-
self of his place, as a correspondent of a Cin-
cinnati journal, to make attacks, personal and
vituperative, on myself, certainly without cause
j or provocation, evidently for tin1 purpose of re- !j
, publication in the Slate of California. |
; ll has also couie to my knowledge that 3 am j'
! not the only Senator whom that reporter em- !
| ployed by the Associated Piess has undertaken
! to determine the v/ri'fs of in this body, the
| highest legi darivc body in the iviiioo. If the
i Senate of ihe United States, or the Senators
j composing t hi -j august body, are not entitled
I to have a fair transcript of their proceedings !j
| sent out t o the people at large, then, sir, i must
| say, for one, that their rights and privileges j,
! are very limited indeed. j!
! When I state in addition that this reporter, i;
who has made himself so obnoxious in this re- ;■
gard m the performance of a public duty, is an jj
employe of the Senate, and. as i understand. •;
paid from the Treasury of the United States, ];
performing the duties of a committee clerk in I
addition to those of reporter for the Associated
Pre-s. 1 believe I also state a fact of some ira- |j
purtunce to the body and to the conntiy. jl
I make these statements at this time particu- !'
larly, not only in my own behalf, but in behalf of
the position of a Senator, and in behalf of other
Senators also, so that the honorable chairman
of the Committee on the Library, to whom the
subject of thesynoptical reports that shall go out
from this body to the country has been referred,
and who have it under consideration, may devise
some remedy, if possible. 1 have been aware for
a long time that outside parties have had access,
not certainly with the knowledge of the respect-,
able association called the Associated Press,
and known as such, but with parties connected
with it. by which these suppi e,ssions were regu-
larly and systematically can ied on. I desire to
direct the attention of the Senate and the country
to this subject, without any hope, howc\or, that
v.-hat I say, or even the sub stance of it, will be
sent out by the reporter of whom I have spoken,
but with the hope ihat the attention of the Sen-
ale may be directed to the subject, so that such
a synopsis of the proceedings of this body shall
<ro out to ihe country as will be a true reflex of
its public proceedings.
Mr. DAVIS. I ask leave to say a single
word upon the subject that has been referred to
by the honorable Senator from California. I
am sorry that he has deigned to notice any such
matter. Ever since I have been a member of
the Senate, the filthy vermin that crawl over the
abolition sheets have been burrowing in the
committee-rooms of the Semite, and receiving
pay and subsistence from the Treasury of the
United States. Their principal business is to
send out their libels upon Senators. They dp
very little work. A single industrious man might
perforin the labor of half a dozen of them in
the .committee-rooms and as clerks of the com-
mittees. I do not pay any attention to these
effusions. 1 do not read them. I have not time
to express my contempt and my indifference for
the libelous writers and for their writings, and
1 am verv sorry that the honorable Senator from
California deigned to pay them the least atten-
tion.
Mr. McDOUOALL. I mkdit claim the right
lo make the f-ame question of pri\ ilege that ray
< ollemrue lias made, and I might have antedated
the occasion for it. ll seems, however, that the
newspapers do not adirm of him anything that
he has not done. The tact that they omit saying
what ho ha^ done will leave him in a better con-
dition than most of his compeers upon ibis floor.
[Laughter.] I. along time since, then being a
member of this body, learned through the news-
papers, upon excellent authority, at an early
period of this war. that I had gone in a steamer
from Cairo down to Columbus, then in posses-
sion of the enemy, and that, 1 had there met a
certain benjamin b\ Cheatham, a ge'ieral of the
confederate army, and that I had gone with him
a- hore to Columbus, and had remained there
some ten days, and had exposed lo him the
whole policy of General Grant, then occupying
a position at Cairo, our advanced front toward
the Southwest. All this was very carefully
stated on "very good authority,in a loading
press in a paH ot the country from which my
colleague and myself come. It was simply say-
ing something of me that did not happen. I had
the honor to escort an elegant lady down there
on the tlag-of-truce boat, and met in the middle
of the, stream the vessel from the other side on
which she v.a nt South. This was tho foundation
for the s-iory. If the newspapers do not say any-
thing al"out me that i; not true, they may forget
me forever. When ignorance is bliss, it is some-
•Un-v s folly to be wi.^o.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not know that I otmht
to say anything in regard to this mat!or: and
probably I should not do «o but for the fact that
the reporter referred to is clerk to a committee
of which I am a member, lie was a clerk a
long time before he was employed by the Asso-
ciated Press to send their dispatches as to the
proeoedmgs of this body. I regret myself his
employment as a reporter of the Associated
Press : but, like most of the clerks of commit
lees, he had the leisure, tin* opportunity, the
time, and the ability to make reports for the
Associated Press. lie was employed for that
purpose. There was nothing inconsistent in
