1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
393
insignificant in its operations or in its dimen-
sions. was now admissible.
I know the chairman of the Committee on the
Judiciary to be a good and astute constitutional
lawyer. Probably no one in this Senate Cham-
ber is his master in all the considerations that
hem in and circle about and illuminate the face
ofthat great instrument. I know, too, that when
he undertakes to legislate* the property of a cit-
izen into the possession of a stranger, he goes
without the authority ofthe Constitution, beyond
the grant made to the Federal Government by
the people of the United States, whether, as in
the original bill, it is proposed to give sim-
ply what is called a possessionary right, or
whether, as in the amendment, it be a posses-
sion for two years. I took occasion to remark
yesterday, whether the Senator heard it or not,
that the term possessionary title is known to our
laws. All the aboriginal titles as recognized by
us are possessory titles. We recognize even the
wild Indians as having a possessory title before
we make a treaty with them, and we do not
take possession of their lands until we have
treaties with them, and then the titles they hold
under us afterward are possessory titles. All
the northwestern Indians had possessory titles,
and the titles of the Indians of New York are
possessionary titles. What is a possessionary
title? It is a right to remain on and occupy the
soil without being invested with the fee simple.
It is now proposed that Congress shall giant
a two-years' possessionary title. That is, in
substance, a warrant 011 the part of the Federal
Government that these persons, having no right
to the soil as against those who have the right,
may maintain the possession for two years, or
until Congress shall further legislate. From
whence docs Congress derive this power? Do
we understand, or do we not, that our powers
are derivative; that we have no original power?
The people of the United States conceded to
this Federal Government certain powers which
it may exercise within the limits of the conces-
sion, and not beyond it; and nowhere in the
Constitution is there a word that confers upon
the Federal Government, or upon any branch
of it, legislative, executive, or judicial, the power
to authorize A, be he white or be he black, to
occupy the possession or the right of B. We
ought not now, when we should be calm, when
we may be expected to judge wisely, to do any-
thing to impinge upon the patent by which we
hold our place here, and by which this Gov-
ernment stands—the patent from the people of
the Republic.
But what does this amount to practically ?
The Senator from Illinois will admit that the
Government has not this power, unless he says
we have the power to override the Constitution
and go beyond our charter. You may say that
we ought to protect these persons: hut how?
General Sherman was altogether right; his or-
der was altogether right. He was in military
possession. It was in time of war. He had
these people in charge ; it was his military duty
t,o sec that they were taken care of; he gave
them a temporary home. They were covered
by his power as long as the law of arms pre-
vailed.
Does the law of arms prevail now throughout
the South ? Does grim-visaged war still con-
tinue to present his wrinkled front throughout
one half of our Confederacy? I am told offi-
cially, for I have been a caieful inquirer, that
peace l'figns throughout the South. That there
are instances of individual wrong is not to be
doubted. Ever since the first blood was shed
by the son of our groat parent wrong has been
rife throughout the world. That there maybe
an Almighty God, there has to lie challenged
from the abyss an evil spirit which sometimes
prevails : but when necessity demands it, from
the great throne he is made to obey the great
governing law of order instituted and main-
tained by the Master supreme. We must, our-
selves recognize such governing considerations.
We must hesitate before we depart from the law
which with us is as organic and which we are
as much bound to obey as we are those com-
pelling forccs, the great laws of nature, those
laws that hurl the spheres and to which the sun
itself is obedient.
I have said that it is time that we come back
and examine exactly what our powers are and
our rights. We have exerted power; we have
driven the Indian from his possessory rights.
New England drove the Narragansetts and the
Pequods, and South and North Carolina drove
the Creeks and the Cherokees. All the rem-
nants of the Indian tribes now mostly live
beyond the great river of the West. That has
been done by the right of,power. We have
never recognized any particular right in the
people of the race of Logan and Red Jacket
andTecumseh, chiefs, warriors, and conquerors
of as great a race as is now being dignified by
the eloquence of the Senator from Massachu-
setts and his associates. While wo dispossessed
them, and told them to go west, and go west
again toward the setting sun, we admitted no
title in them, because when they declined to
sign the treaties they were driven by force. It
is proposed now b}' the terms of this law to
clothe parties in possession with a possessory
right for two years more. And how? By a
person appointed for the purpose, not belong-
ing to the judiciary of the United States, not
known to our Constitution, not known to our
previous system—a person named by the Ex-
ecutive, who is to maintain his authority and
power, not by a marshal, not by a sheriff with
a posse, but to maintain his authority by armed
force. That is to say, we are to have a judi-
ciary independent of the law, with an army to
support it, and with power to hold and keep
properly that may be claimed in the courts of
the United Stat,es, and maybe there adjudged to
a citizen ofthe United States as being his right,
and that right may be withheld by the voice of
one of these appointees, not known to our sys-
tem, and against the posse which by the rules
of the common law could be called to the aid
of any person holding a judicial office to carry
out his judgments. The proposition, then, is
to provide a military force to meet and contend
with the civil power of the Government. This
may be a simple thing apparently; we have
been in the habit in the Senate ol' looking at
such large propositions that this may seem
trifling; but let me say that it is in many re-
spects a bold invasion of fundamental law. It
is the organization of a judiciary to be main-
tained against, the common judiciary of the
country, by armed force. It is a provision for
maintaininga standing army throughout a great
part of the United State-;, in aid of persons
who shall pronounce civil judgments, and to
maintain them against the judgments of the
courts known to the Constitution, and known
to long-established lav/, It may be wise to do
these things, but they did not belong to the wis-
dom of our fathers, and I do not think any
great revelation has come from on high and
breathed the truths of such proceedings into
the mind or heart of the persons who project
these propositions.
We, in my judgment, do not need this bill.
The people of mixed blood or of African de-
scent in the South are free as far as the law can
I pronounce them free. The provision of the
j constitutional amendment, now a part of the
! instrument, authorizes Congress to pass any
law in aid of its terms. What would lie a law
i in aid of it,? A just and proper law in aid of
; it would be a law declaring that no State legis-
j lation or legislation of Congress should be
! effective to deprive any person, regardless of
i color, of his right, to life, liberty, and the pur-
suit and enjoyment of happiness; that entry
j person shall be free, and that he shall be pro-
tected, if you please.
| The Senator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wil-
j son] told us a day or two ago what freedom
! meant; and he said it meant protection. Ay.
j sir, it does mean protection. Under all Gov-
i ernments that are free, freedom is perfect pio-
tection in life, liberty, and the enjoyment and
pursuit, of happiness. Have we not by our Con-
stitution piosided that these persons shall be
, free, and have the right to enjoy liberty and
I happiness; and have we not the power to pass
a law that no disabling act heretofore enacted
shall be executed or operate in any State of thia
Unron? Certainly. Whatresults? The negro
of the South has the same privilege that I have
to go to work and earn his living, to do it by
his wit or do it by his hands. Thousands of
white boys in the North with difficulty get cloth-
ing enough to warm them in the hyperborean
regions. Many of them have hardly sufficient
covering to protect them properly on their way
to the country school; and they have to fight
their way in the world. Millions have to fight
and have fought their way in this country ; and
cannot the negro do it? Many people come to
our shores from foreign lands with simply the
means to deliver themselves at our ports. Do
we take care of them? Not at all. Ifthenegro,
being made free, cannot take care of himself,
how long shall we be his guardians, and take
more care of him than we do of the poor boys
of our own race and people? And then—I beg
to throw this in by way of parenthesis—although
they are not able to take care of themselves, and
we have got to throw a protecting shield over
them, and make a special set of courts for thorn,
and maintain a standing army for their protec-
tion, they arc to be regarded as altogether quali-
fied to vote as to who shall administer the Gov-
ernment from which they claim most abject
protection.
The bill has another cardinal vice, and as I
am on the floor I may as well state it now. It
is a vice which belongs to our Republic, and
the Itepublic will at some time be overthrown
if this vice be not eradicated. It was said by
the wisest philosopher of France, as I think, of
the present age, in discussing the sociology of
all systems of Government from the family up
to great nations, that the vice of republics was
their tendency to increase offices. An office
must bo made for every man who is smart
enough to be valuable to some other person
who has got power, and for every office there
are fifty aspirants. The people of a repub-
lican Government, from their childhood up to
mature years, arc thinking, some '' Can I notbe
a constable?'' some "Caul not be an alder-
man?'' others," Canlnotbealawycr?" or " Can
I not bo a judge?" others, " Can 1 not be a Gov-
ernor?" and the most aspiring, "Can I notbe
President of the United States?" The atten-
tion of the people in a republican form of gov-
ernment is all the time directed to ascending
by virtue of office instead of by cultivation
achieving those results that truly elevate hu-
manity. That force has been at work in this
Republic until it, has demoralized it; and never
has it been more actively at work than it has
been for the last five years.
Our city of Washington is filled with officials
who have new duties to perform; offices had
to be made for them. As has been said a
hundred times here, you may go to any of the
Departments in this city, with perhaps a single
exception dining the late war, and walk through
during business hours, and you will not find
one clerk in five who has any business to do
cxcept smoke a cigar and enjoy conversation
with his friends. I do not know the experience
of others, but 1 know that I learned to work
from early in the morning until sometimes late
at night. In my younger days it was my duty
to do so, and 1 did it. I worked three times as
long as any of these clerks do. Unless there be
some special exceptions, they are not called upon
for more than a few short hours of daily service
here, and during those hours most of them have
not work to do. What is true of them is true
of the officers of the country generally. You
can hardly find a State where there are not
twenty judicial districts, each supporting a
judge, a district attorney, and all the retinue of
officers to administer justice. I have seen the
time when a single judge would dispatch the
business of a circuit as large as six or seven of
the modern districts. The same thing is true
in regard to other officers, not only in the Fed-
eral and State governments, but it has extended
to the counties and cities and towns. This bill
proposes to make a large mass of new offices,
ana how long are they to continue? Until the
