1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
appreciated by the people among whom he
resided and to whom he was best known.
They deeply feel his loss, which has occurred
at a period when he was in the highest vigor
of his intellect, and when from his experience
he was calculated to become more and more
useful to the public and to attain a higher and
nobler destiny for himself. lie was debarred
in consequence of long-continued ill health,
although his abilities were of a high order, from
taking a very prominent part in congressional
business. His honesty and integrity were of the
highest order; he was a high-toned gentle-
man, affable and courteous to all with whom he
came in contact, and commanded the respect
not only of those with whom he agreed in polit-
ical opinions, but also of those with whom he
differed.
Finally, in all the relations of life, as a hus-
band, father, Christian, citizen, and legislator,
he has left an example worthy of imitation,
and no man in the community in which he was
known will go to his final rest more respected.
Mr. WASHBURNE. oflllinois. Mr. Speaker,
I first made the acquaintance of Hon. James
Humpiiuey at the opening of the Thirty-Sixth
Congress, in the month of December, 1859.
That Congress has become historic, not only
from the protracted and turbulent struggle for
the election of a Speaker, but from the other
fact that so many of its members, with treason
on their lips and in their hearts, left our Halls
with insult and defiance to wage war upon a
Government they had sworn to protect and
defend. Mr. Humphrey's first, election was
to the Thirty-Sixth Congress. Though a new
member, he was placed upon one of the foremost
committees of the House, the Committee on
Foreign Affairs. This committee- was com-
posed of men well known in the history of the
country, and four of whom have so soon passed
awav. That distinguished statesman and ora-
tor of Ohio, the late Thomas Corwin, was the
chairman. Mr. Bnrlingame, our present min-
ister to China, and Mr. Joy Morris, our pres-
ent minister resident at Constantinople, were
members of the committee. Barksdale, of
Mississippi, and Branch, of North Carolina,
afterward rebel generals, who fell on the field
of battle fighting against their country, were
members. Mr. I'orcher Miles, of South Caro-
lina, late one of the most prominent members
of the rebel congress, was on the committee,
apdwhose career has been in marked contrast
to another member of it, lion. Joshua Hill,
of Georgia, who, with courageous patriotism,
kept his honor and, faithful among the faith-
less, remained (rue to his country and his flag.
Mr. Royce, of Vermont, an able man and a
worthy son of the Green Mountain State, com-
pleted the number of members that made up
that distinguished committee.
At the opening of the second session of the
Congress he was appointed the member from
the State of New York on the celebrated com-
mittee of thirty-three, being one from each
State on the " perilous condition of the coun-
try." Ilis appointment on a committee of so
much importance to represent the Umpire
State was a well-merited compliment to his
high character, his firmness, and his patriot-
ism. Ilis speech during that session on the
state of the country is well remembered by all
of the old members of the House as an effort
of remarkable power and eloquence, and it at
once placed him in the front rank of the able
men of the House.
Retiring to private life at the close of the
Thirty-Sixth Congress, Mr. Humphrey was in
the fall of 1864 elected to the present Congress,
and it was my good fortune to be associated
with him on the Committee on Commerce of
this House. He brought to the discharge of
his duties on that committee great intelligence
and ability and a thorough practical knowledge
of the commercial questions coming before us.
As the session wore on it became painfully evi-
dent to his associates on the committee that an
insidious and treacherous disease had marked
Mm for its victim, though he kept unimpaired
39th Cong. 1st Sibs.—No. 212.
the vigor of his intellect, his cheerful disposi-
tion, and his kind temper. While his health
was such as to inspire the gravest apprehen-
sions on the part of his friends, I did not an-
ticipate that he was in any immediate danger,
and hence during my recent absence from the
House I learned with surprise and grief of his
sudden death.
My acquaintance with Mr. Humphrey led
me to esteem him most highly. He was a man
of the purest and most exemplary character.
Of his beautiful and blameless private life his
colleagues have fitly spoken. To a cultivated
intellect and scholarly attainments he united
the manners and deportment of a most pol-
ished gentleman. As a lawyer, he was able,
upright, and conscientious ; as a legislator, he
was intelligent, incorruptible, and vigilant; and
his patriotism and love of country challenged
the respect of all loyal hearts. Recognizing
his genuine virtues, his great qualities of mind
and heart, his services to his country and his
State, I am glad to have this opportunity to
pay a humble tribute to the memory of a jj;ood
citizcn, a faithful public servant, and an hon-
est man.
Mr. DAVIS. I have known my colleague,
Mr. Speaker, for nearly thirty years, or since
the time of his connection with the eminent
law firm of Butler, Barney & Humphrey, of the
city of New York. [ knew his father. Ilis
father and my own were warm personal friends.
I felt, from the time of my acquaintance with
the son, an attachment which may have been
warmer, perhaps, in consequence of the friend-
ship which existed between my father and his.
Ilis father, Rev. Dr. Humphrey, was a man of
eminent intellectual ability and culture, and it,
might have been expected that the son should
inherit flic qualities w hicli that father possessed,
and trained under such a father should exhibit
in life that degree of culture which lie was capa-
ble of inspiring.
But it will be my purpose to speak of Mr.
IIuispHEUY in respect to the traits of character
bv which ho was distinguished and for which
he was beloved l-ather than of the incidents of
his life.
As might be anticipated from the peculiar ad-
vantages of education to which 1 have alluded,
our departed friend, gifted by nature with fine in-
tellectual abilities, was remarkable not only for
classic attainment but for refined literary fasle.
His acquaintance with the languages, with the
productions of poets, philosophers, and writers
on varied subjects, was so accurate that he was
often referred to as the arbiter for the settle-
ment of questions of authorship. I am confi-
dent, that had his life been devoted to literature
rather than to law, he would have taken high
rank in a department where failure is far more
frequent than success.
In giving expression to this opinion, I am
by 110 means insensible to his conceded ment,
in the legal profession. 11c possessed many
of the qualifications essential to a legal ad
viser and practitioner. First and foremost he
was proverbially an honest man, desirous of
knowing the right, and then of doing it. He
believed that law was instituted iu the interests
of justice, and that those who were practitioners
at its bar were bound, so far as human infirmity
would permit, to prevent its perversion to the
purposes of oppression or wrong. He regarded
the law as a wise agency for the enforcement
of rights and the redress of injuries, and while
he felt it to be a duty to guard carefully and
well the just rights of his client, he discarded in
toto that miserable fallacy which has too often
brought reproach upon the profession, that a
lawyer was bound to do ever) thing for a client
which the technicalities of the law might per-
mit; but was guided by the nobler and higher
principle that his relations to his client bound
him to no act and no service which, in his own
behalf, he might not perform without dishonor or
self-reproach. With this sentiment controlling
his professional career from its opening to its
close, giving color to his counsels as wall as
direction to his action, it may reasonably as well
as truthfully be supposed that Mr. Humphrey
enjoyed the highest personal respect and con-
fidence of those who were his patrons.
Butthcir confidencercposed notonthisground
alone. He brought to his professional engage-
ments a rare degree of plain, practical common
sense, a power of discriminating between the
true and the false, between the plausible only
and that which was both plausible and practi-
cal, between the interests of- his clients and
their prejudices, between that which was tech-
nically legal, and that which was morally wrong.
And beyond this, lie gave to the cases with which
he was intrusted a patient and careful investiga-
tion, applying to the decision of the questions
involved the acumen of a sound judgment and
a knowledge of legal principles derived from
severe studies, continued from early life to the
period when failing health required the aban-
donment of professional labor. There is no pro-
fession in which frankness, kindness, a manly
bearing, and a courteous deportment contribute
more toward success than the profession of the
law. The angry collisions of advocates before
a jury or of counsel at the bar may be pastime
for an audience, but they advance in no de-
gree the dignity of a profession, the interests
of clients, or the ends of justice.
Mr. Humphrey, so far as I may speak of him
from professional intercourse or from profes-
sional reputation, always avoided these con-
troversies, and by his calmness and equanimity
often gained for his client what another might
have lost by indiscretion and passion. It will
be needless for me to speak here of the attract-
ive modesty which characterized our friend.
It was ever present in his professional efforts,
in his social intercourse, and iu his public life ;
and while this quality denied his associates here
of the benefit of his counsels publicly expressed,
it doubtless added force to the words lie uttered
in personal intercourse with his friends.
It was my privilege to know Mr. Humpuuey
for many years, not intimately, hut sufficiently
well to speak of him m terms of the deepest
personal respect and regard, and I may add
that the most favorable impressions created by
our intercourse have been confirmed by the
concurrent sentiments of all who knew him.
lie was a good man. He was a Christian.
Life to him was no unmeaning term. Its high
purpose was ever before him. God inspired
it, not to be spent iu idleness, not to be passed
in thoughtless pleasure, not that it might be
devoted to selfish gains, or to inordinate ambi-
tion. He gave us life that wc might perform
its duties to Him who gave it, and to, those
around us, who with us share its blessings and
its trials, and to ourselves that we might by the
appropriate use of its privileges be prepared for
a still nobler existence.
Mr. IIuMi'liitErwas not, in the popular sense,
an advocate. He seldom, when it could be
avoided, engaged in the trial of jury causes, or
in theargmnent of cases iu bench. But when-
ever he spoke, his efforts were characterized
by clearness of thought, by great judgment in
the arrangement of his argument, by research
in the precedents of the courts, and by eminent
fairness and truthfulness in the statement of
his facts. His forte was that rather of a judi-
cious and wise counselor, whose opinions, pre-
pared and given in the privacy of his counsel
chamber, were almost invariably found re-
liable.
Our friend lived with the knowledge of life's
purposes. No absorbing avarice cursed his
gains of hon est accumulation; 110 heartless self-
ishness bade him forget that the poor and de-
pendent had claims upon his bounty ; no pam-
pered pride taught him to thank God that he
was better than other men; but recognizing, in
humility, his dependence for all things on the
great Giver of all good, he sought to minister
to the wants of those around him, to aid the
oppressed, to comfort the mourner, to bind
up the broken heart, to promote peace, ordei.,
and virtue ; and by his own example'to toaels
|q others that duty'pe'rformed meets reward in
this life, and inspires hope and confidence in
the life to come. My colleague, who has so
