1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2417
the levy court of the county of Washington,
in the District of Columbia;
A bill (H. R. No. 214) forthe benefit of Col-
onel R. E. Bryant;
A bill (H. R. No. 238)to amend an act enti-
tled ''An act relating to habeas corpus and reg-
ulating judicial proceedings in certain cases,"
approved March 0. 18G3 ;
A bill (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of R.
L. B. Clarke;
A bill (H. R. No. 473) to extend the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) for the
relief of Rev. Harrison Heermance, late chap-
lain of the one hundred and twenty-eighth
regiment New Yorl: volunteers.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate '
bill No 109, relating to the Sioux City branch
of the Pacific railroad.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is hardly worthwhile
to take that bill up. At one o'clock there is a
special order, and it is now one minute to one
o'clock.
Mr. HOWARD. What is the special order?
Mr. SHERMAN. The motion to reconsider
the amendment to the Post Office appropria-
tion bill, and it ought to be disposed of. I do
not think it will take long to dispose of it.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well; I withdraw my
motion.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Friday.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move that the unfinished
' business and all prior orders be postponed, and
that the Senate now proceed to the considera-
tion of the Post Office appropriation bill. The
unfinished business, I believe, is the railroad
bill.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
resumed the consideration of the bill (H. R.
No. 280) making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department daring the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 1867, and for
other purposes, the pending question being on
the. motion of Mr. Polaxd to reconsider the
vote by which the Senate adopted the following
amendment offered by Mr. Trumbull:
And be it further enacted. That no person exercising
orperformin^orundertnking to exerciscorperfoim,
the duties of any office which by law is required to
be filled by the advice and consent of the Seriate
shall, before confirmation by the Senate, receive any
salary or compensation for his services unless such
person be commissioned by the President to fill up
a vacancy which has happened during the recess of
the Senate, and since its last adjournment, bydeath,
resignation, expiration of term, or removal foi acts
done or omitted in violation of the dutios of his
office; the cause, in case of removal, to be reported
to the Senate at its next session. ;
Mr? POLAND. I voted for the amendment
to this bill, and for the bill itself, with great
hesitation, and with the design, if I could not
become better satisfied with it, to move to have
it reconsidered. Subsequent reflection satis-
fied me that the amendment ought not to be
adopted, and I therefore made the motion to
reconsider.
The amendment proposed by the Senator
from Illinois to this bill is very general and
comprehensive in its terms, and denies any
payment of salary or compensation to officers
appointed by the President before confirmation
by the Senate, unless appointed to fill vacan-
cies happening during the recess of the Sen-
ate by death, resignation, expiration of term,
or removal for official misconduct.
It is said that one oT the mischiefs which
this amendment is designed to prevent is the
filling of vacancies which exist while the Sen-
ate is in session, and where there is an oppor-
tunity to submit nominations for their aavice
and consent, and this is omitted, or the nomi-
na'tion is rejected by the Senate, and the same
person reappointed after the Senate adjourns.
If the amendment went no further than this I
could very cheerfully support it, for the lan-
ftiage of the Constitution is clear that the
'resident's power of appointment without
the advice and consent of the Senate is con-
39th Cong. 1st Suss.—No. 152.
fined to vacancies that happen during the
rccess of the Senate.
But the amendment has a scope and mean-
ing far beyond this. The power of the Presi-
dent to fill all vacancies that happen during the
recess of the Senate is not denied. But this
amendment declares that unless the vacancies
happen in a particular way, the person ap-
pointed shall receive no salary or compensation
until confirmed by the Senate.
I have not examined or considered whether
the exceptions cover every possible occasion
of vacancy which can occur, except removals
for other reasons than for misconduct or mal-
feasance in office.
This is the class of cases which the amend-
ment is designed to reach, and I think its dis-
tinguished mover will not deny that the main
object and purpose of the amendment is to
declare that if the President makes removals
from office for mere political reasons, and thus
causes vacancies during the recess of the Sen-
ate, the persons he appoints to fill them shall
receive no payment for their services in office
until confirmed by the Senate. In such cases
the real question is not on the power of the
President to fill a vacancy, but as to his power
to thus make a vacancy. This brings up tho
old question of the power of the President to
remove from office persons to whose original
appointment the advice and consent of the
Senate was necessary.
The Senator from Missouri, [Mr. IIexdei;-
son,] with his usual straightforwardness and
frankness, boldly avows that in his judgment
the President's power of removal in such cases
is commensurate only with his power of ap-
pointment; and that, the consent of the Senate
is as necessary to the removal as to the appoint-
ment. The able and learned argument of the
Senator went far toward convincing me that if
the question could now be considered an open
one, that was the true construction of the Con-
stitution.
The Senator from Maine [Mr. Fessexbex]
declared his willingness to support the amend-
ment, except for the clause requiring the cause
of removal to be reported to the Senate ; but
he admitted the power of the President under
the Constitution to make removals without (he
consentof the Senate. In urging the necessity
of the amendment, however, he dwelt wholly
upon the abuse of the appointing power, by
making appointments after the adjournment
of the Senate, which might have been made
and submitted to the Senate while in session.
I should be doing that Senator great injustice
to suppose that he did not fully understand
that the matter aimed at was altogether a dif-
ferent and broader one. Other Senators have
fought shy upon this question, and have argued
in favor of the amendment, not exactly deny-
ing the power of removal, but under protesta-
tion, as a special pleader would say, that they
do not admit it. They have said, conceding
that he has the power of removal, we have the
power to say whether his new appointees shall
receive the salaries and compensations pro-
vided by law for those holding the offices. So
we have the power to refuse any appropriations
t,o pay the salary of the President, or to carry
on any and every department of the Govern-
ment, and thus destroy it. Although we may
have such power, it is one which can only be
justified in use in the last resort, to prevent
usurpation or the destruction of the liberties
of the people.
But if wc believe that the President has not
the legal and constitutional power of removal,
why not say so directly? If we are prepared
to adopt the doctrine of the Senator from Mis-
souri, why not do it in as open and manly a way
as ho declares it ? After a uniform exercise of
the power by every Administration since the
formation of the Constitution, to some extent,
although for a considerable time doubted and
questioned, and after at least thirty years .of
undoubted and unquestioned use, by a sweep-
ing change of political appointments, with every
political change of administration, and by both
political parties, if we design now to declare a
different rule, and change the whole action of
the Government in this respect, does it behoove
us to do it in the indirect, and sinister way this
amendment proposes?
I have asked if that was the design, to deny
to the President the power to remove, why not
declare_ so, and make the needful and proper
legislation on the subject, and I have been told
that we could not pass such a law. Why not,
let me ask? It must be, I suppose, because a
majority of this body, or of both Houses, do
not believe in the principle. If that be so. is
it exactly open and honest dealing to undertake
to bolster up this amendment by affecting to
believe the President transeends'his power by
making such removals and new appointments?
I must be allowed to say that it is a mode of
accomplishing a purpose that does not com-
mend itself to me.
But notwithstanding the argument in sup-
port of the amendment has been mainly that
such political changes were beyond the legal
and constitutional power of the President, the
amendment upon its (ace concedes it, and pro-
vides that those appointed to fill vacancies
caused by removals for misconduct in office
shall be excepted from flu-, prohibition of pay-
ment It cannot be said that he has the power
of removal for one cause, and has not for
another. If by the Constitution he has the
powerof removal at all, of necessity he must be
the solo and exclusive judge of the cause and
necessity of removal. The validity or legality
of the appointment of the officer appointed to
fill such a vacancy could not be inquired into by
going back to inquire for what cause his prede-
cessor was removed. In the exhaustive dis-
cussions which this subject received from the
eminent statesmen of the early days of the Gov-
ernment, it was never suggested but that the
President was the only judge of the cause of
removal, if he possessed the power in any case.
This amendment virtually broaches a wholly
new doctrine. It concedes the power of re-
moval by the President, but assumes that we
may go back behind that, and inquire into the
reasons, for the purpose of determining whether
the new appointee shall have pay. It is cer-
tainly an anomaly that a man may legally fill
and perform the duties of an olliec, but his
right, to compensation shall depend upon the
reasons, that influenced the appointing power
in making the appointment.
The last contest on this subject of the Presi-
dent's power of removal was during President
Jackson's administration, and the great Whig
leaders of that day made a powerful effort to
bringthe Governmentbackto what they claimed
was the true construction of the Constitution,
and deny the President the power of removal.
But they did not succeed, and all parties have
acted without question since upon the other
theory. But it seems not to have occurred to
those eminent statesmen that though the Pres-
ident could legally remove officers and fill their
places with other persons, that they could make
it a barren honor by depriving the holders of
all compensation. It has been reserved for this
financial generation to discover this new mode
of curing either a defect in the Constitution or
a wrongful interpretation of it. To me, the
idea is strange and monstrous that a man who
legally holds an office, and properly performs
its duties, should not be paid because the rea-
sons for his appointment were politically unsat-
isfactory. I believe such a position to be
wholly indefensible ; wrong in principle ; one
upon which no party can stand. In offering
the motion to reconsider the vote passing this
bill, I happened to say that such a doctrine
seemed to me to be almost revolutionary. I
have since learned that a radical Unionist has
no right to use that word, that it belongs
wholly to persons and papers of opposite polit-
ical proclivities. I therefore take leave to
withdraw the word.
What is the real purpose and object of this
amendment? I suppose we may as well speak
of things as they exist and as we all know them
to be, as to pretend to be thinking and talking
of something else.
