1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
145t
Mr. PETCE. Jlr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Pennsylvania is too good a lawyer not to
know that it requires occasionally, at long in-
tervals, an exception to _prove the rule. He
has given the exception; it proves the rule that
there are few men who ask that these notes be
redeemed, for the reason that legal-tender notes
are admitted on all hands to be as good paper
money as we can have.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The reason they are not
presented is because the people know they will
not be paid while gold is at a premium.
Mr. PRICE. My friend knows they are made
payable in other notes.
I should like to have time to answer all the
questions which may be put to me. I have only
a few minutes, and I have some figures I wish
to put, upon rccord.
I only need to refer to the price-current of
New York to prove that the six per cent, gold-
bearing bonds are only one per cent, above
"greenbacks.''
It. would certainly, then, be very bad policy to
fund these notes, and thus make ourselves liable
to pay $27,000,000 per annum for what we are
now getting, and can continue to get, honestly
for nothing. In this connection, Mr. Speaker,
I wish to call the attention of the House to a
fact, well known to all bankers, which is, that
we may safely calculate that at least five per
cent, of this $450,000,000 will never come back
for redemption, on account of being worn out,
lost, and destroyed in various ways, thereby
saving to the Government $22,500,000 in addi-
tion to 827,000,000 annum.
The six per cent, bonds of 1881, and the five-
twenties and ten-forties need no change, The
seven-thirties are fundable by the terms of their
issue, or if not, power should be given for that
purpose, leaving only the compound-interest
notes to be provided for by law, which I think
the Secretary of the Treasury should have power
to do. My judgment in this matter, sir, is that
we ought to allow as little legislative tinkering
with the law regulating our financial matters as
possible, studying the most rigid economy in all
our expenses and applying the excess of receipts
over expenditures each year to paying off and
canceling an amount of indebtedness equal to
such excess. By this means we shall at once
be enabled to enter upon a reduction of taxes
and a reduction of indebtedness, bringing the
nation every month and every day, by safe and
easy approaches, nearer to a permanent resump-
tion of specie payments.
Mr. Speaker, the ideas which I have at-
tempted to embody in these few remarks are
so plain as to require no elaboration.
The great lesson, sir, which we as a nation
need to learn, is more dependence upon our-
selves and less upon other nations. Self-reli-
ance is the great secret of success, in nations
as well as individuals. When we shall have
learned to appropriate the proceeds of our own
labor, we shall be richer and more independent
than ever before. When we shall have brought
the spindle and the loom closer to the con-
sumer of manufactured articles, we shall have
done much for the toiling millions. When we
shall have freed ourselves from the absurd idea
and practice of sending our cotton three thou-
sand miles to lind a spindle .and a loom, with
a hope that we may be able to send a barrel of
flour after it to feed the spinner and the weaver,
and in the operation taxing the labor which
produced botli the cotton and the wheat to pay
freights and charges; I say, sir, when we shall
have abandoned these absurd practices we will
have lifted a burden from the shoulders of
hard-handed labor which cannot be done in
any other way.
A speedy return to specie payments is what
every true friend of the Government must work
for; but the idea of immediate resumption is
Utopian in tho extreme. No sane man stand-
ing upon the top of Bunker Hill -monument
would think of descending by a leap to tho
ground, but would choose the more rational
and prudent course of coming down step by
step.
39th Coisra. 1st Sess.—No. 92.
In tho opinion of some men all of our finan-
cial ills are to be cured by immediate resump-
tion of specie payments, and all our political
evils by an immediate admission of the States
recently in rebellion. No man, Mr. Speaker,
desires more earnestly and sincerely than I do
the accomijlishment of these objects. Butniy
judgment compels me to believe that it is the
part of wisdom to "make haste slowly" in
both cases.
Let the work rather be slow and permanent
than hasty and insecure.
Let both be laid upon foundations so broad
and so deep that no financial or political earth-
quake can ever move them.
Now, sir, I will reply to the argument made
yesterday by the gentleman from Illinois, [Mr.
Wextwortii. ] 1 am only sorry he is not here.
If there are any gentlemen here who hold the
same view 1 will say it for their benefit. Ho
compared the "greenbacks'' of this country
to the assignats-of France. T wanted to ask
then, and I will do so now, whether there is
any parallel between the two kinds of currency ;
whether he does not know, as well as he knows
of his own existence, that the French assignats
had no foundation for their redemption com-
pared with ours?
When a man who claims to be an American
citizen, in the Halls of Congress or anywhere
else, undertakes to compare the currency of
this country, which is as good as was ever is-
sued by any bank of the United States, with
the rotten system of assignats in Franco, I
assert that lie is lacking in one of two things,
namely, either a want of proper information
011 the subject or a want of a disposition to do
justice to the currency of the country. And
these, sir, are as mild terms as I can possibly
use in reference to it.
Mr. GARFIELD. I would ask the gentle-
man, when bespeaks of theassignats of Franco,
whether lie is aware that ihey were founded 011
the most reliable properly in (lie realm, namely,
real estate that was believed by everybody to
be worth fully the sum of £80,000,000 sterling.
Mr. PRICE. T said as compared with ours
that was a rotten basis. And the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] is too well versed
in the history of that matter not to know that
what hecalls tho security of .€80,000,000 based
upon the most reliable resources of the coun-
try was confiscated property of the church. Is
4hat, sir, to be compared with the seeurityupon
which our legal tenders is based—the hard-
handed labor, the integrity, the wealth, and
the resources of this whole Republic, where
every man, woman, and child is bound for the
payment of the debt to the extent of their hist
dollar and last day's labor, and to which may
•ISe added our vast agricultural and mineral re-
sources? And will the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. GarkieM)] stand hero and make such a
comparison as that to go forth to (he world ?
Sir, I had hoped that the day had gone by
when a gentleman would stand up before the
A merican people and make such a comparison.
The reason why the system of assignats was
rotten was because the foundation for their te-
deniption was insufficient and insecure. But
will any man on this floor dare to say that the
foundation of the security for our legal tenders
and Treasury notes is insecure and insufficient?
No man with an American heart in In- bosom
dare make use of any such language in this Hall.
No one will say it unless he belongs to that class
who during the last four years of the nation's
trial has by unfair means and unjust compari-
sons tried to depreciate our currency and thus
embarrass our operations.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I want to
ask the gentleman a question. Ho says that
when a man is in such a financial condition that
he cannot meet his payments he asks for an
extension of time, and that the Government is
now precisely in that position—that it wants an
extension of time. Is ow, I desire to know what
there is in this bill beyond that—a mere exten-
sion of time. It does not authorize any in-
crease of debt. It does not authorize money
to be borrowed. It merely authorizes the bonds,
at longtime, to be issued in place of those that
arc immediately or soon to be redeemed.
Mr. PRICE. I11 tho first place, I did not say
we wanted an extension of time. I said that
if a man was in that condition he would ask
for an extension of time. But to answer that
in a sentence, I have only to say that tho gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] him-
self told me yesterday that the receipts of this
Government were every day more than its ex-
penditures, and a man in that condition does
not want an extension of time. A man who is
receiving more than ho pays out is in a sound
andhealthy financial condition. When this Gov-
ernment comes to tho condition that it has a
debt to pay without any means upon which to
draw to pay it, then I will admit that we must
have an extension of time. But the country is
not in that condition, and [want that living fact
to go to the country. We are in a sound and
healthy financial condition, with an income ex-
ceeding our expenses and a credit never before
equaled by any nation 011 the globe when just
emerging from a gigantic and wasting war.
Mr. ALLISON. Mr. Speaker, I do not pro-
pose to occupy the lime of the House long in
the discussion of this measure. It seems to
111c that thus far tho arguments against this bill
have been, in the main, arguments in favor of
or against the particular policy that should be
pursued by the Secretary of the Treasury in its
administration. Now, unfortunately for us, we
cannot all be Secretaries of the Treasury. It
is for us to make the law and to give the Secre-
tary of (lie Treasury the power to administer it
in accordance with the discretion placed in his
hands ; and the only question, it seems to me,
(hat is proper for discussion is what discretion
should be conferred upon the Secretary of tho
Treasury.
Now, sir, we all agree (hat it would be well
to reduce; the price of gold. We all agree that
sooner or later this great nation of ours must
come back to spccic payment: that sooner or
later, as a nation and as individuals, wo must
pay our debts in coin that is current all over
the world. Therefore the only question that
seems to have attracted the attention of gen-
tlemen here is, when shall that time come?
Shall it be to-day, to-morrow, or two or livo
years hence ?
Now, 1 assert that it is a question that must
devolve upon the Secretary of the "Treasury,
controlled and directed by the inevitable laws
of trade and finance (hat cannot be controlled
one way or the other by legislation,.
Now. what does this bill propose? Is it a
proposition to come back to specie payments
at a particular period of time, or to postpone
specie payment until a particular period of
time? It is neither. 1 maintain that, (hero
are but two things authorized in this bill which
the Secretary cannot do now under the author-
ity of the several acts of Congress. The 0110
is that he is enabled directly to sell the bonds
of tho United States upon such terms as is
within his own discretion for United States
notes or legal-tender eurieucy; and the other
I is (hat he may sell those bonds for a, sum less
[ than par. That gives him a discretion which
! he has not now directly, bat which he has indi-
j reetly under the existing law.
I Gentlemen seem to bo very much exercised
I lest, the Secretary of the Treasury should with-
draw the " greenback'' circulation of the coun-
try. I assert here that under the existing law
the Secretary of (he Treasury has the power to
withdraw from circulation every dollar oi the
greenback circulation in existence. He has that
power already by existing law. Byr the act of
June 30, 1864, the Secretary is authorized to
convert Treasury notes and United States notes
into the kind of bonds authorized by that, law,
to wit, bonds paj-able not Jess than five years
nor more than forty years iive-1^ eiities 01 ten-
forties. He has the power to convert that class
of securities into long bonds, by first convert-
ing them into either seven-thirty Treasury notes
orcompourid-inlcrest notes ; lie can do cither.
