1458
THE C0 N(xRESSIOJSfA:L GLOBE.
March 16;
And tlien, by the act of March 3, 1805, which
is supplementary to that act. he can convert
those seven-thirty notes and those compound-
interest notes into bonds, either five-twenties
or ten-forties, at his discretion; so that every
dollar of the greenback circulation of the coun-
try can be converted, sooner or later, into long
bonds without any additional legislation.
Now, sir, the proposition of the committee
is that the Secretary of the Treasury shall be
authorized to do dircctly that which he can now
do indirectly under the act of June 30, 1864,
and under the act of March 3, 1865; because,
under the latter act, he can convert, with the
consent of the holders, any species of indebt-
edness existing under any act of Congress into
gold-interest-bearing bonds. Under the act of
dune 30, 1864, he can convert United States
notes into Treasury notes bearing interest, and
can convert any inteiest-bearing notes into long
bonds, at his discretion.
Now, a majority of the committee think that
it is desirable to give the Secretary of the Treas-
ury directly that authority which he has indi-
rectly, to so convert this indebtedness into long
bonds. My friend and colleague [Mr. Price]
says that if we have a debt maturing we should
pay it with our current receipts. That would
bo all very well if we had the power to do it;
but we must remember that within the next
three years there will be due nearly twelve
hundred million dollars of this indebtedness.
Now, that indebtedness must be provided for
within two years and eight months, I believe.
A prudent man would not wait until his debts
matured before providing for their payment,
if possible. He will by some means endeavor
to secure the necessary means to meet those
obligations before they mature.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 would ask my col-
league [Mr. Ai.i.isox] whether the Secretary
of the Treasury has not been engaged already
in funding se\en-thirty notes in gold-bearing
bonds under existina law?
Mr. ALLISON". Undoubtedly; by the last
monthly statement 1 see that he has funded
§ll!,000,000 of seven-thirty notes into long
bonds, live-twenties 1 presume; at least it is so
stated.in the newspapers. Of course he has had
power to convert seven-thirty interest-bearing
Treasury notes into long bonds, provided, how-
ever, thai, the consent of the holder is always
obtained to that conversion. In other words,
if 1 hold a seven-thirty interest-bearing note, I
can go to the Secretary of the Treasury and
convert, it into a live-twenty bond, but if 1 do
not. desire that conversion, the Secretary of the
Treasury has not the power to sell live-twenty
bonds in order to procure monev to pay me for
the seven-thirty bond which I hold.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. 1 would also ask
my colleague whet her the Secretary of'the Trcas-
uary cannot under existing law sell his five-
twenty bonds for compound-interest notes, and
then reissue compound-interest notes for the
purpose of paying off the seven-thirty interest-
bearing notes?
Mr. ALLI SON. The Secretary of the T reas-
uary, as a matter of course, can receive com-
pound-intei est notes in pa} ment, of long bonds,
and under the existing law he can reissue com-
pound-interest notes. But, that may not be
desirable; it may be desirable that he should
have some power conferred upon him by which
he can sell his long bonds directly for green-
lack currency with which to pay offseven-thirty
md eompound-interest-bearing notes, both of
which 1 believe it desirable to pay oil'at the
3arliest possible moment.
Now. sir, the compound-interest notes and
the temporary loan which my colleague [Mr.
Price] says will cost us nothing, I regard as
the most obnoxious loan now in existence; T
regard that loan as the most expensive loan
which we now Lave; and for the reason that
it, now amounts to £119.000,000, and the Sec-
retary of the Treasury is compelled to keep
in his vaults a large amount of money l'or its
redemption. He has to-day in the Treasury
of the United States the sum of §23,000,000,
and perhaps more, of greenbacks, for tho ex-
press purpose of paying this temporary loan as
it maybe presented. And besides, the way in
which this temporary loan is managed, is,Ithink,
obnoxious and injurious to the public interest.
How is it managed? By giving the New York
association of banks $25,000,000, the Boston
association of banks $10,000,000, and the Phil-
adelphia association of banks $5,000,000 or
$10,000,000 more, which sums are payable
upon the presentation of the certificates. The
Secretary of the Treasury is therefore compelled
to keep constantly on hand a large amount of
greenbacks in order to pay this temporary loan
whenever presented. And he will always be
compelled to pay that temporary loan at the
very time when it ought not to be paid; that is,
when there is a scarcity of currency in the coun-
try. Thus he is paying a large interest for a loan
that is of little practical value, to the Treasury.
Now, sir, as I have said, I know of no power
that is directly given by this bill, except the
power to sell those bonds at less than par should
such a necessity arise. For one, I am not in
favor of permitting the evidences of the indebt-
edness oftlie United States to be sold for less than
par. I believe that since the beginning of this
war we have not at any time sold our evidences
of indebtedness for less than par in notes of
the United States. But it may be for the ac-
commodation of tho bankers and brokers, who
seem to mo to be the terror of my friend from Illi-
nois, [Mr. Wextwortii,] thatthose bonds should
be reduced a little below par. If that should
be done, will any one say that the wheels of
this Government would be stopped, because for
a time we were compelled to sell United States
bonds for less than par? Sir, the inevitable
interests of the banks and capitalists of this
country holding these securities, will have a
tendency to keep them at par. The national
banks alone hold $500,000,000 of them. Now,
the very moment the Secretary,of the Treasury
issues any of his bonds at less than par, that
moment the other bonds of the United States
will be reduced to the price for which he sells
his. Therefore it is that I believe the inevi-
table laws of trade and finance will keep these
bonds at par.
One single remark further in reference to
this greenback circulation. The Secretary of
the 'Treasury does not, in his annual report,
propose an immediate return to specie pay-
ments. 1 believe that the state of the country
is now much more satisfactory than he believed
it to be when that report was written, because
at. that time prices were ruling high, and gold
was at a premium of forty-seven per cent.,
while the premium is now but thirty per cent.
—a reduction of seventeen per cent. But the
Secretary of tho Treasury, in his report, states
that the reduction of the greenbacks or United
States notes by $100,000,000 will probably
secure what wo all desire, the resumption of
specie payments.
Now, sir, my friend from Illinois, [Mr.
Wentworth,] my colleague upon the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, has great anxiety
with reference to a class of men in this country,
who, ho apprehends, are seeking to destroy the
public credit. I have no such fears. I believe
that the interests of the moneyed men of this
country are all upon the side of keeping our
securities at par. And I believe that it is to
our interest as a people, as a nation, to keep
as many of these securities as possible within
our own country, so that the interest and the
principal may finally be distributed among our
own citizens. Therefore it is that I am desirous
that the clause with reference to the dispositions
of these bonds abroad shall be stricken out.
It is true that the Secretary of the Treasury
may under existing law and by this bill, if he
believes that it will be good policy, negotiate a
loan abroad. He may negotiate a loan outside
of the United States; but the interest and prin-
cipal must be payable in the United States. I
can see but very little difference, whether the
Secretary of the Treasury authorizes an agent
to sell these bonds abroad, or whether he per-
mits New York bankers and foreign agents to
purchase them and send them abroad.
But this bill limits the power of the Secretary
to increase the national debt under existing law;
he can if he chooses increase the public debt to
a large amount, and the people are anxious to
know where that limit shall be; and this bill
proposes that there shall be no further increase,
which is an important limitation upon existing
power vested in him.
Mr. Speaker, I yield the remainder of my
time to my colleague on the committee, the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Conklixg.]
Mr. CONKLING. I yield to the gentleman
from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bol-twell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, there are
two facts connected with our financial experi-
ence which have not, so far as I have ob-
served, been noticed, and which seem to me
to contain all that is necessary for the solution
of our difficulties.
I am free to say that, if I were to follow in
this matter the dictates of my own judgment,
I should not incline to any legislation further
than to remove from the mind of the Secretary
of the Treasury the doubt which he entertains
with reference to the authority conferred upon
him by the last clause of the act of March 3,
1865, by which he is authorized to convert out-
standing interest-bearing obligations into new
interest-bearing bonds. I would, by law, so
construe that language as to allow him to sell
new bonds and with the proceeds redeem the
outstanding interest-bearing obligations such
as compound-interest Treasury notes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. With the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Massachusetts I
desire to make a single inquiry.
I understand that the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has been engaged for some time in con-
verting the outstanding interest-bearing in-
debtedness of the United States of various
kinds into long bonds bearing gold interest.
Does the gentleman desire to be understood
as saying that the Secretary of the Treasury
doubts his power to do that which he has been
doing for months and is still doing'?
Mr. BO UTWELL. I am not able to speak
from authority, and what I have heard may not
be authentic. But I have heard that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury had converted fifty mil-
lions, and after that conversion doubts arose
in his mind. For myself, I think that the
course which he pursued is entirely justified
by the law, and that he would be justified in
proceeding further in the same course. But
if any doubt exists in his mind or in the mind
of any other intelligent person, I think it
proper that such doubt should be removed by
legislation. But, inasmuch as the Committee
of Ways and Means have thought proper to
report a bill which goes further, I am for my-
self content, to try the experiment, thinking it
to be an experiment, of converting the interest-
bearing obligations of the country into long
bonds; but 1 am not disposed to go further.
The first fact is that while there has been no
reduction in the amount of the currency, the
circulating medium of the country, since the
close of active hostilities there has been a con-
siderable diminution in the market price of
gold.
The second fact which I think worthy of ob-
servation is this, that the merchandise of the
country—by that I mean the portable property
of the country—is to-day in gold worth more
than the same articles of merchandise were in
1859 and 1860. The suspension of specie pay-
ments seems to me to result from one of two,
or by the combination of two causes, a panic,
or a panic followed by a decrease in the con-
vertible property of the country. That is a
process of industrial exhaustion which finally
results in a disproportion in the material, port-
able wealth in one country as compared with
the portable convertible wealth of other coun-
tries.
It is worthy of consideration, after the Na-
poleonic war, although Great Britain persist-
ently, by legislation, attempted to effect a rss-
