THE CONGRESSIONAL- GLOBE.
January'*24,
States which have been in rebellion are recog-
nized. How recognized? Recognized they
have been by the President. They have their
States organized; they have their Senators and
njetnbers of Congress elected ; their credentials
have been presented here under the seals of
their respective States, as well authenticated as
ever were certificates brought into the Senate
Chamber; but yet they are not allowed to en-
ter upon this floor, they are not allowed to enter
upon the floor of the House of Representatives;
they are not recognised by us. 1 11 their absen ee,
it is said, we must legislate about them, al-
though we deny them entrance here.
And what does the Senator from Massachu-
setts, [Mr. Sumner?] He made a speech at the
lastsession-to stave off the question of the rec-
ognition of Senators who then presented them-
selves from Louisiana. He avowed that he was
making a'stave-off fight; 1 hat they should not
be allowed to come in here: that the question
should not be settled. This is a stave-off' fight
now, not that, they do not come here with the
muniments of right, as much so as he ever
brought to the Senate Chamber; butit will not
dci to let them in; we must legislate i'or them
in their absence, they having a right to be here ;
and the question is now practically whether
there is a majority of the Federal Senate that
will maintain this war or not to l'oree action in
the absence of those who have a right to be
here. but. who are excluded that conclusions
may be reached suiting the special interests of
New England, or, if you please, the interests
of Massachusetts—110. 1 will not say that, but
the ideas of one of the represent alive men of
Massachusetts who occupies a place upon this j
floor. j
It,is, T say. proscription, and proscription of j
the wbrst kind. I never can Hi ink of it with- '
out carrying my mind back to the time when
men who fled from the tyranny of Furope made
themselves tyrants at home. 1 cannot, reflect
on it without thinking of that old man who said
"'thee'' and 'Mhou,'' who came to the neigh-
borhood of Plymouth rock for lelhge and was
compelled to fly. Ay, sir, the fathers of the
'' liberal'' gentlemen from that part of the world
would not allow him to stay in the, wigwam of
the Indian, and drove him out in the pitiless
winter day to find his way to more friendly
tribes beyond the strength of Massachusetts,
and take shelter with the Indians of Khode Isl-
and. That same love of domination which is
peculiar to (he race, exists here; and now six
States, with twelve Senators, representing 110
greater population than some one of ourStates,
undertake, while they have their hour of power,
to enjoy it most luxuriously.
I have not much objection to that., because
power may make drunk, and it has inebriated
some of 1he greatest, and wisest men of the
world, and 1 think that, under the influence of
the power they have possessed, and which they
arc exerting now in this very proposition, they
are reeling in their saddles : and let me tell them
that thai party wliieh fliey eh,11 aeteri/e as then
ancient, adversary yet lives and is a potter, and
will be, as long as thought is free and men
have the privilege of action. That party which
believes that the Federal Government is a eon-
cession by the people of the United Stales, with
powers limited by the concession: that party
which believes that the State governments are
clothed with all sovereign power except that
which has been given to the Federal Govern-
ment, and cxeept so far as they are restricted
by their State constitutions, ami that beyond
and above them all the people arc sovereign,
for they made the States, and with the same
sovereign will that they made this Republic,
and each in its sphere is equally supreme : the
party which maintains that the difference be-
tween the charter of the Federal Government,
and that of the State governments is, that the
State constitutions are limitations of power, be-
cause in the State governments the people are
supposed to act most directly; the party that
maintains that distinction and adheres to the
Constitution and the laws as laid down and es-
tablished fundamentally is a party that will live.
And, sir, it is a party that recognizes the p&rty
of the age. Gentlemen here who have discussed
this question seem to think that all progress has
been centralized in the question of the condi-
tion of servitude in the South. How does it
happen that the Democratic party of the North
ever had any relation to the majority of the
South? For this reason: bccause the Demo-
cratic party of the North held to the doctrinc of
free trade. The Democratic party to-day hold the
same doctrine. They do not believe that New
England with her ihanufactories should over-
whelm the Republic, that every interest besides
hers should lie taxed to maintain her. They
believe in the large policy which has been de-
veloped by modern European and American
civilization, which has been taught by all great
writers, and preached by all great thinkers for
the last half century. The Democratic party
will maintain that doctrine; they have always
done so, and therefore they were akin to the
South: and for 110 other reason. It was be-
cause they always opposed the excessive taxa-
tion which was thought necessary to make mil-
lionaires of all New England. New England
has to-day one half of.the moneyed wealth of
the Union, I grant,. How has it come about?
It lias taxed every bushel of corn and every
pound of wheat and every product of labor,
East, West, North, and South, for tlic purpose
of sustaining a particular policy special to New
England. The South thought it detrimental to
themselves- the West thought it detrimental to
themselves; and 1 know it is detrimental to the
coast to which 1 belong, for we pay an immense
taxation, for the privilege of being governed,
to the manufacturers of i\ew England, and they
have become so prosperous that enterprise can-
not compete with them in other parts of the
country. Enterprise in California cannot com-
pete w it h them, because they have been built
up with such colossal strength by the legisla-
tion of the Federal Government. The Dem-
ocratic party which represents the cardinal
democratic principles does live, has its ancient
\itabty, and will once again occupy it s dominant
place upon this floor. Do not tliiuk they an;
dead if for awhile they sleep.
The I'RESlDENT •pru tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 concurring in the amendment to the
fifth section.
Mr. I >A VIS. i suhnii: led an amendment t o
strike out, flint section, and I now propose to
say a few words in support of my amendment.
It has been my habit from (lie time 1 have been
a member ot the Senate to oppose e\cry meas-
ure and e\ cry proposition thai I deemed to be
an infraction of the Constitution or an aggres-
sion upon the liberties of the people. I intend
t.oporse\ere in that course: 1 intend to do if
persistently, stubbornly; and there is 110 con-
sideration whafeverthaf will induce lueto pause
or to relax a solitary instant in that line of duly
according (0 m\ judgment anil discs etion. In
conformity to that principle of duty 1 now pro-
ceed to make some lemaiks m .-uppoil of the
amendment which I ha\e offered.
Mi. President, if, is a great problem whether
there is not national as w< 11 as indUidiutliusan-
itv. 1 believe that there is such a thing as na-
tional insanity: but when insanity seizes upon
a nation it is not in the form of general insanity; 1
it, is only monomania. 1 am perfectly satisfied ]
that, flint form of insanity has seized upon this j
nation, that if rests in the two Houses of Con-
gress, that ii, droops over the Senate with fatal
mischief to the nation and to the people. Upon
that proposition Ihaveno doubt, because I can- j
not conceive upon any other principle how the ■
legislation of Congress, and how the legislation ,
of the Senate, should lie in such utter disregard
of the Constitution of the United States and of j
the liberties and the prosperity of the people 1
of America. I
Mr. President, there are good lawyers in this '
body, and among the v cry best, ii the honorable :
Senator from Man land, [Mr. ,1011 \so\. j if not •
the very ablest in the nation. This degree of j
insanity has reached him, even: and if it is of j
such a nature that, it can approach the State of j
Maryland and enchain upon the seat of reason 1
the lofty inf ellect and the profound legal learn-
ing of the honorable Senator from Mar) land,
what is to be expected in relation to the lesser
lights here that claim to be jurists, and especially
those from that region of the United States that
is so flagrantly infected by this insanity ? Now,
I will propound to my honorable friend, the
Senatorfrom Maryland, one ortwo propositions,
and I will ask him to debate with himself
whether they are not irrefutably true. The first
is, that our Constitution creates a Government
of limited powers. The second is, that every
power not, conferred by the Constitution upon
the United States is reserved to the people or
the Slates respectively. From these two prop-
ositions 1 know he will not and cannot dissent.
I now proceed to propound another proposi-
tion. and this is the principal one: in the con-
struction of instruments of writing, of the law,
and of the Constitution, a universal principle
which is uei or to be departed from is, that where
there is positive prohibition of power or a posi-
tive creation of right by the language of the in-
strument, that right and that prohibition of
power can never be subverted by any implied
authoi iiy. 1 hold that that piineiple is as im-
movable as the eternal hills , that it has recciv cd
the recognition of all the couits of England and,,
of America, that where an instrument of writing,
be if in the form of a contract or a constitution,
contains a clause in positive language, that
clause cannot be subverted or restricted in its
operation by any implied power. Apply that'
principle of universal construction to flu1 ques-
tion under consideration, and what does it
amount, to? In the Constitution of the United
States we find the plainest and most positive
guarantees of the rights of properly ; we find it
asserted in the plainest and most positive lan-
guage, that 110 man shall be deprived of life,
liberty, or property, except by due process of
law. and that 110 man's property shall be taken
for public use except upon just, compensation
being made. Now, 1 ask my honorable friend
from Illinois, if these are not rights positively
guarantied by the plain letter of the Constitu-
tion to every citizen, and I ask him, then, whether
any power or any right arising by mere impli-
cation can have flic effect of subverting the right
secured by ibis positive language of the Consti-
tution.
Sir, 1 say that such positive powers are not
to be overturned and subverted by implication, ,
ami that, the Supreme Court of flu1 United
Stales, in the groat case of McCulloch 1 x. Mary-
land, and in many other cases, has sustained
that principle. Further, sir, I assort that there
is not a respectable State court in America that
docs not sustain it as a general principle, in the
construction of all instruments, that a positive,
express power cannot be changed or subverted
orall'octed by an implied poM el'.
1 ha\c shown, by adverting to (he clauses of
the Constitution, that there is thomoi-t express
and explicit guar.nuoe of a right of properh in
that instrument to the oil .'.en. Now, ls;nlhat
ihe mi asure under eonsulei ation in the clause
which I have mo, ed to slnkc out impoi t,-. noth-
ing more nor les.lhan an infringement andlotal
deregord in relation to the subject under con-
sideration of those provisions of the Constitu-
tion which geyrantj the right of property. My
principle, then, would bethat (ieneral Sherman,
eien while war 11ns pending and he was in the
field and occupying a portion of the country as
a conqueror, would have no right to raise by
implication a military power that would at all
conflict "nith; much Ics subvert, for the time,
these positive guarantee.- of our Constitution,
of the lights of property in the citizen.
Hut, ilr. President, 1 do not at present think
proper to insist upon the principle to that ex-
tent. I waive it in relation to its application
to a time of war. 1 now assume that the coun-
try is at peace; the President has said so in his
communications here. We all know the fact-
It is as palpable as night and daylight at their
respective hours in the twenty-four. It is a
proposition that nothing but passion or selfish-
ness or villainy in some form will ever contro-
vert. It cannot bo controverted. You might
