1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2419
or a conservative, or a Johnson man. I have
seen in a leading Republican paper a notice of
my motion to reconsider the vote by which this
bill was passed, in which it was said that I had
adopted the language of the copperhead press,
and the Senator from Kentucky, [Mr. Davis.]
My ideas on this subject may be odd and old
fashioned, I admit, but they are such as have
always obtained in Vermont.
Mr. President, I do not know anybody who
can sustain such accusations with less danger
of injury to themselves than Vermont and her
representatives. Vermont has always upheld
freedom and law. The doctrines of equal
rights and equality before the law have been
there maintained since the days of Ethan Al-
len. Her legislation, her officers, and her
courts have ever faithfully fulfilled her will
in sustaining liberty and freedom according to
the Constitution and laws. When the war of
the rebellion came upon the nation no State in
the Union contributed her proportion of men
more promptly than Vermont.
Her sons showed their patriotism and cour-
age on many abloodyfield,with equal credit at
least to those of any other State. She paid as
heavy a legacy of death, in proportion to her
numbers, as any other. She bore her share in
putting down the rebellion most cheerfully, and
she did it to preserve a Government of consti-
tutional law. She does not desire to have her
representatives here aid in frittering away
what has cost us so dearly to maintain. She
desires her representatives to stand firmly for
her principles and their principles, but to make
their fight clearly within the pale of constitu-
tional law.
The two great measures of this session of
Congress which elicited the difference of views
between Congress and the President were the
Freedmen's Bureau and civil rights bills. I
assisted in the preparation and perfecting of
both those great measures in committee. I
voted for both on their original passage in the
Senate, and voted for the passage of both not-
withstanding the President's veto. I voted for
thejointresolution declaring that no State which
had been in rebellion was entitled to represen-
tation or to share in the Government of the
nation until both Houses of Congress should
agree thereto. 1 think I may safely claim to
be ranked as a supporter of the policy of Con-
gress. It might in reference to these measures
be said of me as a political wag said of a lead-
ing Anti-Mason in my State in the days of the
rule of that party, " that he was such a  
fool that he believed in his party principles."
I feel a firm and abiding confidence in the
soundness of our position, and of being able to
maintain it before the people. Our party pro-
fesses to be based upon something higher and
nobler than mere temporary political expedi-
ency, and to stand upon the great doctrines of
liberty and justice. Tt seems to me especially
important that our practice should correspond
with our professions; and that we should not
undertake the acts of mere political adventur-
ers. In this if anywhere lies our danger. An
open and manly stand upon our principles,
disdaining all political quackery, relying upon
the intelligence and patriotism of the people,
will carry us safely through to ultimate victory.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, much
has been said by the Senator from Vermont lo
which 1 shall have no occasion to allude, as I
am not in a position, nor about to assume a
position, that makes it necessary for me to go
over my political record in order to satisfy my
friends at home, in the Senate, or elsewhere,
that what I am about to do is not a departure
from my previous course. I regret \ery much
that in discussing this question the Senator
from Vermont, in a prepared and written
speech, should have reflected upon the majority
of the Senate as he has felt at liberty to do.
I regret, sir, that a Senator with whom it has
usually been my pleasure to act, should have
risen in his place and denounced a measure
voted for by a majority of the Senate, by nearly
all his political friends, and which he himself
had once voted for, as political quackery, as
an indirect and sinister way of legislating, and
as an attempt to do something in a way which
is not open and honest. Does the Senator
from Vermont mean to impute to a majority
of this body dishonesty in its action, that it is
governed by sinister considerations, that it does
not act openly and fairly? I will not suffer
myself to be betrayed, Mr. President, into such
a reply to these remarks as I think they would
warrant. In a body where we are equals, where
the motives of members are not to be assailed,
and where one is presumed to be as honest as
another, I have never indulged in any remarks
claiming for myselfgreater honesty than others;
nor have I imputed to others sinister designs
or dishonest motives.
The proposition under consideration has
received but a small part of the Senator's at-
tention. He has denounced it as monstrous;
he has spoken of it as a resort to a doubtful
and desperate measure, as one upon which no
party can stand; and he has said that he is dis-
posed to make the fight within the pale of the
Constitution. Does he mean by that that
anybody here is disposed to make a fight with-
out the pale of the Constitution? Why, sir, I
think the majority of the Senate who voted for
this measure have as much respect for the
Constitution as the Senator from Vermont,
and as little inclination to resort to any sin-
ister or dishonest mode of legislation to carry
out their objects.
What, sir, is this amendment? And it is to
that that I design to confine my remarks, and
not to go into the history of the war, to recount
the gallant deeds of the sons of Vermont or
of any other State. Sir, the heroic boys who
went from all the States into the Army to put
down this rebellion did their duty, those from
Vermont as well as from elsewhere; and, sir,
our legislation here should be shaped to secure
the fruits of the victories which their valor
achieved; and we should not permit by our
legislation the fruits of the victories which they
won at such great sacrifices to be lost to the
country and to posterity?
The pending proposition is simply this: that
persons unconstitutionally in office shall not
be paid. The Senator admits that he would
have no objection to that portion of the amend-
ment which provides that if the President shall
undertake to fill a vacancy which existed when
the Senate was in session, after the Senate has
adjourned, the person with whom he fills that
vacancy should not be paid; so that to do so
much is not dishonest nor a resort to a desperate
measure. He is willing lo relWe pay to an ap-
pointee in that case; he makes no objection lo
the provision on this appropriation bill; and
what does he object to? He objects to the
refusal to pay a salary to a person who obtains
his position by a removal without cause, and
who is put into office for the purpose of break-
ing down the Union parly of the country and
turning the Government over into the hands
of the men who have been fighting for five
years to destroy it. He tells us that the peo-
ple of Vermont, of whose gallant sons he has
spoken, and to the bravery of whose people he
has paid a just tribute, are in favor of saving
to the President of the United States, " You
may, without consulting the Senate, hurl from
officewilhoutcausewhomsoeveryou please, and
put in their places anybody you please, a rebel
from the rebel army if you will, and we, the
people of Vermont, will pay the man you thus
appoint in the recess of the Senate.:' He is
willing to tax the fathers of the gallant boys
who went from the State of Vermont and fought
to put down the rebellion, for the purpose of
paying a rebel, it may be, who is put into office
without the sanction of the Senate, and, as 1
insist, in defiance of the Constitution, when to
secure him a place a faithful officer is, in the
recess of the Senate, removed wnhout cause,
except to make room for a partisan of presi-
dential policy.
The Senator says he would require him to
take the oath. Does not the Senator from Ver-
mont know that there are hundreds of traitors
in office to-day that have not taken the oath ?
Read the documents upon your table from the
different Departments and you will find there
are many in office who have never taken the
oath.
Sir, it may be that the people of Vermont
are in favor of saying to the President of the
United Slates, "You may remove from office
whomsoever you please, you may put in office
whomsoever you please, without the constitu-
tional sanction of the Senate, and we are pre-
pared to tax ourselves to pay the salary of the
man you put in, though he be a traitor and
ready again to conspire to overthrow the Gov-
ernment.'' Sir, it may be that the citizens of
Vermont are for that, but the citizens of Illi-
nois are not. I claim not to know the views
of the Senators constituents, but I think I
know something of those whom I have tha
honor to represent.
The amendment, as originally proposed,
related to the filling of the vacancies which
existed during the session of the Senate, and
which the President, would have. had an op-
portunity to fill in the constitutional way by
the advice and consent of the Senate. That
was the original proposition. The Senator
from Ohio [Mr. Sherman] thought it would
not do to adopt it in that form because there
might be connected with the revenue some offi-
cer who was squandering the public money,
and if it was necessary to remove him for mal-
practice and put an honest man in his place
it would not do to say that the successor ap-
pointed under such circumstances should not
be paid until he was confirmed by the Senate.
In order to meetthat objection the amendment
was changed so as to provide that in ease of
a removal by the President during the recess
of the Senate of an officer for any act or omis-
sion in violation of public duty, where a per-
son was appointed to fill a vacancy thus occa-
sioned he should be paid. The President can,
if this amendment becomes a law, remove and
appoint in case of malfeasance in office, and
the appointee will be entitled to his salary.
That does not satisfy the Senator from Ver-
mont. What does he want? He wants the
President to be vested with authority to re-
move without cause for partisan purposes, and
it may be for the purpose of aiding to force
into Congress representatives from States not
fit, according to the Senator's own showing, to
be represented. That is his object in moving
this reconsideration. There can be no other.
But he fells us the President either has the
power to remove, or he has not the power to
remove from office, and if he has the power at
all it is unlimited. I do not so understand the
Constitution. I do not so understaud the
practice under the Government.
The Senator from Vermont tells us that from
the foundation of the Government this power
of the President to remove and appoint at pleas-
ure has been recognized. I would like to inquire
of that Senator if it has been recognized in the
Army and Navy. Has it not rather been de-
nied? Will he point to the clause of the Con-
stitution that restricts the power of the Presi-
dent in the appointment and removal of Army
and Navy officers any more than it does in the
appointment and removal of civil officers ? Has
not Congress from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment denied the authority of the President
; to remove, except as provided by law, a very
I large class of officers, both in the Army and in
' the Navy? Have we not denied it also in rela-
tion to civil officers? It is not true that the
President has from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment exercised this power ad libitum. I
am not disposed to go into that argument. The
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson*] ex-
hausted that subject the other day. He showed
how many removals had been made under the
different President-!, and I was astonishedat the
few that were made by the earlier Presidents. -
I shall not go over the argument to show whether
the power, to remove exists or not. I think that
subject has been sufficiently argued. But, sir,
if the President has not the authority to remove
during the recess of the Senate, as a general
proposition, does the Senator deny that we may
