1866;
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1459
toration of specie payments, it was not until :
after many years that she was able to accom- |
plisli that desirable result. I apprehend that
our country is at the present tiuie in an anal-
ogous condition. I attribute our inability to .
resume specie payments at the present time to
this, that as the result of war and the diversion
oi a large amount of industrial force from the
peaceful labors of life wo have to-day less of
convertible property than we had when the war
commenced. Let, me illustrate our condition
by a single statement. If T owe my friend from
New York [Mr. Coxklixg] $100 and have not
the money or property with which to pay it, it
is entirely useless for Congress to declare by
law I shall pay it unless I am furnished with
the means to do so; J)ut if time be given, and
1 employ my capacities in some productive way
and earn $100, if disposed, 3 can pay that $100
without the interposition of Congress. That
is the condition of this country at the present
time. "We have less of iron, less of cotton, less
of all the other results of productive industry
than other nations have with which we are in
commercial relation. We must wait until, by
the application of productive power, the results
of our industry agi ee with the results of the in-
dustry of other countries, and then our paper
will come to be as valuable as gold ; and if by
legislation you then command the resumption
of specie payments, it will be done without
financial disturbance.
I think it is the policy of the country to al-
low things to go on without active interference.
Jii the natural development of events we shall
resume specie payments as early a< is consist-
ent with the business interests of the country.
I believe, myself, while we should not increase
our circulation, that we should wait until an-
other harvest has been gathered in, and until
the results of that harvest have been made a
part of the convertible property of the country,
before we attempt any legislation in the way of
enforcing specie payments.
I do not know that 1 wish to extend my re-
marks. L have stated, very generally to be sure,
the views T entertain. Just convert those bonds
which will mature within the next two years
into other bonds for a longer time, and also
the interest-bearing Treasury notes now in the
banks, leaving the £>o0.000,000 of currency
" chculation. That amount f believe to be ne-
cessary for the want-i of the counliy. Perhaps
we have not corn-adored that the operations of
the internal revenue depaitmoni. alone ruquiie
from iifty to one; hundred millions to enable it
to go on, collecting as il does three or four hun-
dred million5; a year. Then we have to con-
sider that we have added four million people, I
mean the colored people, to the trading and
consuming population of the country. This
new element creates a demand for a large
amount of currency. We have also to con-
sider that <uch has bee a the increase of the
produc's of the mines of the woild since 18(10
that we can never expect a return to the old
price.-, and therefore it will require more of
the circulating medium to transact business.
The advance in prices in England and upon
the continent of Europe since ItfOO is from fif-
teen to twenty-live per cent, of all kinds of
merchandise, while the advance in land is con-
siderable, indicating that the advance m this
country of which complaint is made is due in
pari to a financial change which affects the
en ire eommeicial world.
J will add m conclusion that I will vote for
the amendment propo.^ed by the gentleman
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.]
Mr. SLOAN". I propose to amend the
amendment of the gentleman from Vermont
by striking out the following proviso:
Provided^ That tlie bond* which may bo disposed
of elsewhere than in the l/niicd States m;iy be made
payable, both principal and interest, m the coin or
oui rem.y ol tin- country m w hie h^ they «o o made pay-
able, hut slrili not bear a rate of interest exceeding
live per cent. pei annum.
And inserting in lieu thereof the following:
Prhi-nLd, That all bonds or other obligations of
the. United blafes herealter issued shall be made
pajaMo, principal and interest, m lawful money ot
the United States: and all acts or parts of acts which
authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to retire
permanently from circulation United States notes
uol bcavim? mta^t are hereby repealed.
Mr. MORRILL. I raise a question of order.
The proposed amendment is not germane to
the matter proposed to be stricken out; and
th^re being already two amendmends pending,
it is not in order to propose a third unless it is
in the nature of a substitute.
The SPEAKER. There is a substitute pend-
ing. offered by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Steven's.] The amendment of the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. MoruiiLi,] has
reference to the original bill, and the question
will be taken on that before it is taken on the
substitute. The amendment of the gentleman
from Wisconsin [Mr. Si.oax] is an amendment
to the amendment of the gentleman from Ver-
mont.
Mr. STEYEXS. Mr. Speaker, this is a tre-
mendous bill. It proposes to confer, in my
judgment, more power upon a single man
than was ever before conferred upon any one
man in a Government claiming to have a Con-
stitution.
Tn the remarks I have to make upon this
subject, I beg to say that while 1 would repose
just as much confidence in the present incum-
bent as in any other man, yet our considera-
tion as statesmen, it seems to mo, should have
no regaid to the individual who occupies the
place. We are called upon to grant to one
man a power which no wLe Legislature would
grant; and although we may expect that he
will wisely exeruae it, yet we ought not to
grant it, because a contingency may arise
which will render it pernicious.
But there is another reason. Wherever there
is a vast power the extent of u hieh is hardly
limited at all, and it is uncertain how it will
be exercised, (here is no business community
that e^r feel sale; there is no business man
that will not fear to embark his money in any
enterprise which requires much capital. And
I think 1 for one tan see already that the
very pendency of this bill has tended to throw
a damper upon the business of the country, so
far as 1 know anything about it, which 1 have
never before felt or seen from the mere intro-
duction of a bill.
1 know that two cotton factories that had
commenced and were nearly under roof when
this bill was introduced, ha\ e been suspended,
and will be entirely abandoned never to be re-
sumed, if this bill granting this mighty power
should become a law. And I venture to say
that theie is scarcely any branch of business
in the countiy, whether in cities or in rural dis-
tricts, that will not be immediately so cramped
as to reduce ail the industrial enterprises of the
country and all ihe groat interests of the nation
in the revenue-paying department.
Lot us for a single moment see whether the
provisions of the bill do not bear out my asser- ,
tion that it proposes to confer a tremendous !
power. The! e is no power more ien ible ifexer-
eised perniciously than that, to extend or con-
tract the currency. It is a terrible engine. I re-
member, when the fight was carried on between
President Jackson and the United States Bank,
although the bank bad but S;>->.000.000 at its
command, that whenever it found it necessary
to carry a State the bank either extended or
contracted to exccut.e its purpose. I have seen
crash alter crash, and house after house of the
most ilourKhing men in the city of Philadel-
phia and elsewhere go down under the merci-
less operation of that warfare which ^as thus
carried on between them. Xow. I venture to
savthat that power was not one fiftieth part of
| the power "which this bill proposes to give to
} the Secretary of the Treasury. What does it
propose to give to him ?
The bill provides that the act of March, 180o,
shall be extended and construed to authorize
the Secretary of the Treasury at his diseiction,
unlimited by any law. to receive Treasury
notes or oilier obligations issued, under any act
of Congress, whether bearing interest or nut. in
exchange for any description of bonds author-
ized by the act to which this is an amendment j
and also to dispose of any description of bonds
authorized by said act, either m the United
►States or elsewhere, to such an amount and in
such manner and at such rates as he may think
advisable.
Kow^ 1 ask whether the legislation of this
House in the hardest times of the war, whether
the legislation of an}' other nation on the face
of the earth, ever confided such discretion in
a single man. The law-making power has
always taken pare to guard by proper limita-
tions the acts of its executive officers. And
although in the executive department some
discretion has been granted, yet the discretion
to borrow just as much as a man pleases, to
borrow it wherever he pleases, to borrow it at
any rate which he pleases, seems to me to be a
power which no wise body of men would ever
eoniide to the purest and ablest man that ever
lived.
And for what is this tremendous power con-
ferred? By the acts of 180-1 and Idtw no man
cau doubt but that the Secretary of tiie Treasury
has now ihe power to convert all the interest-
bearing obligations of I he United States of every
kind into any kind of bonds which he now
proposes to sell. The second section of that
act is as follows:
"Sec. 2. A nd heit further enacUd, That the Secretary
of the Treasury may dispose of any of the bonds or
other obligations issued under this act, either in tho
United States or elsewhere, ia t-ueh manner, and at
such rates, and under such conditions as he may think
advisable, for coin, or for other lawful money of tho
United Stales, or lor an.v Treasury notes, certificates
ot indebtedness or certitieates of deposit, or other
representatives of value, w Inch have been or may be
i>Mied under nny act of Congress; and may, at his
discretion, isbuo bolide or Xiea^uiy notes authorized
bvthis act. m payment for anyrequiviuonsfor mate-
rials or supplies winch shall have been made by the
appropriate Departmentor othces upon tin; Treasury
of the United States, on receiving notice in writing
through the Department or office making the ro<jm-
sit-on, that the owner ol tho ehnm foi whit h the re-
quisition is iaMied desires to Milj.-eiibe lor an amount
ot loan that will cover s.iid i i><|uUttion, or anv part
theieof; and all bonds or other obligations issued
under tins aetsludj be exempt from taxation by or
under State or municipal uutliouty."
And the proviso of the first section is as fol-
lows :
"Andprovided further. That the act entitled 4 An
act to pi ovule wnys arid means forthe support of the
Government, and tor other purposes,'appiov ed Juno
;!(), lSt>4, shall be &o construed as to auihouzc the issue
of boiulsof any dcseiiption ,uithoii/,ed by this act.
And anv Treasury note** orothcr obligation^ bearing
interest, issued under any act of Congress mav, at tho
di.-cretion ol the Secretary ol the Treasury, and with
tiie consent <>f the holder, be converted into any de-
scription of bonds authorized by this act: and no
bonds so authorized shall be considered a part of the
amount of $'000,000,000 hereinbefore authorized."
Is there anything plainer, anything clearer
than that?
Mr. CONKLIXG. By the permission of the
gentleman. I would like to suggest at this point
what is the difficulty in the mind of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, becasue 1 should he glad
to hear the gentleman fiom Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stj-:vj:nsJ on the subject. It has been sug-
gested that the word converted"' in the pro-
viso just read confines the operation to the right
to exchange one description of obligation for
the other, as contradistinguished from the right
to put bonds on the market, and to sell them
for money, and with that money to retire the
securities which he would take up. It is that
which has created a doubt in the mind of the
Secretary of the Treasury. 3 would like to hear
the gentleman on that question.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 believe the Secretary of
the Treasury has followed the other course. I
do not know the fact.
Mr. (JONKLIXG. I understand that the
other course has been pursued to the amount of
$.30,000,000. pending which operation, or fol-
lowing it, the Secretary came to belie\e that
he was acting under a power possibly doubtful,
([ measure my expression when I say possibly
doubtful) as the taw now stands. Therefore
for abundant caution he wants to have a statute
unmistakable in that respect.
Mr. STEVEN'S. In answer to the gentle-
man I have no hesitation in sajmg that the
doubts which the Secretary of the Treasury
came to when he had converted $.>0,000,OOG
