396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
am determined to endeavor to do my little mite
toward unveiling it, and toward exposing its
monstrous deformity to the country.
My honorable friends from Indiana and Dela-
ware [Mr. Hkkdkicks and Mr. Saulsbiiry]
have established beyond all doubt the enormous
cost which this bill will entail upon the Treas-
ury of the United States, and I do not believe
that they have exaggerated it. I agree with
the honorable Senator from Delaware that the
amount of the aggregate expenditure will de-
pend very much on the discretion of the Exec-
utive; that if he is disposed to press the ca-
pacity for patronage which this bill would give
him to its utmost limits in the great stress of a
pi-esidential canvass, it would be a source of
enormous expenditure, and would confer upon
Mm a most dangerous aggregation of power. I
believe with the honorable Senator from Indi-
ana that no economical administration which
can be given to the bureau will cause the ex-
penditure under this bill to be less than from
thirty to fifty million dollars. I concur fully in
the remarks that wero made by my honorable
colleague, attempting to reveal what will bo the
requirements upon the Treasury under this bill,
to the extent that he went; and I believe that
he underrated what will turn out to be in truth
the expenditure.
I was present at a meeting of the Committee
on Pensions this morning, and we had before us
a proposition to increase the present rates of
pensions, which was not disposed of. I can
speak of the proposition because it has been
referred by the order of the Senate to that com-
mittee. What is now the pay of a private sol-
dier in the Army of the United States? 1 be-
lieve it is about sixteen dollars per month; I
am not certain. Some gentleman on the Mili-
tary Committee will perhaps inform me; how-
ever, it is not material.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It is sixteen dollars a
month.
Mr. DAVIS. Now, Mr. President, here is
a bill that establishes a groat system of lazza-
roni, a great system of poor-houses for the sup-
port, of lazy negroes all over the southern States.
What is to be the cost of this system no polit-
ical economist or statesman can tell. H Col-
bert were here, or Neck or, or Turner, or any
of the great financiers that Kurope has pro-
duced, thov could not toll within millions and
tens of millions, probably hundreds of millions,
of what is to be the cost of this system. What
will be its effect? There are a certain class of
men in this body, and in the other House, who
think illcy know all about the negro ; and not.
only that, they think.they know all about all
■creation and all its concerns, and that if any-
body presumes to put up opinions against theirs
they are ninnies or neophytes or nincompoops,
and they are the Solomons. [Laughter.] With
true characteristic national conceit, they arc
pulling down the great system of constitution
and of policy and of legislation which was
established by our fathers, (lie wisest and most
virtuous men that ever lived. They have daied
to rush in where angels would not tread ; and
when they see the confusion and ruin and bank-
ruptcy tiiat is about, to result to the nation from
their enormous mistakes in the conduct, of this
war, and in the administration of affairs si nee the
war has closed, they arc throwing themselves
about like the blind Samson, and threaten to
pull down the pillars of the State upon them
and upon us.
A triend of mine remarked to me yesterday
that there wero some men here who were going
to destruction very fast. I replied, "It is too
true, but the misfortune is they are taking us
and the country with them." Said he, "Sup-
pose we were to unhitch ourselves and the coun-
try and back out, and let them go on to their
destruction. ' I exclaimed, "In the name of
God, let it be so;" but wo cannot dispose of
them in that way. They are moving on; they
have us hitched to their chariot,-and they are
dragging us with resistless force and with in-
calculable speed to that destruction which they
are bringing upon our common country.
Myhonorablofrioudfrom Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Cow ax,] whom I do not see in his seat, has pre-
sented various memorials hero; for what, pur-
pose ? - The early enlisted soldiers in the late
war, who met the storm of battle in its onset,
and who received but $100 bounty, that great
mass of meritorious patriots who saved the
Union and the Government, without whose
services and toils and sufferings it would have
perished, are now knocking at the doors of Con-
gress and asking that their bounties be equal-
ized, and that they be allowed the same bounty
that the negro has received. Sir, what are you
going to do with these propositions? What is
this Black Republican party going to do with the
propositions? What are you going to do with
the Treasury of the United States? Who can
tell now what is the amount of the debt that is
justly duo, liquidated and unliquidated, by the
Government of the United States? If I recol-
lect aright, the chairman of the Committee of
Ways and Means of the other House, during
the past summer, then estimated it at at least
$4,000,000,000. The interest of that would be
$-40,000,000 annually. You have a negro
bureau before you that will produce another
draft upon the Treasury of from §50,000,000 to
$250,000,000, say ^100,000,000 at least. You
have a pension roll, which, if justice is done to
the noble patriots who bared their bosoms to
the iron storm of war, will call for another
$100,000,000 at least,. You have the maimed,
the wounded, and disabled who took part in this
late war, and the widows of those who have
fallen, now knocking at, vour doors to have their
pittance of a pension raised from eight dollars,
so as to give them barely bread and raiment and
shelter. When thev come here and ask that the
pittance of eight dollars a month shall be raised
to twelve or thirteen or sixteen dollars a month,
where is the man in the Senate or the House
that dare get up and speak or vote against such
a just proposition? I believe some officer con-
nected with the War Department says that the
claim for the increase of bounties will amount
to about, $400,000,000. 1 think that, is an ex-
aggeration; but suppose it amounts to $'200,-
000,000, and then when you increase the pension
roll $50,000,000 more, making §^50,000,000,
are you willing to incur a further expenditure
for the establishment of negro poor-houses?
A negro will never work when he c«n keep
soul and body together without work. 1 know
the negro nature heller than all the Yankees
in this body, or that, live upon this continent.
[Laughter. ] 1 know that if he can live without
work, he will not work. If ho can live by beg-
ging, be will not work. If he can live by steal-
ing, he will not work. If ho can live in the
southern States upon the spontaneous fruits
and vegetables of the land that grow up by the
force of the climate and of a luxuriant, soil, he
will not, work, fie will busk, with his wife and
children in squalid lags and poverty, in the
sunshine : but so long as he can hold body and
soul together he will never woik. What, are
you offering to do now? To give him subsist-
ence, transportation, asylums, school-houses,
school teaches, churches, and I suppose some-
body to preach in theirchurehes. All these sup
plies you propose to give to the negro. Do you
not think thai there will be a general pilgrimage
of all the negroes in the United Slates toward
these establishments? There will be, just, as
certain as you and f live.
Here, then, Mr. President, is $850,000,000
for increased pensions and for the increase of
the bounty of the lirst soldiers of the war. and
then comesin $250,000,000 more to be expended
under this bill, making yii00,000,000 to be
added to our expenditures. Where is the money
to come from to pay it? Where is the people
on earth more ground to the dust by taxation
than the people of America? Are the gentle-
men from California and from the gold and sil-
ver mines of Nevada ready to pay an ml ra/orem
rate of taxation upon the products of their lands
to meet all these burdens upon the Treasury?
I appeal to the hardy farmers of the Northwest,
those gallant and hard-handed men, who live
upon small tracts of land of one hundred acres,
or something like that, and who have to toil day
in and day out, and live economically to make the
two ends meet at the close of the year, to educate
their children and give their families the ordi-
nary comforts of life, and many of them have
no surplus to lay up for old age and for the
wintry day of life; are they ready and willing
to pay an ad valorem tax, or a direct tax, upor
their lands for the purpose of meeting th(
expenses of this lazzaroni, this great system oi
negro poor-houses ? It will come to that. Sir.
3"on must stop expenditures, you must retrench,
reform, economize ; instead of increasing youi
expenditures you must greatly reduce them;
otherwise repudiation will be inevitable. I want
.no repudiation, but I want the severest economy
practiced by the Government, to bring the bur-
den of the people, which they have to meet in
the form of taxation, within such a limit that
they can shoulder and move along with it with
the proud and erect stop of freemen, and still
live, and not to be bowed down in penury and
vassalage to the millionaires who own the pub-
lic, debt.
I call for the yeas and nays upon the amend-
ment that I have proposed.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WILLEY. Mr. President, I know of
scarcely a higher duty than has been imposed
by the result of this war upon the Gov eminent,
to provide for the very contingencies embraced
within the provisions of this bill; I know of no
higher obligation than to make all necessary
provision for the protection and the elevation
of this race, for their protection in their civil
rights and in the enjoyment of their proper pur-
suits, and for their protection in all the civil
relations of life. I know of but one higher duty
devolving upon the Senate, and that is the ob-
ligation to abide by the Constitution. 1 stand
here under the obligation of an oath to support
that Constitution, and having come to the con-
clusion, from the arguments that have been
made during the progress of this discussion,
that Congress has no power to grant the provis-
ions contained within this section, I shall, since
the yeas and nays have been called, be com-
pelled to vote to strike it out.
I come to this conclusion with very great
regret,, because the able committee who have
had this subject in charge, after full investigation
no doubt, have come to the conclusion that the
provisions of this section -would result very
much to the advantage of the freedmeii of this
country. It is possible that they would. Nev-
ertheless, as I have said, there is a higher obli-
gation which is to guide my conduct in the
premises, and that is obedience to what I con-
ceive to be the obligations of constitutional
law. Believing that the proposition contained
in this section is unconstitutional, I must vote
to strike the section from the bill. I shall do
it with the less reluctance, because it seems
to me the powers granted in this section and
the provisions made in if, are not indispensa-
bly necessary to- accomplish the object contem-
plated by the bill. The freedmcn maybe pro-
tected, and proper provision he made for them,
without the grunt of the power contained in
this section; and besides, it seems to me that
it, contains, however beneficial its effect, mi ght
be in other respects, one vicious principle.
Whatever my friend from Kentucky may
know about the habits of the negroes, 1 think
he is very much mistaken in regard to their
habits of idleness. They have been idle : but
who would not be idle, if his labor was not to
result in his own benefit? Who would not be
idle if lie received no wages for his toil ? What
race would not be. comparatively, in the con-
dition i;i which the Senator has represented
the colored race, who for long ages had been
held in slavery, receding nothing for their toil
but a bare pittance to live upon? Give them
hopes, give them a prospect of bettering their
condition in the future; adopt measures that
will tend to stimulate industry and to_stimulate
a hope of improvement in their condition, and
that idleness, to some extent at least, will pass
away. It must be admitted, however, that
from the habits, education, and condition of the
negro, he has hitherto been a dependent being;
