1460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
March 16,
were solid doubts that he had no power to sell
and buy, while he had power to exchange with
anybody that chose to exchange and convert
the one for the other. And it is for the pur-
pose of doing away with those doubts that my
substitute has been introduced. I propose by
that to give him the power which he has been
exercising all along, and not to confine it to
that single operation. I am therefore solving
his doubt and providing the very power he
wishes. Now, sir, for what purpose does he
ask any further power? Not to solve a doubt.
If that were all, he should have a bill so far as
I am concerned; and I propose by my substi-
tute to give him that. But he asks a vast deal
more ; that is a very small part of it. I do not
believe he violated the laws consciously; but
I do not think he had the power to sell bonds;
the power given was one of conversion merely.
Now, sir, for what more does he ask? The
original bill, to which this is an amendment,
gave him thepower to convert allthese amounts
of money which are therein recited from these
descriptions of bonds into five-twenty bonds
bearing gold interest. Now, let us look at it
for a moment, and see how much power he has
under that bill if he should get no more. He
has the four, five, and six per cent, temporary
loan of $114,000,000; certificates of indebted-
ness, $60.000,000; one and two year five per
cent, bonds, SS,000,000; three year compound-
interest legal-tender notes, $180,000,000; three
year seven-thirty Treasury notes, $800,000,000;
except the United States notes, $420,000,000;
making $1,600,000,000, deducting the $420,-
000,000. All that he now has the power to
retire under the law which already exists; or
if he has a doubt that he can exchange with-
out selling bonds, he will have the power under
the amendment which I propose. Ts not that
enough? He has now the power to convert
$1,"G00,000,000 of our obligations from seven-
thirty notes, from compound-interest notes pay-
able in currency, into hve-twenty bonds payable
in gold, so far as tile interest is concerned.
That is a power which no man ought over to
have had granted to him. It is increasing be-
yond all extent ever heard of the interest upon
the exchange; for while the one bears interest
at the rate of seven and three tenths in cur-
rency at the highest, the other bears an inter-
est which at the present rate of gold gives more
than eight per cent, of currency.
But suppose he has a desire to only with-
draw the circulation, why not be content for
another year with withdrawing a circulation of
$180,000,000 ?
Inasmuch as these compound-interest notes
are a legal tender for their face, and inasmuch
as lie has the power under the law as it now
stands, or will have at any rate under my
amendment, to withdraw this very year the
amount of $180,000,000 of the currency of the
country by exchanging them for long bonds,
ought not that to be satisfactory ? But that is
not satisfactory to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury. In his report 1 see that he thinks that in
addition to the 8180,000,000 he would probably
not exercise the power, if it were given him,
beyond $200,000,000 of greenbacks ; making
a contraction of the currencv, according to his
own theory and desire, of $380,000,000 in one
year.
Kow. gentlemen, if you have ever been upon
the rack. (I hope none of you have,) pass this
law, and you will have a worse rack than any
you over were on. I do not believe there is a
branch of business in this country that would
survive it. You say that perhaps he will not
exercise the power. But perhaps he will; there
is the difficulty. Give him the power, and he
may do one tiling or the other. But as he may
do it, every man in the country who has any
regard to his own interest will be cautious how
he will put himself into a position to be thus
broken, bone and flesh. by this terrible engine
of power which it is proposed to give the Sec-
retary of the Treasury.
But the Secretary of the Treasury says he
has another object ip. yjew. lie wishes to con-
Vert these currency bonds into gold bonds.
They are now payable in currency; the interest
will then be payable in gold. How would that
help us? I cannot understand, unless I hold
the bonds; then. I might have some little idea
about it. But how would it help the country,
to increase your rate of interest from six per
cent, to eight and a quarter per cent, and
more ? Why convert them into gold-bearing
bonds?
By the law as it now stands, we have a right
to pay for these five-twenties in currency at the
end of five years from their date. We pay the
interest in gold, but we may pay the principal
in currency. Now, would it not be wiser to
sell these bonds for currency, and pay the five-
twenty bonds that are outstanding, and thus
take away the demand for gold which raises it
to ISO. Would it not be wiser, instead of
adding to the gold-bearing list, to withdraw
from the gold-bearing list just the amount of
whatever we can sell and pay the balance in
United States money ? But no ; the Secretary
of the Treasury insists upon putting it into
gold-bearing bonds. A gentleman near me
suggests that the object is to make the interest
less. ' Well, I dare say that the Secretary of
the Treasury has so figured it; but I cannot
make it out that six per cent, in gold is less
interest than six per cent, in United States
money. If we had reached the period of specie
payments, then I admit it would not make any
difference in what sort of money payment was
made.
But, sir, the most extraordinary of all the
recommendations of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is that we should pass an act declaring that
all these five-twenties, not only the interest, but
the principal, shall be paid in coin. This, he
says, would be a great advantage in Europe.
An advantage to whom ? To the Government ?
The Government has not a dollar of these loans
to sell. There is no loan authorized by law that
has not been already exhausted ; and the Sec-
retary does not call for any other loan except
as a substitute for those outstanding. For whose
benefit, then, are you to declare these five-twen-
ties payable in coin, thus increasing their value
thirty per cent.? Who hold these bonds? Eu-
ropean capitalists. Those men abroad holding
now $600,000,000 of our national loan are, if
we adopt the recommendation of the Secretary
of the Treasury, to have thirty per cent, added
to the value of their bonds by a single act of
legislation. The Government has no farther
concern in those bonds except to pay the inter-
est as it accrues and the principal at maturity.
Those bonds were purchased, many of them,
by European capitalists when gold with us was
at 2o0. In other words, they bought those
bonds at sixty per cent, discount. It is evident
that if those bonds should now, in accordance
with the recommendation of the Secretary of
the Treasury, be made payable in gold the hold-
ers of the bonds would obtain §100 for every
forty dollars which they paid.
Sir, I cannot understand the philosophy of
such a system of finance. I dare say that it
is because, residing in a country place where
money circulates only in small amounts, I am
not able to comprehend financial calculations
as this banker is, but the idea that the nation
is to he benefited by such a proceeding as that
proposed, whether the bonds be held in Europe
or America, is beyond ray comprehension.
Doubtless, if I had my pocket, full of five-
twenties, I could realize the propriety of mak-
ing the principal as well as the interest payable
in gold after it has been understood for five
years that that principal should be payable in
currency. _ Any gentleman thus comfortably
situated will doubtless find it difficult to vote
with an unibased conscience. There may be
wisdom in this project of the Secretary of the
Treasury, but I confess that to my poor intel-
lect it is inscrutable and past finding out.
Mr. RAYMOND. Will the gentleman from
Pennsylvania allow me to ask him a question?
Mr. STEVENS. Certainly.
Mr. RAYMOND. If 1 understand the gen-
tleman, his reasoning upon this point proceeds
.on the assumption that the new bonds to be
issued to replace the five-twenties which are to
be exchanged, are to bear the same rate of
interest as the five-twenties thus retired ; and
inasmuch as they are to be paid in coin instead
of currency, therefore,, as he says, the rate of
interest will be increased from six to eight, or
a little over eight, per cent.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman perhaps
does not understand me. The obligations to
be retired under this bill are those that do not
bear gold interest; not the five-twenties.
Mr. RAYMOND. Precisely; those paya-
ble in currency. Now, is not the very object
of thus changing the mode of payment from
currency to gold, to reduce the rate of interest
at which the new bonds are to be taken ? That
is to say, if they are now payable in currency
at six -per cent., is it not reasonable to suppose
that when made payable in coin they will be
taken at four per cent., or a little less?
Mr. STEVENS. The bonds which are to be
used are precisely like those in that law, six per
cent, bonds payable in coin, and seven and three-
tenths bonds payable in currency. The seven
andthree-tenthsbonds have allbeen exhausted,
all been used, but by the terms of the act they
are convertible into six per cent, gold-bearing
bonds under the discretion of the Secretary of
the Treasury, for which no law is required. It
is true, last year when we were about to pass a
loan bill—and as a matter of history I mention
it—1 introduced a bill that they should all be
paid in currency.
Mr. MORRILL. I know the gentleman does
not desire to mislead the House. There are
two statements he made here to which I desire
to call his attention as well as the attention of
members of the House, to see whether I under-
stood him. One was, that the bill proposed
by the Committee of "Ways and Means gave
power to the Secretary of the Treasury to issue
bonds without any limit. Now, as I understand
the bill, it is limited to the amount of our pres-
ent indebtedness, interest bearing and non-
interest bearing.
Mr. STEVENS. I did not mean to say he
had no power to go beyond the $300,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman does not
mean to controvert the position that he has no
more power than merely to exchange for these
bonds and notes now outstanding.
Mr. STEVENS. I mean to say, certainly,
he is to apply it to our indebtedness as it is
now. It was to convert all those except the
legal tenders. He has the power to convert
them, if he sees fit, except the legal tenders.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to call his atten-
tion to another statement: that is, that the Sec-
retary of the Treasury proposes in his report
to reduce the legal tenders by the amount of
¥200,000,000 annually.
Mr. STEVENS. No, sirthat he said that he
thought it would not be necessary to go bevond
$200,000,000.
Mr. MORRILL. My recollection does not
agree with that of the gentleman.
Mr._ STEVENS. I think I can find it.
Here it is:
" It is the opinion of the Secretary, as has been
already stated, that the proeessof contraction cannot
he injuriously rapid: and that it will not be neces-
sary to retire more than one hundred, or at mo«t two
hundred millions of United States notes, m addition
to the compound notes, before the debirod result will
bo attained."
Then, sir, what more docs he ask? Ho asks
the power not only to convert interest-bearing
notes into interest-bearing gold bonds, but the
right to convert, "greenbacks'' and legal tend-
ers bearing no interest into five-twenties bear-
ing interest in gold.
Mr. ALLISON. I understand the five-twenty
bonds the act of 18G4 has made payable, prin-
cipal and interest, in gold, whereas the inter-
est is only jjayable in gold now. I desire to
ask whether, under the proviso of the first sec-
tion of the act of March 3, 1805, the balance
of the five-twenty bonds so payable he can re-
turn and receive in exchange such bonds as
are authorized by that act, to wit, interest and
principal payable in gold.
Mr. STEVENS "
No such power now exists.
