1866.
the United States" and insert "Secretary
of War," and also in line ten to strike out,
tlie words '' Q uartermaster General' and insert
"Secretary of War;" and in the second sec-
tion, line six, to strike out the words ' Com-
missavy General of Subsistence an
<• Secretary of Warand also m line eight to
strike out the words 11 Commissary General ot
Subsistence1' and insert ''Secretary of Wai.
' Mr. HOWARD. This bill will lie very sweep-
ing in its effect; wry general. I wish to
of the honorable Senator from Vermont if he
or any other person has made any estimate ot
the probable amount of money which this but.
should it become a law, will require to be paid
out of the Treasury of tlic United States.
Mr POLAND. The committee made no
inquiry upon that subject. Indeed, I supposed
it wasone in regard to which we could get no
information: and I do not suppose it makes
any difference what the amount may be. N hat-
ever amount loyal people have tarnished onr
Armvwe ought to pay for or undertake to pay
for, whether that amount be great or small.
We have 110 means of ascertaining the exact
'""Mr. HOWAIID. Does the honorable Sen-
ator from Vermont, who reported the bill, eon-
template that it is to go into operation m the
rebel States? By the terms ot the bill, I undei-
stand that such will be the effect, and that every
person throughout the rebel States whose, prop-
erty has been taken, either with or without an
official receipt., and who can prove that lie was
a loyal person, will be entitled to compensation
under this bill, if it should become a law.
Mr. POLAND. I understand that to be
substantially the meaning of the bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, Mr. President. I
did not misunderstand the etlect ot the bill. _
am entirely opposed to it, as it now stands. It is
impossible to foresee or to calculate the amount
of money which will be drawn from the: treas-
ury ot the United States ,1 this bill shall be
passed and become a law. It amU enable aU
persons throughout the rebel States, who by
solemn act of Congress have been declared and
treated as the enemies of the United States,
to present their claims to the proper officer ot
the Government,, to prove their loyalty not
a very difficult thing, by no means a diilunlt
thing—and to obtain such an amount, of com-
pensation or indemnification for property taken
from then, a, they shall be able to establish
by such proofs as they may be able to otier.
Tn tnv judgment, if this shall become a law,
it will cost the Treasury of the United States
at least, a billion dollars, and 1 presume that
even thai, figure would not, cover the entire
expenditures which would be called for by this
bill And in a matter ot so serious imporl,
I object entirely to submiUmg such questions
as will arise under this bill to (lie adjudication
of any one man, any officer of the Government,
no matter how high may be his posit ion, or how
great may be his talents, or how pure his inten-
tion or Ms honesty. It opens the door to the
most enormous impositions upon the t^eui-
meut; and it is impossible to fancy even th.
amount of fraud and perjury and imposition
which will be practiced, anil easily practiced,
under this bill in the rebel States.
Besides, sir, I hold that we are under no
moral obligation to pay for property taken by
our armies in the course of their regulai
operations i'i the field from rebels oi iom
rebel communities. The seizure of that prop-
erty was one of the necessary results of the
war which tliev waged upon the Government;
and although the effect of that war may be to
work hardship and possibly injustice m many
cases upon individuals, still it is_ one of the
necessities growing out of the attitude which
those rebel communities placed themselves in
toward tlie United Stales, and they are com-
pelled bv the laws of war and the laws ot na-
tions to" pocket their own losses. Sir, I can
lions iu i Itimnts and tell them
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
3381
never "o home to my constituents and tell them
that I have voted for an act of Congress which
will take out of their pockets so vast an amount
of money merely to indemnify rebels and rebel
communities for losses accruing necessarily out
of tlie operations of the armies of thc_ United
States, of which my constituents constituted a
very respectable part.. 1 think it is on^r®'y
vain to expect that the loyal people of the
United States will ever consent to pay oft any
portion of the losses which have accrued ne-
cessarily to the rebel States m the prosecution
of the war for the preservation of the Govern-
ment; and 1 object there ore w Mo to he
whole bill and to the whole scheme as buu0
unjust to the loyal people of the UmtK(l ^es.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, J should
object as strenuously as the Senator from Mich i-
gan to any bill of the character which
opposing. 1 should object m behalf of the
loyal people of the United States to paying
rebels for anything. But, sir, 1 do not object
to paying the loyal people of the United Stato
for the contributions they have made to put
down this rebellion. This, is a bill for the
loval people of the United Stat™, not o 1 e
disloyal. Does the Senator troni Michigan
mean to stand up and say that when the Army
of the United States through its proper officer
has taken the property of a loyal man, loyal
at the time, loyal ever since, loyal now, and
used it in putting down the rebellion, he will
not pay that loyal man for that property/
Mr. riOWAUD. What I intended to say—
and I think I confined myself carefully to the
statement of my proposition-was this: ^object
to the payment of any man (whethei loj.il oi
disloyal) in a rebel State for the taking of hi*
property in the regular prosecution of
for the preservation ol the Union. 1 ha\esaid
nothing about the payment, ot loyal men in
loyal Slates whose property has been taken. ,
aiid it was not necessary tor me to allude
that, branch of the subject,
Mr TltUMlil'LL. \\ ell, Mr. 1 resident, is
a leyal man in a disloyal State, who with treiv
sou'ull around him, at the hazard of his lift
and even thing lie had, stood by the Govern-
ment,, not, to be paid for Ins property because
he happens to be located there? Sir, I am for
encouraging loyalty in thedisloyal States; and
the man who has been (erupted and tried, who
with all the community around him engageU
in the rebellion, stood out, in the imdst, ot
the fiery furnace, for the Union, and furnished
property to feed our armies, 1 am for W"'S-
A "Teat mistake has been made mthis Goiun-
me.it in not distinguishing betweem the loyal
and disloyal men in the rebellions States, it,
at the beginning of this war, we had made it as
terrible to the trailer m the disloyal Ma es as
the traitors made itto the loyal men, we should
have had a loval party there. Jf we tailed m
anything, it was ii^ not protecting oui loj.il
men in the disioval States.
Now, sir, this bill is not a bill to pay traitors.
It is guarded carefully against, being used or
any such purpose. Most ol the claims that
arise under this bill will have- to go to the
Court of Claims—a much saler place to send
them, in my judgment, than before any com-
mittee of Congress or any board of commis-
sioners We have organized here a court ot I
five judges, able men, with attorneys whose ,
special duty it is to defend the interests of the
Government, who cross-examine wilnesses,who
subject testimony to legal tests, who do not p...
upon a claim simply upon an afhdavi
which is brought in, as is the case befoic the
committees of Congress; but before^ ^mmis
allowed by that, court it undergoes a hoiough
judicial investigation. We have officers ap-
pointed whose duty it is to cross-examine. wit-
nesses and introduce new testimony on behalf
Sf the Government, and the Government, will
be protected there. Hundreds and thousands
and millions of dollars will be saved to this
Government by compelling parties who claim
to be loyal to go before this tribunal and esta -
lish their loyalty by legal evidence; es abl sh
the fact that their properly was taken loi tlic
support of the Union Army; thai, it was taken
by the proper officer; that it was ^
used by the Union Army; and when thej
establish these facts, which this bill requn.es,
and that the claimant lias been and is loyal.
that you took his provisions to teed your Army,
that Vour proper officer took them, I say this
Government is bound to pay for. them' r
sooner or later we will pay for themi., and I
want, to say to the few loyal men all over the
rebellious States that, for one, I am ready to
Pa| hear'the Senator from Massachusetts [Mr.
i Wii.soxl say there is ruin in the bill. Sir,there
! is no ruin in the bill. That idea is entirely
! imaginary. The Senator from Massachusetts s
undoubtedly knows a great many thiags; but
does he laiow that this very law lias been en-
forced for two years applying to all the loyal
States of the Union, applying to the^ State of
Maryland, applying to the State of West Vir
"iiiia, applying to the State of Missouri, ap-
plying to the State of Kentucky; and what
ruin has come upon the country £ Ik© whol,
amount, that, has been allowed, even ^rough
your commissary and quartermaster si depart-
ments, without the legal tests of a judicial in-
! vestigation, is but a few hundred thousand dol-
lars. The whole of it is nothing like a mil lion,
although you had large armies m these States
all the"time. The whole amount of claims es-
tablished, 1 think, is not $400,000. Wo had a
statement from the Department on that point.
Mr POLAND. About three hundred thou-
sand dollars nt that time. That was a couple
0l>h-0UTKUM ULL. About three hundred
thousand dollars two months ago was all that
had been allowed, and the law has been in
force for two years. It, is an unnecessary alarm
that is sousht, to be excited against this bill.
1 think, sir';that we ought, lo pass a measure o
this kind, and 1 do not see the. distinction which
u,y friend from Michigan makes between the
truly loyal man of the South and the Uuly
loyal man of the North. I would pay one as
coon as the other. 1
Mr HOWARD. If the Senator will prclon
me I will endeavor to manifest the distinction
to which 1 alluded. 11 seems to me to be very
plain. It consists in this: that by several sol-
emn acts of Congress, passed by Ins votes and
mine, the eleven robed Stales have bee'n d.
el'ired to be, enemies ol tlie United State s, pub
lie enemies, with whom we. as a Government
were at war—a war regulated m all respects
upon the recognized principles o jmblic war.
Evcrv man, woman, and child within the limits
of the rebel States were bylaw the enemies
of the United States. When I say enemies,
[ r do not mean that every one o c° y«^va:^
heart, hostile to the Government of tuo United
States-, but it was one of the_ necessary jeg.il
results of the condition in which the
of the people of those States placed the State
in each ease, to make the whole population eiie-
"iet Now, if the honorable Senator from
Illinois will inform me what case there is in
the whole history of war in which property
taken by a belligerent entering the enemy s
territory has been paid toi by the lnY^e^^
' have become the suceesslul party, then 1 shall
I Ive up niy point.. I know of no such prmci-
i pie'in the laws of war as requires a belligerent
! party to pay for property which the inv"^
army takes by way of forage .or
form for the support and may ten
army which lie is leading against Ins enem •
Mr. TllUMBU LI,. The Senator from Mich-
igan refers to various laws with which I am
^familiar. 1 am not familiar with those
he enemies. 1 am vciy sun. j
tlVMr HOWARD. I am very sorry to hear it.
Li Mr'TRUMBULL. And I do not know where
H , x are. I know that we declared
the bihabilants'of certain States to be in   «e
!l of insurrection, under a proclamation. l>nt the
il Senator wonts to know il I can give him anj
I instance where property was paid for under
i! such circumstances, and lie says that il i can
|[ h" will give, it up. Why, sir, our Army paid
I! for property all the while, general oherman
1 paid for property and General Banks paid for
