1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2421
to me defective, and I aided in trying to per-
fect it. This explains my connection with it.
I thought it was proper then ; I think so now;
and I think that after having adopted this
amendment by the deliberate vote of the Sen-
ate, if we now recall the bill and reconsider
the vote by which it was adopted, it will be
virtually saying to the President of the United
States that the Senate is prepared to vote
money to pay men put into office for the very
purpose of defeating the measures which we
believe essential to the preservation of the Gov-
ernment and the perpetuity of our free institu-
tions, and put there, too, by displacing faithful
officers against whom no complaint exists. I
am sorry if the Senator from Vermont cannot
stand upon this position before the people of
Vermont. I regret that he feels he cannot
stand upon the position of refusing to pay men
put into office at the sacrifice of men who are
discharging their whole duty to the Govern-
ment., Sir, if a man in office has been guilty
of any official act of omission or commission
the President may remove him, and his ap-
pointee, whoever he may be, is entitled to pay;
but if he has been guilty of no official delin-
quency whatever, and is removed by the Presi-
dent during the recess of the Senate simply for
the purpose of giving place to a person who
will do the behests of the President or of any-
body else, except in the proper discharge of
his official duty, I think he ought not to be
paid till confirmed by the Senate; and I am
willing to stand upon that position before the
country and the people of my own State.
Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. President, I am very
much gratified that the Senator from Vermont
has felt it to be his duty to submit a motion to
reconsider the action of the Senate upon this
amendment, and I think that we ought to dis-
cuss the matter without the slightest political
feeling. It is a question which may become
important, far more important than it appeared
to be at the time it was first introduced by the
Senator from Missouri.
This amendment is attached to an appropria-
tion bill; it is a condition-precedent to the pay-
ment of any money for the support of the Post
Office Department during the next fiscal year.
Unless the President is willing to assent to this
proposition affecting his power to remove and
appoint to office this appropriation bill cannot
pass. If he approves the bill, he approves it
with all the conditions and qualifications at-
tached to the appropriations. It is therefore
a condition to an ordinary appropriation bill,
and unless he does approve it, it must receive
the sanction of two thirds of both branches of
Congress or it cannot become a law; and in the
event of his disapproval we shall either be
called upon to pass tho bill by a two-thirds
vote of both branches, or we shall be compelled
to abandon it and to lose the appropriations for
the next fiscal year for the Post Office Depart-
ment.
During the short period of my service in Con-
gress I have passed through three or four scenes
of this kind. Once the arbitrary will of one
man in this body defeated the Post Office appro-
priation bill to the serious detriment of the pub-
lie service and to the severe loss of the Treas-
ury. That was the case of the defeat of the
Post Office appropriation bill in 1859 by Robert
Toombs in the Senate. On another occasion,
last year, by a political amendment attached
by the House of Representatives to the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill under the lead of a
prominent gentleman in that House, an amend-
ment which the Senate disapproved of and
which the House sought to force upon the Sen-
ate, the result was the defeat of the miscella-
neous appropriation bill to the very serious loss
of the Treasury and very great inconvenience
to the different Departments of the Govern-
ment. There is another case where a condi-
tion proposed to be appended to an appro-
priation bill caused great injury to tho public
credit.
In view of these circumstances I always hes-
itate when conditions are proposed to appropri-
ation bills. I do not doubt the power of Con-
gress to attach these conditions. We have the
unlimited power over the public Treasury. No
money can be drawn from the Treasury without
an appropriation made by law, j£> which each
House must assent; and therefore the Senate
may, as a condition-precedent, impose terms
upon the House of Representatives, or that
House may impose upon the Senate, or both
Houses may upon tho President. The Constitu-
tion gives us that power ; but I say it is a power
which ought never to be exercised, and these
political conditions ought never to be attached
to appropriation bills unless it is to accomplish
some great overriding good which is greater
and higher than the evil of the defeat of an
appropriation bill. That principle cannot be
varied. We cannot attach qualifications or con-
ditions to these bills unless we seek to accom-
plish some overriding good that cannot be
accomplished in any other way, and to accom-
plish which we are willing to risk the defeat of
the ordinary appropriations of the Government.
That is a principle which cannot be departed
from ; and therefore, as a general rule, it is
never wise to attach to these bills which are
intended for the support of the Government
any conditions or qualifications of a political
character. What is the consequence of it?
The Executive may differ from Congress. It
has been so in the past. Many times Congress
has differed from the President. Suppose that
Congress exorcising its power over the public
money should attach conditions to appropria-
tion bills which are not agreed to by the Presi-
dent, what is the result? Revolution; either
the President will then be compelled in viola-
tion of the Constitution to seize upon the public
Treasury and pay the expenses of your Govern-
ment, contrary to lav,' and contrary to his oath
of office, or else he will have to suspend the
operations of the Government. Suppose this
amendment should lead to an open breach
between Congress and the President, what can
he do? There is the Post Office Department
which affects every man's house and home,
which carries his letters from his wife, from his
children, which transacts all his business of
that character, which affects all the intimate
relations of life—are we to endanger the ordi-
nary appropriations for this great branch of the
public service by a mere political controversy
between Congress and the President as to his
power of removing public officers?
I say that now is the time for us to consider
this question before it goes further and before
any such breach is made. It may be said that
the President will sign this bill with this con-
dition in it. I hope he will if it passes ; but
suppose he should not do so, we shall then have
the question before us, and I prefer to meet
it now. As a general rule to be applied in all
eases, both in this and all other Administra-
tions, I am opposed to attaching conditions to
the appropriation bills. When Mr. Buchanan
was in power, when Mr. Pierce was in power
we had similar questions up and I always op-
posed any such efforts.
I say, then, that we ought to meet at the out-
set ev(5ry effort to attach these political or dis-
puted problems to an appropriation bill. There
is no excuse, let me say to my fellow-Senators,
for this proposition at this particular time, be-
cause we in Congress, representing the great
Union party of the United States, supported,
as I believe we are, by the great mass of the
people, probably ninety-nine out of every hun-
dred of those who sent us here, have the power
to pass the laws we think necessary, without
attaching them as qualifications to an appro-,
priation bill. We can pass any law which meets
the sanction of our political party, by, the
requisite vote, either of a majority, or, in case
of a clear proposition, by a two-thirds vote.
There is, therefore, no occasion, in order to
accomplish any political objcct, to attach this
as a condition to an appropriation bill. If,
however, only a majority of both Houses of
Congress could agree upon any bill that might
be proposed, that shows that we ought not to
attach that opinion of a majority of each House
to an appropriation bill, because we should not
force upon the President any provision of law
against his deliberate judgment unless we have
the power to do it by the constitutional vote of
two thirds of both Houses. We should not
make the public necessities which demand that
certain Departments of the Government be
supplied with public funds a reason for forcing
upon the President a provision that might not
meet his sanction if it stood alone. It is impos-
sible, it seems to me, to combat this plain
proposition.
But, sir, beyond that—and upon this point
alone I rested my argument before—I was
willing to meet the object embraced by the
amendment of the Senator from Missouri; but
upon an examination it was found, and I think
very clearly proved, that the law of 1863 met
all the difficulty that he proposed to meet, and
that was an attempt on the part of the Presi-
dent to fill offices the vacancies in which occur
during the session of the Senate. The law of
1863 provides for that case. If the President
after the adjournment of the Senate under-
takes to fill an office the vacancy in which
occurred during the session of the Senate, he
does it without the authority of the Constitu-
tion. He has no power to fill vacancies which
occur during the session of the Senate, except
by and with the advice and consent of the
Senate; and if he attempts in violation of the
Constitution to exercise a power not conferred
by the Constitution, we are then perfectly jus-
tified in withholding appropriations; indeed,
we should not do our duty unless we did with-
hold the appropriations, because if we should
pay officers thus illegally appointed we should
consent to a violation of the Constitution on
his part. But now in the case provided for
by this amendment there is no denial of the
power of removal, but a denial of the right of
the officer to reccive his money. The Constitu-
tion provides for two classes of appointments:
one class where a vacancy occurs during the
session of the Senate; it must be filled by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate;
the other is the case of a vacancy which occurs
during a recess of the Senate, and then the
President from the nature of things and by the
express provision of the Constitution has the
power of appointing a man to office to fill that
vacancy, but the vacancy is only filled by such
an appointment until the end of the following
session of the Senate. The officer thus ap-
pointed by the President is a legal officer. As
1 said the other day there is no power conferred
by the Constitution upon the President to re-
move any one from office. That power is only
inferential. That power may be regulated by
law. That power is not limited or restrained
in the least by the amendment of the Senator
from-Illinois. The amendment does not say
that a Union man shall not be removed from
office and a rebel put in. That seems to be
the proposition he debated ; but that is not the
proposition he has submitted to us. He says
that no man shall be removed from office
except for such and such causes; that is, a man
who during this whole war has enjoyed the
honors and emoluments of office shall not be
turned out and a loyal Union soldier put in.
That is one effect of his amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Except by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is after the session
is over. If there is a man who has held an office
during all the years of the war, and received its
emoluments, he shall not be turned out and a
Union soldier without a leg or an arm put in,
or if put in that soldier shall not draw his pay
until the Senate meets and passes upon the
reasons for the removal, and then if the Senate
does not think the removal is sufficiently justi-
fiable by the reasons stated, he shall not have
any pay at all. That is the effect of this pro-
vision. This, therefore, does not reach the
purpose contemplated by the Senator from Illi-
nois. His purpose, I know, is to prevent the
President from removing men for their politi-
cal opinions; that we all know to be the
purpose; but the President has, by the very
terms of the amendment, the power to remove.
