1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
397
he has been dependent upon his master;
he has leaned upon him for support. That
is his habit, that is his education, that is his
nature ; and in so far as this bill makes provis-
ion that will tend to foster and keep up this
influence over the negro, 1 think the bill is
vicious. Are not the provisions of this bill
of a nature calculated to produce that result?
Does it not provide homes for him, purchase
lands for him, hold out inducements to him
still to be dependent upon the Government,
which is to make provision for his wants, to
provide a house for him to live in, a school for
him where he may be educated, an asylum in
which he may find refuge in times of distress
and helplessness, and various other proposi-
tions, all looking to the same result—the foster-
ing of (he habit in the negro of leaning and
relying upon some other power for help and
support?
M y idea is that the negro would be most ben-
efited by such a policy as would place him as
soon as possible upon his own responsibility,
and in that situation would protect him in the
enjoyment of all his rights and privileges. He
would be sooner elevated in the scale of hu-
manity; he would sooner acquire habits of
industry and self-subsistence. It seems to me
that (lie provisions of this bill to some extent
would have a deleterious effect upon the negro,
because it would still pander to his native hab-
its of reliance upon others for suppoit and pro-
tection and provision. 1 shall, therefore, vote
with the less reluctance for striking out this sec-
tion, because I believe it contains within it, to
some extent, a vicious principle. But I am con-
strained to vote against it because I believe
Congress has no power to vest the President
with any such authority as is given to him in
this bill, has no power to purchase lands, has
no power to make itself a landlord and to re-
ceive the black men as tenants under it, has no
power to purchase land to build schools and
asylums ; and in that respect it comes in con-
flict with another principle which has been very
popular here; it does make a distinction on
account of color between the two races.
Mr. DAVIS. One word in reply to the hon-
orable Senator from "West Virginia. He ad-
vertedto the picture of indolence, of vagrancy,
and of poveity (hat [ had drawn of the negro,
and attiibuted that to the fact that the negroes
who had those habits, and were in that condi-
tion, received no reward for tlicir labor. I beg
to inform my honorable friend that it was the
free negro exclusively of whom I was talking
and whom I was describing. The slave negro
is made to work, or has been heretofore, by his
master. His health and his comforts were all
cared for. He was fully ami comfortably fed,
well clothed, well housed, taken care of in his
sickness and in his old age. All these features
of the slave negro depart, in the State of Ken-
tucky. and have done so from time immemorial,
from the freed negro the moment he is turned
out to the enjovment of his freedom.
Why. sir, the vagabondnegroesthatarehover- ,
ing over this Capitol like a dark cloud have been !
allured from labor to idleness by the measures !
of Congress. It is such measures as this that. !
seduce them from labor, from throwing them- J
selves upon their own resources, as the honora- ]
hie Senator from West Virginia says thev ought
to be thrown, and that brings them here. * if you i
would just introduce measures (hat would start '
these lazy, indolent negroes from this Capitol !
out, to work, they could themselves make enough
to subsist all the paupers, and ten times as many,
in this District of Columbia. This is only one
rendezvous of lazy, indolent negroes. There
are thousands of them scattered all over the
whole of the slave States. Sir, change your
policy; introduce measures that will drive these
negroes from the cities, that will start them out
to work, and to work upon their own responsi-
bility. There is no truth in the idea of these
negroes becoming the dupes and the victims of
the while man. There is no truth in it.
My honorable colleague gave a picture of
what has always been the policy of Kentucky,
and the laws of Kentucky, toward tree negroes.
With a few exceptions, they have all the civil
rights that any white raan has. They are sub-
ject to some severer penalties: for instance,
rape committed by a white man is punishable
by confinement in the penitentiary ; when per-
petrated by a negro upon a white woman, it is
punishable by death, and it will be so punish-
able in that State until the last trump blows.
All the legislation that may be devised by Con-
gress, and all the oppressive and unjust dis-
criminations sought to be introduced against
the white man, and to stifle the reserved rights
of the States, to overthrow their governments
and their independence of legislation—all these
measures will never drive the State of Ken-
tucky from a modification of that law.
The PRESIDING OFFICliK. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Kcntuelcy to strike out the sixth section of the
bill, as amended, upon which the yeas and nays
have been ordered.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 10, nays 32: as follows:
• YEAS—Messrs. Buelralew, DnvH Guthrie, Hend-
ricks, Mcl>ou?all, A'esmith, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Yv'il-
lcy. and Wright—II).
NAYS—M v.;':-'. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Conner, Crncrin, Dixon, i)oohttlevIY'ssenden, Jl'oot.
Gnmeri, Ilarii«, Howard, Howe, Kirkwood, Lane of
Indiana, Moi^an, Morrill, Noiton, Nj e, Poland, llaili-
sey, Sherman, Spra^nc, Stewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winkle, Wade, Wilson, and Yates—32.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Cre.swcll, Foster. John-
son, Lane of Kansas, Pomoroy, Stockton, and Wil-
liams—8.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ments made in committee have been severally
concurred in. The hill is still open to amend-
ment.
Mr. SUMNER. If I can have the attention
of the chairman of the committee for one mo-
ment, I propose to him to insert after the word
''refugees," in the fourth line of the fourth sec-
tion, as amended, the words1' male and female,''
so that it shall he applicable to women as well
as men. I do not doubt that in point of lawas
it stands now it will be so applicable, but there
are persons who have raised a question with
regard to that, and in order to satisfy them and
relieve their anxiety, 1 propose that we shall
introduce those words, so that there .shall be no
question about it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If it will be satisfactory
to any friend of the bill to have those words
inserted, I see no objection to them, but I cer-
tainly see no necessi tv i'or them. '1 Precdmen''
and ''refugees" are general terms, embracing
all of them.
Mr. SAULSBURY. I believe that in a very
ancient law book, perhaps the most ancient one
known to good lawyers, it is said that." Cod
created man in his own image ; in the image of
God created He him; male and female created
He them."
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the amendment proposed by the Senator
from Massachusetts.
The amendment -was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. I move to amend the bill in
section one, line seven, by inserting after the
words " United States" the words "in which
the laws cannot lie administered in the civil
courts so that it will read:
That the act to establish a, Bureau for the Belief
of i-Vccdincn and Refugees, appioved March lS'o,
shall continue ill torce until otherwise provider! hv
law, and shall,extend to letuirees ,iud frcodincn in all
pair-, of the United ,Stutc^ in which the laws cannot
lie administered in the civil courK and the President
may divide the section of country, &c.
I ask for the yeas and n.ays upon this amend-
ment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mi\ DAVIS. T will explain this amendment
in a single word. The honorable Senator from
Michigan, who is not only the putative, but I
believe the real father of this measure, in con-
nection probably with a little counsel from the
office of the Attorney General, said a few days
ago that the object of the creation of the tri- !
bunals under tins measure, and of the exercise |
of their jurisdiction, was to operate in Stales j
where the law could not be executed in the civil I
courts. My simple proposition of amendment
is this: that this measure shall not apply to any
State where the civil law can be executed in
the eivil courts, and that is the whole of it.
Mr. HOWARD. If the honorable Senator
from Kentucky alluded to me in his reference
to the paternity of this bill he is entirely mis-
taken. _ I have had no connection with the bill
at all, directly or indirectly.
The question being taken by yeas and hays,
| resulted—yeas 10, nays 36; as follows :
YLAS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, MclWall. Nesmith, Riddle, Saulsbnry,
Stockton, and Wright—10.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Chandler, Clark,
Oonness, Cram, Dixon, Doolittle, Fessenden, I'oot,
(mmes, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Howe Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of 3Cansas, Morgan.
Morrill, JSorton, IS ye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey,
Sherman, Sprnguc, Stewart. Sumner, Trumbull,
Van \\ inkle, Wade, Willoy, Williams, Wilson, and
Yates—oG.
ABSENT—Messrs. Cowan, Creswell, Foster, and
Johnson—1.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. McDOUGALL. I move to amend the
bill by striking out all after the enacting clause
and inserting the following as a substitute:
That, the President lie empowered and directed to
execute the Constitution, and laws enacted nnderthe
same, for tne protection and benefit of freedmen and
refugees, and that he may u^c such of tho military
force of the country for this purpose as ho may find
ncccssary.
Mr. DAYIS. I do not think that amend-
ment is in order at the present time. It will be
in order, if I undestand the rules of the Sen-
ate, when all the amendments to the original
bill are disposed of. The bill is to be per-
fected, to use a hackneyed parliamentary term,
before a proposition to substitute another meas-
ure in lieu of it is in order.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The amend-
ment is in order at the present lime; but before
the question is taken on striking out, it will be
in order for the Senator from Kentucky, or any
other Senator, to amend the part proposed to
be stricken out.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I move
this proposition as a substitute for the entire
bill. \Ye are now engaged in the very vain
work of undertaking by legislation to adminis-
ter upon such tilings as may be the accident of
the hour or tho'accident of the day. We are
undertaking to provide general rules and laws
that pertain to government, in and about busi-
ness that belongs properly to administration.
There are three departments of government rec-
ognized under our system: the legislative, as
being nearest the organizing power, the execu-
tive, and the judicial; the latter two properly
subject to the former more or loss in point of
real dignity, yet made equal in power in their
several spheres. All that belongs to the man-
agement of the enfranchised slave must neces-
sarily depend upon judicious administration.
What may be necessary in Louisiana may not
be necessary in Maryland. What may be ne-
cessary in South Carolina may not be necessary
in Kentucky. Tt is a question of administration
to be applied wisely. This Freedmen's Bureau
is the result of an organization under the ex-
ecutive power of the United States. All its au-
thority, after all, rests upon that. It is a mat-
ter of administration. The President of the
United States, being clothed with proper au-
thority, may realize all that can be desired,
applying administration to the various points
where administration is required, justly, ac-
cording to circumstances. 2nto general law, no
general system of administration, no general
popular judiciary, will answer that as well as
the application of the Constitution and laws,
protecting all persona, carrying out the spirit
of the constitutional amendment, laws parsed
in pursuance of it protecting them with the
judgment of our Chief Executive so far as they
need protection. It. is the best way, the most
economical way, and tho most, constitutional
way that we can express the power of this Gov-
ernment to protect the freedmen under the pro-
vision in the Constitution that all laws made in
pursuance of it by Congress shall belong to the
supreme law of the land. It will be infinitely
better; it will save complexity. Our legislation
