1462
THE CONGRESSIONAL : GLOBE.
Mareii 16,
- Mr; SCO FIELD. Has a session been or-
dered. for this evening?
The SPEAKER. There will be a session
this evening unless' otherwise ordered by the
House, which can only be done by adopting a
motion to adjourn before the hour for the recess
arrives.
Mr. ROSS. "I.move, then, that the House
adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman cannot
make, that motion without the consent of the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Darling,]
who is entitled to the floor.
Mr. DARLING. Mr. Speaker, the question
of reconstruction and other kindred topics has
absorbed nearly the entire thought, ana action
of Congress up to the present time; prolonged
and comprehensive debate has exhausted the
subject, and wo have now arrived at a point
where its further discussion would seem to be
without profit to ourselves or of much interest
to the country; it is therefore, in my judgment,
fit and proper that we should enter upon the
consideration of other matters of equally grave
importance; supreme among which I regard
the question of the financial policy of the Gov-
ernment, with its collateral subjects of taxation,
tariff, and currency, with a view to the safe and
speedy return to specie payments—" a consum-
mation devoutly to be wished for"—as of the
most momentous consequence. The doubt and
unceitainty that now pervade the public mind
are not without their effect, upon the people and
all the industrial and business pursuits of the
country; in fact this important question enters
into die daily concerns ofus all. In the absence
of a cleaily defined policy, as enunciated by
Congress, distrust and despondency are taking
the place of confidence and hope, which each
day's delay on our part serves only to intensify
and augment.
The subject of our finances has been the
theme of countless essayists throughout the
laud. Numberless articles have appeared in
the public prims and in pamphlet form, which
have had a wide and general circulation among
the people, all calculated to have their effect,
upon their Representatives in forming their
judgment as to the wisest, best, and only safe
and true policy to be adopted in order to in-
sure the stability of the public credit, to retain
the confidence of the people in the ability of
the Governmen-t to meet all its obligations, and
to gradually return lo our normal condition of
a specie basis without at all affecting their
prosperity or happiness. This is our duty, and
I for one approach the subject with some doubt
as to what is the wisest and the best course to
pursue. It isi.ol sajingtoo much, I think, Mv.
.Speaker, when 1 assert that the people have
the (idlest confidence in the patriotism, integ-
rity, and financial ability of the Secretary, and
that in some way best calculated to promote
their interests and that of the whole country
he will solve this financial problem and place
the moneyed interests of the Government upon
a sure and stable foundation. Let us, therefore,
come up lo this great, work with all the light
and knowledge wo possess. Let us place on high
a beacon whose light shall be so steady and
strong that all classes of our people can steer
their bark upon ^this perilous sea of financial
dillieulties to a haven of quiet and safety.
To my mind the most important work of all
is the funding of the seven-thirty notes which
mature within thirty months. This is the first
work to be done, and to the accomplishment
of that object all the efforts and energies of
the Secretary should at once and continuously
be given, until the wholeainountof$830,000,000
is funded. Now, it is obvious that in order to
induce the holders to part with an investment
so lucrative and convenient, and which it must
beboraein mind ispayableinlegal-tendernotcs,
that we must offer them another investment in
exchange equally, if not more, desirable. Are
the five-twenty bonds, with interest at six pol-
ecat.. payable in gold, such an investment? I
an-'u'er, yes. at this time, and it should be our
policy, as 1 believe if, is the intention of the Sec-
retary, fopreservethepreponderance infavorof
the five-twenty bonds, or what, in my judgment,
would be still better, to create a bond_ having
thirty years to nin, at six per cent, interest,
payable, principal and interest, in coin, any
time after thirty years, at the option of the Gov-
ernment. This bond would absorb rapidly by
conversion the seven-thirty loan and such other
short loans as it might be necessary to provide
for. No resumption of specie payments can
take plaCe until these notes are funded; that
done the Government has nothing to fear, and
what now appears so remote that "distance
lends enchantment to the view" will be within
our reach and control.
The compound-interest notes (legal tenders)
now held principally by the banks and other
corporations, amounting, if I am correct, to
about one hundred and eighty millions, should
be gradually extinguished and paid off out of
the surplus revenues of the- country, thus re-
ducing the debt. This could be effected by
receiving ten or fifteen per cent, of the custom
duties in these notes, to be cancelcd as fast
as received, and provide by law for the pay-
ment of the whole amount within five years at
farthest, in equal annual installments, interest
to be stamped paid when due on the face of
the notes, and permitted to float until paid off
as before stated and required. These notes,
although inert, still must be regarded as cur-
rency, and their withdrawal by payment or con-
version is practically a contraction of the cur-
rency, as the banks will be compelled to supply
their place with non-interest legal-tender notes.
Tims having funded the seven-thirty notes and
certificates of indebtedness and provided for the
gradual withdrawal of the compound-interest
notes, the return to specie payments can be as-
sured without disturbing the business interests
of the country, or creating any sudden revul-
sions in trade. Prices will gradually adapt them-
selves to the anticipated change in our finan-
cial condition, the confidence of the people will
be secured and held, and Ihcir faith will make
the greenback worth its face in coin.
The only provision in the bill now under
consideration that I object to—now the section
is stricken out providing for a foreign loan,
and which would lie repugnant to the senti-
ments of the American people—is the power
given to the Secretary to fund the non-interest
legal-tender notes. "I am not afraid to trust
the Secretary with large, and what might be
considered in some eases dangerous power,
'('he condition of our finances would seem to
demand that lie who drives the team should
hold the reins and have authority to put on
the brake when the vehicle is going down hill.
It seems to me unwise and unnecessary to ex-
change a loan which has gone into all the
avenues of trade, and bears no interest, for
one that does. It does not appear either that
there is at present any great redundancy of the
currency. The value of the United States notes
is slowly but surely appreciating to the gold
standard. Before the war the whole amount
of paper currency-was, 1 believe, about two
hundred millions; but then the deficiency in
the currency was supplied by credits, notes of
hand, and other evidences of indebtedness,
issued by firms and individuals, resting upon
persona! responsibility and liable to misfor-
tune and loss. Currency now, in a great
measure, takes the place "of credits, and the
business of the country in the exchange of
commodities is done for Uncle Sam's prom-
ises to pay instead of those of John Doe and
Richard Roe. Can anything be better, be
safer as a circulating medium for the people,
or less likely to bring loss upon the holder,
than an obligation that rests on the property
of the whole country, and has for its security
the faith and patriotism of the greatest and
freest people on the face of the globe? I will
here read an extract from an article on national
currency which appeared in the North Amer1
ican Review, and seems appropriate in this
connection:
"The Government issued its own notes, four hun-
dred millions of them, payable at no definite period
receivable for all loans made to the United States,
and a legal tender for all debts, public and private
except interest on these loans and duties on imports.
These provisions give an actual value to tho notes
superior to that of bank notes, so that, being pre-
ferred by the people, they may take tho place of the
latter and thus become a- national currency. They
are issued by a sovereign Power which receives them
in payment for debts due to it, and obliges individ-
uals to receivethem in like manner. They are issueij
on th'c credit of the nation, not on that of a private
corporation. A vast domain, the richest in the world
in gold and silver, in coal and iron, in cotton and to-
bacco, in wheat and corn, in stone and timber, in
flocks and herds, is mortgaged tosecure them. Thirty,
million people of the most industrious, energetic, and'
enterprising race on «arth have indorsed them. If
thus supported they are the best currency that ever
a nation had—better than gold andsiver;_ such a cur-
rency as was never dreamed of in the'philosophy of
the framers of the Constitution."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I think it will be unne-
cessary for me to show any further the value
of this currency and its importance to the peo-
ple, and, in view of their appreciation and
almost controlling absorption of it throughout
the country, how little it will affect the ques-
tion of the resumption of specie payments,
when the great and only peril to o'ur finance is
averted by the conversion of our interest-bear-
ing notes and short loans in the long bonds of
the Government. That done and it can resume
to-morrow. With the amount of gold now in the
Treasury and being constantly received, there
could at no time be concentrated an amount of
currency for redemption that the Government
could not promptly pay in coin. Let this pol-
icy be established—let it be known to the peo-
ple that the Government, under the condition
of things enumerated, can and will at some day
not far distant redeem its legal tenders in
coin at any place and at any time, and you
will see the premium on gold rapidly fall; and
when the notes are of the value of coin no one
will (except for extraordinary purposes) want
coin for them, and so forth from the hidden
recesses of the country will come the hoarded
stores of gold and silver that have lain dormant
and useless throughout the last five years.
The national bank currency amounting on
the 1st of March to $257,000,000, resting upon
the legal tender and secured by the bonds of
the Government, can be always redeemed in
legal tenders, which being redeemable them-
selves in gold and silver will answer the pur-
pose and perform the duty of coin itself.
And now, sir, before I close these remarks,
which have already extended over more space
and occupied more time' than I intended, let
me say what I think we should do in the mat-
ter of taxation and tariff.
In the first place the tariff should be so ad-
justed as to afford the fullest protection to our
home industry; labor, the dignity, wealth, and
power of the nation, must be protected against
foreign competition; the extravagance of the
people should be checked, by controlling and
prohibiting excessive importations; our manu-
facturers, whose products are brought in dircct
competition with those of foreign countries, and
who are obliged to pay a large revenue tax,
should be placed on a par at least with the sell-
ers of foreign goods, by the imposition of a
revenue tax on all sales of foreign goods equal
in amount to the tax imposed upon our own
manufactured articles. I would release from
taxation all incomes below $2,000, and make the
rate of tax uniform above that amount. Persons
living upon salaries and moderate fixed incomes
find the tax on incomes as at present oppressive.
I would abolish 511 taxes upon many of tho
actual necessaries of life, and wherever and
whenever 1 could discriminate in favor of the
poor, place a tax on the three great leading
articles of cotton, tobacco, and distilled spir-
its sufficient to meet any deficiency caused by
deduction on other things, and inaugurate and
pursue a course of wise and judicious economy
in all public expenditures, at the same time
preserving the character and power of the na-
tion, not forgetting to reward by the payment
of bounties our brave men who stood by the
flag of the Union in the hour of its direst need;
encourage and stimulate the immigration of
the honest and sturdy labor of Europe to our
shores, to settle'oii bur broad and fertile plains,
develop the hidden wealth of gold and silyet
