1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2423
have entire control over this question, and that
if the President should appoint, during the
coming summer, men that we are not in favor
of, we can control those appointments next
winter. Let me ask the Senator, if the Pres-
ident can, immediately after the Senate ad-
journs, remove an officer and thereby create a
vacancy, and can fill that vacancy, to last until
the last day of the next session of the Senate,
what is there to prevent his doing the same
thing at the end of the next session, and so
continue making vacancies always immedi-
ately after the adjournment of the Senate?
Because, if tlie policy heretofore adopted by
preceding Administrations be carried out. the
President can create a vacancy at any moment
he chooses by turning an officer out, and when
a vacancy is created of course he can fill it.
Then what control has the Senate over it? If
the Senate rejects the appointment, the vacancy
has been created, and of conrse the President
can appoint somebody else. What control
have we over it?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have already stated that
we can declare that an officer shall hold his
office only for such a term, and that he shall
not be removed, or we may take away from the
President the power to appoint these officers,
or give it to another department or officer.
Mr. HENDERSON. I thought that was the
object of this amendment.
'Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, as I am
in favor of reconsidering this proposition and
rejecting the proposed amendment, it may be
oper for me to state my reasons, as they are
somewhat different from any reasons that I
have heard. If my views had been expressed
by any other Senator I should not take this
occasion to trouble the Senate with any re-
marks on this subject.
I have no doubt of the power of Congress to
refuse to pay the appointees named in this
amendment, or to refuse to pay anybody else,
or to refuse to pass any appropriation bills what-
ever. I do not think there is any doubt about
jhe power of the President to veto any bill that
we may pass. I do not think there is any ques-
tion of power involved, because that is ample.
We can refuse to pass any bill or make any
appropriation : but it is a question of policy, a
question of a correct line of conduct. Inas-
much as it has been the habit in this Govern-
ment for the last thirty years for the President
of the United States to remove officers during
the vacation of Congress and to appoint and
commission others, and for the Governmentto
pay them, there must be some new condition
of things to make a law of this kind necessary
at this particular time. It has not been the
policy of Congress for the last thirty years to
pass a law of this kind, and of course there
must be some special reason now influencing
Congress inducing them to pass such a law at
the present time.
I have heard a great deal about the Presi-
dent's policy and the policy of Congress. I
have heard a great deal about sustaining the
policy of the President and sustaining the
policy of Congress. The object of this amend-
ment, so far as I have been able to learn from
the course of this discussion, is to prevent the
President from using this patronage in support
of his policy. The world will so understand
it. I believe that has been avowed here upon
this floor. I do not think any one doubts that
the object of this legislation is to prevent the
President from using the power of his patron-
age to sustain his policy, it is said, as against
the policy of Congress. If it be true that the
President has a very bad policy, a policy that
will be entirely destructive to the country, and
Congress has a very good policy that will save
the country, then it may be well to exercise
this extraordinary power, unusual as it is ; but
that involves too extended a discussion for the
present time. There is no danger until Con-
gress does adjourn. While Congress is in ses-
sion the Senate can reject all the appointments
of the President; they need not confirm any
of his appointments that are not suitable, and
consequently no evil can arise until after the
adjournment.
I suggest whether it would not be well to
wait until the policy of Congress shall be devel-
oped, so that we can compare it with the pol-
icy of the President, after we know exactly
what the policy of Congress is. I admit that I
do not understand the policy of Congress, and
I do not wish to commence a war on the Pres-
ident as such per se until we get in a position
to know whether we agree or not. It seems
to me we should devote ourselves to the all-
important question of knowing exactly how we
stand, and what we intend to do. and then
there will be time enough to take all the neces-
sary means to defend that policy when it is
known. I have differed sometimes with the
President, and sometimes with the majority of
Congress, and I expect I shall continue to do
so, and to exercise my judgment upon all
questions; but when I see that Congress has a
better plan than the President, I .shall take
every means 1 can to vindicate that plan.
Now, what are the plans of the two, so far
as they have been ascertained and developed?
I appeal to Senator^ and ask them what are
the plans of the two, and what do they propose
to accomplish? I have never indorsed the
President's plan in full; I have always had
objections to it, and stated them on all occa-
sions ; it does not meet the whole question;
but it is a plain and simple plan. He says to
us, "Admit loyal members at once; restore
the Union on that basis; retain your test oath ;
admit those who can take that test oath ; and
recognize the States as they existed." Some
of us are not satisfied with that. It is possible
that we shall never get anything better, how-
ever, in this Congress.
Now, what is the policy of Congress? That
is the most difficult thing to ascertain that I
know of. It is stated that we want security for
the future. I admit that. 1 feel the necessity
of security for the future. I am a warm advo-
cate for all the securities that can be taken for
our republican institutions in the future. I will
go as far as any man in this Congress to obtain
those securities which shall do us some good.
I am not afraid to meet any question, whether
it may be called popular or unpopular, when
the emergency arises to obtain a guarantee for
security for the future ; and I am not" afraid to
advocate any proposition which will give us
security for the future.
The question of negro suffrage has been the
only grand difficulty. I stated to my constitu-
ents before I left home that whenever I came
to the conclusion that negro suffrage was a
necessity as a security for the future in the
reconstruction of these States I should go for
it. I came here. I found both Houses of Con-
gress advocating this theory. I found them
laying down the doctrine that it was the only
security that could be taken. I found them
earnest in its advocacy. In the other House a
bill was introduced granting universal negro
suffrage in the District of Columbia. That bill
drew forth a discussion which will mark the
annals of the history of debate in America to
all time. I read that discussion attentively.
That bill passed the House of Representatives
by more than a two-thirds vote. It came to
the Senate. The Committee on the District of
Columbia, however, saw fit to amend it by re-
stricting the suffrage and rendering it partial;
but on motion of the Senator from Illinois [Mr.
Yatf.s] the bill was recommitted by almost a
unanimous vote of this body, for the avowed
purpose of making suffrage in the District of
Columbia impartial: and from that day on until
the lGth day of March I heard eloquent and
able speeches on this floor upon that question,
declaring that it was the only security that could
be given for the future, and I became satisfied
that Congress would do nothing else. I, how-
ever, continued to mention the difficulties in
the way, the prejudice which existed in nine-
teen northern States that had the word '' white''
in their constitutions. The radical press as-
sailed me; I was assailed in this Chamber and
elsewhere as unsound, because I did not see
my way clear. I could not be convinced that
Congress would stand up to its principles, bat
I was laughed at for so thinking.
While I heard some Senators here contend-
ing for this principle, while I heard the voice
of the press contending for suffrage for the
blacks, I also heard others contending for the
punishment of traitors and the disfranchise-
ment of rebels. I was aware how popular that
cry was; but I reflected that disfranchisement
was the old road to tyranny. I reflected that
it was the effort of faction to disfranchisefaction
that had sunk in oblivion all the republics of
antiquity. 1 reflected that in modern times we
had examples of disfranchisement in Ireland
and Poland. I reflected that Mexico for the
last fifty years had been playing this game
of disfranchisement; that each faction that
would come into power would disfranchise the
others, and the result was anarchy. I reflected
upon the argument that the honorable Sen-
ators made on this floor to the effect that the . 4
evil under which we are now laboring was
the disfranchisement of four million blacks;
that the experiment of disfranchisement in the
South had nearly ruined the country, and
brought on the recent war; that the cause of
that war was the violation of the great prin-
ciple of enfrsMacliisement; and I shuddered at
the idea of adding fuel to this fire, adding
to the disfranchised blacks seven million dis-
franchised whites. I believed that what we
wanted was amnesty and suffrage, I believed
that we wanted amnesty for the rebels, suffrage
for the blacks. I believed that wc wanted to
turn our attention to the principles of de-
mocracy, to put faith in the people. I saw
no other road out of this difficulty, and finally
arriving at the conclusion that Congress was
in earnest, I introduced a resolution proclaim-
ing universal amnesty and impartial suffrage.
I repeat, I came to the conclusion that what
the country wanted was amnesly to t'.e rebels
and an extension, not a limitation, of the suf-
frage; that all our ills had grown out of the
fact that we had deprived four million blacks
of their civil and political liberty, and that viola-
tion of the democratic principle had brought
on this rebellion, and caused all the trouble
we have had.
I know you say these men are rebels and
should be punished. That, is what was said ill
Mexico. That is what was said among the fac-
tions in Rome. It is the same argument that
they used at the time they murdered the Catiline
conspirators. Cato used the same argument,
and in a few years afterward the same argument
was used and drove him from Rome and made
Ciesar imperial. This argument that you use to
disfranchise men leads to despotism, and it is a
dangerous argument. It has been for insubordi-
nation, for treason, that the majority of mankind
have been disfranchised ; and you cannot show
an instance on record where any good result
has come from disfranchisement. On the other
hand, we have some glorious examples of the
beneficial results of a contrary policy. Scot-
land was enfranchised. Ireland disfranchised;
compare the two. Compare our own progress
with that of Poland. We have been enfran-
chised, Poland disfranchised. We were ena-
bled to throw off the yoke when Great Britain
attempted to disfranchise us. AVe have an ex-
ample of the evil effects of disfranchisement
in our own country. We found that the attempt
to disfranchise th e negroes, inferior as they are,
few in numbers as they are, compared with the
rest of our population, shook fjjiis great Re-
public from center to circumference, and now
threatens its overthrow. However you may
'•beat about the hush," I believe on full reflec-
tion that if this controversy is ever settled you
will come down to the principle of impartial
suffrage and universal amnesty, or as near as
may be. The mere exclusion of a few leaders
from office is immaterial, one way or the other,
hut you must come down to that principle if
vou ever have a settlement,
Now, what is the policy of Congress on thia
