1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3383
[thirty-two] thirty, line thirty-three, I move to
strike out the words "one eighth of one per
cent." and to insert "such fee as may be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
llevenue."
The amafcdmeut was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. On page 192, section
[thirty-three] thirty-one, line seven, I move
to strike out the words "one quarter of one
per cent." and to insert "suoh fee as may be
prescribed by the Commissioner of Internal
Revenue."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 14, lines one
hundred and eight and otic hundred and nine,
I move to strike out the words "special tax
or income" and to insert " special or income
tax."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 78, line sev-
enteen hundred and ten, I move to strike out
the words "in this act levied or provided" and
to insert "imposed by law."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On the same page,
line seventeen hundred and twelve, I move to
strike out the words "herein specified."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 100, line
twenty-two hundred and forty-one, at the end
of the clause, I move to insert the words " men-
tioned in this paragraph."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 108, line
one hundred and eighty-nine, after the word
"yeast" I move to insert "and baking;" so
as to place "yeast and baking powders" on
the free list.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 199, section
[thirty-seven] thirty-five, line thirty-live, 1 move
to strike out the word "and" and to insert
"or," so as to read "distillery or warehouse."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 207, line
forty-two of section [forty-three ] forty-one, I
move to insert the word "the" before "exe-
cution."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. On page 210, section
[forty-five] forty-three, line fourteen, I move
to strike out the words " right, title, and inter-
est in and to," and to insert " property in."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DAVIS. On page ] 05, line sixty, after
the word " prescribe," 1 move to strike out the
following words:
Of tho number of pounds or gallons of materials
used for the purpose of producing spirits.
Mr. President, I never read a bill in my life
with so much aversion as I have read the bill
under consideration. It is, I suppose, a neces-
sity and a dire necessity that the country should
have such a system of internal revenue; but
in all its multifarious and complicated details it
throws more distrustupon the people upon whom
it is to operate and more of degradation and
oppression than any measure that it has ever
been my fortune to read. The whole bill and
all its provisions proceed upon the general idea
that all the people that it is to act upon are
knaves and plunderers; and the whole machin-
ery of the bill is studded with bonds and oaths
and punishments by fine and imprisonment. I
presume that those features cannot be obliter-
ated from the bill, and that the bill will have
to pass with a large proportion of them in. But,
sir, where it is possible to mitigate the bill by
striking from it any of these obnoxious regu-
lations I think it ought to be done, and I think
that I make a proposition of that character in
the amendment which I have submitted to the
Senate. The bill requires that all distillers-
Shall from day to day make, or causc to bo made,
true and exact entry m a book, to bo kept m such
form as the Commiwoncr of Internal Revenue may
proscribe,*of the number of pounds or nations of
materials used for tho purpose of producing spirits,
the number of gallons of spuits distilled, the num-
ber of gallons placed in warehouse and the proof
thereof, and tho number of gallons sold, with tho
proof, thereof. and the name and placoof business
or residence of the person to whom sold.
In a page or two afterwards the bill pro-
vides—
.That tho ownor, agent, or superintendent of any
distillery establishment as horoinbel'oro provided,
shall erect, in a room or building to be provided and
used for that purpose, and for no ether, two or more
receiving cisterns, each to lie at least of sufficient
capacity to hold all the spirits distilled during the
day of twenty-four hours, into one of which shall bo
conveyed each day all tho spirits manufactured in
said distillery during that day; and such cistcrns
shall be so constructed as to leave an open space of
at least three feet between the tops thereof and tho
tloor or roof above, and of not less than eighteen
inches between tho bottoms thereof and the tloor
below, and shall be separated in such a manner as
will enable tho inspector to pass around the same,
and shall be connected with tho outlet of the stills,
boilers, or other vessels used for distilling, bysuitablo
pipes or other apparatus so constructed as always to
be exposed to tile view of the inspector.
Now, sir, we have all heard of the coffin of
Mohammed being suspended, uud being sus-
tained upon no foundation. These cisterns are
the nearest device to that collin of Moluimmcd
that I have ever heard of or met with in the
course of my reading.
But to the point. The distillers arc to report
from day to day the produce in liquor of their
distillations, and in addition to that, tlioy are
to be emptied into these cisterns, so constructed
that the inspectors may go allj-ound them, and
see whether there are any false vaults below
them in which liquor, I suppose, could ho
emptied. Where is the necessity of the dis-
tiller being required to enter upon his day-book,
day by day and report three times a month to
the collector, the number of pounds or gallons
of materials used for the purpose of producing
spirits, when he is required inexorably to report
the produce of the spirits from day to day, and
he is to empty them into a cistern where it
would be impossible that the whole quantity
distilled should not be deposited, and upon
which lie would be subject to be taxed accord-
ing to the rates established by the bill?
I feel a particular hostility to this provision
from this consideration : in a county contigu-
ous to my own there were four distillers indicted
for a violation of the law. and they were fined
in an aggregate of exceeding $14,000. It ap-
peared in the eourso of the evidence that the
distillers had fairly accounted for all the liquor
that they had distilled and had paid the lax
upon it, not according to the proof measure
established by the law, but according to wine
measure, and therefore had paid more tax to
the Government than they were bound to pay;
and the only feature of the law that they had
violated, and that through their innocent and
blameless ignorance, was a failure to report
from day to day the amount of the grain that
they had used in mash. In the trial of those
cases that, took place in the United States dis-
tiiet court for Kentucky a few weeks since, the
distillers vindicated their perfect integrity by
showing that they had accounted for every gill
of liquor that they had made, and had paid the
full tax upon it by wine measure; and yet, they
were pursued in that trial upon the charge of
having violated the law which required them
from day to day to enter into a book the amount
in weight of their mash. Those distillers ap-
pealed to headquarters, if I may use the term,
for relief. I do not know whether they got it
or not. They had no intention of violating the
law or of committing any fraud upon the Gov-
ernment, and they did in fact commit no fraud
upon the Government. On the contrary, they
accounted to the Government and paid tax
upon more liquor than they had made, accord-
ing to the proofs established by the law itself;
and yet some sharks of olliccrs, by the meshes
of this law, were enabled to pursue them to
judgment upon the simple and innocent charge
of having omitted to enter in a book from day
to day the amount in pounds of grain which
they had distilled; and for that simple and
practically inoffensive violation of tho law,
made in utter ignorance on their part, they were
assessed in an aggregate amount of damages
exceeding§14,000. Thosedistillers-wcremostly
distilling their own grain ; two of them, 1 be-
lieve, entirely their own grain. One of them
had made from twenty to forty barrels in a
domestic distillery out of corn raised upon his
own farm ; and the amount of fine imposed
upon him exceeded the entire value of his
whole crop of whisky.
I never in my life have heard of any system
of revenue or any system whatever connected
with the collection of money, that established
so many chances of sweeping oppression and
robbery upon the part of the officers appointed
to carry the system into execution as is embod-
ied in this bill and the bills of which it is the
succcssor. The assessors and their officers laid
in wait, with a knowledge of the careless man-
ner in which these unsophisticated and unin-
formed distillers were transacting their busi-
ness; they knew that they were in daily and
innocent violation of the law; and when their
violation accumulated to such an extent that
by the plunder acquired by the iniquitous and
unjust, enforcement of these penalties, they
were enabled to enrich themselves, the harpies
then pounced upon these innocent men,'and
had them mulcted to the extent that I have
named ; and that in relation to a matter in
the law that was totally immaterial; because
these distillers, admittedly, had reported the
full amount, of their distillations according to
the law, had accounted for it by wine measure,
and yet could not escape from the inexorable
fangs of the law and of tho harpies who were
engaged in its execution.
I will advert to another matter of abuse
under this law. The collector in that district
admitted to me when his name was before the
Senate for confirmation on renomination, that
some of his olliccrs had assessed, for the sim-
ple gauging of the liquor, in some instances,
as high as seven per cent, upon its value, and
in other instances as high as five per cent.
When that is the character of the law, when
that is the system of tyranny and oppression,
with all of its vexations, that the Government
introduces, and men are thus wronged and
robbed and plundered and impoverished for a
violation of its immaterial provisions by tho
olliccrs who ought to be the guardians of the
innocent distillers as well as of tho Govern-
ment, how can it be expected that men thus
robbed and plundered should feel a disposition
to sustain the system or the Government itself?
Mr. President, I want no more war, no more
rebellion. 1 never wanted any. I always be-
lieved if a great iniquity that would produce a
hundred-fold more of mischief and woe to
those who made it than it would to anybody
else. But if the country should ever unfortu-
nately come again to a disposition to rebel,
«hat more fruitful cause of rebellion and of
engendering rebellious feeling could be had
than in such a law as this? Sir, the people do
not belong to the Government. They were
made for some other purposes than to pay
taxes. They have their duties to perform in
life, and other ends to attain as individuals and
as members of a great political community.
The Government by its laws, instead of out-
raging all the customs and habits of the peo-
ple in their ordinary business, ought to accom-
modate itself to tho modes of doing that busi-
ness by tho people. Wherever it be practicable
to make provisions for taxation and collecting
taxes that will observe the habits and modes
of the people in doing their business, those
habits and modes ought to be scrupulously
conformed to and respected by the law. But
this law proceeds upon the contrary principle,
and outrages and disregards all those modes
of doing their own business by the people, and
seeks by its highly penal and punitive provis-
ions to constrain the people to come, to its own
expensive and most vexatious mode of doing
their own business.
Mr. President, I think that a greater good
could not be done to the Government and to
the country, and one that would result in pro-
ducing more of revenue to the Government,
and more of contentment and submission to
this necessarily vexatious measure on the part
of the people, than for those who form these.
