2424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
question? It is not what it appeared to be
when Congress met; and I mean to be under-
stood on this point. I will change every time
I see a principle that I have never discovered
before, but I will not change and-go backward
unless I see a cause and a principle. I say that
the position Congress occupies to-day is not a
strong one. We have before us the report of
aconmiitee on this subject; a committee that
has had great difficulty in agreeing; a commit-
tee composed of worthy and leading men in
both Houses; a committee whose report is re-
garded by the country as extremely important,
as reflecting the sentiments of this body—a
report which I do not now propose to discuss,
but which, if adopted, will become a policy.
But, before we undertake war with others, let
us organize and agree among ourselves and
examine this report, and lay down the rules
that shall govern us. I will look at that report
for a moment, because I think it is important.
The first section of the constitutional amend-
ment reported by the committee, if it stood
alone, would grant universal civil and politi-
cal rights, if it means anything. I think, how-
ever, that that was not the intention. If
that was not the intention, it adds nothing
to the Constitution. It is evident that such
was not the intention, because the second sec-
tion provides for a case wherein the States
deny the suffrage. It admits tiat that is a
part of the programme, that they may deny
suffrage. The second section, which is re-
garded as so all-important, is a provision that
has been discussed in its substantial features
in this body for weeks, and has finally been
voted down. If in making these constitu-
tional amendments we are to be the judges, as
we are from necessity, in our own case—be-
cause wo cannot, until these guarantees are
fixed, allow the South to come back, and we
must judge for them and ourselves—I say then
in examining the amendments, I want to judge
impartially. I say this provision is not impar-
tial. If a move in that direction is to be made,
changing the basis of representation, we should
change it from numbers to voters and not in-
vent an unfair proposition as this is. Being a
judge in my own case, I want to judge fairly.
This section provides, by its practical opera-
tion, for excluding from the basis of represen-
tation the non-voting population of the South
and including the non-voting population of
the North. The non-voting population of the
South, according to the contemplation of this
amendment, are the blacks. They will be
excluded because they are native-born. The
non-voting population of the North are aliens,
and they will be included because they are not
citizens. I say, therefore, that this provision
is unfair, and it will be regarded as unfair in
its operation. If you are going to make a
change in the basis of representation change
it to voters, which I have always contended for.
But I say, furthermore, that I do not believe
there is any necessity for this change. I be-
lieve that if we plant ourselves on the original
principle of democracy, that all the people
shall be trusted to vote, we will find no neces-
sity for these expedients. I hope that before
this session closes we shall arrive at some con-
clusion of that kind. I am opposed to wasting
our strength now in a war with the President
until we have spent our power upon these
amendments and attempted to agree and have
a firm foundation. He can do no harm until
that is done ; and when we have planted our-
selves on the broad principles of democracy
and equal rights to all men, we can stand forth
bold and strong; our principles will fight our
battles for us; but until we have a platform of
principles upon which we can stand, it seems
to me idle to fight the President.
The third section submits a proposition to
the southern States to vote for their own dis-
franchisement. I say that when they vote for
their own disfranchisement they are 110 longer
entitled to freedom, and it should be the work
of the United States to provide a penal colony
for them and send them there. If they will
vote for their own disfranchisement, they are
less than slaves. I propose to call upon them
for the enfranchisement of all men, but I never
will submit to the proposition to call upon the
South to vote for their disfranchisement. It
may be inferred by this time that I am opposed
to some of the provisions of this plan. I shall
not be very enthusiastic in advocating a pro-
vision of this kind in our plan, but 1 do be-
lieve that discussion and time will bring us a
good plan, aud then let us commence our war
on all who oppose our principles; but let ua
organize first.
The fourth section is a good one. It repu-
diates the confederate debt and all claims for
damages for the emancipation of slaves. That
is all right. Then it is provided that these
amendments shall have been adopted by three
fourths of all the States before any one of the
southern States shall be admitted. You are
not calling upon them to act individually.
Their action will do them no good. It seems
to me, as it stands, with a provision calling
upon the South to vote to disfranchise them-
selves and making it impossible for them to
get in unless they will consent to their disfran-
chisement, and postpone their admission until
three fourths of the States adopt these amend-
ments, it is not a very good plan. "While I do
not fully approve of tire President's plan I
freely say that I think the President's plan is
a better one than the plan of the committee.
I believe that we can get a better plan than
either. I do not believe this report reflects the
sentiment of any member of the committee.
I believe it is a compromise of contending
forces and conflicting opinions. They have
gotten wearied of the subject. I believe if we
get it into Congress and discuss it we shall
develop something from this plan which will
be more satisfactory. I do not believe any
gentleman on that committee will say he favors
that entire plan, but he will say, "1 submitted
to it in order to get a report." As it stands
thus, let us postpone any outside issue ; let us
direct our attention to the work of reconstruc-
tion legitimately, and it seems to me fruits
may come of it. We certainly never will agree
upon a plan if we commence warring upon the
President without a plan, distract our forces,
and reduce our majority requisite to pass the
plan when agreed upon ; and consequently 1
hope that this amendment will be withdrawn
and postponed until we know whether the
President agrees with us or whether we differ
from him.
I did not intend to be drawn into a prema-
ture discussion of this question, and perhaps I
have anticipated too far the discussion that
must necessarily arise upon the report of the
committee. I do not intend to despair of get-
ting a good proposition submitted to the coun-
try. I still have the utmost hope. I shall still
do all I can to secure that end. If we can form
none that is feasible, then I shall do all I can
to prevent any special war being made upon
the President, because if we have failed he has
done no more, and we have no right to com-
plain. I want to be distinctly understood that
I shall not vote to destroy what has been ac-
complished by the President until a better plan
of reconstruction has been agreed upon by Con-
gress ; and if he can use his patronage in aid
of his policy let him do it, for unless we have
a plan and a policy to vindicate we will have no
use for patronage.
Mr. HOWE obtained the floor.
Mr. JOHNSON". As I am obliged to leave
the Senate, I appeal to the honorable Senator
to permit me to detain the Senate for about
ten or fifteen minutes only.
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, I do not
know that I made myself understood when this
question was before the Senate on a former
occasion, and it is likely that some of the mem-
bers of the Senate may have supposed that I
was of opinion that it was not in the power of
the Congress of the United States to interfere
with the President's right to remove in any
case. I rise principally for the purpose of
saying that I agree fully with the honorable
member from Ohio, [Mr. Shekman,] that in
relation to all inferior officers, it is competent
for the Congress of the United States to vest their
appointment either in the President alone, or
in the heads of the Departments alone, and to
provide either that they may be turned out by
the party in whose power the appointment "<3
vested or that they may not be turned out. In
the case of Marbury vs. Madison, referred to
by my friend from Missouri [Mr. Hesdebson']
the other day, it will be found that Chief Jus-
tice Marshall, speaking for the whole court in
that case, wont upon the ground that the par-
ticular officer whose commission was involved
being an inferior officer and his appointment
by act of Congress being for the period of five
years, it was not in the power of the President
to remove him during that period; and Mr.
Justice Story, in those passages of the Com-
mentaries to which the honorable member also
referred, takes the same ground, and I have,
never heard it disputed, that it is in the power
of Congress by law to place inferior officers in
a situation to which the power of removal by
the President will not apply, to withhold frojn
him a power which he has uot except with the
consent of Congress, as far as the inferior offi-
cers are concerned. In the absence of any
provision in relation to such inferior appoint-
ments, placing the appointee out of the reach
of the party who isJ;o appoint for the term of
the law, whether he be the President or the
head of a Department or a judge of the court,
it is in the power of the appointing power to
remove ; but it is in the power of Congress to
provide that there shall be no removal in such
cases except upon such terms as Congress them-
selves may provide. The honorable Senator
from Ohio, therefore, in my judgment—and I
can add nothing to the force of his argument—
is clearly right in the opinion that he has ex-
pressed. It is an opinion that I have held for
many, many years. I entertained it after an
examination of the subject during the Presi-
dency of General Jackson.
I said the ^>ther day that the authority of the
President ofthe United States to remove had
not only never been denied by the Supreme
Court in any of the cases in which that ques-
tion was presented, but had been virtually
admitted. The case that I had in my mind—
the name of it, however, I did not for the mo-
ment recollect—was the case of ex parte Hen-
nen, reported in 13 Peters. Hennen was a
clerk ofthe district court of the United States
for Louisiana. The act of Congress gave to
that district judge the authority to appoint the
clerk, and without assigning any cause for his
removal other than the wish to appoint a per-
sonal friend, which appeared in the proceed-
ings, he removed Hennen and appointed some-
body else, and Hennen applied for a mandamus
to compel the district court to reinstate him in
the office. The court, in the opinion as deliv-
ered by Mr. Justice Thompson—as we all know,
one of the ablest judges who ever sat upon that
bench—throughout recognized, as I think, the
authority of the President to remove. I will
read a sentence or two from that part of his
opinion. He says:
"It cannot for a moment be admitted that it was
the intention of the Constitution that those offices
which are denominatedinferiorofficesshould be held
for life. And if removable at pleasure, by whom is
such a removal to be made? In the absence of all
constitutional provision or statutory regulation it
would seem to be a sound and necessary rule to con-
sider the power of removal as incident to the power
of appointment. This power of removal fx-om office
was a subject much disputed and upon which a great
diversity of opinion was entertained in the early his-
tory of this Government. This related, however, to
the power of the President to remove officers ap-
pointed with the concurrence of the Senate; and the
great question wa>«, whether the removal was to be
by the Pi-esident alone or with the concurrence of tho
Senate, both constituting the appointing power. N«
one denied the power of tho President, and Senate,
jointly, to remove, where the tenure of the office was
not fixed by the Constitution: which was a full rec-
ognition ofthe principle that the power of removal
was incident to the power of appointment. But it
was very early adopted, as theprac:ioal construction
of the Constitution, that this powei was vested in the
