.1384
•THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
bills and give them their features to attempt in
every possible and practicable instance to miti-
gate the severity and the vexation of the law
and of the system, and to conform the law as
nearly as possible to the modes of industry of
the people, where that can be done without any
sacrifice of revenue or of public interest. I
do not think the provision which I have moved
to strike out is germane to the bill. I think
it is_ unnecessary; that it is multiplying and
making more complex the law needlessly, with-
out any necessity or any practical result; that
it only tends to give one more chance to the
harpies who are enriching themselves by hav-
ing this law executed upon innocent and un-
sophisticated and ignorant men; and I there-
fore move to strike it out.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If rebellion grows out
of this provision I suppose it will be called
"the mash-tub rebellion of Kentuckybut
I apprehend there will not be any such result,
even if we keep this clause in. The "unso-
phisticated" distillers of whom the honorable
Semilorhas spoken-, taking the country through,
have been so unsophisticated that the result is,
that out of about forty million gallons manu-
factured last year, we got the tax on about fifteen
millions ; so that it seems, unsophisticated as
they are, they understand very well how to
dodge the payment of taxes.
This provision to which the Senator has re-
ferred is one that has been in the tax laws from
the beginning, and it was put into the original
bill on a suggestion that was made to me, as
chairman of the Committee on Finance, when
the bill was being drawn , that it was impossible,
and had been found so in Canada, because the
communication came from a friend there, to
have the necessary checks upon distillation to
ascertain the quantity unless the distillers were
compelled to state from time to time the quan-
tity of materials purchased and used. That
was a check that enabled you when you could
get at it to ascertain with more certainty the
amount distilled, because the amount of mate-
rials being given, you could ordinarily tell the
amount of production. It is considered by the
office, and by all connected with the collection
of the revenue on distilled spirits, as a very
neccssary and important chcck. The Senator
says it is unnecessary and means nothing. I
assure him it is not so regarded. It is regarded
as a very important provision, by which the
amount distilled can be ascertained, and for
the prevention of fraud, and has been so con-
sidered from the beginning.
The Senator has also made some remarks
upon the system. I am told that in the city of
New York it has been ascertained that in some
instances they had vats under ground directly
under the cisterns; and when the officers came
to seize the distillery and make an examina-
' tion, large vats were found into which a con-
siderable quantity of liquor was run off; and
in one instance they were connected with pipes
On the other side of the street, some fifteen
rods off where they were built. That was
ascertained after they gothold of the establish-
ment. There are many contrivances of that
sort which render it necessary to have most
stringent and careful provisions in order to
guard against frauds which those unsophisti-
cated distillers are continually practicing, and
practicing successfully, on the Government.
The appeal which the Senator has made,
founded upon the brutal nature of the officers
■who wish to entraj} these "unsophisticated"
distillers and to prey upon the simplicity of the
people, I think really has no foundation except
in the imagination of the honorable Senator
from Kentucky. The case which he has re-
ferred to in Kentucky is now under consider-
ation. They have broken the law. It is now
under examination here; and if it shall turn
out that there was actually no fraud intended
or none perpetrated, unquestionably the fine
will be remitted. There has been no instance, I
am told, from the beginning, in which, although
a fine was imposed under the law, if it was sat-
'isi'actorily shown that the offense was uninten-
tional, accidental, the penalty has not been
remitted by the office, under the authority con-
ferred on the Commissioner and the Secretary
of the Treasury ; and so it will unquestionably
be in the case referred to by the Senator. But
even if there are some instances in so extensive
a system in which the comparatively innocent,
that, is, those who are innocent in intention,
suffer, that affords no reason for overturning
a system.that is absolutely necessary for the
protection of the revenue against frauds that
are practiced. I hope, therefore, as this is
regarded by all connected with the collection
of the revenue on distilled spirits as not only
a very important but a very essential provision,
that it will not be stricken out on the motion
of the honorable Senator.
Mr. DAVIS. I beg to say a single word in
reply to the honorable chairman of the Com-
mittee on Finance. What I said in relation
to unsophisticated distillers had 110 reference
to the distillers in the cities. I do not know
anything about those in the cities; but in the
rural districts all that I said about them is
true. I do not know anything of the modes
of distillation by what is called the steam pro-
cess ; but by the old method of distilling which
you, sir, [Mr. Hendricks in the chair,] are
familiar with, by two copper stills, one called
singling and the other doubling, and running
through a copper vessel, I know all about that;
and it is in that way that the real, genuine
Bourbon, that is most highly appreciated for
its greatest excellence, is made. The mode
of distillation in that way is about thus: the
distiller makes his mash; he takes a bushel
of corn and half a bushel of rye, and after he
has made his mash he puts it in the tub and
the beer works. It has four or five days to
work. When it has perfected itself by suffi-
cient working, it is then let into the first still
for distillation. I have not been in a still-house
but once since I was twelve years of age, bat
up to that time I learned a good deal about
distillation. I know that the produce of dis-
tillation results very much from the character
of the weather. The beer works and becomes
perfect very much in proportion to the charac-
ter of the weather. It must be neither too
cold nor too warm. The highest produce of
that mode of distillation is three gallons to the
bushel; but it varies from one gallon to three.
I am told that under the steam process the
production is five gallons to the bushel; but
under the old mode of distillation the highest
production was about one half that quantity,
and was very often not more than one fifth of
that quantity.
The number of pounds of meal, corn, or rye
that is used in the process is no criterion to be
relied upon by which the quantity of liquor
made from it is to be ascertained. Sometimes
it is two and a half gallons, under our mode of
distilling in Kentucky. It is sometimes as high
as three; it is often as low as one ; and some-
thing like two gallons would probably be the
average. But amid such variation of the prod-
uce of liquor resulting from the same amount
of grain, according to that process of distilla-
tion, owing to the condition of the weather and
the perfection to which the beer reaches, and
other causes, the requisition that the distiller
shall keep in a book from day to day and sup-
ply three times a month to the collector the
number of pounds of grain he has distilled is
no criterion of the produce of his distillation
upon which the collector or anybody else can
rely. Why, then, is he required to keep such
a constant and tedious record? It is unneces-
sary, because the produce of his distillation,
whether it has been successful or not, is to be
emptied into two reservoirs ; it is to be emptied
once a day; and it is to remain in those reser-
voirs for three days, to enable the inspector to
visit the establishment and ascertain the exact
quantity that has been made. I do not see
any need for this record. Certainly there was
none for it in the cases to which I referred,
because there was no fraud upon the revenue
in those instances.
Now, what is the punishment? "Any per-
son who shall violate tlie-provisions of this sec-
tion shall, for every such offense, be liable to
a fine of $500." These four men, farmers in
the county of Harrison, distilling their own
grain, except in one instance, by omission to
comply with this law, of the existence of which
they were perfectly ignorant, and w&ich omis-
sions resulted in no damage to the Government,
in the loss of not one cent of revenue, were yet
mulcted in damages in the aggregate exceed-
ing $14,000.
Mr. President, if it is necessary to fortify a
law of this kind and a provision such as I have
just read by a fine of $500 for every violation
of it, it seems to me that the court trying the
case ought to be vested with a discretion, if
the judge is satisfied that there is no fraud, to
remit th-e fine or to graduate the fine according
to the defalcation and the immorality of the
offender. I do not think there is any neces-
sity for this provision, but if there is, I think
it ought to be mitigated by vesting the judge
with a discretion over the amount of the fine,
and over its very existence, so that he would
be enabled to graduate it according to the tes-
timony, as the testimony would establish guilt
or the absence of guilt in the case.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am acquainted with the
facts and the proceedings to which my col-
league refers. I thought they were framed
pretty much to get the penalties. They did
not touch the production. It was the outside
declaration of the lawyer that the parties had
paid for all they had distilled, and I have no
doubt that was so. I have looked over this
bill, and I do not believe it is possible to col-
lect the internal revenue without a very rigid
law, and one nearly as rigid as this.
My colleague, says the amount of grain is no
criterion of the quantity of spirits distilled. I
think it certainly is a criterion. It may not
be a very accurate one. Some distillers used
to say that they made four and a half gallons,
others that they made bat three and a half
gallons, and others that they could not. get that
much. A good deal depends on the character
of the weather, a good deal depends on the
success'of the mash. Then when they mash
with slop, very often they do not get the spir-
its in the first distillation, but get them in the
second. The quantity of grain usedis one cri-
terion, and I could not recommend that it be
dispensed with. So it is in relation to beer.
You cannot resort to taxation on these articles
without a pretty rigid system of laws. If you
make them so equitable and amiable that they
will suit the taste of everybody you will get no
revenue.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to strike out
all of the first section of the bill after the en-
acting clause, and insert the following:
That no tax or duty shall be assessed or paid on
unmanufactured cotton which may be grown or pro-
duced after the passage of this act.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I trust that \Vill not be
adopted. We have had the same tax on cot-
ton since the last act was passed. The House
of Representatives in this bill put the tax on
cotton at five cents a pound. We have struck
that down to the original tax, leaving it to
stand as it is. I trust the Senate will be con-
tent to let it so remain.
Mr. HENDERSON. I believe that it was
two years ago that this tax was first imposed,
was it not?
Mr. FESSENDEN. Yes, sir.
Mr. HENDERSON. I at that time resisted
the imposition of the tax upon the ground that
I thought it unconstitutional. I had not then
sufficiently examined the subject to advance
any very confident opinion on that point, but
I have since given it a very thorough investi-
gation, and I am perfectly satisfied that cotton
or any other article of agricultural production
cannot be taxed in the raw state under our
Constitution; or if it can be taxed at all, it
must be apportioned among the States as a
direct tax. I do not wish to take up the time
of the Senate; but as this is a very important
subject, I think one of the most important,
because it lays a precedent for the taxing of
