1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2425
President alone. And such would appear to have
been the legislative construction of the Constitu-
tion,"
Then he refers to the acts constituting the
several Departments of the Government, and
in speaking of that which provides for the con-
stitution of the Navy Department, he says:
"When the Navy Department was established in
the year lV'JS, 1 Story, 498, provision is made for the
charge and custody of the books, records, and docu-
ments of the Department, in case of vacancy in the
office of Secretary, by removal or otherwise."
In all the other laws, the provision is "by
removal by the President or otherwise." The
words " by the President" are omitted in the
act establishing the Navy Department.
" It is not here said, by removal of the President,
as is done with rcspect to tile heads of the other De-
partment!!: and yet there can be no doubt that he
holds his office by the same tenure as the other Sec-
retaries, and is removable by the President. The
change of phraseoiocy aiose, probably, from its hav-
ing become the settled and well-understood construc-
tion of the Constitution, that the power of removal
was vested m the President alone in such cases,
although the appointment of the officer was by the
President and Senate."
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the Senator
reading from ?
Mr. JOHNSON. Thirteen Peters, page 259 ;
and from that time to this—I am sure I can say
with truth that I speak knowingly—no judge of
the Supreme Court has ever questioned the
power of the President to remove, although the
appointment is made by and with the advice
and consent of the Senate. My honorable friend
from Ohio has said that it never could be in
any state of excitement the design of Congress
to deny his right to remove his Cabinet officers:
and yet it is in the power of Congress to repeal
all the laws by which those officers are appointed.
Cabinet officers are not provided for in the Con-
stitution. His authority over them is derived
from that part of the Constitution which says
that he shall have the authority to appoint all
the officers particularly named, and all officers
the appointment of whom is vested in the Presi-
dent and the Senate. Congress may, there-
fore, repeal those laws and leave no Cabinet
officers at all, and the President will have to
act upon his own judgment; but the good sense
and patriotism of the men of 1780 showed how
important it was that the President should have
official advisers, and they therefore provided
that the heads of these several Departments
should be what is termed the Cabinet of the
President; and in all the laws providing for
the appointment of those officers it is assumed
that the power of removal shall remain in the
President.
Now, my friend has said that we can provide
against any removal by the President of post-
masters and collectors of the revenue. That is
all true. We may by law give to the President
the power to appoint those officers and deny
to him the power to remove them. We may
give to the Secretary of the Treasury the like
power and deny to him the power to remove
them; but I am sure no Senator would be will-
ing to say that the power of removal, in cases
of that description, should not be vested some-
where ; and the question, therefore, which would
present itself, if such a measure was proposed
to the Senate, would be, where will you vest
it? Will you vest it in the President of the
United States? If not, will you vest it in the
Secretaries ? It must be vested somewhere, or
we must run the risk of having dishonest or
incapable officers in the several Departments
of the Government. If you vest it in a Secre-
tary, the President can remove the Secretary,
and appoint, one who will suit him bettor, and
thus effect the same object.
I agree with the honorable member that it is
advisable that the patronage of the Govern-
ment should not be used for political purposes.
In the beginning of the Government, and in
the debates in 1789, which led to the determi-
nation of Congress that the power to remove
was in the President, it was stated, and it is so
stated, I think, in one of the numbers of the
Federalist, that the exercise of that power,
without cause, would bo a good reason for im-
peachment. But it has long been the practice
of the Government to remove without assign-
ing any cause ; and it has now become, as I
think, the settled construction of the Consti-
tution, that so far as relates to appointments
which you have given to the President, al-
though they are to be made by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, he has a
right to remove, and has a right to fill the places
made vacant by removal, provided the removal
is made during the recess of the Senate.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, I shall be very
reluctant to see this vote reconsidered and to
see this amendment rejected, because I think
(lie amendment a very proper, a very judicious,
and a very necessary one. There is no mere
measure of expediency and but few of neces-
sity the defeat of which would occasion me so
much chagrin and mortification as to have any
measure of any kind prevail by the sort of
argument which is adduced in support of the
reconsideration of this vote. I could not but
regret most deeply that the Senator from Ohio
[Mr. Sheumax] thought fit to introduce here
the argument which he has laid before the.
Senate. What is it? Conceding, for the pur-
pose of his argument, our right to adopt this
amendment, he still invokes the Senate not
to do it; and why? Because it involves the
Legislature in a collision with the Executive.
For twenty years prior to 1800 a great deal of
the legislation of this body, and a great deal of
the political action of the people of the United
States was controlled, not by appeals to the
judgment of legislators or to the consciences
and convictions of the people, but directly to
their fears. The argument more potential than
any other that was heard throughout the Re-
public was, upon various and sundry questions,
not that it is or is not right and expedient, but
you must, adopt this or reject that; if you do
not there will be a collision somewhere. I am
glad to know that in those days, which I some-
times am'made to fear were braver days even
than these, there was no attempt to frighten
the Legislature by pointing out the horrors of a
collision with the President. We were threat-
ened invariably with collisions in different
portions of the Union. Different States of the
Union said, if you do not submit to this policy,
or to that, the Union will be disrupted. That
was the threat which was held over the Legis-
lature in those days. But now we arc urged to
pause, to reject an amendment coneedcd to be
addressed to the discretion of the Legislature,
because within its jurisdiction, for the simple
and single reason that if we adopt it it may
involve us in a collision with the President of
the United States. Sir, if the Constitution,
which we talk of frequently and which we reg-
ularly swear we will support, meant anything,
if it meant to secure anything, -it meant to
secure a body to enact laws that should be as
independent of the President as the President
is of the Legislature. ,
Mr. STEWART. Will the Seriator allow
me one word at this point?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator misappre-
hends me  
Mr. HOWE. I am not referring to the Sen-
ator from Nevada. I have not got to him yet.
Mr. STEWART. The Senator misappre-
hends me if he supposes that is the ground I
place it upon. I place it on the ground that
I do not know whether we have got any use
for any such war as yet, and I want to wait
and see.
Mr. HOWE. If my friend from Nevada
will wait and see, he will know when I reach
him. I was referring to the argument intro-
duced by the Senator from Ohio. I say the
Constitution intended that the action of this
law-making tribunal should be absolutely inde-
pendent of the action of the Executive^ except
through the simple exercise of the veto power.
But the argument which is paraded here calls
upon us as a matter of usage, as a matter of
expediency, as a matter almost of necessity, to
inquire at the White House what sort of legis-
lation will be approved there before we venture
upon it. I am unwilling to see any such usage
adopted. I shall regret most profoundly the
day when by any act or vote of the Senate or
of the House of Representatives such a usage
shall be sanctioned or seem to be sanctioned.
When any proposition is laid before this body
I ask, and I think I have a right in the name
of the Constitution to demand, that its merits
shall be passed upon with strict regard to its
own terms. If we, a majority of this body,
approve the merits of the proposition, we have
no right to reject it. We betray what, in our
judgment, is the true interest of the people if
we do reject it. No man has a right to tell
us that the President will veto the bill, and we
have no right to listen if we arc so told. When
the Senate approves a measure right,, it is
bound to assume that the President will think
it right, and that he will approve the measure ;
and upon this point I will not belie\e any tes-
timony except the direct and official testimony
of the President himself. When we huve con-
sidered and approved a measure, then he is
called upon lo consider, and approve or dis-
approve ; and when he has had an opportunity
to consider, and has told us that he disap-
proves, I will believe him, and I will believe
no man but him.
1 therefore lay out of view entirely the sug-
gestion that the adoption of this amendment
will involve us in any controversy with the
President,. " If he does not approve of the
bill with this amendment upon it, he will veto
the bill possibly; if he does not see lit to ap-
prove the bill, he will unquestionably veto it;
and then the two Houses will be called upon
to determine what they will do in that contin-
gency, to pass upon the reasons he gives for
not approving the bill.
But, says the Senator, it is an amendment
to an appropriation bill—an appropriation bill
every dollar of which is needed for the good
of the public service, and by putting upon this
bill this measure which may prove obnoxious
to the President, you jeopard, you hazard the
safety of the bill. How so, or if so, what pos-
sible measure can you put into an appropria-
tion bill and not run the same hazard ! Every
single individual appropriation in this bill might
have been opposed upon precisely the same
ground. If any Senator had assumed to say
the President is opposed to this or that appro-
priation, he could have called upon us with just
as much authority to lay aside that particular
appropriation upon peril of having the bill
vetoed, and the appropriations lost in case we
put it in. This is only designed to be one of
a great many provisions in a single bill. It is
not in terms an appropriation. It is in terms
a direction as to the disbursement of the money
appropriated, and I know of nothing more
proper or more regular than the imposition of
just such regulations as this, touching the dis-
bursement, of moneys upon bills making appro-
priations of public moneys.
But, says the Senator, if we do put it on and
if the President does veto this bill, then the
postal service must suffer and languish through
a whole year, and we shall be licld responsible.
Why shall we be held responsible? What shall
we have done to occasion this disaster to the
postal service? We have seen (it to incorpo-
rate a section into the bill making appropria-
tions for that service, which we approve, which
we deem right in itself, and it is conceded by
those who urge this argument to be right. We
put it on to this bill; and the President, it is
assumed, does not approve it, and therefore he
will not assent to_ the appropriations, and we
are to be held responsible for the disaster that
overtakes that branch of the public service. . I
conceive that he who wrongfully refuses to ap-
prove the bill is alone responsible for the con-
sequences that follow. If we put a provision
in this bill which the President ought not tc
approve, then he is justified in vetoing the bill,
and the consequences that may follow upon
this service justly attach to us ; but if we put
nothing on this bill but what the President
ought to approve, then I do humbly conceive
that he ought to approve the bill, and if he
refuses to approve the bill he is not only re
