3386
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
have quoted. The truth is that all taxes on
production, for many years before our Consti-
tution, had been odious in England. They had
been abandoned by the State from the time
of the tenths and fifteenths. I quote from
standard works to show the contemporaneous
feeling by political economists against this sort
of tax. The truth is, no one at that time thought
of burdening agricultural products.
In the notes of Mr. McCuilougli to the work
of Adam Smith, speaking of the tax on raw
produce, he says:
"It is indisputable, therefore, that tithes operate
practically as a premium on idleness, and as a heavy
and constantly increasing tax on industry. By pre-
venting the cultivator from^ reaping the entire ad-
vantage of superior skilland increased exertion, they
discourage his efforts and contribute to render him
indolent and indifferent."
Dr. Paley, in his work on Moral and Politi-
• cal Philosophy, says :
"Tithes arc a tax not only upon industry, but upon
that industry which feeds mankind; upon thaUpeeies
of exertion which it is the aim of all wise laws to
cherish and promote."
Adam Smith, page 377, says:
"Taxes upon the produce of land are in reality
taxes upon the rent." * * * * "There
is no farmer who does not compute beforehand what
the church tithe, which is a land tax of this kind, is,
one year with another, likely to amount to.
"The tithe, and every other land tax of this kind,
under the appearance of pcrfcct equality, are very
unequal taxes; a certain portion of the produce be-
ing, in different situations, equivalent to a very dif-
ferent portion of the rent." * -s + *
"The tithe, as it is frequently a very unequal tax
„ upon the rent, so it is always a great discouragement
both to the improvements of the landlord and to the
cultivation of the farmer. The one cannot venture
to make the most important which are generally the
most expensive improvements, nor the other to raise
the most valuable which are generally, too, the most
expensive crops, when the church, which lays out
no part of the expense, is to share so very largely in
the profit."
I think I have now shown that agricultural
productions in their original state were not
taxed separately under what was called the
land tax. They were never assessed and placed
in the tax lists. They were taken into consid-
eration as affecting the value of lands, those
lands producing most being regarded as most
valuable; but they were never rated and taxed
in addition to the lands on which they grew. I
now propose to show that these products were
never taxed before the making of our Consti-
tution under any other head of taxation in
England.
In addition to this land tax was the old duty
known as the " customs,'' which was taken from
the French word coustumc, meaning "toll" or
"tribute," from which comes our word "cost."
Blaekstone says:
"Customs aro the duties, toll, tribute, or tariff, pay-
able upon merchandise, exported or imported."
The ground upon which an export, tax was
permitted was that the King was bound of com-
mon right to maintain and keep up the ports and
havens and to protect the merchants from pi-
rates. These export customs wore first granted
in the third year of Edward T. They became
unpopular, and in the twenty-fifth year of Ed-
ward I it was expressly stipulated that the King
should receive the tax only on wool, skins, and
leather. These articles could not be exported
without being taken to the King's marts and
stores, called staples, there to be iirst rated and
then exported. These stores were the same as
those used in our warehousing system. Hence
articles that thus came in large quantities into
the warehouses for exportation weresoon known
as " staple commodities.:' An export tax was
allowed upon these three articles, because it was
supposed^ no other people could compete with
our English ancestors in their production; in
other words, that these articles could bear the
export tax and then compete with other nations
in foreign marts of sale.
In addition to these regular customs was a
small subsidy, tonnage, or poundage tax, levied
for the keeping and the safeguard of the seas
and the intercourse of merchandise to come
safely into the kingdom and pass out of the
same. This was a tax of the same character
as that referred to in onr Constitution, where
it is said "no State shall, without the consent
of .Congress, lay any imposts or duties on im-
ports or exports, except what nlay be abso-
lutely necessary for its inspection laws and
again, "110 State shall, without consent of
Congress, lay any duty of tonnage," &c. It
was the abuse of this power to levy tonnage
duties which constituted one of the complaints
leading to the rebellion against Charles I.
These export duties were always the cause of
much complaint, and tonnage duties had been
greatly abused; hence our Constitution de-
signed to cure the evil by cutting it up by the
roots.
Next came the excise tax, which had its
origin, as most of these burdens have, in that
curse of nations and of mankind, war. Black-
stone says that this tax—
"Is an inland imposition usually paid upon the
retail sale of a commodity."
It appears, he says,
"Th.it they are generally imposed on manufac-
tures and paid by the manufacturer, who advances
the price of his commodity in, proportion."—! Black-
stone, 318-320.
An excise tax was exceedingly unpopular in
England when first proposed, because it was
thought to be incompatible with the temper
of a free people. To execute it properly
required that officers should enter and search
the houses of such as deal in excisable com-
modities, and the proceedings for punishment
were to be summary and sudden, denying
jury trials and other proceedings of the com-
mon law. One of the most formidable accu-
sations against Charles I, was that his Lord
Treasurer, the Earl of Bedford, contemplated
an excise tax. It was charged afterward that
the Parliament also contemplated it on their
side when the House indignantly denied it,
saying "that these rumors were false and
scandalous, and that their authors should be
apprehended and brought to condign punish-
ment." However, less than six months there-
after they levied an excise tax on venders of
ale, cider, and perry. The royalists at Oxford
immediately followed their example. Both
sides protested that it should cease at the end
of the war. It afterward, however, became
a permanent system of taxation. The evils,
of war have made it permanent, but Black-
stone says its very name has at all times been
odious to the people of England. The direct
tax was afterward insufficient to meet the ex-
penses of the continental wars, and it had to
be submitted^ to. But my chief object is to
show that it is a perversion of terms to call a
tax upon an agricultural production in its raw
state an excise duty. A distinguished writer,
Blaekstone, in enumerating the articles subject-
to excise duty in England at the period of onr
Revolution, says:
"Brandies and other spirits aro now excised at the
distillery; printed silks and linen at the printer's;
starch and hair-powder at the maker's; gold and sil-
ver ware at the wire-drawer's; plate in the hands of
the vendor, who pays yearly for a license to sell it;
lands and goods sold by auction, for which a pound
rate is payable to the auctioneer, who also iseharged
with an annual duty for his license; and coaches and
other wheel carriages, for which the occupier is ex-
cised, though not with the same circumstances of arbi-
trary strictness as in most of the other instances. To
these we may add coffee and tea, chocolate and cocoa
paste, tor which the duty is paid by the retailer; all
artificial wines, commonly called sweets, paper and
pasteboard, first when made and again if stained
or printed, malt, as before mentioned, vinegar and
the manufacture of glass, for all which the duty is
paid by the manufacturer; hops, for which the per-
son that gathers them is answerable; candles and
soap, which are paid for at the maker's; malt liquors
In owed for sale, which are excised at the brewery;
cider and perry, at the vender's; and leather and skins
at tire tanner's—a list which no friend to his country
would wish to see further increased."
Now, Mr. President, it will be observed that
there is but one article in this entire list which
is an agricultural production, and that is hops.
The cultivation of this article, it will be remem-
bered, was regulated by law, as the cultivation
of tobacco now is in France. The article was
never exported, and could be and was pro-
tected by a heavy impost duty on the foreign
article. There was not enough of the article
produced for home consumption.
The only other taxes existing in England at
the American Revolution were the salt tax,
which was really an excise tax on the manu-
facture of this article; the post office tax, the
stamp duties, the duty upon windows, the duty
of twenty-one shillings per annum upon every
servant employed, excepting in husbandry,
trade, or manufacture; the license tax on
hackney coaches, and the duty on salaries,
fees, and perquisites of office. The notion that
all agricultural products may be taxed is pred-
icated on the decision of the Supreme Court
rendered in the ease of Hilton vs. u nited States,
reported in 3 Dallas's Reports, page 171.
On the 5th day of June, 1794, Congress
passed an act levying a duty on carriages used
for transporting persons. Hilton, a citizen of
Virginia, owned one hundred and twenty-five
carriages and refused to pay the tax, which
was small. The case was submitted to the cir-
cuit court of the eastern district of Virginia,
and the judges being equally divided, the de-
fendant confessed judgment and took the case
to the Supreme Court on a writ of error. The
decision of the court turned on the question
whether the duty on carriages was a direct tax
w not. Chief Justice Ellsworth was sworn into
office on the day the opinion was delivered, and
therefore took no part in its decision. Justice
Cushing was sick at the argument, and deliv-
ered no opinion. Justice Chase delivered the
opinion of the court. On the precise question
at issue he used the following language:
"As it was incumbent on the plaintiff's counsel in •
error, so they took great pains to prove that the tax
on carriages was a direct tax; but they did not satisfy
my mind. X think, at least, it may be doubted; and
if I only doubted, I should affirm the judgment of the
circuit court. The deliberate decision of the national
Legislature, who did not consider a tax on carriages
a direct tax, but thought it was within the descrip-
tion of a duty, would determine me, if the case was
doubtful, to receive the construction of the Legisla-
ture; but I am inclined to think that a tax on car-
riages is not a direct tax, within the letter or mean-
ing of the Constitution."
Justice Patterson, who concurred in the judg-
ment of the court, delivered a separate opinion,
in which he used the following language:
"All taxes or expenses on consumption are indi-
rect taxes. A tax on carriages is of this kind, and of
course is not a direct tax. Indirect taxes are cir-
cuitous modes of reaching the revenue of individuals
who generally live according to their income. In
many eases of this nature the individual may be said
•to tax himself."
Justice Patterson received this idea of direct
andindirect taxes from the work of AdamSmith
on the Wealth of Nations, where he says:
"Consumable commodities, whether necessaries or
luxuries, may bo taxed in two different ways; the con-
sumer may either pay an annual sum on account of
his using or consuming goods of a certain kind or the
goods may be taxed while they remain in the hands
of the dealer and before they are delivered to the
consumer. The consumable goods which last a con-
siderable time before they arc consumed altogether
aro most properly taxed in the one way; those of
which the consumption is immediate or more speedy
in the other; the coach tax and plate tax are exam-
ples of the former method of imposing: the greater
part of the other duties of excise and customs of the
latter."
He concluded that as a carriage is kept by
the wefclthy, and is consumed in the use of it,
the duty on it is a tax on luxury or the expenses
of living, and maybe denominated an indirect
tax.
Justice Iredell, in his opinion, said :
" There is no necessity or propriety in determining
what is or is not a direct or indirect tax in all cases.
Some difficulties may occur which we at present do
not foresee. Perhaps a direct tax in the sense of the
Constitution can mean nothing but a tax on some-
thing inseparably annexed to the soil, something
capable of apportionment under all such circum-
stances."
Without determining what is a direct tax, he
says that a poll tax and a land tax are certainly
direct taxes. He says further, '' In regard to
other articles, there may possibly be consider-
able doubt." He concludes by using the fol-
lowing language :
"It is sufficient on the present occasion fortlieoourt
to be satisfied that this is not a direct tax contem-
plated by the Constitution in order to affirm the
presentjudgment."
Justice Wilson concurred in the judgment,"
but left no written opinion. By examining
these opinions closely it will be seen that all the
judgps were forced to the conclusion that this
tax was constitutional chiefly by the fact that it
