3388
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
Show that this term in the Constitution means
direct taxes," and none other. To give the
term any broader signification would open the
door to unlimited injustice. Now, I insist if
any tax at all can be laid on agricultural pro-
ductions, it must be a, direct tax and appor-
tioned among the States. In England a tax
on a carriage was called an excise tax. Instead
of imposing the whole duty ou the original
manufacturer, a part of it was reserved to be
paid from year to year by the consumer or user
of the article.
The Supreme Court perhaps properly sus-
tained the carriage tax under our Constitution.
If they committed an error at all, it was be-
cause they did not place it under the head of
an excise tax. Judge Chase believed that it
was constitutional, because it was a tax on
expenses, and "thata tax on expense is an
indirect tax." Judge Patterson said, in the
same case, that "all taxes on expenses or
consumption are indirect taxes." It is upon
the same principle that we tax gold watches,
gold and silver plate, yachts, billiard tables,
&c. The tax is on the use of the article, and
not upon the article itself. We had no prece-
dent in England for taxing agricultural prod-
acts. We have none here. The laws of Eng-
land did not even tax the hiring of servants
who were employed in agricultural products.
So in the early legislation in this country.
Though carriages were taxed which were used
for hire or for the conveyance of persons, yet
by the act of July 24, 1813, all carriages
"usually or chiefly used" in husbandry were
exempted. Again, by the act of December
16, 1814, the same exemption was continued.
Although we were in the midst of war in
1813 and 1814, and were imposing heavy direct
taxes, stamp and excise duties, and although
in January, 1815. a heavy duty was imposed
on even household furniture, ranging from one
to one hundred dollars, yet no thought of tax-
ing agricultural production seems to have en-
tered the public mind. But for the decision of
the Supreme Court, that a carriage could be
taxed, nobody, I dare say,'would now think a
cotton tax constitutional. That decision does
not justify this action. All the judges in that
case based their decision chiefly on the ground
that a tax on carriages could not be apportioned.
That reason does not apply in this case. If a tax
on land can be apportioned, certainly a tax on
its products can be apportioned. It may be that
no carriages could be found in one of the States.
But is it likely that any State would be without
agricultural productions? The only other rea-
son influencing the court was that the carriage
tax was a tax on expense. This reason, of
course, is not applicable to a tax ou agricult-
ural products, and especially to those which
must seek a foreign market. So far from the
court intimating that agricultural productions
could be taxed, Judge Patterson expressly said
that—
"If Congress, for instance, should tax in the aggre-
gate or mass things that generally pervade all the
States in the Union, then perhaps the rule of appor-
tionment would be the most proper, especially if an
assessment should intervene.1'
He further said that some of the States under
these revenue systems included other things
than land in a direct tax. Whether it was so
under the Constitution of the United States,
he said, " is a matter of some difficultybut,
he repeated "as it is not before the court, it
would be improper to give any decisive opin-
ion upon it." If we seek for his opinion at
all, we find it in these words: "the imme-
diate product of the land in its original and
crude state ought to be considered as the land it-
self ; it makes part of it, or else the provision
against taxing exports would be easily eluded."
To support this view there is an argument in
the wording of the Constitution. It is such as
to indicate that some other direct tax than a
capitation tax or tax on land may be imposed.
The words are, " no capitation or other direct
tax shall be laid." If it were intended only to
include a poll tax and a land tax, why were
not the words " capitation and land tax" used?
The words "other direct tax" seem to signify
that such a tax might include more than one
article or subject of taxation. If any other
article than the land itself was intended to be
placed subject to a direct tax, what article so
universal and so common to all the States as
agricultural productions? My theory is that
they are subject to no tax in kind, but if taxed
at all it must be directly. All taxes levied
upon them must be apportioned in the same
way as a capitation or land tax. Hence the
proposed ■excise duty of two cents per pound
on cotton is a^,unconstitutional tax.
I now propose to give a third reason, show-
ing the invalidity of this tax. It is notorious
that much of the cotton grown in this country
must seek a foreign market. Such was the
case when the Constitution was formed. _ The
home consumption did not then and will not
now absorb it. Hence we cannot protect this
interest by an import duty upon the foreign
article. It must be exported. Now, this bill
Eroposes to tax cotton and allow no draw-
ack on its exportation. When Senators who
favor this tax are reminded that this is tanta-
mount to an exportation tax, and therefore a
violation of the Constitution, they attempt to
escape the force of the argument by saying that
it is not an exportation tax. They insist that
it is an internal duty, an excise tax, or some-
thing else than an exportation tax. They say
that it is within the discretion of Congress to
allow drawbacks or not. This, of course, makes
the provision against export taxes utterly futile,
if not absurd, and leads to the destruction of
any interest that Congress chooses to destroy.
If an article is produced in this country in excess
of home consumption all that Congress has to
do in order to destroy it is to levy upon it an
exorbitant duty and allow no drawback when
it is sent abroad. If the article can be pro-
duced anywhere else upon the surface of the
earth the American producer will go there and
produce it or enter into some new business at-
home. In the same way might any species of
manufacture be oppressed and broken up.
In my construction of the Constitution, when-
ever a tax of any sort has been paid to the
United States upon any commodity whatever,
and that commodity is afterward exported, the
tax must bo paid back to the owner. If this
is not so, Congress may regulate even to the
extent of building up or destroying all indus-
trial pursuits by its system of taxation. Con-
gress cannot evade the constitutional restric-
tion under any such subterfuge as this. It is
not an exportation tax alone which is prohib-
ited. In the prohibition on the States it is
said " no State shall lay any imposts or duties
on imports or exports." It is not said that tlie
States shall lay no duties on articles that may
be thereafter exported. The States were to
be left free to adopt their own system of tax-
ation. They had governments to support, and
they must necessarily have the' power to levy
not only direct taxes, but other duties and ex-
cises. Many of the articles upon which they
had levied duties might afterward be shipped
abroad. If the State could not tax any article
because it might be exported, or if, having
taxed it, it had been compelled to pay draw-
back on its exportation, the States might have
been unable to keep up their governments. It
will be observed that the prohibition on Con-
gress is in altogether different, language, and
language was never changed in the Constitu-
tion without a purpose. It is there provided
that—
" No tax or duty shall be laid on articles exported
from any State."
This language is much more comprehensive
than it would be if it read, '' no exportation
tax, or no tax on exports shall be laid." I
think it means, what it ought to mean, and
what the framers of the Constitution evidently
intended it to mean, that when an article is
exported from any one of the States it may
enter into free competition with the commodi-
ties of other countries. It was to induce in-
dustry to come and develop our resources. It
was to invite population. It was to make our
country equal in all industrial pursuits to any
other country on earth. There was no doubt
that a sufficient revenue might be obtained from
direct taxes, duties, imposts, and excises to
answer all the ends of Government, and yet
leave our industi-y to compete on equal terms
with the industry of other nations. We had
the advantage of taxes upon every article of
home consumption through imposts and ex-
cises, and if this proved insufficient we could
resort to direct taxes. This was thought suffi-
cient, and is sufficient for every purpose of
revenue.
If by chance we tax any article which is
afterward exported, the Constitution requires
the payment of drawback. If the language
had been similar in the prohibition on the
States, the States would have been compelled
to repay the tax which it had collected, when
the article should be exported.
It is unnecessary to adduce reasons in favor
of this construction. It is sufficient to say
that with this construction the Government
may supply itself with abundant revenue. Per-
fect equality will be accorded to each State and
its people ; eve,ry department of industry will
be placed on a footing of equality, and the Con-
stitution will become an instrument of justice
and protection instead of injustice and oppres-
sion. As an additional guarantee, it was pro-
vided that no preference shall be given by any
regulation of commerce orrevenueto the ports
of one State over'those of another; nor shall
vessels bound to or from one State be obliged
to enter, clear, or pay duties in another. What
does this guarantee, in connection with others
named, amount to if their promises can be
broken by false construction ? If such a tax
as the one contemplated can be constitution-
ally levied, then all the advantages springing
from equal taxation and freedom of commerce,
like Dead sea fruits, turn to ashes upon the
lips. The injustice of this tax is openly con-
fessed in the proposition to allow a drawback
on manufactured cotton exported, while it is
denied on the exportation of the raw material.
If the manufacturer needs further protection
let him have it in the shape of a tariff, which,
though it may be said is unjust, is at least con-
stitutional. If the cotton manufacture cannot
go abroad and compete with the foreign arti-
cle, how is it that the planter can compete in
the same market with the raw material? This,
then, constitutes the third reason for pronoun-
cing this tax an infraction of the Constitution.
But if this tax were clearly a valid one, I
should object to it on the score of its impolicy.
First, we have had four years of war, and now
have the asperities and bitterness of feeling
which invariably follow civil strife. Though
united we are almost two different nations.
Statesmanship requires the removal of every
obstacle to perfect a reunion. We want chem-
ical affinity. A Union in name is not sufficient.
We want a Union in fact. How is that to be
accomplished? Certainly the most powerful
means to attain this end would be to induce a
large immigration into the South. This would
gradually break down their present hostility
and prejudice. It would give to every neigh-
borhood. in the South teachers to inculcate
Union sentiment, and establish the new system
of industry. It would tend to infuse into the
public mind more patriotic sentiment. North-
ern men, who have fought for the Union, will
carry their energy, industry, and intelligence
into the southern States and gradually reform
its material and social condition. The South
is the best cotton-growing region of the world.
Its culture was almost entirely neglected dur-
ing the war, and in consequence (he supply
fell far below the demand. Great profits can
now be realized by its cultivation. In this
very fact Providence kindly furnishes us a
means of consolidating our people again. By
blending together northern and southern men
in these cotton States, we shall unite_ their in-
terests. Commerce it is said makes friends of
nations. Trade and intercourse make friends
of individuals. They will thus sooner forget
the past and become absorbed in the mutual
labors of the present and the anticipations of
