404
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
J axillary 24,
its purpose of imperial dominion, appealed to
the arbitrament of the sword to destroy the na-
tion, and in turn itself was overthrown.
And now with universal freedom, in name at
least, the Constitution and the people of the
rebel States present new aspects and new ele-
ments of political strength.
In apportioning Representatives in Congress
and the power of the States in the Electoral Col-
lege, we cease to count three fifths of the late
slave population and count it all as the Consti-
tution now stands. Since slavery is abolished
the Constitution has effect precisely as though
it read—
_ "Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned anions thescveral States which may bo included
within this Union, according to their respective num-
bers, (of population, including all both whito and
black J except Indians not taxed."
The effect of this will be, so soon as lawful Slate
governments are created in the rebel States, to
largely increase their representation in Con-
gress and the Electoral College. The slave pop-
ulation by the census of 1800 was 3,!>oO,.">:n.
Three fifths of this, 01 2.ii70,018, has heretofore
entered into the basis of representation. Now,
the additional 1,5S0,'21 •!, is to bo added to that
basis. This will give ten additional Represent-
atives to tho late slave States, in all twenty-eight
more than their just proportion upon a basis
excluding the late slaves.
But the startling injustice oftho existingmode
of apportionment will be apparent by some ad-
ditional considerations, which Hind thus stated :
"For example, let us compare som" of thesouthern
States with those of tho northern States which conic
somewhat near them in population on the basis ot the
iast census. If wo take Ihewdiolcpopnlalion ot e.teli
State as the number which measures ihoiuhtof rep-
resentation, and suppose that the, win to men alortcof
the southern States casttbo\oles oft ho Slates, a lirict
calculation will show ibat_ eve,vhumIredul the while
in habitants qt South Carol ina will ha ve as much power
through their Representatives as two hundred ami
forty of the pcoploof towa; one hundred white men in
Mississippi will equal two hundred and twouty-l hrco
men in Wisconsin; one hundred whito men in Lou-
isiana will cqua.1 one hundred and ninety~ei;*ht in
Maine; nnclumdred white men in Alabama wilt equal
one hundred and eighty-threoiu Connect lent; atidouo
hundred while men m Alabama, and Louisiana to-
Relher wilt equal one hundred and oifthlj -nine in In-
diana. It is therefore apparent, that if, as theConsti-
tutum requiros, tho colored men of tho South are all
counted in to measure t he rich! of lepi o«ent at ion, anil
fll'o then all disttaTiehisod, tins musi opei lie a pro-
portional disl'ranchiseinenl of the people of the T\rol 111
and West. How Ions can it be believed I hat thisin
equality will ho endured? On what rb-ht or reason
docsit rest? 11 it belhal thceolored raeeofthcSoulh
are all wholly disii anchised hceauso wholly until bp
the lndlt of siilfta^e, is il also tine (hat, the will!''
volers of Sonlh Carolina are about two and a half
times belter tilled to exercise this ritdit wisely ami
patriotically than tile people of Iowa?''
Ji this injustice can be tolerated and perpet-
rated, and the late rebel States shall soon hi1
-admitted to representation, they will enjoy as
the reward of their perfidy and treason increased
political power. This will reward traitors v ith
a liberal premium for treason. 1 am unwilling
that, this gross inequality should continue, so
that when tin; Itopro.sontafives of South Caro-
lina return to these Halls, each rebel voter bv
them represented will enjoy a polilical pawer ;j
more than double that of entry loyal voter of!I
my district. jj
^Sir, f would not allow this addii ional number j1
often Representatives in tin-late slave States as
the reward of treason, lint 1 would strike down 'I
the political power heretofore wielded bv ihe l|
eighteen Representatives of slavery, and make il
the political power of every voter precisely equal I i
all over the land. j
For one, 1 demand that the Constitution shall !
be so amended as that representation shall be !
based on citizens of the United States who may j
be male adult voters.
1 may be permitted to say a few words byway j
of explanation before I present some of the rea- j
sons which seem to me to justify the proposed !
amendment. It does not propose to extend the j
right oi suffrage to or withhold it from any class ,
of people.
It does not propose to settle or interfere with ;
tho controverted question whether Congress. 1
under the Constitution as it now is, raav deter- '
mine who can or cannot vote for Representatives. !!
It does, not proposs to disturb the commonly ii
received construction of the Constitution which
leaves to the States the right to determine who
shall or shall not be volers.
It does not propose to disturb or impair the
undoubted power of Congress and th e I'residen t
to determine whether a State government is
republican in form, and if not to interpose and
guaranty such government.
All these questions are left untouched, to be
decided when other amendments or laws involv-
ing them may be proposed for our action.
It does propose, what no other amendment
submitted to this House can effect, that one voter
in South Carolina shall have precisely as much
political power as one voter in Ohio, for all pur-
poses of representation in Congress. It has the
crowning merit of a perfect representative de-
mocracy, that for all purposes of representation
every voter in thisbyoad land of ours is equally
potential in its councils.
I have not stopped to inquire as the ground
of my opinions Jtow it would for the present
affect this State or that, but 1 have read in it
that ideal of perfection in government which
makes every voter equal in power.
1 will rend it as introduced by my distin-
guished colleague, [Mr. Sciiem'K.] It is in
these words:
IlepresoEiiafives shall be apportioned anions the
seveial States which may be included within this
Cnum aceoidiin; lo the number ol male citizens [of
die I'm! ed State-! ovei twenty-one yeai-- oi ace, ha\ -
incc tile qualifications requisite tor el eiders of t be most
numerous blanch ot ill estate Leiuslal in c. The Con-
gress, at Ihcii ln.-t se.-Mon after theralifu-atiou of this
amendment bv the required number of States, shall
provide bv law for the actual cmuneralion of such
voleis; and such actual enuiuei;ilion shall be sepa-
rably msde in a general i ensiis el the population ot'
all Ihe Shins w i £ Jim evei> subscquon! teuiiofteu
vears, in sUe|i manner as the Congress uluv by law
dire< I. Tli e number ot 11 epresentalives shall not c\-
i eed one loi e\ ci v huudi i d thou sand of at I u.t 1 pop-
iilanou, but each State shall hu\ e at least one Itep-
lesentai i\ e.
And now. Mr. Speaker, f am free to concede
fhat constitutional amendments should not be
hastily made, and never but for adequate rea-
sons, upon the gravest and most mature consid-
eration.
Uut if ever there could bo a time for making
tuudamental changes in our organic law an 1
ingrafting on it irreversible guarantees, that
time is now. The evenl s of file past four vears
deinonsfruto their necessity, and our seen: il y
for the future imperalively demands them at
our hands. Tho great events which ha\ e tr,ins-
pired. and (be altered < irciuustanoes thai sur-
round us, admonish usthui we will be recreant
lo our Irusis if we fail lo inscribe jusf ice on the
Constitution, and fortify it against I he encroach-
ments of treason, so that it shall be eternal.
One of the elements of our past misfortunes,
and which gave power for e\ il to the enemies
who assniledusiu this temple, was unequal and
unjust represenhition—political power wielded
by a 'dominant class, augmented by concessions
on behalf of a disfranchised and sen il(> race,
insulfiiiith declined alniosl m ihe i cry citadel
of nalional justice as haiim; no lights which a
while man was bound to icspcet. By Ihis
amendment we slrike down the iniquity of one
class Wieldina' polilioal power for another, and
arrogant boenu-'eiu Ihocxoreiseoftmjusf power.
1 lie three-lif(lis representation of the Constitu-
tion "was a concession to shivery. 8!a\ cry, the
teason of the rule, ha\ ing ceasi d, tin1 rule itself
should cease. It does cease by the terms of
the Constitution, but with renewed power for
evil.
The Constitution was not made in view of or
for the condition of affairs which we now wit-
ness. When it was made the free population,
without regard to color, by the laws of every
State except perhaps one, enjoyed (he elective
franchise. If slavery had been abolished then
almost, the whole free population would have j
been voters. But now, in every Suite of the '
South the colored race is denied all political
rights. They are declared by the laws of the
States to be until, to exercise political privileges.
Kaeh State enjoys the political right of deciding
for itself who shall and who shall not vote. The
amendment under consideration does not pro-
pose to disturb the enjoyment of that right.
But it does affirm that one class of men shall
not have political power on behalf of a race
declared by their laws unfit to exercise it.
It has been urged, that if this amendment be
adopted, the States will extend the elective
franchise for the purpose of gaining additional
representation, and that ultimately the States
will extend it to the colored population. But
no gentleman yet has proposed to prohibit the
States from the exercise of this, as the laws now
stand their undoubted constitutional right. So
one has suggested that the rights of the Stales
in this respect should be abridged. And if the
States choose to extend the elective franchise it
is not our duty to prohibit it. If they do so, it
will be because they regaid it as just and safe
in the hands of people capable of exercising it.
If they do not, it will be because they regard
the disfranchised class as unsafe depositaries of
political power. If any class is unfit to be an
element of political strength, it is unjust lo
clothe a favored class with political power on
its behalf. Whatever protection it demands
should be intrusted equally to all the Repre-
sentatives of the people.
But the chairman of the committee on recon-
struction [Mr. Stbvkss] submits for our con-
sideration, in lieu of the amendment proposed
by my colleague, [Mr. Soiienck,] a substitute
in these words:
Akticiu:— . Representatives and direct taxes shall
be apportioned a monij the several States which may ho
included within this Union according to their respect-
ive mtmbeis, counting tho whole number of persons
iti each State, excluding ludiansnot taxed: /VoriYW,
That whenever tho elective ti anehisc shall be denied
or abiidt-ed in any State on account of laee or color,
all personsof su< h race oreolorshaU be excluded from
tin' basis of representation.
The substantial dtflerences are these: one
makes citi/.ens who are adult male ^ oters the
basis of representation, the other the whole pop-
ulation except Indians not taxed, and persons
of that race or color which may not enjoy equal
ot impattlal sntliage.
jNow, if in each State the women, children,
ami unnaturalized foreigners boie exactly the
same relative proportion to volers, then there
would be no practical difference in the result of
the two proposed amendments. Tho distin-
guished gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
insists that women, children, and unnaturalized
foreigners shall, with the voters of their class,
form 1 he basis of representation, mainly because
in some States the female population is rela-
tively in excess ot' the male, and especially in
N'ewK'igland. whoso male population is reduced
bv emicra!ion to Ihe West. He fears a reduc-
tion in fhe political pow or of New England : but
I think it has boon demonstrated that, his facts*
are somewhat fancies, and his lignres are still
more fictitious. So, at least, ! understand the
gentleman fumi JN'ow "iork, [Mr. CoMCiixo,]
| vhuse elaborate investigations given to this
House arc full of interest and value.
If no change shall be made in the Constitu-
tion. the political power of all the loyal Slates
will be relalivly diminished by the increased
power now to be given lo the iale slave Slates.
lather of the two pioposed amendments will
ineiease the relative representation and power
of the loyal States ; but the amendment of the
chairman of 'he committee on reconstruction,
| Mr. Stcvi-xs,] while it is preferable to tho
Constitution as it now is, perpetuates the very
political evil which to some extent it remedies.
It gives rep>'Osenfation fo women, children,
and uminlnralized foreigners, all declared by
the laws of the States unsafe or unnecessary
depositaries of political power. Tt disregards
the fundamental idea of all just representation,
that every voter should be equal in political
power all over the Union.
If in any Stale there shall be a large influx
of unnaturalized foreigners, as in the great cit ies
of tho East, that State will gain additional rep-
resentation therefrom. If in any State there
shall be an excess of women or children, orboth,
these will give additional representation and
political power.
The dominions of Brigham Young, if incor-
porated in the Union, would become the para-
dise of politicians, rich in unequal political
