1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4m
power, because of the multitudinous wives and
innumerable children of the Saints of Utah.
With what grace can we say to the South,
"You shall have no representation forfrccdmen
not enfranchised," while we insist upon repre-
sentation for aliens and women and children
not enfranchised?
If the representation of unenfranchised freed-
men may be safely intrusted to all the Repre-
sentatives of the nation, may not that of aliens
and women and children be equally so ?
If it is unjust to give local political power
to the South by reason of her unenfranchised
freedmen, is it not unfair to give similar power
by reason of unenfranchised aliens elsewhere ?
I know it may be said that one reason for deny-
ing representation on behalf of unenfranchised
freedmen is to encourage the South to educate
and qualify all her people not only to become
useful citizens but competent voters. _ This is
but one element of consideration with those
who urge it. The reason which conclusively
justifies it is that a people declared by law,
if in fact unprepared for suffrage, should not
be represented as an element of power by those
interested in forever keeping them unprepared.
But children never can be qualified and com-
petent depositariesofpoliticalpower, and there-
fore should not enter into the basis of repre-
sentation. It never has been deemed necessary
for the prol ection of females that they should be
regarded as an element of political power, and
hence they should not be an element of rep-
resentation. If the necessity shall come, or
if our sense of justice should so change as to
enfranchise adult females, it will betime enough
then to make them a basis of representation.
While my own State and the West generally
would certainly gain political power by the
amendment of my colleague, [Mr. Sciienck,]
I do not for that reason support it. If gentle-
men will overlook fundamental principles of
right, and be guided by considerations of tem-
porary expediency or power, constitutional
amendments can never be made. Some conces-'
sions of opinion must be made from the East
as well as from the West to insure success. It
is said to be one of our political maxims that
there should be no taxation without represen-
tation. But it is equally an unalLerable maxim
of political justice thai representation should
not be based on property but people, and that
taxation is controlled not by the weight of prop-
erty, but by people wielding political power.
But women, children, and generally aliens,
wield no political power, and are therefore not
elements to be considered in representation,
except as every Representative wields power
for all of these unenfranchised classes.
While I indorse the amendment of my col-
league [Mr. Sotiexok] so far as it goes, I may
suggest a verbal alteration to make it more cer-
tain. After the word '' citizens'' it should con-
tain the words "of the United States."
And now, while we are amending the Con-
stitution in this respect, it will be well if it be
well done not only in regard to representation
b.ut in relation to direct taxes.
The Constitution now apportions direct taxes
among the States not according to properly but
on the basis of population.
This, too, was the result of a compromise.
The South demanded representation for sla-
very, and the North in turn demanded that
direct taxes should follow the same basis. The
South enjoyed the benefit of slave representa-
tion, but managed to escape taxation based on
slavery.
The reason for thus ingrafting on the Con-
stitution this unequal mode of apportioning
taxes among the States has now passed away,
and with it the mode itself should pass away.
Both the amendments under consideration
propose to leave this feature of the Constitu-
tion unchanged.
Direct taxes include a tax on persons and a
tax on lands.
A tax upon population is alike odious and
unjust, and the possibility of imposing it should
be speedily and forever prohibited by the Con-
stitution. Yet, as the Constitution now stands,
such tax may be apportioned among the sev-
eral States.
I do not suppose it probable that any direct
tax will be levied or apportioned among the
several States—certainly not now. But we are
making constitutional law not merely for to-
day but, for all time. If it is of importance to
preserve or have a constitutional provision on
the subject, it should be based on principles of
justice. All will agree 'that property, not pop-
ulation, is the true basis of taxation. Let us
protect industry, guard labor from taxation,
impose no burdens on the skill or labor of the
artisan, the mechanic, the producer, which can
possibly be avoided, for these cripple the ener-
gies and restrain the prosperity of the people.
Let the capital, the wealth of the nation, bear
the burdens of taxation, distributed in equal
and just proportions, and the heavy debt of
the war will be removed in less than a genera-
tion.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Will my colleague
now yield to me ?
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. I yield to my
colleame.
Mr.&SHELLABARGEE. Mr. Speaker, it
is due to myself, and to nobody else, that I
should say that in making the suggestions I am
about to make, I make them with extreme re-
luctance, on account of the deference that I feel
for the distinguished committee that has re-
ported the subject-matternow before the House.
I think I would not be amenable to be accused
of an affectation of modesty in saying that I
have fifteen times as much respect for the opin-
ions of that committee as for my own; and yet,
in the way of suggestion, I venture to make
some remarks, and as a part of those remarks,
permit me to send to the Clerk to be read a
proposed amendment which I drew up, I ac-
knowledge, before I had carefully read the
amendment of my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Suiiexck,] and which I am gratified to find cor-
responds almost identically, if not exactly
identically, with his proposed amendment.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Representatives shall be apportioned amonK the
severalStatcswhichmaybeincludcrl within this Union
according to the numbcis of male citizens of the United
States therein above the age of twenty-one years hav-
ing the qualifications requisite for electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature, and direct
taxes shall he apportioned anions such States accord-
ing to tho value of all property therein.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER^ Now, Mr. Speaker,
the following are the suggestion s which 1 make—
make doubtingly. but still make—as objections
to the report of the committee on reconstruc-
tion :
1. It contemplates and provides for, and in
'that way. taken by itself, authorizes the States
to wholly disfranchise entire races of its people,
and that. too. whether that racebe white or black,
Saxon. Celtic, or Caucasian, and without regard
to their numbers or proportion to the entire
population of the State.
2. It is a declaration made in the Constitution
of the only great and free Republic in the world
that it is permissible and right to deny to the
races of men all their political rights, and that
it is permissible to make them the hewers of
wood and drawers of water, the mud-sills of
society, pro% ided only you do not ask to have
these'disfranchised races represented in that
Government, provided you wholly ignore them
in the St ate. The moral teaching ol the clause
offends the free and just spirit ot the age, vio-
lates the foundation principle of our own Gov-
ernment. and is intrinsically wrong.
8. The clause, by being inserted into the Con-
stitution, and being made the companion of its
other clauses, thereby construes and gives new
meanings to those other clauses; and it thus
lets down and spoils the free spirit and sense of
the Constitution. Associated with that clause
relating to the States being "republican," it
makes it read thus: "The United States shall
guaranty to every State in this Union a repub-
lican form of government,"'provided, however,
that a government shall be deemed to be repub-
lican when whole races of its people are wholly
disfranchised, unrepresented, and ignored.
And my distinguished and able friend' from
New York [Mr. Cowkling] will, as a lawyer,
fully understand how it does this when I quote
the legal maxim, " Noscitur a spciis."
Mr. COSTKLING. As "the gentleman has
referred to me, will he permit me to ask him a
question?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman mean
the House to understandthat, with or without the
proposed amendment, there is any doubt of the
political or legislative power of a State to say
that certain persons, although they constitute a
race, shall not vote ? And does he mean to say,
historically or legally, that from the foundation
of the Government to the present time every
State has exercised undisputed sway over that
whole question?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, the
question that is asked by my friend from New
York [Mr. Coxicling] is not only an exceed-
ingly pertinent one, but it is forcible, and put
forcibly, and deserves to be met and answered in
the same way. And I reply, first, by saying that
it has been doubted that under that clausc of the
Constitution you can disfranchise races. And I
say to my distinguished friend from New York
[Mr. Coxklixg] that that doubt hasfoundform,
force, and volume in the ablest work in Amer-
ica on the criminal law of the country. ■ I allude
to Bishop on Crimes.
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask the gentleman'
whether Bishop does not say that the^ govern-
ments of the southern States, and their action
heretofore upon that subject, have not been by
common consent regarded as republican and
constitutional ?
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. Bishop says, in
substance—I do not give the words of the text—
that the contemporaneous history of that consti-
tutional power, and the practice under it, have
received an interpretation perhaps equivalent
to that suggested by the distinguished chairman
of the joint committee, [Mr. Stevexs.] But I
say, moreover, that Bishop lays it down in his
notes, and peihaps also in his text, as in con-
travention of the true sense and spirit of that
clause of the Constitution, and that it was a
construction which would be better honored in
the breach than in the observance.
Now, 1 reply further to my distinguished
friend from New York, [Mr. Coxkt.ikb,] that
neither in Bishop, nor in contemporaneous his-
tory, nor in any other place, is there to be found
a constitutional authorization, such as we are
here called upon to adopt, of the disfranchise-
ment of races of men without regard, to the mag-
nitude of their number or their political status
in the Union. I admit that races, or fractions
of races at least, have been disfranchised under
the Constitution. But let it be remembered
that that disfranchisement was when the race
was enslaved; and the Constitution has received
its construction in the black light—pardon the
paradox—in the black light of slavery.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I do not wish to interfere
with the gentleman's argument, and I will re-
frain from putting another question, unless he
will consent.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will hear the
gentleman with pleasure.
Mr. CONKLING. Then I will ask the gen-
tleman how ho disposes of the fact that under
the Constitution as it is, and as it will be with
this amendment ingrafted upon it, all the States
of this Union have been permitted from the
outset, with the acquiescence of Congress, the
acquieseenco of the Supreme Court, and I bor-
row a phrase of James Madison when I say
"with the universal acquiescence of the Amer-
ican people," to say to persons of a certain
race, "not only shall you be without political
right, without civil right, without the elective
franchise, without one attribute, prerogative, or
immunity, politically, but in addition to that, by
virtue of State sovereignty, we rob you of every-
thing of natural right; we strip you of everjr
immunity which belongs to humanity itself.
I want to know how the gentleman disposes
of the fact that this power is in the Constitution
now, a greater power, a far greater power, and
