1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2429
to construct a better policy; and if so, it is not
tlie part of wisdom and justice on our part to
destroy all that he has done.
I stated that the object of this amendment
■was undoubtedly to prevent the President from
using the patronage of the Government to sus-
tain his policy. If his policy is abandoned, or
if we have a better one, I do not think there is
anything so terrible in this law. If we have
got a better policy that we desire to subserve,
if we have the ability to build a better plan of
reconstruction, it is our duty to use all consti-
tutional power to make that successful; but
if we have not, and do not succeed in getting
it, we had better not pass any laws which shall
embarrass the President in carrying out his
policy. I want the States reconstructed; I
want the Union preserved ; and I believe that
is the wish of the American people, and if
Congress is incapacitated to do that, then I say
we should throw no obstruction in the way of
the President using his patronage and power
to reconstruct in his way. But 1 stated at the
same time that. I believed Congress would be
able to construct a policy which would be better
than the President's ; and when we have done
that, I still hope the President will go with
Congress.
Congress, after ithas sufficiently deliberated,
will, I believe, produce a plan, but until that
is accomplished no harm can be done from
delaying this matter ; because Congress will be
in session, and we shall have all the power in
our hands. I say we should not be led astray
on this side issue which is calculated to dis-
tract, which is giving us additional weight to
carry, until we shall have arranged our plan
of action, and then there may be no need of
any conflict with the President. We may then
be in harmony, and the great Union party may
go on again without trouble. The President
has not in the matter of appointments gone
so far as to alienate himself from Congress.
"We have rejected very few of his appointments;
we have confirmed nearly all. 1 believe we
have not rejected more than the usual propor-
tion. There is as yet no violent contest on
this subject. We are here able to reject any
improper appointment that he can make. We
are going to stay here for some time, until
we agree on some plan of action. Then, if
there shall be trouble in carrying out that
plan, let us use our constitutional power. My
position is, that I am willing to break with
any man who breaks with principle; but 1 am
unwilling to tear down what another man has
done until I have some evidence that I can do
better, until I am prepared to do better.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I do not
rise with the hope that I can add to the infor-
mation of Senators on this subject. I cannot
make the complement to the argument of the
Senator from Vermont for the reason of its ex-
ceeding fullness; I cannot add to the learning
that has been bestowed; but I choose to state my
particular objections in my own way, briefly.
In the first place the amendment, the sub-
ject properly of discussion, is not germane to
the bill; and the rule has been, and it is a
good rule, that an appropriation bill should
not be charged with extraneous matter. I have
heard it maintained very earnestly always by
the Senator from Ohio, who has been chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means of
the other House, and now represents the Fi-
nance Committee, I believe. It is a bad prac-
tice, against sound policy; but that is not my
gravest objection. The most difficult subject
that was before the men who sat in council in
1787 was how to balance the powers of the
Government, and those wise men, our ancestry,
wiser than we, drew from the wells of old an-
tiquity, they drew from the modern ages, and
particularly the problem was how to balance
the various powers of Government, and they
designed as a policy that the three depart-
ments of Government should be each independ-
" ent of the other, the executive, legislative, and
judicial. .
Now, all laws are not written. I he com-
mon law is what is called the unwritten law.
So the laws of the seas from the time of Oleron
are unwritten laws, and yet are laws of nations.
For seventy-nine years we have been expound-
ing our Constitution and system of govern-
ment. It has been expounded by those who
framed it. It was not possible to put in form
of words every consideration that lay in and
about the instrument, for then it would have
been more extended than the Pandects of Jus-
tinian. It was intended for a Constitution to
be built upon J construed, and has been con-
strued by those who framed it. It has been
determined that there are classes of officers,
for instance, judges of the Supreme Court,
appointed during good behavior who can only
for misbehavior be ejected; a person appointed
regularly to the military service under our
system can be removed, if in the Army, by an
Army court-martial; ifin the Navy, bj'a naval
court-martial that has tried and adjudged him.
This has grown to be law, and is law. The
case of Marbury vs. Madison, if I remember
aright, was the case of a justice of the peace,
appointed in this District, whose term was
fixed for five years by law. That is within the
province of legislation ; but there are a class
of officers who are not within the province of
legislation, and after all their administration
belongs to the executive department of the
Government. Legislation belongs to us as
much as judgment belongs to the Supreme
Court. We were not made to make officers.
We are merely advisers of the President with
regard to a class of officers, and not necessa-
rily all officers, not inferior officers. In this
legislation we are indirectly undertaking to
usurp the functions of the executive head of
the Government, whose business it is to under-
stand these things by himself and through those
whom he is authorized to surround himself
with. We are usurping his authority ; we have
not the legitimate power to do what is here
proposed ; and it is against the policy by which
the foundation of this Government was laid.
This kind of legislation is itself in its char-
acter revolutionary. It is breaking up the
established order of things for a mere tem-
porary purpose. There is no disguising the
underlying motive for this movement; it is
patent. That from it must spring evil con-
sequences is indubitable. We ought to live
as a people that should endure through cen-
turies, and why handle our institutions as things
of a day ? This is one of that class of move-
ments, and I trust it will not meet the favorable
consideration of the Senate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The question is, Will the Senate
reconsider the vote agreeing to the amendment?
Mr. SHERMAN called for the yeas and
nays, and they were ordered; and being taken,
resulted—yeas 21, nays 18; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Cowan, Davis, Donlittlc, "Edmunds,
Fessenden, Foster, Guthrie. Lane of Kansas, MeDou-
gall, Morgan, Nesmilh, Norton, Poland, Ruldle,
Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Van "Winkle, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—21.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark. Con-
ness, Cieswcll, Harris, Henderson, Howard, Ilowe,
Lane of Indiana, Morrill. Nye. Pomeroy Ramsey,
Sprasrue, Sumner, Trumbull, and Wade—18.
ABSENT — Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Cragin,
Dixon, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Wright, and Yates—10.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion recurs on the adoption of the amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move that the Sen-
ate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think that unless some
Senator desires to debate the matter further or
to move an amendment, we had better go on
and get through with the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. Let me remind the Senator
that there are several Senators absent who
would like to have an opportunity to vote on
the question.
Mr. CRESWELL. I ask the Senator from
Missouri to give way for a moment until I can
make a formal motion. My colleague has in-
formed me that private business will require
his absence from the Senate until Monday next,
and he has requested me to ask leave of absence
for him until that time.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the motion to adjourn, unless the
Senator from Missouri withdraws his motion.
The motion was agreed to—ayes twenty-four,
noes not counted; and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, May 7, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynto^.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
approved.
ORDER OF BUSINESS.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the call of committees for reports
to go upon the Calendar, and not to be brought
back by a motion to reconsider.
No reports were made.
The SPEAKER stated the next business to
be the call of States for resolutions, commen-
cing with the State of Indiana.
COLORED SUFFRAGE.
Mr. JULIAN. I submit the following res-
olution, and demand the previous question on
its adoption :
Resolved, That the Judiciary Committee be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of reporting
a bill providing that hereafter t'no elective franchise
shall not be denied or abridged m any of the Terri-
tories of the United States on account of race or
color; and providing huther. and thereby giving
notice of the fact, that henceforward no Stale which
the people of any of said Territories may organize
shall be admitted into the Union whose constitution
shall sanction such denial or abridgment of tne
cleotive franchise.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa.- I ask whether the
gentleman proposes to instruct the committee.
The SPEAKER. It is a mandatory reso-
lution.
Mr. JULIAN. I am willing to modify it
so as to make it a resolution of inquiry. I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. FINCK demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. ELDIilDGli moved that the resolution
be laid upon the table.
Mr. RAN DALL, of Pennsylvania, demanded
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The"question was taken ; and itwas decided
in the negative—yeas 29, nays 7G, not voting
78; as follows:
YEAS—Mes«rs. Delos Tt. Ashley, Bover, Coffroth,
Dawson, Delano, Denison. Bldridge, Finck, Gloss-
bronner, Gndcr, Griswold, Aaron Harding, James R.
Ilubbell, Kerr, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Newell,
Niblack, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, William H.
Randall, Raymond, Rogers, Shnnkhn, Sitgreaves,
Taylor, Thornton, and Whaley—29.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin, Baxter, Beaman,
Benjamin, Bidwell, Bingham, Boutwell, Bromwell,
Bioomall, Buckland, Reader W. Clarke, Conkling,
Cook, Cullom, Deming. Dixon, Donnelly, Dnggs,
Duniont, Eckley, Eliot, Farnsworth, ierry, Garfield,
AbnerC. Harding, Halt, Hendei son. Holmes, Hooper,
Asahel W. Hubbard. J&nckes, Julian, Kasson,Ketch-
am, Laliin, William Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch,
McClurg, McKce, McRuer, Mercur, Miller, Morrill,
Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Pernam, Pike Plants,
John H. Riee, Rollins, Sawyer, Sc.henck, bcofield,
Stevens, Francis Thomas, Tiowbiidge, Upson, \an
Aernam, Warner, Elibu B Wasbburnc, Henry D.
Washburn William B.AVashburn. Welker, Williams,
James F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—176.
NOT VOTING—AlesMS. Ancona., Banks, Baiker,
Bergen, Blaine, Blow. Brandegoe, Bandy, Chanler.
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Culver, Darling, Davis. Dawes,
Delrees, Dodge, Eggleston, Farquhar, Goodyear,
Griunell, Hale, ILuns, Hayes, lligi.y, lhll, Hogan,
Hoto'nkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard
John H. Hubbard. Edwin N. ilubbell, Hulburd,
James Humphrey, James M. Humphrey. Ingersoll,
Johnson, Jones, Kelley, KeLo, Kuykendall, George
V. Lawrence, Loan, Marston, Marvin, McCullough,
Mcludoe, Moorhcad, Movlton, Nicholson, Noell,
■Orth, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Piicc, Alexander
11. Riee, Ritter, Ross, Rousseau, Shellabarger, Sloan,
Smith, Spalding, Starr, Stiiwcll, Strouse, labor,
Thayer, John L. Thomas, Tiimble.Burt Van Horn,
ltobeit T. Van Horn, Ward. Wentworth, Stephen J).
Wilson, Wmlield, and Wright—78.
So the motion to lay on the table was not
agreed to.
The resolution was then adopted.
Mr. JULIAN moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
