1470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
rebellion to their full rights in the government
of the country, that those who but yesterday
had lor four years stood in armed array, hostile
to the power of the nation that was seeking to
subdue them, might, by the mere act of surren-
dering to the power which they could no longer
resist, resume all rights which those against
whom they had been contending possessed,
and to-day, though prisoners of war, stand as
equals with the victors at the ballot-box and
in the councils of the nation. That this is not
true, if what I have said in regard to their rights
while in a state of liostilty is correct, is too
palpable to require argument, because, if they
could not legimately exercise these rights
while in a state of armed hostility, it was be-
cause of some legal objection which could not
be removed by simply overpowering them, but
required some other action for that purpose.
But to illustrate further, if it be true that the
cessation of hostilities restored their full rights
as States, then it would necessarily follow that
if, finding fortune going against them in the
field, they should ascertain that enough would
be found in the Senate and House of Rep-
resentatives to unite with them in support of
their policy to render its success certain—
a supposition which all gentlemen upon this
floor know is entirely absurd in fact, but which
will servo me as an illustration—what should
be more natural than that in the exercise of
their hypothetical rights in these Halls, they
should! through their State machinery, send
their Senators and Representatives here, and
through their action they should obtain a re-
versal of the arbitrament, of arms, and thus,
not being able to commit murder upon the
nation, should accomplish its suicide.
It is contended that the individual alone is
liable to punishment, and that the rights of
the States are not aU'ected. llow is this indi-
vidual liability to be enforced? We arc told, and
all will agree, that it can only be done through
the judicial tribunals of the country, that a
charge must, be pr< 'ferred against the individual
in a manner known to the. law and consistent
with the ('(institution, upon which he must be
put. upon his trial, and if found guilty he must
bo punished. Now, sir, upon this hypothesis,
until such trial and conviction should be had,
followed by a judgment thereon, no civil or
other right of the accused is affected. The
presumption of innocence, indulged by the
courts ot all civilized countries in favor of the
accused prior to conviction, leaves him stand-
ing precisely as il'no accusation had been made,
except the simple liability to arrest upon the
charge. If, then, the rebellion is to operate
only upon individuals, the surrender of the
armed forces had no effect wlmte\er upon their
stains, because the slate of armed hostility
only made the individual liable to the treat-
ment of military authorities, for military con-
duet., pursuant to the laws of war, in addition
to his liability for violating the civil law; and
the punishment of tin; individual lor such vio-
lation daring the war was only made more diffi-
cult by the impracticability of his arrest, and
the exercise of his civil and political rights
only less eomenieut by the embarrassment of
Federal bayonets.
But, sir, why discuss a proposition so spe-
cious in theory, yet so absurd in practice ? If
a crime has been committed by the individual,
that crime is treason, and the penalty is death.
Have those gentlemen who upon this floor have
advocated this theory of individual liability
looked forward to the consequences thereof,
and with the purpose of carrying it, to its legit-
imate conclusion'! Do they honestly intend
to cover the South with gibbets, and for every
life lost in the noble Army of the llepublic,
compel the South to answer at the scaffold
with a son ? Who shali respond for all the
starved and tortured thousands whose bones
now molder in unmarked graves, around the
prison-pens of Andersonville and Columbia,
and upon the hearts of whose fathers, mothers,
and widows, the long years of patient, hopeful
'.vajting, are slowly settling down to the black-
ness of desnair. Sir, the savage murders his
victim. In cold blood, he laughs with fiendish
glee as he sees him writhe in death's agony
under the gashing tomahawk} or in the keener
anguish of consuming flames. But from the
more fiendish practices of southern chivalry,
let him take a lesson in torture. Let him learn
that refined cruelty which confines prisoners
of war in loathsome, filthy dens, from whose
horrors all human sense and feeling recoil, and
by the slow process of systematic starvation,
let him see their wasting frames reduced from
noble, manly forms to emaciated skeletons ;
and as the gnawing demon slowly racks them,
and reason totters on its throne, and he listens
to their maniac ravings or idiotic gibberish,
let him laugh with a keener relish, as ho knows
that for all these horrors he has the sanction
of the superior refinement wliieh slavery can
produce. For all these horrors, which 110 lan-
guage can describe or characterize, again 1 ask,
sir,"where are the individuals to answer?
No, sir. There are some crimes which in-
dividuals cannot commit. We look back irom
the demon Wirz through the long black cata-
logue of individuals immortalized in infamy by
being instruments to inflict this dread torture,
but we must fix the ultimate responsibility
upon the formal withdrawal of the States from
the exercise of their rights here, the declara-
tion of their independence of this Go\ ernment,
their confederation together, and their raining,
by authority of such confederation, of an im-
mense armed force to sustain that declaration
which made such horrors possible, and in the
interest of which they were perpetrated.
But, sir, I need hardly argue this proposi-
tion further. The conduct of the Executive,
so fully indorsed by the gentlemen on the other
side of the House, was entirely repugnant to
the idea that any political lights remained in
these States. Then, sir, I say that as you can-
not look to the individual liability of each man
engaged in the rebellion for responsibility and
punishment, but must look to the stupendous
facts of this organized resistance to your au-
thority, it cannot follow that as soon as each
individual laid down his arms the States sprang
into the full possession of all their former
powers.
Again, it is contended that by the action of
executive power, and through the machinery
made use of by the President, these States have
been fully restored to their former condition,
and hence their Representatives are entitled to
admission inthese llalls. Sir, in the prescnteon-
dition of the country there is little of law or
precedent, to guide us. If the f'ramers of the
Constitution contemplated the possibility of
such an event as the great rebellion, they have
left on record but little evidence of their inten-
tion with regard to the manner in which the
civil authority shall be restored. They have
created the office of Executive, and defined his
general powers. Those powers, so far as they
are pertinent to the subject under considera-
tion, are to be found ia the first clause of article
two of the Constitution, which provides that:
"The President shall bo Commander-in-Chief of
tile Army and Navy of the United States, and of the
militia of the several Suites, when called into the
actual service of the United States."
And also:
" He shall from time to time give to the Congress
information of the state of the Union, and recom-
mend to their consideration such measures as lie shall
judge necessary and expedient; ho may, on extraor-
dinary occasions, convene both Houses, or either of
them, and in ease ot disagreement between them with
respect to the time of adjournment, ho may adjourn
them to such time as he shall think proper; he shall
receive embassadors and other public ministers; he
shall fake care that the laws be faithfully executed,
and shall commission all tho officers of the United
States."
Kow, sir, with the power of tlie Executive
thus before us, let us look at the facts. The
armed forces of the rebellion surrendered to
the forces of the Government in May last. At
the time of that surrender the constitutions of
nearly all the States in rebellion remained as
when the rebellion commenced. But as 1 have
already attempted to show, and as a moment's
reflection upon the condition of affairs in each
of those States will conclusively establish, the
State governments were practically abdicated.
Their Governors and members of their Legis-
latures were either prisoners of war in the
hands of Federal forces, or fleeing and skulk-
ing from the pursuit of no foreign Power, but
of the armed soldiers of tlie United States.
The entire administration of State machinery
emanated from a source hostile to this Gov-
ernment. Under these circumstances I shall
raise 110 question as to tho right or power of
the President to appoint provisional governors
for those States. For the purpose of my argu-
ment, at least, sir, I shall concede, nay, insist,
that it was right and proper. But it*wasthe
exercise of no civil power. It will not be pre-
tended that any state of affairs has ever yet ex-
isted which would have justified the President
in appointing a Governor for tlie State of In-
diana or any other loyal State. But the power
thus exercised was essentially a war power.
The war did not cease the moment tlie last
rebel was disarmed. We have the authority
of the Executive himself that it is still existing,
at least for certain purposes. Major General
Howard, Commissioner of l-'reediiien, in an
official communication of the 23d of February
last, uses the following language;
" The Presidenthas assured the Commissioner that
he regards the present law as continuing the exist-
ence of the bureau at least a year from lion-."
This can only be by viitue of the following
provision of the act creating the Freedmeu's
Bureau, namely:
" lie it rnnrtrd, rf-c., That there is hereby established
in the War Department, to continue during the pres-
ent war of rebellion, and oneycar thereafter, a. Bureau
of Refugees, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,&c.
Like the exchange of prisoners, and the rec-
ognition of other belligerent rights as belonging
to the rebels, the appointment of provisional
governors was in the interest of humanity, to
prevent that state of anarchy and civil eliaos
that would have followed without it. But as
the stream cannot rise higher than the fount-
ain, as in our form of Government the military
is nottlie ordinary form, nor the supreme power
as contrasted with the civil, so I insist, sir, that
no machinery emanating solely from the war
power of the General Government can restore,
control, or permanently affect the civil relations
between the States and the General Govern-
ment. I can scarcely believe that it will be
seriously contended, that if the armed resist-
ance to the Government had ceased during a
session of Congress, that body would have had
no right to a voice in restoring the civil author-
ity of the Government, and the civil relations of
the States. Yet the purely fortuitous circum-
stance of its happening during a recess of Con-
gress can have no effect upon the principle,
because the termination of so terrible a conflict
as that in which the Government was for four
years engaged was certainly such an extraor-
dinary occasion as would have fully justified
the convening of Congress. Without pursuing
this inquiry further, 1 think I have sufficiently
shown that no legitimate executive action
merely, either under civil or military author-
ity, has been or can be had by or as the result
of which Congress is compelled, without in-
quiry, to accept these States as fully recon-
structed at the Presidential hand, and recognize
as existing, without control or sanction of this
body, the full and active possession of all State
powers and rights.
Now, sir, having said this much upon this
branch of tlie subject, more by far than I had
originally intended, yet immensely less than
these momentous questions require, I pass to
the consideration of questions of even more
practical importance to us and to the nation
now, namely, by whom and how shall these
States be restored to their proper relations ?
The genius of American government is repub-
lican. The people are the sovereigns, and the
law-making power is peculiarly their represent-
ative. It is the marked characteristic of the
Anglo-Saxon race to be jealous of indi\idual
power. Since the great charter of English lib-
erty was wrested from King John, down through
our struggle for independence to the present
time, the steady tendency has been toward the
