406
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 24,
always undisputed, than that which he fears
may exist if this amendment is adopted.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
might, if it were not unworthy of the occasion
—for we are in the midst of one of the greatest
occasions of the country, when we are attempt-
ing to make its organic law—I might, if it were
not unworthy of the occasion, ask my distin-
guished friend from NewYork, [Mr. Conklinc,]
whether lie to-day supposes that the construc-
tion which he has just stated has been given
to our Constitution is a just construction which
he invites the courts to give to it in the future.
I say, here, in my obscure place in the Ameri-
can Congress, that this construction, however
sanctified for seventy years, is not in accord-
ance with the enlightened sense and spirit of
the Constitution as your fathers made it, and I
thought a hotter judicial day had now begun to
dawn upon the Republic. I had hoped that the
judiciary of the Government wouldbegin to look
at the Constitution in the light of the Declara-
tion of Independence, which said, and as truly
as gloriously, that " all men are created equal."
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
Ohio permit me to make an inquiry?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. STEVENS. I abhor the so-called "com-
promises of the Constitution" on the subject of
slavery—I do not say it now for the first time—
as much as my friend from Ohio; but does he
mean to say that, under the Constitution as it
unfortunately was, the fugitive slave law of l1?!):!
was not constitutional?
Mi. SHELLABARGER. Well, Mr. Speaker,
my distinguished friend is a very good siraje-
gi-d as well as a good lawv<u\ J [is inquiry
indieates. 1 think, an anxiety that I should dis-
cuss something which is not before the House
rather than what is.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, [ withdraw the re-
mark.
Mr. SUE LEA LARGER. I would answer
it will) the utmost pleasure, but really (on ac-
count of my dullness, 1 suppose) I do not per-
ceive now the application of the question to
what I am talking about.
Mr. CONKL1NG. It is simply an illustra-
tion of what 1 was asking.
Mr. SIlELLABAltGiili,. 1 must now re-
sume, Mr. Speaker, the lino of remark %% hicli I
was pursuing: for J intended to occupy bul Ion
minutes,and 1 have already exceeded that limit.
Before resuming, however, lei me reuiatk fur-
ther, in ivfi'ience to the suggestions whieh have
been made, that eun undei the const] net ions
which have been given to the Constitution here-
tofore, it has never been held, so far as I know,
that it is within the power of the Stat os wl lib Hum
to dii-franchise races as such : and this, 1 think,
or at least fear, will bo the efl'eet of the clause
as reported by the committee; it will, ! appre-
hend, lie construed as giving authority to the
States lo disfranchise races as Mich at pleasure,
and thai without regard to color.
Mr. BANKS. Will the gentleman jield lo
me a moment for a sugge-dion ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Yes, sir.
Mr. RANKS. J desire to make a single sug-
gestion, without entering into the debate.
The constructions lo which the gentlemen
fromthe committee have referred were unques-
tionably rigid, being founded upon an express
provision of the Constitution, and based upon
the fact that four millions, or an eighth part,
of the people wore slaves. Now, the Consti-
tution has been changed in that respect; that
basis has been removed: there is now no author-
ity for such comd.i act ions : and the question is,
Khali we, by a constitutional amendment, rees-
tablish that power which has coine to an end
by virtue of the abolition of slavery?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. T am obliged lo
the distinguished gentleman from Massachu-
setts [Mr. 1iyxs] for his suggestion, which is
entirely in harmony with the argument J was
endeavoring to present, and will now resume.
4. 1 ho report of the committee imposes no
adequate restraint upon this disfranchisement
of races and creation of oligarchies in the States,
because after a race is disfranchised in a State
it gives to one vote cast in such State by the
ruling race just the same power as a vote has
in a State where no one is disfranchised.
5. These words of the amendment, to wit,
"denied or abridged 'on account of color,"
admit of dangerous construction and also of an
evasion of the avowed intent of the committee.
Thus, for example, the African race may in fact
be disfranchised in the States, and yet enumer-
ated as part of the basis of representation, by
means of a provision disfranchising all who were
slaves, or all whose ancestors were slaves. I
may be wrong in this ; that might, I admit, be
held by the courts to be a mere evasion ; but
still it is, to say the least, doubtful whether the
clause as reported might not thus be evaded.
Or the provision may be evaded in the ways so
ably stated yesterday by the gentleman from
Rhode Island, [Mr. Jexckus.]
0. The pending proposition of the commit-
tee is a radical departure from the principles of
representative republican government, m this,
that it does not provide for nor secure the abso-
lute political equality ot the people, or, rela-
tively, of the States. It does not secure to each
vote throughout the Government absolute equal-
ity in its governing force. It, for example, per-
mits twenty-five thousand voles in New Yoik
city to elect two members of Congress, provided
one half of its population should happen to be
foreigners unnatinalized and not electors of
the State, whom (he law deems unfit to vote;
whereas twenty-five thousand votes in Ohio
would elect but one member of Congress, pro-
vided her citizens were all Americans instead
of foreigners.
Mr. CONIC!,1XG. ITasnot that always been
so under the Constitution ?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. But we are now
endeavoring lo amend the Constitution. I was
just about to remark that I lie clause of the Con-
stitution to which this is an amendment does
the same thing: but then this clause was one
of the ''compromises of the Constitution," and
was never, i think, the best thing that could
have been adopted.
Mr. CONK Id NG. Thattvasno compromise;
the only compromise was in regard to slaves.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
may be right : but 1 have a different impression.
1 t'a',or the amendment, 1 have suggested—
1. Because it, holds out to all the States the
inducement of increased I'Y.leral power as a
leward for admitting to the lights of local citi-
zenship all men. It invib s them to base their
institutions upon manhood ; and yet. it leaves lo
the States, as now, the regulation of the matter
as to who shall be electors iu the Stales.
'A ll approximates more nearly than any
other plan to (lie attainment, of that, emiuoni
justice of counting every man as part of the
foundation of your Government whom you may
compel lo light for jour Government: and it, in-
vites the States to adjudge every one whom the
law deems tit lo bear arms for his country also
lit, to be counted as an elector of his country.
This is done by making the be.MS of representa-
tion nearly the same relatnely as that part of
society which is capable of bearing arms.
It bases the whole structure of the Federal
Government upon its own citizen-hip; and thus
iu substance retains in its own hands, and away
I'rom the States, the stupendous power of dcler-
mining what shall be the basis id'representation
upon whieh the United States shall test. It does
not permit a State to augment, lelatively, its
Federal power by making men electors of the
State whom the United Stales does not deem tit
to be citizens of the United States. Thi'-i it docs
by not counting for purposes of apportmoment
men not citizens of the ("nited Stales'.
-1. It is iess complex, le-'s liable to be evaded
or dangerously construed, than that report ed by
the committee, and i« in itself equal and ju«t.
•">. I think it is the one for which the public
mind has become prepared and has apnrovod;
and which is, therefore, most likely to be rati-
fied this year.
0. It prevents a race as between the States
for cheapening the elective franchise by giving
it to persons to whom experience has shown it
not to be best to give it. This it does by con-
fining representation to adult males.
7. It apportions direct taxes among the States
in proportion to the ability of the people to pay
them, and to the amount of property in such
States protected by the Government. And this
is the just principle of apportionment of taxa-
tion.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman pro-
pose what, he has read as an amendment?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I merely read it
as a part of my speech. Have I the right to
offer it as an amendment?
The SPEAKER. It has been decided that
when a gentleman has yielded the floor it can
only be for explanation, and not for amend-
ment.
Mr. PIKE obtained the floor, but yielded to
Mr. ELIOT. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following amendment:
Amend the instructions so as to read as follows:
Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several Slates which may be in-
eluded within tins Union according to their respect-
ive numbers, counting the whole number of persons
in esich State, excluding Indians not, taxed: and the
elective franchise idiall not be denied or abridged in
any State on account of race or color.
There was no objection, and the amendment
was received.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, when the res-
olution was offered by the committee, and the
amendment was proposed which has been the
subject of discussion for two or three days, I
was very much inclined to lend it my favor be-
j cause of one consideration, that by the opcra-
I tion of that, amendment we should have incor-
j porated into our organic law what would bo a
; great improvement on the past. There is no
! doubt, in my mind on that point. But, after con-
j sideriug the language of the amendment.] am
l'raukto say (hat 1 cannot bring myself to record
my vote in its favor, and without going into any
protracted discussion I shall proceed to state
distinctly the grounds of my objection.
First, the amendment as it is now reported
from the committee is objectionable to my mind
because it admits by implication that a State
has the right to disfranchise large, masses of its
citizens. I know peifeetH well that the power
to do so has been exercised, that, States liavc ex-
cited the, power of disfranchisement and abiidg-
: iugthe i tghts of suffrage because of race or color;
but no man can show that iu that Constitution
which the lathers made, and under which wo
have lived, the right is recognized in any Stale
lo disfranchise large m:iss:s of its citizens be-
cause of race. And 1 do not. waul now. at this
day, that the Congress of tin; United Stales, for
the purpose of etfecting a practical good, shall
put into the Constitution of the land any lan-
guage which would seem to recognize that right.
1 think this does so. because it says distinctly,
if you shall disfranchise, then the race or color
operated against shall not be counted in the
ba-is of repi esenlalion : thus impliedly saj ing
that States may disfranchise because of race or
color if (liey are content to pay the penalty;
that they may disfranchise men ot color if they
are content, to have them excluded from the
basis of representation.
1 do not think that is right. 1 think we are
undertaking to serve God and Mammon. I
think we are tampering with political sin; and
I think we have no nop- tight to do thai than
lo commit moral sin. I thercfoie desire, if this
; shall become the law, it shall be so amended
that it shall slate in distinct, language the polit-
ical principle which my friend from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. StevoxsJ firmly believes', ;l3 well as
I do, to be right.
| The next objection I have to the amendment
j is this, that it, enables a State, consistently y ith
■ its provisions, by making lite right, to vote de-
pend upon a property qualification, to exclude
large daises of men of both racos. A State
may legislate iu such way as to be m fact an
oligarchy, and not a republican State. South
Carolina may legislate so as to provide that no
man shall have the right to vote unless he pos-
sesses an annual income of Si.000, and hoids
real estate to the amount of five hundred acres.
