18C6.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3391
four dollars a day. This session they have
been complaining that they ought to have office
rent, and wo have given power to the Commis-
sioner to allow them office rent. Now, the
Senator says that will not do ; they must have
five dollars a day; and I do not know where
it will end. He says we cannot get competent
persons for less. We do get competent per-
sons, and they are willing to hold on to the
offices. They do not resign. The question is,
inasmuch as this matter has been considered
and settled by the committee, whether it is
worth while, because a gentleman is here from
Baltimore, who, I believe, lias been staying
here for a longtime trying to get his pay raised,
for us to raise their pay. I think we had bet-
ter stand as we are.
Mr. CllESWELL. The provision for office
rent is not at all equitable in ^s character,
because that requires every man, no matter
what may be his position, to rent an office, and
many of them have apartments in their houses,
for which they cannot legitimately or properly,
perhaps, charge oflicc rent.
Mr. FESSEXDEN. It can be allowed.
Mr. CllESWELL.' I ask for the yeas and
nays upon the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 28; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs.Cragin, Creswdl, Iluwe, Kirkwood,
and Itamsey—5.
NAYS—Messrs. Brown, Tluckalew. Chandler, Clark,
Coimess, Cowan, Davis, tMmuiuK Fe^endon, Foster,
Grimes, (Juthric, Harris, Henderson, tlendi ick*, Mor-
gan, Morrill, Ncsmith. Poliind, l'onierov, Sherman,
SpraKue, Stewart, Trumbull, Van Winkle, Willey,
Williams, and Wilson—^S.
ABSKNT — Messrs. Anthony, Dixon, Doolittlo,
Howard, Johnson, Lane ol' fndiima, Lane of Kansas,
MeDonfrall, Norton, Nye, Riddle, SauNbury, Sum-
ner, Wade, Wright, and Yates—ll>.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 move to amend the
bill on page KIT by inserting after line twenty-
four hundred and twenty-nine the follow ing:
On shoddy-wool manufactured from woven cloth
five cu;ii- per pound.
ilr. FESSEXDKN. I will inform tl.e Sen-
ator that there is already a tax on that by this
bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Where is it?
Mr. FESSENDliN. It is a tax of five per
cent, on the manufactured article.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is a tax of five per
cent. a<l valorem, which is a very different t hing
from this amendment. My proposition is to
tax it five tents per pound. I presume every
one knows what, shoudy is. It is a species of
wool made out of old cloth which is introduced
into the manufacture of new cloth. It is a sub-
stance, producing a very inferior article, by
which the community are very much imposed
upon. In the early stages of the war a great
deal of this shoddy cloth was purchased for
Army clothing, and great losses were occasioned
by it. It is a poor and inferior aiticlc, calcu-
lated to impose upon the community, its pro-
duction ought not to be encouraged, and it is
in the way of the manufacture of good articles.
The woolen manufactories cannot afford to use
all wool and make a good article of cloth and
compete with the other manufactories which
use half wool and half shoddy. This shoddy
can be manufactured, I understand, from old
cloths at about ten cents a pound. Itis mixed
then with good wool and an article is produced
of course cheaper than you can make it from
new wool, wool costing say fifty cents a pound.
The object of the amendment is twofold: in
the first place, to derive a revenue from this
shoddy; and in the next place, to encourage
the manufacture of agood article, and discour-
age the introduction of this shoddy into manu-
factured articles. It goes into cloth, hats, and
carpets.
Mr. CHANDLER. It ought to bo taxed ten
cents a pound.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I agree with the Sena- i
tor; I think the tax ought to be ten cents. I !
first framed the amendment fixing the tax at j
ten cents ; but Senators around me suggested j
"five," and I placed it at that. I should be
better satisfied with ten. I think there ought I
to be a tax of ten cents a pound on this shoddy,
so that there will be less inducement to intro-
duce it into our cloth, and thus have less im-
position practiced upon the country. Shoddy
wool is an article well known. It is wool made
out of old cloth. It is well understood in the
country. I had three specimens of it submit-
ted to mo the other day, made out of different
kinds of cloth, some of it very coarse, and some
of it made from finer cloths, and a fine fiber.
I trust the Senate will adopt the amendment.
I shall take up no time in discussing it.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I wish to say one word
on this subject. This material called shoddy
—called so since the war, but never before—
was introduced into the use of manufactured
articles in this country in order to compete
Mith articles manufactured abroad. It was not
known hero until we were forced to imitate the
example of those who shipped such goods into
this country to be distributed to the consumers
here. The Senator from Illinois cannot ac-
complish the result that he desires by simply
preventing home manufacturers from the em-
ploy ment of this commodity, for the very reason
that it will come in contact, as the manufac-
tures here have come in contact, with the for-
eign article.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Senator from Rhode
Island will allow me to suggest, t hat we shall
have the tariff bill before us in a short time,
and I shall propose, and I presume it will be
done, to put. a very heavy tariff duty upon all
cloths manufactured of shoddy, so that wo
shall protect ourselves against it from abroad
as well as at home.
Mr. Sl'I'AGUE. You may do that in the
new tariff bill; but that is not the law now, as
I understand it.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But a tariff bill is to
come soon. It is well understood that we are
to have a tariff bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I am speaking of the ease
as it stands. I knew something of this com-
modity prior to the war. Jt costs the manu-
facturer about half a cent a pound. It is put
into a machine and' torn into pieces, and the
fibers from oh! blankets and old woolen clothes
of all sorts are used, as 1 say, to compete with
the foreign article. There was no demand for
woolen rags in this country prior to the intro-
duction of this article. They could not be sold.
By taxing this article out of existence the value
that the people of this country derive from the
sale of their own woolen clothing will become
useless. You affect every individual in this
country in tl^e amount of the value of the wool
that he uses when you tax this commodity in
the manner in which you propose. You might
just as well tax any article that enters into
woolen cloth out of proportion to any other
article ill it, because some of the properties
of that article are not of equal value to some
otheis. Evriybody who knows anything on
this subject, in examining Ihe qualities of cloth,
knows at once which contains shoddy and which
docs not. The people cannot be deceived in
the purchase of an article with or without
shoddv- There is a great deal of wear in the
material that is used. If yon destroy its use,
you destroy an article which, first, is of value
in wear, as it has wear, and you destroy a
large value of property which has been here-
tofore used, and you prevent the people from
exercising economy in collecting together their
old materials and making the best use of them.
Sir, if this proposition be adopted, its effect
will be to legislate out of existence a quality
which is very common in the people of other
countries, and which we have endeavored to
introduce among the people of this country,
of economy in their living and in everything
connected with wear. I should conceive that
to bo one of the most deplorable conditions
of things. It is well known that we in this
country live at greater expense than those
abroad. Our people complain of the high
price of everything in this country in compari-
son with the cost of the same articles in other
countries, and one of the causes of those high
prices is the extravagance and the waste among
our people. Here is an opportunity whereby
a commodity may be saved, may be put into
use, and may be made an element of public
wealth and of advantage.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Rhode
Island says that, every purchaser knows what is
manufactured from shoddy. Now, I will ven-
ture to say that there are not three members
of this body who can toll whether there is
shoddy in the cloth of their coats or not. None
but an expert can tell it. Shoddy is used
chiefly, although not wholly, in thickening by
fulling cloth which was lighter before the shoddy
was applied. It is utterly worthless. It is a
cheat. There is no wear m it. A thin article
of cloth is thickened, and the shoddy fulled in.
livery man who lias worn a coat has found a
little wisp of something in the bottom of the
lining. That is shoddy. It is fulled into the
cloth. It peels off, and is utterly worthless. It
is simply a cheat. There is no wear to it, no
value to it,, no object in its use except to de-
fraud. It is true it is a recent production in
this country. The English were in the habit
of sending us manufactures of shoddy. They
look well; they feel well; but they will cheat;
tlioy will not wear.
I remarked a few minutes ago that I thought
the tax on shoddy should bo'ton cents instead
of five. I do. 1 would tax it out of existence;
and then to protect our manufacturers I would
impose a duty of one hundred or five hundred
per cent, on the importation of anything that
had shoddy connected with it in any way, man-
ner. or shape. I would stop the cheating in
shoddy. This Government has lost millions
ol dollars since the commencement of this war
by shoddy. 1 think we all know enough about
shoddy to slop its manufacture if we can. I
would prefer a fax of ten cents ; but I am will-
ing to accept five; and then when the tariff
bill comes in, I will vote any tax you see fit to
impose on the importation of shoddy, enough
at any rate to stop the use of shoddy.
The amendment was agreed to—ayes eight-
een, noes not counted.
Mr. HARRIS. I move to amend the bill
oil page l!!S by inserting after lino thirty-two
hundred and three the following:
Any tax paid under the provisions of the one hun-
dred and 1 wenty-fourth and one hundred and twenty-
tilth sections shall he deducted from tho particular
legacy or distributive bharc on account of which the
same is chained.
[ will explain the object of this amendment.
It does not affect the Government, at all, one
way or the other. A fax is imposed by the
one hundred and twenty-fourth section, and it
is carried out in the one hundred and twenty-
fifth section, upon what is called succession.
A person dies, and a legatee or distributee is
entitled to a share of the estate, and there is a
tax upon il, and very properly. The question
has arisen whether that tax is chargeable upon
the body of the estate, the corpus of the estate,
or upon the particular legacy or distributive
share. Questions have arisen and are now in
litigation upon that point. I should have no
hesitation mjself in saying that it should be
charged upon the share on account of which
the (ax is laid; hut there are those who sup-
pose that, like other expenses of administra-
tion, it should come out of the body of the
estate; and this amendment is offered with a
view to charge this tax in the settlement of the
estate upon the particular legacy or distribu-
tive share, on account of which the tax is laid.
Mr. FKSSENDEN. There is no objection
to the amendment.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS. On page 128, after line
twenty-nine hundred and thirty-nine, I move
to insert the following proviso:
And provided further. That the provisions of this
act shall not apply to an> bank, banking agna-
tion, or corporation who.-e cluuter luul (wphcxt and
whoso affairs were in proems of liquidation at the
time the act of Juno :J0, lSGi, took eftcut.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What is the effect of
that amendment?
Mr. lIAItlHS. J will slate it. There is in
the Slate of New York, and X dare say there
