1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
diffusion of power among the masses, rather
thanks centralization in ail individual. * lieneo
I insist that the law-making power of this Gov-
ernment, composed of tlic'President, the Sen-
ate, and the House of Representatives, is the
power that must do whatever shall be done
toward the accomplishment of this most de-
sirable object; and that to devolve it upon any
other power would he to turn back upon itself
this liberal and progressive spirit. How shall
Congress proceed in this work of restoration?
Satisfactorily to answer this question it may be
proper, to some extent, to investigate another,
namely, who are interested in this great work
of reconstruction? Arc those alone who have
failed utterly to destroy the Government, by
no lack of eil'ort of theirs, but by the superior
power of your brave Army? in ouraetion upon
this subject shall we bear alone in mind the im-
portunate requests, or the haughty and imperi-
ous demands, of the lately disarmed traitor?
Is it true now, sir, as it was before this war,
that the interests of the South alone are the
objects of the solicitude of legislators here, and
that the toiling millions of tins North must stand
aside while those from sunnier skies lveeive
attention? Nay, Mr, in gathering the fruits of
this most desperate and gigantic struggle the
world has ever witnessed, is it the justice you
will hero administer that the legal rights, as
they would unquestionably have existed before
the war, of those who have spread death and de-
vasialion nil over the land, whose horrid deeds
have desolated hearth-stones, and filled the land
with broken beans and inconsolable mourners
over the graves of the noblest of our youth, and
left to a blighted life the maimed and mutilated
victims of their mad effort for our common de-
struction, must be most speedily arid carefully
restored, with punctilious regard for the im-
petuosity of their fiery nature, while the widow,
^ hose tears have not yet dried for the noble
husband so freely given for her country's life;
the orphan child, whose piteous cries for bread
were not. heard until the father, leaving his
sweet babe to God and to his country's call,
rushed to the front of battling hosts and went
down to death, are told to wait until those who
made them the widow and the orphan shall be
called in to aid, in our deliberations here, in
granting them the but pitiable compensation
for their incalculable losses, to which the na-
tion's honor is most solemnly pledged?
Sir, he who Mands upon, nice quibbles and
technical interpretations of the great principles
of our Constitution, who argues of the great
events through which we have been and still
are passing, from the stand-point of an ex-
perienced advocate before an inferior court,
should come up higher, and see that a mighty
revolution, vhose force is not yet all spent,
has been sweeping over us, and that in that
revolution it has been developed that there is
a great free North.with twenty millions of warm
and loyal hearts, who have an interest in this
Government, which must not be ignored. He
should remember that for years preceding
this rebellion, to the earnest anti-slavery men
of the North the southern iStatc.s had been more
forbidden ground than the empire of Japan,
and that there, for them, awaited the coat of tar
and leathers, or the gibbet upon the nearest
tree. He should further remember that the'
Constitution was ordained to "form a more
perfect Cnion, establish justice, insure domes-
tic tranquillity, piovklo for the common defense,
piomote the general veliare. and secure the
blessings of liberty to ourselves and our pos-
terity," and that the interests of those who have
sacrificed ;>o much for the preservation of the
Government must not now be postponed for
the gratification of those who have sought its
destruction.
We are told that there is but one condition
that should be made a prerequisite to repre-
sentation from those h'te rebellious States, and
that is thai the claimant of the seat should be
a loval man. Let us look at the practical work-
ing of thi3 theory. What is loyalty? No law
defines it, and even the oath prescribed by
Congress as a test for admission here is now-
openly declared by those who most strenuously
insist upon the admission of these represent-
atives as unconstitutional and void. How wiil
you apply the test? Will this House sit hi judg-
ment upon each particular claimant, and by
evidence pro and con determine his standing
in this respect? Will it inquire into his private
as well as public utterances, review his minute
as well as prominent acts, for the purpose of
ascertaining what may be his secret opinions?
For it is the intentions of the heart, and not
merely the language of the month, that must fix
his character. And when all evidence is heard,
it is at last but the majority that must decide,
and the test of individual loyalty would come
to be but a plank in a political platform. And
if this condition is to be applied, shall it be
alone applicable to representatives from the
rebellious States, or be made alike applicable
to all? And shall it be a condition-precedent
only, or may it not be a condition-subsequent
as well; and may not the test be applied to de-
termine whether we, who now sit here, shall be
permitted longer to remain, with quite as much
propriety as to determine whether those now out
shall be permitted to come in? And if appli-
cable to all, when will its application cease?
Will the principle have spent its force with the
present Congress? Even if it should, I very
much fear me that with the full representation
of the southern States on this floor, the further
term of service of the venerable gentleman from
Pennsylvania, at least, would be short indeed.
I cannot but regard this principle, though spe-
cious and plausible in theory, as most mischiev-
ous, indeed ruinous, in practice.
But it is said that taxation and representation
go hand in hand, and that without representa-
tion here the Government, lias 110 constitutional
authority to tax the southern people. I can
now call to mind no one who has had the bold-
ness yet. upon this lloor, to claim that the entire
people of the rebellious States should be ad-
mitted at once to the full exercise of the elect-
ive franchise to the same extent as if no rebel-
lion had taken place, or that the same freedom
to sclect whom they may please to represent
them here exists now as then. Whatever may
be the fact, it has not yet been publicly stated
that Jefferson Davis or John C. Breckinridge
would be welcomed as Kepresentat ives upon this
lloor. But, sir, what is representation in the
sense in which these gentlemen apply it thus?
Is it the choice by the few, who might be able
to truthfully swear that they had not borne arms
against the Government, of men to fill these
vacant seats? Or is it the selection of men,
undei executive or other dictation, whose par-
ticular principles the voter loathes? And is
it for this empty shadow of representation that
those disfranchised are to barter to you the
right to impose taxation, and with this are they
to be told that they are receiving full constitu-
tional rights of the citizens of States possessing
their full power? Who are the men to-day that
represent the true sentiment and feeling of tlie&e
States? Are they those who fought for, or
against, the Government of your country ? Why,
sir, the old times seem to becoming back upon
us when in the other end of the Capitol we can
hear language like the following even from the
Senator of a State which did not succeed in
getting fully into the rebellion:
" Senators poem to think that ihoy hare the whole
power over this matter; hut they are mistaken. The
power ie^ts elsewhere; and 1 announce that this whole
matter can be legally and con^t itut ioiially settled in
ten duyt-, av, in one day. The third section ot the
second article of the Constitution provides that the
President shall, from time to time.^ivo to the Con-
gress information of thestate nfthe Union, and recom-
mend to their con.sidcration^uchmeabiue.>a?hc?han
judpro necessary or expedient. Here, sir, is a provis-
ion in the Constitution which require?! the President
to communicate to the two Houses of Congress infor-
mation as to the state of the Union, and to recommend
to them such measures as he shall deem proper and
expedient. What does this require him to do? Ho
hasto ascertain who composesthe two Houses of Con-
gress. It is his ri?iit. it is his constitutional Junction
to a^ccitain who constitute the two of Con-
gress. The membt rs of the Senate who are in favor
of the admission of the southern Senatois could get
into a conclave with those southern Senators any day;
and thoy would constitute a majority of tho Senate.
The President of tke United States has tho constitu-
tional option—it is hisfanction \ it is his pow^r; it is
nisright; and I would advise him to exercise it—he
has tho right at any day to ascertain, where there are
different bodies, members of the Senate contending,
which is the true Senate. If the southern members
and those who arc fur admitting them constitute a
majority of the whole Senate, the President ha.1? a
right—and, by the Eternal, he ought to exercise that
right forthwith, to-morrow, or auy other day—to rec-
ognize the Opposition here and the southern members
as a majority of the Senate."
The crack of the slave-driver's whip is dis-
tinctly perceptible here, and its echo is heard
all over the South, and among those who in the
North have been spies in your camp during all
this war, but one utterance of which, from the
Chicago Times, 1 will obtrude upon the notice
of this House. It says:
"If tho Rump Congress shall not speedily abandon
its sedi.ious,revolutionary, and'lawless practices; if
it shall persist in excluding tlie representatives of
eleven States from their rightful seats, and in oxcr-
ciMiif,' the powers of the Congress of the United
States, we do not hesitate to declare that it will be-
come the solemn duty of President Johnson to con-
stitute himself the Cromwell of the time, and dissolve
the llump by militaiy power."
To-day, sir, men arc fleeing from the South
for their lives, for 110 other crime than that they
have been true to your Government; and to-
day, thiough large portions of those States, tho
most hated banner that floats upon the breeze
under the whole heavens is the starry emblem
tlnit- hangs above your head. Sir, shall we give
representation hero to this prevalent sentiment
of disloyalty as the basis of our right to impose
taxation? Taxation lor what? To what pur-
pose would these men lay taxes upon your prop-
erty and their own ? Would it be to pay your
debt incurred in their subjugation? Would it
be to ptty pensions to those whom their own
hands had made widows ? Or, sir, would it not
rather be to pay their own debt incurred in their
treasonable but vain attempt at the destruction
of your Government? 1 warn, I beseech gen-
tlemen upon this lloor to beware how they yield
to this insidious doctrine. It, is but the wily
voice of the serpent in your Eden, which, under
the flattering promise of good, can bring you
only evil. The whole current history of affairs
in those States shows that the same spirit of
hostility is rife there now as existed during the
conflict of arms. If the principle, that the
light of taxation can only exist by virtue of
representation, isapplieable to the condition of
those States, then the distinction between trea-
son and loyalty ceases to exist, and your Gov-
ernmentbeeomesbut another name for anarchy.
Instead of having subdued the rebellion you
have but surrendered to it, and transferred the
conflict from the lield to these Halls, with fear-
ful disadvantage to yourselves.
Sir, I would not delay the return of repre-
sentatives from those States one hour beyond
the period when they can be admitted here
with safety to the Government. They would
not more gladly than myself hail the auspicious
moment when they should be received as mem-
bers of this body could I be assured that in
that act 110 danger was loreboded to the Repub-
lic. 1 look, sir, to 110 partisan aggrandizement,
and shape my course on these great issues with
no reference to mere partisan success. I stand
upon the vastly higher ground that the welfare
of the Government is superior to all party con-
siderations. To us that welfare is intrusted,
and we shall be unworthy of that high trust-if
clamor from any quarter against our action or
inaction here shall swerve us from the steady
course which statesmen should pursue. We
are told that three months and more of this
session have now passed and we have brought
forth no plan of restoration. Sir. tor thirty
years the plot of the destruction of the Govern-
ment was maturing. For four dark and terri-
ble years all the horrid enginery of war was
called in aid of the execution of that plot; and
sinco that has failed ij#arly one year of quasi
government and semi-anarchy has complicated
rather than elucidated the questions we are to
decide. Is it just that we shall be reproached
v/ith inactivity because in three short months
we have not solved problems more intricate
than were ever before presented for solution to
any human assembly? And that, too, when
