1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
407
Every one sees that that would exclude multi-
tudes of all classes of citizens, making the State
no longer republican but oligarchical. Yet
gentlemen say that under the Constitution Con-
gress is bound to see to it that each State shall
have a republican form of government.
The third objection I have to this amendment
is that it controls by implication that power,
because, while the Constitution now says that
Congress shall guaranty to every State a repub-
lican form of government, this amendment as
reported by the committee admits by implica-
tion that, although a State may so legislate as
to exclude these multitudes of men, not on ac-
count of race or color, but on account of prop-
erty, yet, nevertheless, she would have a repub-
lican form of government, and that Congress
will not and ought not to interfere.
Now, sir, I have been in the hope that in the
course of this discussion, these difficulties which
have occurred to me would be met and obviated.
I confess I have not heard them answered; and
for the reasons I have briefly stated I shall be
compelled to vote against the proposition as it
now stands reported from the committee. The
amendment which I propose will commend it-
self to the judgment of the House, as I believe,
as both radical and right, if any amendment
ought to he made, and while I do not say that I
will consent to no other amendment, I believe
that this as offered by me substantially effects
the change which should be made in our organic
law.
Mr. PIKE resumed the floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr.'Speaker, I ask if it
is in order now to move to strike out the instruc-
tion offered by my colleague and substitute
another instruction.
The SPEAKER. If it is only to amend the
amendment last offered it can be received under
the rule—to amend the amendment offered by
the gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Eliot]
and insert something in its stead.
Mr. SCHENCK. I then move to amend by
striking out the whole of the amendment of-
fered by the gentleman from Massachusetts,
and inserting the following:
Resolved bit the Senate and Jiouae of Representative$
of the United Statci of America in Con.rji-e.i-i assembled,
(two thirds of each House concurring,) That the fol-
lowing be proposed to the Legislatuiesof the several
States as ail amendment to the Constitution of the
"United States, which, when ratified by three fourths
of such Legislatures, shall become a part of the said
ConM-itution, in place of the third paragraph of tile
second section of the first article, to wit:
Representatives shall be apportioned among the
several States which may be included within this
(Jnion according to the number of male citizens of
the United States over twenty-one years of age hav-
ing tlie qualifications requisite for electors of the most
numerous branch of the State Legislature. The Con-
gress, at their first session after the ratification of this
amendment by the required number of States, shall
provide by law for the actual enumeration of such
votei-3; and such actual enumeration shall be sepa-
rately made in a general census of the population of
all the States within every subsequent term of ten
years, in such manner as the Congress may bylaw
direct. The number of Representatives shall not ex-
ceed one for every one hundred and twenty-live thou-
sand of actual population, but each State shall have at
least one Representative.
Mr. PIKE again resumed the floor.
Mr. KELLEY. Will the gentleman yield to
me for a few minutes?
Mr. PIKE. I have but a word or two to say;
I will yield after I have spoken.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will regard that
as agreed upon.
Mr. PIKE. Mr. Speaker, I did not intend
to take any part in this debate; but as I offered
a resolution on the assembling of the House
after the holidays, which expresses the idea con-
tained in this resolution proposed by the com-
mittee, and as upon reflection 1 have come to
the conclusion that that resolution does not
accomplish the purpose I intended, and I there-
fore prefer the basis indicated by the resolution
just offered by the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr.
Sciiexok,] 1 desire briefly to give my reasons
for changing my opinion.
Of course, Mr. Speaker, the only object of j
embodying our legislation in the Constitution]
in the i'orm of an amendment is permanency. ;
Otherwise, at the present juncture of affairs, we i
conid get on and accomplish the purposes we
have in view by ordinary congressional legisla-
tion. But as that is not irreversible, we prefer
going through the proper formula and setting in
operation the cumbersome machinery necessary
to a constitutional amendment, that it may be
far-reaching in its effects, and accomplish our
purpose in the next generation as well as in
this.
Now, what are these purposes we wish to ac-
complish? Of course there are but two. One
is to lessen the political power of the South;
the other is to protect the colored population of
the country. I know of no other objects to be
accomplished by a constitutional amendment.
I am free to say that with the first of these
purposes I have but comparatively little sympa-
thy. I have the honor to represent a district
which for the future will be much more inti-
mately connected by social ties and by commer-
cial relations with the South than with the west-
ern sections of the country. And it so happens
now that my district produces nothing, grows
nothing, manufactures nothing that goes west
of the mountains, except it may bean occasional
dry codfish, and that 1 see gentlemen here from
that section anxious to get rid of by abolishing
fishing bounties. [Laughter.] It is true that
we now send an emigration westward; but under
the changed aspect of affairs, when present dis-
turbances shall be composed, that will probably
go southward instead. There arc many articles
that my district will produce for southern con-
sumption, and their rude agriculture will as
heretofore furnish abundant employment for our
tonnage. So that after a generation shall have
passed—a generation which I hope and trust
will be punished amply and fully for the great
offenses it has committed against this Govern-
ment—after a generation has passed, and the
passions of men have subsided, it would hardly
be good statesmanship for me to wish to leave
a constitutional amendment in operation that
shall strike at and cripple the energies of a
section from which, under the happy auspices
of freedom to all, we have so much to expect.
With the other purpose to be accomplished
by a constitutional amendment I have full sym-
pathy. It is the only purpose for which at the
present, time I will support an amendment with
regard to representation ; and that is, to pro-
tect the colored population of the South.
Nowjifitbe necessary to arm the colored people
with the ballot in order to enable them to defend
the freedom we have just given them, it would
be best to support the amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, or some simi-
lar amendment, which shall in proper and fitting
terms do the very thing it is intended to accom-
plish. But it is said with great force, and I
have no doubt quite correctly, that no amend-
ment of that character can jiass, and that it is
useless to submit such a one to the States when
it is sure of rejection. Yielding that point, half-
way measures are to be adopted, something in
the nature of dodges are to be incorporated into
the Constitution, and the question is narrowed
down to the consideration of what kind of a
one we shall put in.
Now, I have not heard the remarks made this
morning, but yesterdaj' various reasons were
given very forcibly—someby the gentleman from
Rhode Island [Mr. Ji.xckes] and some by other
gentlemen—why, if this constitutional amend-
ment should be adopted. our purpose would not
be accomplished ; and that purpose is, as I un-
derstand it, simply to coerce the States into
giving, what wc- will not do directly , the ballot to
the colored population of the South. Those
reasons were forcible, and, as far as Ihave heard,
unanswerable. I may add another, and 1 do it
with all due deference to the superior wisdom
of the gentlemen of the joint committee, and
that is this: suppose this constitutional amend-
ment in full force, ami a Slate should provide
that the light of suffrage should not be exer-
cised by any person who had been a slave, or
who was the descendant of a slave, whatever his
race or color. I submit that it is a serious mat-
ter of doubt whether or not that simple provis-
ion would notbe sufficient to defeat this constitu-
tional amendment which we here so laboriously
enact and submit to the States.
Mr. CONKLING-. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a question ?
Mr. PIKE. Certainly.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I wish to ask the gentle-
man to explain this to the House. The amend-
ment which we are proposing is not to take
effect in Greece or Rome, or anywhere where
anybody besides Africans were held as slaves.
It is to operate in this country, where one race
and onlyone has been held in servitude. Now,
I ask the gentleman as a lawyer, reading the
amendment, as all amendments must be read,
in the light of surrounding circumstances,
whether there would be place enough for a
dove to put down the sole of her foot upon to
give the idea that any one would be shut, out
by such legislation as he speaks of except men
of African descent, the negro race? And if
this be so, I ask him of what importance, prac-
tically, is his criticism ?
Mr. PIKE. I understand perfectly the in-
tention of the distinguished gentleman from
New York in pressing this amendment. I also
understand, and this is my reply to him, that
in no State in the South has slavery been con-
fined to any one race. So far as I am ac-
quainted with their statutes, in no State has
slavery been confined to the African race. I
know of no slave statute, and I have examined
the matter with some care, which says that
Africans alone shall be slaves. So much for
race. As to color, it was a common thing
throughout the whole South to advertise runa-
way slaves as having light hair and blue eyes
and all the indications of the Caucasian race,
and "passing themselves off for white men."
I say further to the honorable gentleman from
New York, that well-authenticated instances
exist in every slave State where men of Cau-
casian descent, of Anglo-Saxon blood, have
been confined in slavery, and they and their
posterity held as slaves. So that not only free
blacks were found everywhere, but white slaves
also abounded.
Now, one word further. Let me put an-
other case
Mr. CONKLING. Before the gentleman
passes from that point I would like a little
information. I do not wish to press it if the
gentleman has any objection.
Mr. PIKE. I do not care to have a speech
injected into my remarks. I therefore decline
to yield.
There is one other proposition that I have
not heard suggested. Suppose a State should
adopt an educational qualification, and then
not do, as the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Farxswobtii] says, deny to arace or persons ot
a particular color this educational privilege—
for that would be a law upon the statute-book
that we could take advantage of here—but
suppose that after adopting this educational
qualification, it should fail to provide that these
people whom we now know to be ignorant, shall
hereafter be educated, should simply let them
severely alone. Or suppose that they inter-
pose such restrictions by indirect laws as to
practically prevent them from being educated.
Then what becomes of the constitutional amend-
ment? I submit that proposition with all due
respect to those gentlemen who have this in
charge.
Well, then, if this amendment, proposed as
a half-way measure, and for the purpose oi
accomplishing the two objccts that we will not
try to accomplish directly, fails to bring about
either of the purposes which it is desirable tc
compass, why should this House give it a sanc-
tion? If wc are to have a dodge, let us atleasl
have one that will hold water when wantec
for use.
As to the other proposition, I know that there
are objections to the basis proposed by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexc'K.] Some of
those objections have been very ably and prop-
erly stated here. But if such a proposition be
sent back to the joint committee, I have no
