1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2431
The SPEAKER. If objection be made the
resolution will go over under the rule if it
gives rise to debate.
Mr. KELLEY. An award has been made,
which has already given rise to many objec-
tions. And as the Committee on Appropria-
tions have been ordered to prepare a bill
making an appropriation 
'Mr. KASSON. I think the House has made
no such order.
Mr. KELLEY. "We have passed a resolu-
tion instructing the Committee on Appropria-
tions 011 that subject-.
Mr. KASSON. The resolution was simply
referred. I would ask the gentleman if he
knows of any action of the Committee on Ap-
propriations which makes it necessary to ask
the House to enjoin the committee from early
action.
Mr. KELLEY. This is intended merely to
guard against the subject being acted on by the
Committee on Appropriations before the Com-
mittee of Claims shall have inquired into the
propriety of the award.
Mr. KASSON. The order of the House
directing the Committee of Claims to inquire
into the subject, I presume, would be sufficient
for the Committee on Appropriations.
Mr. KELLEY. Very well; I will modify
my resolution by striking out that portion which
relates to the Committee on Appropriations j
and also substitute the word "distribution"
for the word " award." It will then be a sim-
ple resolution instructing the Committee of
Claims to inquire into the propriety of the dis-
tribution of the rewards.
Mr. FARNSWOliTH. The Committee on
Appropriations have the subject before them
with a design to inquire into it. But we are
not instructed to report any appropiiation.
Mr. STEVENS. I think my colleague on
the Committee on Appropriations [Mr. Fakxs-
wortb] is mistaken. After the subject was
referred to the committee suggestions were
made that the subject should be investigated.
And one day, when my colleague [Mr. Farxs-
worth] was not present, I believe, the com-
mittee agreed that we would postpone action
upon it until some other committee shall have
investigated it, if it should be brought before
them.
Mr. KASSON. I hope this subject will go
to the Committee of Claims.
Mr. KELLEY. The Committee of Claims,
I think, is the proper committee to consider
this subject; and therefore I now call the pre-
vious question.
The resolution was again read, as modified:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the fairness and propriety of
the distribution of the rewards offered for the arrest
of Jefferson Davis and the conspirators to murder
President Lincoln.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
4ion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
nott and company.
Mr. SCOFIELD introduced a bill for the
relief of Nott & Co.; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Commit-
tee of Claims.
equalization 05 bounties.
Mr. STROUSE presented the joint resolu-
tions of the Legislature of the State of Penn-
sylvania in favor of equalization of bounties;
which were ordered to be printed, and referred
to the Committee on Military Affairs.
export duty on cotton.
Mr. STEVENS introduced a joint resolu-
tion proposing an amendment to the Constitu-
tion of the United States; which was read a
first and second time.
The question was upon ordering the joint
resolution to be engrossed and read a third
time.
The joint resolution was read in full. It
proposes to submit to the Legislatures of the
several States the following article as an amend-
ment to the Constitution of the United States:
Article —. Congress shall have power to lay and
levy tax or duty on cotton exported from tho United
States.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion.
Mr. LE BLOND. If that joint resolution
gives rise to debate, does it not go over under
the rule ?
The SPEAKER. If the previous question
is not Seconded, and debate arises on the joint
resolution it would go over under the rule.
Mr. LE BLOND. Then we will filibuster
a little.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question there were—ayes 36, noes 38; no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Mr. Stevexs, and Mr.
Randall of Pennsylvania.
Mr. STEVENS. I wanttomodifymy motion
a little. I move that the resolution be referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, with in-
structions to report within one week. I desire
to add these instructions, because in the earlier
part of the session a similar resolution was, on
my motion, referred to that committee, from
which we have never received a report on the
subject.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to say, in
reply to what the gentleman has said, that the
gentleman has had no such resolution referred
to the Committee on the Judiciary, so far as
my knowledge extends.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Is this resolution debat-
able?
Tho SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired; and the resolution goes over until
next Monday, unless the gentleman offers it
in a modified form now.
Mr. STEVENS. I offer the resolution, to
bo referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
The SPEAKE R. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania asks consent, the morning hour hav-
ing expired, to introduce a resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND. 1 object.
Mr. FAIINS WORTH. T move to suspend
the rules for the purpose of allowing the reso-
lution lo bo introduced and referred.
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays on the motion to suspend the rules.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I desire to ask,
what is the present motion of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania? Does he propose-fco refer
the resolution with any instructions?
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw that part of the
motion with regard to instructions.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. As there
is now no proposition to refer with instruc-
tions, I hope the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lb Blond] will withdraw the call for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I desire to know whether
the resolution has not already been introduced,
and whether it has not gone over under the
rules.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Farnsworth] has moved to suspend
the rules, the morning hour having expired, for
the purpose of proceeding to the consideration
of the resolution, on which the gentleman from
Pennsylvania does not desire action at the pres-
ent time, but which he simply desires to have
referred.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Can the rules he sus-
pended to allow the introduction of a resolu-
tion which has already been introduced and
has gone over?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois moved to suspend the rules to bring the
resolution before the House. _ That suspension
would include the rule requiring the resolution
to go over, as well as all other rules which may
stand in the way of the consideration of the
resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND. If this resolution is not
to be reported back within a week, lam willing
to withdraw my call for the yeas and nays. My
chief object is to have these constitutional
amendments postponed as long as possible, so
as to preserve for as long a period as we can
the principles of our Government from the
bands of tlie radicals.
Mr. SPALDING. I object to debate.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to; and the joint resolution was introduced,
read a first and second time, and referred -to
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. ELDRIDGE moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was referred;
and also moved that the motion 10 reconsider
be laid on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled bills signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled bills
and a joint resolution of the following titles;
which were thereupon signed by the Speaker:
An act (S. No. 90) enlarging the powers of
the levy court of the county of Washington,
in the District of Columbia;
An act (H. R. No. 473) to extend the juris-
diction of the Court of Claims;
An act (H. R. No. 214) for the benefit of Col-
onel R. E. Bryant;
xin act (H. R. No. 347) for the relief of R.
L. B. Clarke;
An act (H. R. No. 238) to amend an act
entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
cases," approved March 3, 1863; and
Joint resolution (H. R. No. 107) forth (^relief
of Rev. Harrison Heermance, late chaplain of
the one hundred and twenty-eighth regiment
New York volunteers.
smithsonian institution.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent, laid
before the House a communication from Pro-
fessor Henry, Secretary of the Smithsonian
Institution, transmitting his annual report for
the year 1865 ; which was laid on the table, and
ordered to be printed.
me. Bancroft's oration.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
I have received and' desire to lay before the
House a letter from Hon. George Bancroft, who
delivered the memorial address on Abraham
Lincoln, together with some correspondence
of Lord Russell. I desire that the whole shall
be printed and referred to the joint committee
on the memorial to President Lincoln. I think
the House will be entertained and instructed by
the reading of the correspondence; and I ask
that it be read.
Several Members. Let us hear it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Lord Russell to Mr. Adams.
Chesham Place, February 28,1866.
Dear Mr. Adams: I observe in tho Daily News of
yesterday extracts from a speech of Mr Bancroft
delivered in the House of Representatives on the
12th instant.
In this speech Mr. Bancroft is represented to have
said, referring to the breaking out of the civil war:
"The British Secretary of State for Foreign Allaire
made haste to send word through the palaces of fcu-
ropo that tho great Republic was in its agony, that
tfie Republic was no more, that a headstone was all
that remained due by the law of nations to the l&te
Union.'" , _ , ,
As words pronounced on such an occasion and by
,«o eminent a man as Mr. Bancroft may have an etleet
far beyond the injury which my personal charact er
might suffer, T must request you to convey to Mr.
Bancroft my denial of the truth of his allegations,
and to refer him to facts of a totally opposite char-
acter. „ , . t _
Soon after the news of the resistance m arms of
the southern States to the Government of the Union
arrived in this country, a. member of the House of
Commonsstatedin hisplacethatthebubbleot repub-
licanism had burst.
I replied in the same debate that the bubole or
republicanism had not burst, and that if the curso
of slavery still hung about the United States it was
England who had made them the gift of tho poisoned
garment which was now their torment.
In fact I never had any doubt that whether the
United States consented to separation or pursued
the war to extremity the great western Republic
would remain, happily for the world, a powertui
and independent republic. „ , j
The authors of the Declaration of Independence
in declaring for separation from Great Britain, alter
enumerating their complaints of her conduct, go on
to say: "We must therefore acquiesce in the neces-
sity which dcnounccs our separation, and hold tnem,
as we hold the rest of mankind, enemies m war, in
p'That w^hould be enemies in war is easily under-
I stood, but when we are at pea.ee* why should we not
