1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2433
TAX ON CRUDE PETROLEUM.
Mr. GARFIELD. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee of Ways and
Means, for consideration at the present time,
a joint resolution to provide for the exemption
of crude petroleum from internal tax or duty,
"ind for other purposes.
Mr. UPSON. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules for the purpose of allowing the introduc-
tion and present consideration of the joint
resolution.
Mr. LE BLOND. I ask that the resolution
be read for the information of the House.
The Clerk road the resolution. It provides
that paraffine oil, not exceeding in specific
gravity thirty-six degrees Baume hydrometer,
the product of a residuum of distillation, crude
petroleum, and crude oil, the product of the
first and single distillation of coal, shale, as-
phaltum, peat, and other bituminous sub-
stances, shall, from and after the passage of
this joint resolution, be exempt from internal
tax or duty.
Mr. fa RXSWORTH. As the House is
about to proceed at once to the consideration
of the internal revenue bill, I do not see why
this matter should not be considered in connec-
tion with that bill.
The SPEAKER. The motion to suspend
the rules is not debatable except by unanimous
consent
Mr. MORRILL. If the House will hoar
two or three words in explanation of this meas-
ure, I do not believe a single member of the
House will object to the consideration and
adoption of this resolution at the present time.
The parties manufacturing this oil are sub-
jected to a tax so heavy as to prevent abso-
lutely the manufacture of the article with any
profit to the manufacturer. The manufacturers
being consequently compelled to stop their
•operations, their emjdoyfes have become riot-
ous, and are destroying large numbers of the
wells. It seems to me, Mr. Speaker, that, as
we propose to relieve this tax on the 1st of
July, we might as well do it now, so as to allow
these manufacturers to resume their business.
Mr. UPSON. I withdraw my objection.
Mr. ROSS. I renew the objection.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move to suspend the
rules.
The House was divided; and there were—
ayes 90, noes 13.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds
voting in favor thereof.
The joint resolution was then received, and
read a first and second time.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous
•question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time; and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. GARFIELD moved to reconsider the
vote by which the joint resolution was passed ;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Mr. Speaker, as to-mor-
row has been fixed for taking up the report of
the joint committee on reconstruction, I wish
to suggest, inasmuch as it has been largely
discussed, and there are still a considerable
number of members who wish to speak, the
speeches on that subject shall be confined to
thirty minutes. Though on our part we have
the laboring oar, yet I am satisfied we shall be
limited to thirty minutes, so that a larger num-
ber of members may be heard. If there be no
particular objection, I shall offer the following
resolution. If there is any great objection, I
•do not intend to press it. I want the consti-
tutional amendment sent to the Senate, to see
• what they will do with it.
The Clerk read as follows:
Beeohied, That during the discussion of the con-
39th Coxg. 1st Sess.—No. 153.
stitutional amendment proposed by the committee
no speech shall exceed thirty minutes, nor shall the
motion to extend tho time of any member bo enter-
tained.
Mr. ROSS. Tliat will not prevent a motion
to print.
The SPEAKER. It will not.
Mr. RAYMOND. ' I beg to inquire of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania whether it would
not suit the convenience of the committee and
the House to let that question lie over until the
tax bill shall have been disposed of. If we go
on with the tax bill to-day, and to-morrow with
the report on reconstruction, it will leave a gap
in the discussion. We may finish the tax bill
in two or three days.
Mr. STEVENS. Wo have to some extent
considered that. We think it important this
should pass and be sent to the Senate so they
may have it before them. We then propose
the accompanying bills shall bo postponed
to suit the convenience of tho House so that
the tax bill or any other may be proceeded
with.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hope there will be no
such postponement.
Mr. NIBLACK. I desire to know whether
an opportunity will be afforded to offer amend-
ments to the proposed constitutional amend-
ment.
Mr. STEVENS. This has of course nothing
to do with that question. We intend to be lib-
oral ill allowing time for discussion. I only
offer this so a larger number of gentlemen may
bo heard before it becomes necessary to close
debate. The discussion must be brought to a
close within a reasonable time. We desire to
be liberal. We have already discussed the
question so much that I think thirty minutes
will be long enough.
Mr. BANKS. Mr. Speaker, I suppose this
series of measures is proposed in good faith
as a means of settling the difficulties of the
country. The committee has taken a long
time to consider the subject, but not too long,
but there ought to be some opportunity given
to discuss it. 1 do not think any time expended
in the discussion of these measures, either for
or against them, is time lost to the country.
It will be discussed and understood by the
people, and it is much better for the commit-
tee as well as for tho House, that the discus-
sion here should be full and thorough. I hope
the gentleman will not press for a limitation of
discussion until the House shall have shown at
least a tendency, if not a disposition, to con-
sume time improperly.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman knows we
can only make this arrangement to-day.
Mr. SCOFIELD. How many gentlemen
have signified their intention to speak ?
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, there is a list as long
as my arm. [Laughter.]
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Do we understand the
proposition to be that we are to consider the
three measures that are proposed as one sub-
ject? It is thought by gentlemen on this side
that these three measures are in fact one, and
that the discussion ought to be had upon them
all together. I think we may as well discuss
the constitutional amendment and the other
two measures' at the same time rather than
discuss them separately. They were reported
as a series of measures upon the same sub-
ject.
Mr. STEVENS. i will say to tho gentle-
man that as different days are fixed for the
hearing of the different measures the subject
must properly be considered in that way. We
cannot take them up and pass them all to-
gether. i will say, however, that if the first
measure is acted upon, whether passed or de-
feated, it is expected, if the House desire it,
that the fairest debate shall be allowed on the
other measures also. But the debate which i
now propose to limit to thirty minutes is only
on the one measure.
Mr. FINCIv. i desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman whether he has in his-own mind fixed
any time when he will call the previous ques-
tion upon th^s proposed amendment to the
Constitution. I would like to know how long
tho discussion is likely to be permitted to
continue.
Mr. STEVEN'S. I have not. I intended to
be governed by the desire of the House very
much in regard to that, allowing a very candid
discussion. I am sure it will not be asked to
procrastinate it l'aetiously.
Mr. FINCK. Certainly not.
Mr. STEVENS. On our part, I can only
speak for one, it is the intention to allow tho
largest and fairest debate desired by any mem-
ber of the House.
Mr. FINCK. That is satisfactory.
The SPEAKER. Is there objection to the
consideration of the resolution?
Mr. BANKS. ^ I object.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to suspend the
rules for tho purpose of introducing"the reso-
lution.
Mr. SCHENCK. Before that question is
put I desire to make a suggestion. The
If'entleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs]
Intimated his purpose after having disposed of
the main proposition, the amendment to the
Constitution, to defer the consideration of tho
other special orders which are to follow in their
turn. Now, regarding these different measures
as gentlemen on the other side say, all as part
of one whole, I trust when we enter upon the
consideration of this business in one of its parts
wo will continue until the whole matter is dis-
posed of. I merely make this remark now so
as not to be considered as concluded or as
having been understood to agree to any prop-
osition of that kind which is thrust upon us
now.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not propose to do
anything exccpt what the House may desire.
The motion to suspend the rules was agreed
to, two thirds voting in favor thereof.
The question recurred on agreeing to tho
resolution.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I suggest to the
gentleman to modify the resolution so as-to
provide that at the evening session speeches
may be made of an hour's duration.
Several Mkmiigrs. Oh, no.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire that the evening
session shall be for action. I call tho previous
question.
The SPEAKER. The House has prescribed
a" morning hour" in the morning and evening
session both.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it
provided for yet in the evening?
The SPEAKER. It is not provided for yet,
but the House has ordered that whenever an
evening session shall be held the first hour
shall be considered the same as a "morning
hour.'' During tho debate on the constitu-
tional amendment that will be the first business
in the morning after the reading of the Joilrnal,
so that there will practically be no morning
hour.
Mr. LE BLOND. I suggest to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania whether he had not
better amend his resolution so as to embrace
the other two propositions coming from the
committee, so as to limit debate on eaeh one
to half an hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not know that I un-
derstand the suggestion—whether the gentle-
man desires that the thirty minutes shall apply
to them all; but at present I do not wish to
compel members to discuss three questions in
the thirty minutes.
Mr. RADFORD. I would suggest the pro-
priety of striking out the last part of the reso-
lution prohibiting the extension of .time to any
gentleman.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot do that. We
have nullified the hour rule already, so that it
amounts to nothing; and I do not want the
rule nullified when it reduces the time to thirty
minutes.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under, the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the'vote
by which the resolution was adopted; and also
