1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
gave us the Constitution they meant that within
•the wide limits of our country the measure of
.one man's political rights should ascertain the
extent of those of every other man dwelling
beneath that dome which is the fit canopy for
a continent, the Constitution of the United
States.
A few words more and I shall have done.
ThepoWerwhichtheframers of the Constitution
believed they had incorporated in it is essential
not only to protect the negro but the white man.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Conkliko]
said that but one race had been enslaved. His
hasty assertion has been well qualified by the elo-
quent gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Pike;] but
I beg leave to add a word to what he has so well
said. The assertion that white person shave been
sold into slavery does not depend on common
report, but is proven by the reports of the supe-
rior courts of almost every southern State. One
poor German woman, who had arrived in our
country at thirteen years of age, was released
from slavery by the supreme court of Louisiana,
but not until she had become the mother of three
mulatto children, her owner having mated her
with one of his darker slaves. Toward the close
of the last century the supreme court of New
Jersey decided that American Indians could be
reduced to and legally held in slavery. And
so long ago as 1741 while slave women were so
common in North Carolina that the Legislature
passed a law dooming to slavery the child of
every "while servant woman" born ofanJndian
father.
Sir, under the infernal system of American
slavery all races have been enslaved. I remem-
ber taking from this District what was known
here as a negro boy, and who, though free, was
the associate of slaves; but in my home, where
he was known as the companion of my own child,
nobody suspected a taint in his blood. I placed
him among the children of the most respecta-
ble people in the country, in the celebrated in-
stitute of learning maintained near my residence
bymyfriend, Rev. Professor E.D.Saunders, and
though he was there the playmate of more than
a hundred boys, none suspected a taint in his
blood; and for nearly a year he attended one of
our populous grammar schools, where he min-
gled with well nigh a thousand children; and
when he returned to his worthy father's roof in
this District, nobodybutheand myself knew that
he was returning to the degradation imposed
by our laws on the American citizen of African
descent in the capital of his country.
But still further. The enforcement of this long
dormant power of the Constitution is needed by
the wise, the strong, and the wealthy of our
country, as well as by the poor, the ignorant,
and the weak. There is now pen ding before the
Legislature of regenerated, and as gentleman
would have us believe, reconstructed Virginia,
a bill to require five year's residence on the part
of citizens of other States who may invest their
capital and settle within the sacred limits of the
Old Dominion before they can acquire citizen-
ship. If they may pass a limitation of five years,
why may they not pass a limitation of fifty?
Why will not any limitation that comes within
the ordinary duration of human life be admis-
sible?
Sir, if Congress cannot control the question
of suffrage by exercising the power which Mad-
ison and his colaborers in the Federal and Vir-
ginia conventions believed they had vested in
the Constitution, what restraint is there upon
such legislation as this, and how can it enforce
the first clause of section two of article four of
that Constitution, which provides that'1 the citi-
zens of each State shall be entitled to all privi-
leges and immunities of citizens in the several
States?" Gentlemen toll me that this is a new
construction of the Constitution, and I reply
that it is the true one, which is enough for me,
and that the old and false one was the fruitful
source of discord and war and misery.
Sir, if we do not assert this power, which the
men of Virginia, when they adopted the Con-
stitution of the United States, knew to be in it,
how can we restrain them from debarring north-
ern emigrants from citizenship in their States?
I proved the other day that the Convention of
that State adopted the Constitution in the face
of the fact that an exposition of the meaning of
tlio word "manner,'' which embraced the idea
upon which I now insist, had been given-to it.
And I have now given you the evidence that
the whole country, so early as the 9tli of Au-
gust, 178T, two years before the final adoption
of the Constitution, were informed that that
word in the clause in question embraced not
merely the method of voting, the place of voting,
and the order of voting, but the grand funda-
mental question of who should vote, and by what
power they might be invested with the right of
suffrage.
Mr. BROMWELL. I will inquire, Mr.
Speaker, if this question is now in a condition
that any amendment or substitute can be offered.
_ The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
six amendments are pending now. The only
one that could be offered would be to amenil
the amendment of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevens,j which was, to add the
word "therein" in the fifteenth line. No other
amendment would be in order now, the whole
legislative power to amend being exhausted.
Mr. BROMWELL. That is what I appre-
hended. And it is difficult to see, among all
the amendments which are now pending, any
one of them, or any combination of them, that
will meet the desire of the majority, not to say
two thirds of this House. I apprehend that the
members of this House desire to act so as to
sccure the support of a proper majority here.
I apprehend also that they desire to make this
amendment such that it will meet with the sanc-
tion of a sufficient number of the States of the
Union to make it effectual. Now, sir, it is in
vain for this Congress to launch an amendment
which shall die on the road through the Legis-
latures. We hear objections urged here to the
basis of representation upon actual voters. Is
there not sufficient reason to believe that if this
amendment were adopted it would perish for
want of the sanction of three fourths of the
Legislatures of the United States? How many
States can we afford to lose? It is one thing
for us to make an amendment that shall satisfy
this body: it is another thing to make an amend-
ment that shall be proclaimed as a part of the
fundamental law of this land.
I have objections, fundamental objections, to
the resolution reported by this committee. In
the first place, the objection that has so often
been noticed in this debate, that this provision
is loose, is well taken. It allows its own object
to be defeated by leaving the door wide open
for any State to prescribe a property qualifica-
tion, and thereby practically disfranchise the
very class of persons that this amendment is
designed to protect.
Why. it does more than this. sir. Inmy opin-
ion, it offers a premium to the oligarchy of any
State, to the oligarchical principle in any State,
to surround itself with a disqualifying law, as
by that means, if the disqualification be placed
upon any other ground than color or race, such
oligarchy can have Representatives in this Hall,
and deny, as it inclines ever to deny, the elect-
ive franchise to the body of the people.
Sir, the instruction offered by the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Lawrence] has this merit, that, it
does not leave that door open ; but several of the
other amendments offered here leave this door
open. They would allow a State like North Car-
olina, bv a law providing that for some frivolous
office all may vote, to deelaie herself a State ill
which all aie voters, and thereupon demand rep-
resentation here. It is true, the amendment
offered by the gentleman from Ohio does say,
"voters qualified to vote for the most numer-
ous branch of the State Legislaturebut that
amendment, inmy opinion, is nothing more than
an amendment providing for a basis of repre-
sentation according to actual voters. Now, the
proper mode of arranging the basis of repre-
sentation is according to the population of the
class who do vote. For instance, if the black
man is debarred from voting, make the basis of
representation the white population, a®d not the
white voters; and if black men and white men
both vote, then make the basis of representa-
tion the white and black population; if .the In-
dian vote, extend the basis accordingly.
An amendment which I did intend to propose
would provide for these several difficulties. In
tlm first place, it would obviate the objection
which comes to us from the New England States
against making mere votes the basis of repre-
sentation. In the next place, it would provide
against the difficulty which is let in upon us by
this amendment to the Constitution offered by the
committee; and lastly, it would provide against
one difficulty which exists in every amend-
ment heretofore offered, and that is this: there
is not an amendment which has been proposed
upon this floor but what leaves the door open
for any State that chooses to disfranchise its
black population and to admit its females to
the right of suffrage; and they, being voters,
are to be counted in fixing the basis of repre-
sentation on this floor.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman mis-
apprehends entirely the tendency of my amend-
ment. The amendment which I proposed, and
which I have since repeated in the form of a
substitute for the instructions to be given to the
committee, contains some three or four limita-
tions upon the qualifications of voters. They
are to be such persons as shall be made voters
by the States, having the qualifications requisite
for the electors of the most numerous branch of
the State Legislature, as we have the clause now
in the Constitution; but in addition to that they
must be males, they must be citizens of the Uni-
ted States, and they must be over twenty-one
years of age; and no one is included within the
scope of that amendment who does not come
within all of those descriptive words.
Mr. BROMWELL. In alluding to the gen-
tleman from Ohio, I had reference to the gen-
tleman [Mr. Lawrence] who introduced the
instructions now pending to be given to the com-
mittee on reconstruction in case the joint reso-
lution should be recommitted to them. I spoke
concerning his proposition, audit does not pro-
vide against the cases I have stated, as I under-
stand it.
' Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. The proposi-
tion I submitted provides that males only shall
vote. It does exclude women.
Mr. BltOMWELL. Well then, sir, I appre-
hend that the sum and substance of the amend-
ment proposed is to base representation upon
the number of voters in the State; that is, upon
the legally qualified male voters, and that amend-
ment, so far as 1 am concerned, 1 am ready to
accept. 1 doubt, however, our being able to
carry it before the Legislatures. 1 think there
are several things that we ought to consider here:
first, we want an amendment that will satisfy
this House; secondly, an amendment that will
do justice; and thirdly, an amendment that will
become effectual.
I will read the amendment that I intended to
propose merely that the ideas embodied in it
may be communicated to gentlemen who ma}'
desire hereafter to alter the phase which this
matter has assumed. I should have proposed,
and shall now propose at the first opportunity,
this as the basis of representation:
Representation in the House of Representatives of
the United States shall be apportioned among the
different States in the same proportion to tho whole
number of inhabitants in each State respectively
(excluding Indians not taxed) as tho number of male
ciLuens qualified by the laws of such States to vote
for representatives in the most numerous branch of
the Legislature thereof is to tho whole number of
such citizens in such States, the enumeration and
apportionment thereof to be made in such manner
as Congress shall by law direct.
I believe that I am safe in saying that a
representation based upon that apportionment
would be such that whether a State disfranchised
its citizens by property qualification, or by race '
or color, its basis of representation in this
House would diminish precisely in proportion
to the votes cut off.
For instance, we will suppose that a State
has seventy thousand inhabitants, of which ten
