1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
im
by treaty of annexation it became one of the
United States of America ; and running its ped-
igree back and tracing its lineage the other way,
in the ascending line, we find it was once a part
of Spain; and before the Spanish conquest,
and in the days of the Montezumas, a part, per-
haps, of the Aztec republic. I think it belonged
once to Prance and was part of Louisiana, pur-
chased by the United States with that territory
and again traded off to Spain, and what it is
now God only knows. I once saw a couplet,
supposed to be written by an emigrant to those
parts :
"When even' other land rejects us,
We puck our kit and go to Texas."
I presume if the author of this piece of sub-
limity has not been hung, or met some such
untimely fate, he might be able to solve the
question, i think, in the case of Texas at least,
we must hold that a State cannot go out, at
least cannot go out for gtfod, and bid us atinal
and everlasting farewell, though it may be au- I
dacious enough to go a whoring after strange
gods for a time. We cannot afford to lose
Texas; it cost too much money. It cost us
$10,000,000 at the beginning, not counting the
cost of the Mexican war nor the money and
Wood expended in whipping her out of her
recent rebellion. They are a jolly set of boys
down in Texas; at least they were a few years
ago, when 1 was among them on a temporary
visit. To illustrate: I was at a hotel in the
town of Gonzales ; 1 think it was in the year of
grace, that is. A. D. LStSO. It was at a time
when wor.deiful tales were told in regard to
Indian barbarities. While there a well-dressed
and good-looking gentleman, who was called
captain, came in and said that twenty white fam-
ilies, men. women, and children, had been mur-
dered, a day or two before, ar a point some Ibi tv
or fifty miles distant, by the Camanehe Indians,
and that he was raising a company of brave and
determined men to go in pursuit. There was
at. the time quite a crowd in the room to whom
he related what I have repeated.
" Now," say- one of the group, using a good
deal of profanity that 1 will not repeat, lest it
should grate har-lilyon ears polite, "you don't
come tliat gh.ill'e oier this crowd. Don t we
know what}'ou'ie alter? It's plunder, horses,
anything that you can steal and confiscate. 1
think we'll all join your company and go
snooks; yes, wi 're all in, every last one of us.
To the victors belong the spiles. W c'll name
our company ' the Forty Thieves.' I think I see
us all a comin back to the white settlements,
every feller a leadin of a boss and breaking
down with plunder, but nary Injun scalp. Jobn
A. Murrill, that old thief and counterfeiter, is
dead. He used to kidnap niggers; and now
the devil has kidnapped him. If he had not
gone up the spout, he should be our chaplain ;
■we'll be might}- apt to need praying for iifore
we get back. We must hunt up a chaplain ; a
company ot brave and determined men without
one, might become demoralized.'1 At this point
the laugh came in, in which the whole crowd,
the captain included, participated; but 1 no-
ticed that he was stung, that the arrow had
sped to its object, that he at least did not rel-
ish the joke: but I heard no more of the ex-
pedition. The massacre was (If course all a
fabrication—all a humbug; the Indians had
killed nobody.
I thought this a good piece of badinage, bat-
ing the profanity and levity. It broke up an
expedition that had, I apprehend, but little
relish of salvation in it, and I was therefore
inclined to make some allowance for the hard
words. Uncle Toby, youreeollect, Mr. Speaker,
swore too, and yet we are told by the pious and
exemplary Sterne that because it was in a good
cause and with good intentions,on a tit occasion,
and under sufficient.provocation, that the accus-
ing spiritthat i 1 ew up to heaven's chancery with
the oath blushed as he gave it in; and that the
recording angel, as he wrote it down, dropped
a tear upon the word and blotted it out forever,
We must hold on to Texas, I chink, Mr,
Speaker. They were, at the time of which I
speak, a set of free and easy, gay and festive
39th Coxa. 1st Sess.— No. 93,
boys, I confess; still, I kind o' liked them, and
think that under the benign and chastening
influences of free institutions, free schools, free
Bibles, and freedom, they will !>e good and use-
ful citizens after awhile. We liiu.-i.! >v all means,
bold onto them in a kind of probaiionaiy state
for a time, and take them in as full members
when the signs in the zodiac are right.
It is a poor plan, Mr. Speaker, to digress
from an argument to toll a story. It breaks
the thread of a discourse. I have almost for-
gotten at what point of my argument I stepped
aside for that, foolish purpose. I believe 1 was
talking about States going out, and saying that
some say it can be done, some that it cannot,
while still others say that while wo are not.
compelled to treat a rebel State as out of the
Union, yet we are at liberty to do so by the
right of conquest if we see proper, keep them
out as long as we please, and readmit them as \
soon as we please. On these various points L
heard an argument the other day between gen- !
tlemen of confiicting political tenets, and as it j
lets in a little daylight on the subject. I will j
repeat it. It ran thus: says one, "The South
said they had gone out. Vou said t.hex had
not and could not, and now you say they did. j
and cannot come in." The other replied.
"You said that war was disunion. The war
came, the most teuible and bloody on record.
You passed ordinances of secession, struck
down the Hag, trampled it under foot, and now
you say theie has been no disunion. We did
not say you could not go out—thai would have
been foolish—we said you could not legally go
out: nor do we say you cannot, come back, but
we do --ay iliat as you went out contrary to law,
in violation of your allegiance, anil for ihe most
wicked purposes, stamping the dust from your
feet as ;ou left, and have put tlie I nion to the
painful neccs-div of whip ping treason out of you.
I you cannot come in mud \oti are invited, and
you will nor, be imitcu until Congress is satis-
lied that, the hostiiin that prompted you to the
deed of wickedness has been eradicated. The
Union will not trifle about the tiling, doing
out and coming ill costs 100 much. If wo keep
you out in the cold awhile it may teach yon
sense, enough to stay in when Jon ci t in. and
conduct yourselves decently and chilly when
in."
Mr. Speaker, many suppose this qtie-fion so
profound thai it is -ouiewhat p: esumpuious lor
the small liy to pitch in. 1 propose in ihe
up to niv piivilegvs. I have lieai d our minis-
ter sav that is what, all good Chris! inn.- ought to
do. and if so, it will not hurt a sinner. It may
be that the question is di eper than plummet
ever sounded, but I do not believe it. It does
not seem so to me.
Yet I maybe in the condition of the lunatic.
I may be the out! who is labming under tlx- de-
lusion and not those who regard the subject as
so profound. And for aught I know tiny may ■
have the majority on me. " What are vou doing ;
heresaid a visitor to a lunatic. "I thought," [
replied lie, "everybody mad: everybody thought j
me mad: they had the majority 011 me, and here i
I am confined in a mad-house.'1
It seems to me that disunion is to be disuni-
ted ; the ligaments that bind together broken,
and I amnot prepared to say that in point of fact
it may not be clone, though it be contrary to
law. Let us not confound the right, with the
fact, anil conclude that because a man has not
the right to do a tiling he cannot in fact do it.
Would to God it were so ; ci ime would be wiped
out and our wicked and sinful world would be-
come a paradise,, liut we know it is not so;
that the legal prohibition does not always pre-
vent the crime. Keep these ideas, the right
and the fact, separate and there is no contu-
sion. Nor does it follow that because a lig-
ament maybe broken it cannot bo mended;
because it may be cut asunder it cannot be re-
united. It may be mended, and I hold it the
duty of Congress to hasten slowly and_ unite
the dissevered ties—to do it as soon as it may
bo done with prudence and safety—bnt I want
no rush or indecent haste in the matter.
" Fools rush in where angels fear to tread."
It is easy to manifest more mock magna-
nimity than wisdom; to exhibit more courage
t han conduct. Prudence is sometimes the bet-
ter part of valor. It is of prime importance
that what we do in the premises may be done
in such way that it -will stand the test of time,
redound to the welfare and happiness of man,
the perpetuity of .our blessed Union, and the
glory of God.
But I am not quite through with this knotty
point about which I have been talking. I do
not want to run it into the ground, but would
pursue it yet a little, further. It is certainly
geographically true that South Carolina, after
she wont out of the Union, so to speak,' was pre-
cisely where she was before she went out,; and.
after she came back into the Union, was pre-
cisely where she was before she eame back.
Sho is where she always was ; that is to say,
when she went out of the Union she did not
pick herself up bodyaceously, walk off, and lo-
cat e in some distant part of the earth or in some
other hemisphere.
In seeking for South Carolina at any time,
during the war or since, you would find her
located just where she was before the war, be-
tween tlie very same parallels of latitude and
longitude. The soil of South Carolina was
within the cxteiior lines of the Union before
the war, and as there has been no land-slido
down in that region, and as a State cannot pick
itself up and walk olf like a land terrapin, nor
be located like a laml-wairant, 011 the best va-
cant. land that can be found, f presume South
Carolina is still within the limits of the Union,
and Inn never been out. In this > espect, then,
it is certainly true that a State cannot go out
of ilie Union. It is also manifestly true that a
State cannot go out ol' the Union in such way
as to release herself from her duties and obli-
gat ions. There is no siu-h thing as legal seces-
sion any more than there is such a tiling as legal
lareenv or pious villainy. An individual may
forfeit the liu'hts belonging to au honest man
bv crime, but 1 apprehend he. cannot sanctify
crime by commit ling it, release himself from
his duties a ml obligations, nor discharge himself
from liability to punishment: and so a State
may by rc bei'hon lorfeit the rights appertaining
to a loyal Slate, but cannot by crime release
herself at her own option from her duties and
obligations, nor avoid the penalties that follow
the footsteps of the transgressor. The rule that
the way of the transgressor is hard is God's
law of the universe, as inexorable as the de-
ci ecs of fate, and as steadfast as the everlasting
hills. It applies to Slates and individuals.
None is above or below it. It is, E repeat,
strictly true that a State cannot go out of the
Union in such way as to release herself from
her duties and obligations, provided the Gov-
ernmcnt sees proper to enforce them. Itisthe
rights of the Government that remain unim-
paired, not the rights of the rebelling States;
their rights are not rights at all; only such
privileges as the conqueror may see proper to
accord as a boon.
'The saying that a State rebelling is released
from none of her duties or obligations, is a very
different thing from saying that a Stale by re-
belling incurs 110 disabilities. A State does
incur disabilities: they cannot be enumerated;
they are coextensive with all the rights she
possessed before lier fall. Sho ceases by her
crime to be a body-politic, and will be utterly
unable to resume her lost functions until her
conqueror sees proper to breathe into her tho
breath of life.
Before these States rebelled they were apart
of the Government, but the moment they raise,
their parricidal hand against it they of course
ccase to be any part ot it. It is absurd to say
that a Government will or can resist it sell and
be its own antagonist. _ A State must,keep step
to the music of the Union, or it is, as Mr. U111-
coln said, "out of practical relations to the
Union," and in a governing sense 110 part of
the Union. The hand that is raised against it
is alien to it. The elements of a Government
must be in harmony, but antagonisms do not
harmonize. Iu a Government of the people the
