2434
THE CONGRESSIONAL OLOBE.
May 1,
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
printing of a substitute.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous eon-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported back with a substitute bill of the House
No. 467, to declare and protect all the privi-
leges and immunities of citizens of the United
States in the several States, and the same was
recommitted to the committee, and the substi-
tute was ordered to be printed.
leave op absence.
Mr. SMITH. I ask leave of absence for
two weeks for Mr. Noell, of Missouri, who
is sick.
There was no objection, and the leave of
absence was granted.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Indiana. I ask in-
definite leave jf absence for my colleague, Mr.
Hill.
There was no objection, and the leave of
absence was granted. ■ .
deposit 01' government funds.
Mr. LYNCH. I ask unanimous consent to
offer the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be directed to inquire what legislation is
necessary to proteetthe Government against loss of
public funds deposited in national banks, and report
by bill or otherwise.
No objection was made.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move
to amend that resolution by adding "and that
said committee report a bill -to prevent any
deposits by Government officers being made in
national banks."
Mr. LYNCH. I cannot yield for that pur-
pose. I move the previous question.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
previous question will not be seconded. Let
us try this question here.
The previous question was not seconded.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw the resolution.
evening sessions.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to suspend the
rules so that from and after to-night the House
shall hold evening sessions, commencing at
half past seven o'clock, p. m., until otherwise
ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. For what
purpose?
Mr. MORRILL. For the purpose of con-
tinuing action on the l-evenue bill.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Exclu-
sively ?
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, exclusively.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope the
gentleman will modify his motion so as to pro-
vide that the evening sessions shall be for no
other business excepting the consideration of
the tax bill.
Mr. BLAINE. Would not that do away with
the "morning hour" in the evening?
The SPEAKER. The House has already
ordered by unanimous consent that when even-
ing sessions are held there shall be a "morning
hour" for the transaction of the business of
committees.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Then I
hope there will be no evening sessions.
Mr. SCHENCK. Is it in order to inquire
if any good ever came of evening sessions?
Mr. ROGERS. Never.
Mr. MORRILL. We can do as good work
on the tax bill in the evening as at any other
time.
Mr. SCHENCK. I know that things can
be run through at evening sessions very rapidly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If I un-
derstand the ruling of the Chair, there is an
order already existing that there shall be a
"morning hour" st the evening sessions.
Cannot the House dispense with that?
1 he SPEAKER. Yes, by a suspension of
the rules: but a majority of tlip House can
order an evening session.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Thpn I
trust that if we have evening sessions at all
fhey will be devoted exclusively tp the con-
sideration of the tax bill. If you have a
" morning hour" it will take an hour and a
half to get a quorum here.
Mr. -BLAINE. The position which the
report of the committee on reconstruction
holds in the House cuts off indefinitely the
reports of other committees. The report of
that committee comes up immediately after the
reading of the Journal, and the discussion of
it will run on ad infinitum; and if we do not
have a '1 morning hour''. in the evening there
will be no opportunity for the other committees
to report for' several weeks.
I hope that members will come here to the
evening sessions, and that we shall devote the
first hour to the business of the morning hour.
Mr. ROSS. I would suggest to the gentle-
man from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] to modify
his motion so as to postpone the reports of the
committee on reconstruction until after the
tax bill shall have been considered.
Mr. MORRILL. The House can make such
order as they please in that regard to-morrow,
when the subject comes up for consideration.
The SPEAKER. The reports of the joint
committee on reconstruction cannot now be
postponed without a suspension of the rules,
as they are not now before the House. When
they come up to-morrow morning the House
can then take such action as they may think
proper.
The motion of the gentleman from Vermont,
[Mr. Mokrill,] as the Chair understands it, is
to suspend all rules in order that there may be
each day after to-day, until otherwise ordered,
an evening session for the consideration ex-
clusively of the tax bill. The Chair is of opin-
ion that if that motion prevails it will cut off
the consideration of morning-hour business
during the evening session, and als® postpone
the reports of the committee on reconstruction.
■Mr. MORRILL. The Chair misunderstands
my motioa.jilt is not intended to postpone
the consideration of the reports of the com-
mittee on reconstruction, but merely to sus-
pend the rules so that after to-day there may
be evening sessions for the consideration ex-
clusively of the tax bill.
Mr. STEVENS. Would it not be better to
allow the consideration of the reconstruction
reports to go on in the evening also, and thus
be able to get through them the earlier?
Mr. MOIiRILL. I think we better take the
evenings for the tax bill.
The question was taken on suspending the
rules; and upon a division there were—ayes 68,
noes 36.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. BLAINE demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Blaine,
and Washbcrne, of Illinois, were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 68, noes 34.
So the rules were suspended, two thirds
voting in the affirmative.
Mr. MORRILL moved that after to-day the
House shall hold an evening session each day,
until otherwise ordered, for the consideration
exclusively of the tax bill until the same shall
have been disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
message from the president.
A message in writing was received from the
President of the United States, by Mr. Cooper,
his Private Secretary, who also announced that
the President had approved and signed a joint
resolution (H. R. No. 67) providing for the
reappraisement of lands described in an act
for the relief of William Sawyer and others, of
Ohio.
fishery and water-culture exhibition.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Senate and House of Representatives:
Referring to my message of the 12th of March
last, communicating information in regard to a
proposed exposition of fishery and water cul-
ture at Arcachon, in France, I jpmmunicate a
copy of another dispatch_ from, the minister of
the United States in Paris to the Secretary of
State, and invite the attention of Congress to
the subject. ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, May 4, I860.
The message, with the accompanying doc-
uments, was referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs, and ordered to be printed.
warming and ventilating the capitol.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of 4th instant, transmitting certain
papers, and the report of T. U. Walter, on
warming and ventilating the Halls of the two
Houses of Congress; which were referred to the
Committee on Public Buildings and Grounds,
and ordered to be printed.
moneys for indian service.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a communication from the Secretary of the
Interior, in compliance with the resolution of
the House of the 23d ultimo, transmitting a
statement of moneys on hand applicable to the
Indian service; which was laid on the table,
and ordered to be printed.
leave of absence.
Mr. LATHAM asked an d obtained leave of
absence for his colleague, Mr. Hubbard, until
Wednesday next.
additional assay offices.
Mr. MORRILL reported, from the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means, a bill to establish
additional offices for the assay of gold and
silver, and for other purposes; which was read
a first and second time, ordered to be printed,
and recommitted.
tax bill.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union- on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Wasiiburxe, of Illinois, in the chair,) and
proceeded to the consideration of the special
order, being a bill of the House (No. 513) to
amend an act entitled "An act to provide in-
ternal revenue to support the Government, to
pay interest on the public debt, and for other
purposes," approved June 30, 1864, and acts
amendatory thereof.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, let me say
at the start, lest gentlemen should be too much
frightened, that the great length of the bill'
before us mainly arises from the fact that
the Committee of Ways and Means thought it
advisable, wherever in the course of the revis-
ion a section of the old law was amended, even
though but slightly, to strike out the old sec-
tion and reinsert it as amended. This vastly
swells the size of the bill, but will be much
more convenient for those who are to interpret
or administer the law hereafter. In revising
our internal revenue laws, the question that
meets us at the threshold is, how much rev-
enue have we to spare? Or how much will our
necessities require for another year? The last
question has been specially answered by the
Secretary of the Treasury, who has fixed, in a
recent communication to the committee, $3;>0-
000,000—provided the appropriations of Con-
gress do not exceed the estimates—as the-sum
it would be safe to rely upon, including the rev-
enue from the tariff as well as internal taxes.
In making an estimate of the probable receipts
from the latter, we have as a basis one full
year and three fourths of the present year of
experience, and the data are sufficiently com-
plete to be of value. Our receipts for 1864-65
were, in round numbers, $210,000,000, and
the returns thus far of 1865-66 show that we
may expect for the year an increase of nearly
fifty per cent., or not less than from three
hundred to three hundred and five millions.
One of the largest and best paying consumers
