THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
without complaint but absolutely without in-
jury, for it is even doubtful whether they ever
enjoyed a season of greater prosperity. The
law was new and therefore not polished and
perfected by experience or revision, but first
put into operation by the distinguished gentle-
man from Massachusetts, [Mr. BoutWell,] it
at once vindicated the propriety of its princi-
ples and policy. Often amended subsequently
in consequence of the increasing wants of the
Treasury—bearing the misfortune of frequent
changes, too, in its chief administrative offi-
cers—-it soon brought forth most bountiful sup-
plies and disclosed a resource of unequaled
magnitude that can be used in any sufficiently
urgent crisis, and which is an ample requital,
rendered at the hour of our greatest need, for
all the protection, direct or indirect, ever be-
stowed upon the products of domestic indus-
try. Without these products of a free people
we should have been as weak as our foes, and,
if not vanquished, we should have retired after
a single indeterminate campaign.
To illustrate the. wonderful fecundity of a
tax on manufactures take but a single instance:
the little stamp tax of one cent upon each box of
matches produced last year about fifteen hun-
dred thousand dollars, or enough to arm, trans-
port, and keep in the field fifteen hundred men.
And this tax had not only to contend with the
stocks on hand but for some time with exten-
sive fraudulent importations. The tax may
be expected to produce much more hereafter.
But now the duties of peace return, and we
must simplify our laws, reduce the burdens
of tax-payers so far as possible, and cheapen
the cost of living. All cannot be done at once.
We shall, do the best we can, leave something
to be done by the next Congress and by future
Commissioners of Revenue. At an early day
spirits, malt liquors, tobacco, cigars, cotton,
stamp taxes, and perhaps a small number of
other objects, it is to be hoped, with custom
duties, will afford revenue commensurate with
all the wants of the Government. The fixed
economy of all civilized nations requiring large
revenues appears to be to squeeze out of those
articles considered as luxuries by mankind—
or which sustain and soothe but never slake
habits deplored by good men everwhere—the
largest sums which the most stringent laws will
secure, and our practice in this respect from
this time forward should doubtless conform to
that of the world. Some changes are now pro-
posed relative to tobacco and cigars, concern-
ing the utility of which I have serious doubts.
I fear the door which for the past year seemed
effectually closed will be again opened to
fraudulent practices, and that the revenue as
well as the honest dealer will suffer. Still we
must not be deaf to any well-founded com-
plaints of the people. I know that gentle-
men, for whose opinions and wishes I have
great respect, from districts where low-priced
tobacco is produced find their- people clam-
orous for grading the tax according to values.
On the face of it the claim would seem to be
just. But I am told by officers connected with
the administration of the internal revenue laws
that the law as it now stands is working well,
and that the tax on smoking tobacco should
not be reduced. Experts believe that any fair
discrimination cannot be honestly enforced,
and the loss to the Treasury may be large.
The tobacco-growing and manufacturing inter-
est, it is true, has been and is now greatly
depressed, but not, so much on account of the
form or amount of the tax as on account of the
large influx of untaxed tobacco which flowed
into our markets upon the cessation of the
rebellion; and it may be added, too, that our
tariff upon foreign cigars is much too low.
The bill proposes to wholly exempt from tax-
ation many articles, and to largely reduce it
upon others, and among these will be found
slaughtered animals, salt, sugar, starch, coal,
soap, vinegar, saleratus, clothing, and boots
and shoes. These exemptions and reductions
will lessen family expenditures and be a relief
to all classes of the community. Dress-makers
and milliners, wielding a potent influence, as
they do, will no longer be treated as men, sub-
ject to taxation, but as deserving of favor.
Though they may tax us, we do not propose to
tax them. Provisions or products of the farm
it has been the policy from the start (and its
wisdom has been only exceptionally questioned)
to keep free from taxes. All fertilizers,_ drain-
ing tiles, and many of the more expensive im-
plements of agriculture it is now also proposed
to relieve. Freights, perhaps the most inde-
fensible tax we have had, perpetually checking
commerce and adding to the price of purchases
as well as diminishing the price of sales, it will
be seen are to be utterly abandoned, as are all
the articles in schedule A, except gold watches,
silver plate, billiard tables, and carriages val-
ued above §300, as by the testimony of the
collectors the tax upon all the other articles
therein embraced amounted to less than the
cost of collection, while it imposed domiciliary
visits, always obnoxious to a spirited people.
It has been considered important not to cheek
any enterprise for building or for repairs of
buildings, and to this end building materials,
such as brick, freestone, marble, slate, roofing-
slate, lime, and cement, have been placed on
thefreelist. Thetaximposeduponpaper, books,
and binding, entertained with little hospitality
from the first, is surrendered the first oppor-
tunity without regret. The tax on knowledge,
as it has often been styled, if it ever existed,
it is to be hoped will be now abandoned. The
tax upon all repairs, always indefinite and of
dubious propriety, may also well be removed. If
a horse runs away with a, carriage, ora locomo-
tive gets smashed, it seems oppressive for the
Government to seize the opportunity of such
misfortunes for levying a fresh tax.
We have prijposed to exempt coal from any
tax. If we regard it as an article of fuel we
cannot any longer afford to dealers the excuse
of a tax for a dear price. If we look upon it
as the raw material from which gas is made, the
tax on the latter would seem to be as great as
we ought to subject an article so indispensa-
ble to the population of all our cities and most
considerable towns. If we look upon it as
the chief source—the hidden giant—of steam
power, which drives so large a part of our ma-
chinery used in manufactures, from which so
much of our revenue accrues, it certainly pre-
sents strong claims to be free.
Iron being an article of such large consump-
tion, shaped into such multifarious forms for
the use of mankind, employing numbers so
vast in its production, and an abundant supply
being almost a prerequisite in peace or war to
national independence, the Committee of Ways
and Means have been willing to wholly exempt
pig iron, railroad iron, railroad iron rerolled,
when in the form of, and to leave but three
dollars per ton upon bar iron. Cheap iron is
an advantage to the whole country, and espe-
cially so to agriculturists, to artisans, and even
to the day laborer who wields but an ax or a
spade. It is also important that we should not
discourage railroad enterprises by making their
cost so great as to frighten away all capitalists.
Our iron should be made at home, but let us
give our own people a fair chance to make it
cheaply.
That the universality of a tax upon all de-
scriptions of manufactures, in any state or con-
dition when offered for sale, tends to a dupli-
cation of taxation, is sufficiently obvious, and
the Committee of Ways and Means have sought
to remedy this evil so far as they could consist-
ently with their duty to the Government, whose
wants though diminishing are still imperative.
The increase of the tax on all manufactures
last year, one fifth, or twenty per cent., as our
law of last year provided for, it is now pro-
posed to repeal. Steel being in the nature of
a raw material, a manufacture in its infancy
and in some peril from the pressing competition
of the Old World, it is deemed expedient to
entirely exempt from tax, and more especially
as it will mostly be taxed when it reaches a
more advanced stage of manufacture. The same
argument applies to iron, which we have not
yet felt able to wholly release; and also to cop-
per; lead, zinc, and brass, which we do propose
to release. The bill, however, will show for
itself. The reductions have been made with
the sole view of the greatest good of the great-
est number.; and in the main I hope they will
be accepted by the House. It is very likely to
be true that many articles not now relieved can
be pointed out having equal claims with those
proposed for favor; but the answer is, civilly
but firmly, the time for those has not yet ar-
rived. The release of the tax upon many arti-
cles has not been done so much to favor them
or any particular branch of manufacture as to
favor those which remain still bearing the bur-
den of taxation.
The removal, so far as it at present seemed
prudent, of the constant duplication of taxes,
will certainly tend to diminish the cost of a
large number of articles, but until we reach the
solid basis of a eurrcncy equal in value to coin,
prices must remain dear and unstable, and pro-
ducers and manufacturers, while working under
circumstances of inflated cost, will bo exposed
to the chances of making sales in a falling mai*-
ket. The reduction must come at some time,
and the pain will be severe if it comes suddenly,
or lighter if it comes more slowly. It is the
same in the sum total whether hastened or
retarded.
Savings banks, or provident institutions—by
far the most appropriate name—it will be seen
are to some extent relieved from the tax on
deposits, entirely relieved when such deposits
are invested in United States securities or when
made in sums not exceeding $500 by any one
person. It cannot be doubted that it is sound
public policy to induce those having but small
earnings to establish a habit of thrift aBd econ-
omy by using these savings banks as a place of
trust. Does it not speak well for the character
of our people, as well as that of our country,
that these institutions now hold of these small
earnings of the common people $500,000,000?
Where else can a similar fact be cited? Wo-
men, young persons, and those unskilled in
making loans and taking securities, who pos-
sess too little to be reached separately by taxes,
should not be taxed when assembled together,
but> rather deserve the paternal care of the
Government.
The tax on the gross receipts of express com-
panies was raised in the bill as first reported-
from three to five per cent., but, upon further
consideration, in the revised bill the rate has
been restored to what it is now by existing law.
When we are reducing taxation in every direc-
tion, it appeared too invidious to single out one
class of business, and that one giving marked
distinction to American enterprise, and doom -
it to a tax equal to twelve or fifteen per cent,
upon its net annual receipts.
The tax upon telegraph companies has also
been placed upon the same level, or reduced
from five to three per cent. One of the com-
panies last year paid to the Government a tax
upon $700,000 gross receipts, amounting to
$85,000, when they had made an absolute loss
of 8100,000, or $65,000 besides the tax.
Express and telegraph companies may not
all deal liberally with the people, and may seek
extravagant profits, but the Government of the
United States could hardly be expected to base
its legislation upon resentments thus engen-
dered unless the companies were the creatures
of its own creation. Such abuses are more
properly corrected by State legislation, or by
even the more potent influence of competition
and public opinion.
The tax in schedule A, although one of an
inquisitorial character, and therefore objec-
tionable in form, has been retained in part by
the committee on the ground that the own-
ers of carriages valued at over $300, and gold
watches and silver plate, were among those
persons best able to contribute something to
the support of that Government under whose
protection they have been able to acquire arti-
cles indicative of wealth and assured means of
support.
The law in relation to licenses, it will be seen,
has been entirely changed in form, although
