THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 17,
of dur strength, and to find ourselves bound
hand and foot and in the hands of . the Philis-
tines.
If these States were back in the Union, or
under 110 disabilities, how could we put them
upon terms? Is it within the province of Con-
gress or the Executive to search the legislation
of the loyal States, and if anything shall be
found that is wrong, not fit to be there, to coerce
its repeal ? What manner of coercion could be
resorted to ? Who is wise enough to tell how
the thing could be accomplished ? We all know
that it could not be accomplished, and that any
such attempt would be justly regarded as an
aet-of usurpation. Why? Because these States
are in the Union. They have incurred no for-
feitures; they are under 110 disabilities; they
are in no sense in a territorial condition ; and
within their appropriate sphere they are wholly
independent of Congress and the Executive.
Is it to be wondered that the rebel States want
to place themselves in a condition wherein they
will be equally independent of control, and in
the mean time to make as few concessions as
possible, so that when reinstated and in a con-
dition to defy the Government they will not
find that they are bereft of power? And is it
to be wondered that those who know what it
lias cost to put down this rebellion demur and
think that this thing should not be hastily done;
that the world was not made in a day; that there
is luck in leisure, and that we should plod our
Way carefully, hasten slowly, and know of a
truth before any rebel State is rcbaptized into
the (Jnion that the seeds of treason have been
fully eradicated, and that she has given all rea-
sonable and necessary guarantees for her future
good behavior?
Some gentlemen seem to be anxious to hear
within this Hall the crack of the plantation whip
and to have a manifestation of plantation man-
ners asin days of other years; and as sure as God
lives they will beabumkmllygratifiedifthepolicy
of letting in the rebel States withoutguarantecs
shall prevail. I am opposed to it. It will prove
unwise, ruinous, and disastrous; and I stand
here to raise my voice against it. What we may
do cannot be undone; let us not, therefore, be
guilty of the folly of him who marries in a hurry
and repents at leisure. A mistake in the mat-
ter is iatal; let, therefore, what we have suf-
fered in the past illuminate our pathway in the
present. 1 entertain no feeling of revenge
against this deluded people. I would exact
nothing witha mere viewtohumiliation. I would
do nothing that is merely vexatious. 1 would
exact no condition-precedent that I did not
regard vital to the fall fniilion of our victory
and the future safety of the Union. Vengeance
belongs not to man. in the hands of Him to
whom alone it belongs let it be left.
Related to these questions and connected
with these inquiries is another, whether a person
may renounce and abjure his citizen ship, though
it may not bo in the power of a State to ''go
Out.'' Men are now knocking at the doors of
Congress for admission as members of this
body who not only renounced and abjured all
allegiance and fidelity to the Government of
the United Slates, but who took an oath of al-
legiance to a hostile power and united with that
hostile government to overthrow the Union,
and whose hands are still crimson and whose
garments are still soaking and reeking with the
fcioocl shed in the wicked attempt, and we are
told that Congress is acting badly and violating
the Constitution in keeping them out, and telling
them to wait yet a little while. Of course these
remarks do not apply to all who now demand
admission. I am happy to say that Tennessee
has sent a different class of men, and it may be
that there is here and there one from some
other State who comes here with clean hands.
I am for admitting Tennessee on reasonable
terms of compliance, and shall be for admitting
other States from time to time who can come
with as equitable a claim as Tennessee, and
which, if they do not come up to the full stand-
ard at the time of applying, will submit to rea-
sonable terms. I am for letting every tub stand
on its own bottom, every State on its own mer-
its, and do not hold to the belief at all that the
admission of a State that comes with just claims
is any conoession to a State still remaining
contumacious. The States come in separately;
they bade us good-by separately and must come
hack separately. I am not only for discrimi-
nating between the States, but between the men
who come here for admission.
If a State is simple enough to send a man
here who cannot take the iron-clad oath that
you and I and all of us had to take, Mr. Speaker,
he shall not come in by my vote, no matter
what State he comes from. The Tennessee
members can. I am informed, take that oath.
It is my happiness to be personally acquainted
with three of them, and to know that to An-
drew Johnson and to such as them—to their
lasting honor be it spoken—are we indebted for
what we find commendable in the State of
Tennessee. Steadfast and true they and he
stood by the Union in its darkest hour. These
men took me by the hand and stood by me
when I marched into Tennessee, when I had
command of their capital, and I am glad that
Tennessee stands in such an attitude that I can
now take them by the hand. 4
How different the claim of those who so
recently renounced and abjured all allegiance
to the Union. The Constitution of the United
States declares that no person shall be a Rep-
resentative who has not been seven years, and
no person a Senator who has not been nine
years, a citizen of the United Staf.es. These
words do not moan at some time in theit lives
a citizen of the United States for the length of
time indicated, but they mean a citizen of the
United States for that length of time immedi-
ately preceding and up to the time the seat is
claimed. What could mortal man do to re-
nounce his citizenship that these men have not
done? In what way could they incur that for-
feiture if the way adopted is inadequate? We
arc bringing men into our court,-houses daily
and permitting them by oath to renounce alle-
giance to the Government whetein they were
born. Can allegiance be renounced, or is this
all mockery?
And when we admit these foreigners to the
rights of citizenship, on taking the oath of alle-
giance to, us and renouncing it as to ail other
potentates and Power*, and especially the po-
tentate and Power that claimed his allegiance,
we do not institute any inquiry whether the
particular Government renounced was legiti-
mate or illegitimate—a Government in law or
only a Government in fact—before accepting
the oath and openins our doors, hut we take
the more sensible view, that if the applicant
for the rights of citizenship has rendered trib-
ute to and thought himself a citizen of another
Government, dc jure or de facto, that is enough
to justify us in requiring the oath, and as little
security as any Government, no matter how
liberal, ought to demand. We have been pur-
suing this policy for seventy or eighty years.
It is rather late in the day to say now that a
citizen cannot expatriate himself. If he cannot
we have been plundering other nations of their
subjects in a remorseless manner.during all this
time, and have a mountain of guilt upon our
shoulders.
The reason of a law is its life-blood, as well
as a clue to its interpretation. Why were the
clauses to which 1 have referred inserted in the
Constitution? Was itthat foreign, unfriendly,
and hostile elements might be kept out of our
legislative halls, and the law-making business
confined to friends? Was it that we preferred
the genuine to the spurious and bogus ? Was
that the object in requiring the seven and the
nine-year citizenship? Who can see any other?
And are we not violating the spit it, intent, and
meaning of these clauses by admitting those
who have so lately given every evidence of the
most deadly hostility and undying hate?
We are taught that some who persecuted the
Christians, stoned the prophets, and drank the
blood of the saints, afterward became flaming
evangelists; but we have no such miraculous
conversions nowadays, and the atoning grace of
the blessed Redeemer furnishes the only ex-
ception to the general rule, that we may judge
what a man is by what he recently was ; and if
so, what signifies the oath as to what these
men will do or will not do in the future? Do
we turn transgressors loose upon the community
upon oaths for the future, or do we punish them
for the past? Our fathers framed these clauses
prescribing the length of citizenship, to give
Congress the right to look to the antecedents
of an applicant as to citizenship, because they
believed that thebesttest of friendship; not that
it was by any means infallible, but the best
general rule that could be adopted to secure
the purity of the body and the safety of the
Commonwealth. It was for that reason that
time was made as o-f the essence of the con-
tract, as the lawyers would phrase it. Seven
years a citizen at any time will not fill the bill,
will not come up to the requirements of the
Constitution. It must be immediately preced-
ing and up to the time when admission is de-
manded. If he is not at that time a citizen,
and been such continuously without a moment's
intermission, he is but an intruder. He who
for an instant ceases to be a citizen is as if he
never had been a citizen. He is again at the
starting point. All will know, of course, that
the Constitution in using the term citizen uses
it in its legal meaning, and not as synonymous
with inhabitant or resident. He who becomes
a citizen and lives seven years thereafter in the
United States, then goes to another Govern-
ment, and whether a Government in law or
only in fact is immaterial, and there on oath
renounces his allegiance to us and swears
fealty to his new sovereign, is not upon after-
ward returning to the United States a citizen
thereof, nor eligible to a seat in Congress,
though he has, in point of fact, at some time
in his life been for seven years a citizen of the
United States. And yet everybody knows that
it would be safer to take him in eo instanti than
a bloody-handed traitor. Now, if I am right,
how long have these candidates from South
Carolina, for instance, been citizens of the Uni-
ted States? Seven years? Nay, hardly that
manv weeks. And as all the clauses in the Con-
stitution are to me alike saered until amended
or repealed. I must say to these States that
before they can get into Congress by my consent
they must not only as States come up to all
reasonable requirements, but must send men
here who are loyal, can take the iron-clad oath,
and on the score of citizenship come up to the
constitutional standard. I am done.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
The SPEAKER laid before the Ho«se a com-
munication from the Secretary of the Treasury
of the United States, transmitting a statement
of the amounts now in the United States Treas-
ury, including the sums in the hands of the
Assistant Treasurers, national banks, and all
other depositaries, in answer to a resolution
of the House of the 5th instant; which was laid
on the table, and ordered to be printed.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. ANDERSON. Mr. Speaker, I have
frequently of late asked myself the question,
is reconstruction an insoluble problem ? 1
have noticed so many different propositions foi
its solution, and find so much of difficulty in
the acceptance of any of them, owing to the
ditferences between the President and Congress,
that 1 have almost despaired of the hope that
anything can or will be done at this session of
Congress toward the accomplishment of the
much-desired end. These differences between
Congress and the President I trust are not ir-
reconcilable. My hope, sir, is that all may
yet be well, that passion and prejudice may
yield to wisdom and patriotism; that party
spirit or ambition may not be allowed to inter-
fere with a complete, final, irreversible policy
of reconstruction based upon just and humane
principles.
Sir, I do not doubt but that it is the earnest
desire of the people of the loyal States to have
