3396
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 25,
might be used in favor of it. I would rather,
therefore, that the clause remain as we have
amended it, in order to give us a chance to
reconsider it, which we cannot have if there is
no concurreneein the committee's amendment.
The amendment was concurred in.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The remain-
ing excepted amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was in section one, line twelve, to strike out
"five" and insert '' two;" so as to make the
tax on cotton two cents per pound.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I move to amend the
amendment of the committee by striking out
"two" and inserting "three.'' I think that
five cents is too high under all the circum-
stances, and I think that two cents is decidedly
too low upon cotton, considering the fact that
much of it will be received from foreign na-
tions, and that it discriminates too much in
favor of cotton against wool. I hope, there-
fore, that the Senate will agree to the amend-
ment which I propose to the committee's
amendment, making it three instead of two
cents.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I was inclined to vote for
three cents in committee, but upon examina-
tion and more mature reflection 1 am satisfied
in my own mind that two cents is as much a
tax as ought to be levied upon cotton. I shall
vote now for the two cents as it has been
reported by the committee.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment to the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Oh, no; let us finish
the bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. This is too important a
subject 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hope we shall not
adjourn. Let us pass the bill. We have got
nearly through the amendments.
The motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the amendment of Mr. Edmunds lo the
amendment of the Committee on Finance,
resulted—yeas 6, nays 20; as follows:
YEAS — Mcshis. Chandler, Edmunds, Howe, Po-
land. Trumbull, and Wade—6.
NAYS—Messrs. lluckalcw, Clark, Cowan, Cres-
well, Davis, Doolittle, Fessenden, foster, Guthrie,
Henderson, Hendricks, Morgan, Pomcroy, Sherman,
Spraeue, Stewart, Van Winkle, Willey, Williams,
and Wilson—20.
ABSENT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Conncss. Cra-
gin, Dixon, Grimes, Harris, Howard, Johnson, Kirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, MoDousnll,
Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Riddle,
Saulsbury, Sumner, Wright, and Yates—23.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment made as in Committee of
the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. HENDERSON. I move to strike out
the sixth section of the bill on page 6. It pro-
vides for a drawback on cotton fabrics, allow-
ing no drawback on the raw material. If raw
cotton can be shipped to foreign ports, and
can compete in foreign markets with foreign
cotton, I cannot for my life see the necessity
of allowing a drawback upon the manufactured
article. It there is any reason for it, I am
sure I am not hostile to the manufacturers of
cotton.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 will state to the Sen-
ator that a small export goes on of coarse fab-
rics. We do not export anything except mere
coarse fabrics. They come in competition with
coarse manufactures made abroad from Surat
cotton. It is a comparatively small item of our
exports—I do not know how many millions.
Perhaps the Senator from Ohio recollects it
better than I.
Mr.^ SHERMAN. The last three or four
years it does not amount to anything. It used
to amount to something.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It is trifling. There is
a tax already on the machinery, on the manu-
facture, on the income derived, and everything
of that description. If you refuse to allow a
drawback it puts an end entirely to any chance
of exporting these coarser fabrics, for they can-
not come in competition in foreign markets
with 
Mr. HENDERSON. What are they man-
ufactured from?
Mr. FESSENDEN. From Surat cotton.
They can hardly compete with Surat cotton
now. That is the simple state of the case. It
is a small matter in amount, comparatively, but
it adds something to our exports, is of value
to the country, and it is entirely destroyed
unless a drawback is given. Ever since the
duties were put on a drawback of the same
amount has been allowed. As it is they lose
about fifteen per cent, in the export.
Mr. HENDERSON. Let me ask the Sen-
ator, then, if he has objection to an amendment.
It now reads, that on articles "manufactured
exclusively from cotton and exported" there
shall be allowed a.-, a drawback an amount
equal to the tax. Has he any objection to say-
ing articles "manufactured exclusively from
cotton imported from foreign countries?"
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course, for then we
should gain nothing. I say it comes in com-
petition abroad with coarse cotton manufac-
tures made from Surat cotton, and some in
our own markets; but the very object is to en-
able those who manufacture it to export it, and
that the country shall have the benefit of the
export in the competition in foreign markets.
It adds just so much to our exports; but if there
is no drawback allowed there is an end of it;
we cannot expoi't it at all. The section is un-
questionably right as it stands. The House
agreed to it almost without a division. The
thing is understood. I hope the Senator will
not insist on his amendment.
Mr. HENDERSON. I will not insist if I
can understand it. The Senator is generally
very clear in his statements, but for my life I
cannot understand it:
That upon articles manufactured exclusively from
cotton, when exported, there shall be allowed as a
drawbrack an amount equal to the internal tax which
shall have been assessed and paid upon such articles
in their finished condition, and in addition thereto a
drawback or of as many cents per pound
upon the pound of cotton cloth, yarn, thread, or knit
fabrics, manufactured exclusively from cotton and
exported, as shall have been assessed und paid in the
form of an internal tax upon the raw cotton entering
into the manufacture oi said cloth or other article.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Certainly.
Mr. HENDERSON. Do I understand that
our cottons, upon which an internal revenue
tax has been levied of two cents a pound when
manufactured here, come into competition in
foreign markets with goods made from Surat
cotton ? I thought ours were the very best
cottons upon the earth.
Mr. FESSENDEN. All we can export is
coarse cottons ; we cannot come into competi-
tion with others, although I should like to see
it grow up. If it could bo it would be very
much for the interest of the country ; the larger
the better, for we should have so much larger
exports. It takes very little from the internal
revenue.
Mr. HENDERSON. It may be right, but
it strikes me that it is simply this: it is laying
the foundation for the very thing which I made
abjection to this morning ; it is that you may
enable Congress to tax, constitutionally as it
is claimed, an article in the raw state, but as
soon as it gets into a manufactured condition,
when it is exported, the tax that was paid upon
the raw material is paid back.
Mr. FESSENDEN, Certainly that is the
drawback.
Mr. HENDERSON. If that thing can be
tolerated constitutionally, I do not understand
the Constitution.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It has been tolerated
for many years.
Mr. HENDERSON. I know it has been tol-
erated, but never before this war commenced.
Mr._ FESSENDEN. Because we had not
occasion to lay an internal tax before.
Mr. HENDERSON. Yes, we have laid
internal taxes again and again, but we never
laid an internal tax on an agricultural produc-
tion before. There is the difficulty.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not feel disposed
to argue that question. The Senator stated his
views at length and the Senate was decidedly
against him, as he is aware. It is hardly worth
while to reargue it now.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senate was de-
cidedly against me in regard to the tax on
cotton. Now I want to know if the Senate is
decidedly against me on the subject of allowing
a drawback to the manufacturer of a tax which
was paid by the planter on the manufactured
article when he exports it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The purchaser pays
the tax.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is taking the tax
from one man and giving the drawback to
another. Why not allow the planter to get his
drawback when he exports the article ?
Mr. FESSENDEN. The planter does not
pay the tax under this bill. Each district is a
bonded warehouse.
Mr. HENDERSON. Somebody pays it, but
nobody who exports it in the raw is allowed a
drawback under this bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Of course not; the
drawback is on the manufactured article.
Mr. HENDERSON. It is a bonus to the
manufacturer.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire now to offer an
amendment to eome in after the word " dol-
lars," in line twenty-six hundred and sixty-
four, the object of which is to determine the
value of bills of exchange and credits in coin,
for the purpose of taxation and stamp duties,
I wish the Senator from Maine would agree to
this amendment and let the matter go to the
committee of conference, to be finally arranged.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will hear it read.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
was to insert after the word " dollars," in line
twenty-six hundred and sixty-four, the follow-
ing words:
For the purpose of the tax on sales and stamp tax,
gold and silver bullion and coin shall bo taken at the
face value thereof, increased by the price of gold at
the date of sale : and hills of exchange and letters of
crcdi t dial 1 bo rated at five dollars per pound sterling,
increased by the price of gold at the date of the issue
of such bill of exchange or letter of ercdit.
Mr. FESSENDEN. =It is perfectly imprac-
ticable, and cannot be carried into execution,
in my judgment.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to submit one
other amendment. On page 135, I desire to
amend the amendment of the committee in
relation to the income tax by inserting after
line thirty-one hundred and thirteen the fol-
lowing:
And in addition theretoa tax equal to the tax here-
tofore levied on the gains and profits and income of
other citizens during such times as they may have
carried on said business.
It will be rather an astonishment to the peo-
ple of the'country to leant that persons owing
allegiance to foreign Governments who have
for the past three years transacted business in
this country have been exempt from tax on
their income. All foreigners, as I understand,
who have been engaged in any business in this
country, and who have acquired an income, have
been exempt from income tax ever since the
income tax law was passed. The design of
this amendment is that they shall pay a tax
equal to the tax that the citizens of the" United
States have paid daring that time.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The amendment now
offered^ by the Senator from Rhode Island is
wrong in principle. It is to make up defects
of our former tax bills, where people have
been exempted, because we did not so frame
our bills as to cateh them; to go back and col-
lect taxes on them for three or four years past
when they were not liable to tax by any law.
The amendment was rejected.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
' The bill was read the third time and passed.
