1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3897
HOUSE BILLS REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No, 708) for the i*elief of Dr.
Edward Jarvis, and the bill (II. R. No. 711) j
for the relief of James Fit/.gibbon, worn sev-
erally read twice by their titles and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Sir. WILSON. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and tlie Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, June 25, I860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton*.
The Journal of Saturday was read and
ivppi o\ cd.
The SPEAKER stated as the. first business
In order the calling of committees for reports
to go upon the Calendar and not to be brought
back into the House on amotion to reconsider,
commencing with the Committee of Elections.
TARIFF KILL.
Mr. MO RUILL. from the Committee of Ways
and Moans, reported a bill to provide increased
revenue from imports, and for other pur-
poses; which was read a first and second time,
ordered to be printed, referred to the Com-
mittee of tlie Whole on the state of the Union,
and made the special order for Thursday next
after the morning hour, and from day to day
thereafter until disposed of.
The call of committees having been con-
cluded, the Speaker stated as the next business
in order the calling of the States and Terri-
tories for resolutions in the inverse order, com-
mencing with the State of Vermont where the
call rested on last Monday.
PAY OF CLUNKS.
Mr. WOODBHIOGE offered the following
resolution, and demanded tlie previous que*-
tion thereon:
That the compensation of the file, pi lat-
ino, petition, f fattoncry, ami principal en'tro^inc?
clei ks ho, made o'jnal to I hnt of the assistant, dl-hius-
iir:el'Tfc, ami that John M. JLirelay Journal clerk,
receive alike, iii'Mca^e of compensation with that of
n^sntant dUbur-am; clerk un<ler the resolution of (he
IJou-e of the 18th instant: said increase of compen-
sation to commence at the same lime pi o\ ided in
said resolution.
Mr. WAS II BURN E, oflllinoU. T will ask
the gentleman to agree to an amendment. I
think he will do it, Instead of having the in-
crease of these salaries perpetual 1 think we
should confine all of them, if we vote an in-
crease at all, to tins present Congress. I am
opposed to the whole thing, but if the resolu-
tion is going to pass 1 want it to pass with that
limitation. I ask the gentleman to accept, this
amendment, "provided that the increase of sal-
aries made at this session shall not extend
beyond the present Congress.'' Let the next
Congress do as it pleases.
Mr. ROLLINS. Will the gentleman with-
draw the previous question?
Mr. WOODBUIDOE. T suggest to the gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Washburnk] thai it
may be modified by adding the words u until
otherwise ordered/'
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I appeal
to the gentleman from Vermont to accept the
amendment I suggested.
Mr. WOODBRiDGE was understood to give
liis assent.
Mr. WASHBUR>fE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Vermont accepts it so that the
increase shall extend only to the Thirty-Ninth
Congress.
Mr. ROLLINS. I hope the previous ques-
tion will not be sustained.
Mr. HALE. I would inquire if it is in order
to make a reference of this resolution to the
Committee of Accounts.
The SPEAKER. Not pending the previous
question.
Mr. II ALE. Will it be if the previous ques-
tion is not seconded V
The SPEAKER. Any motion will then be
in order.
Mr. 330UTWELL. I move to lay the reso-
lution on the table, and on that I demand the
yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
The question being taken on laying the reso-
lution on the table, no quorum voted.
Tellers were ordered, and the Speaker ap-
pointed Messrs. Wooduriduk and Boi'twkll.
The House di\ ided ; and the tellers reported
—ayes ll>, noes T'J.
The Speaker voted in the negative to make
a quorum; so the motion was not agreed to.
The question recurred upon seconding the
demand for the previous question.
Mr. ROLLINS. Will the gentleman from
Vermont vield to me for a question?
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. I must decline to
yield.
Mr. ROLLINS. I desire only to ask the
gentleman if he knows what the pay of these
officers is now,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE. 1 decline to yield.
The question was put upon seconding the
demand for the previous question, and there
were—ayes 71, noes !'•>.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was then ordered, being
upon agreeing to the resolution.
The resolution; as modiiicd, was read, as
follows:
tfrfsnlvcd, That theeompensation ofUicfile,printing,
petition, stationery, and principal onffrosf-ing clerks,
(LStrohm, A.J. Lamer, and L. Cowan,) be made equal
to that of the a^i^t.ant dNhuiMiu? clerk; and that
John M. Barclay, Journal elerk, iceeiye, a like in-
crease of compensation with that of said disbursing
elerk under the resolution o! the House of the ISth
instant ; said merea^ of compensation to commence
at the «anu« time pro\ ided in said resolution: I'ro-
riVer/, That the salaiies of all oil'ieeis of the House,
increased at the present, session shall not extend
beyond the lirst ^osmoii of tlie next Congress.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio, demanded the
yens and nays on the resolution.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. ROLLINS. Is it, in order for me to ask
a question?
The SPKA KER. Thegentleman from Ver-
mont declines to yield, and I he House is acting
under the previous question.
The question was taken on agreeing to the
resolution ; and it. was decided m the affirma-
tive—yeas 88, nays 21, not voting 7^3; as fol-
lows :
YEAS —Messrs Alley, Anemia, Debts It, Ashley,
James .M. Asbie\ . Uai k< i, J>c am.m, J'er^en, Bid well,
Blame, Boyei, RucUand, CotVroth, Conkinifx. L)ar-
liii!,', l)a\i«, l).uvi'S Paw^ou, Deming, Dixon, J)od'.re,
Donnelly, l)umoiit, J'>kl<\\, Ivi^le.stun, ML
dridjje, Eliot, Pinck, (ilosshrenner, (Joodyear, (li in-
iiell, Jjines. Henderson, fiiyby, Ro<ra , Holmes,
Hooper, llotehkisN, Dennis Hubbard, John II. Ilub-
bai d, I In lb m d, I lump In ey, I nun Kasson, Kef lev,
Kelso, Koi i, Lai ha m, (Jeoige V. Lawrence, Le Blond,
Loan, Lon'-,'.ve<ir, Marvin, Me(_\ill<u<tfh, MeKee, Mc-
Burr, Miller, Mooihead, Moitill, Moirir^, Mycra,
Now'dl, O'Noill, Oilh, Paine, ILidford, Samuel J,
Kandali, William 11. llandall, .John 11. Biee,Heheiick,
Seolield, Shellabancn, Sihrroave-., Spalding, Sie\ en-,
Siilwell, Tb.*>er, Fianei^Thoin« *-. Ti owbn<lj?e, Bob-
eii, 'J' \'an Hoi n. U'ai ner, Hem y]>. W'a^hbni n, Went-
worth. .James 1<\ Wil-on, Stephen P. Wilson, Win-
doui, Wmlield, and Woodbtid:^—S';.
NAYS — Me.-rs. Allien, Ame-*, Buk^i, Baldwin,
Beniamin, Jhmtwell, Hale, Aaion Harding, Willi.on
Lawrcnee, M i>ton, Ntblack. Peiham. Pike, Piiee,
llollniN Sawjrr, Thornton, Tiimhlo, Ward, Klihu
1L Wa^hhnrne. and Will'am 15. Washburn—-1.
NOT VoT IN(r—--Mc-m ■<. Anderson, Banks, Baxter,
Bingham, blow, lirandev e, Biomwell, Broomail.
Bundy, Chanlci, Peadn \V. Clarke, Sidney Chirke,
Cobb. Cook, Cullom, Culver, Dofrecs, Delano, Den-
ison, Fainswoith, i'aruuhnr, Ferry, Garlield, Under,
(hiswold, Abncr C. llardtnK, Harris, Unit, Hill,
A«aliel W. Hubbard, Clic-ierl), Hubbard, E<iwin N".
Hubbeli, James ll.Iiul/bell, .fenck<\-i. .Johnson, Jones,
Julian, Kefch.'un, Kuvktndall, Latlin, Lvneh, Mar-
shall, McClurg. Mefndoc. Meieur. Moulton, Nich-
olson, Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Plants, Ponicroy,
Raymond, Alexander H. liiee, Rittei, Rogcis, Itosrf,
B,o'ussean, Shanklin, Sloan, Smith,_ Starr.rStr<m«e,
Taher. Tavlor, John L. Thomas, tipsou, Van Aer-
nam, Jhirt Van Horn, H'elkor, Whaley, Williams,
and Wright—7:3.
So the resolution was agreed to.
Before the result of the vote was announced,
Mr. WOODBRIDGE said: From what has
been stated to me by one of the clerks, ifc ap-
pears that there may be some misunderstand-
ing as to the amendment of the gentleman
from Illinois which I accepted. I accepted
an amendment that this resolution should not
apply after the present Congress, but I did not
accept an amendment that cases in which the
amount of pay had becn^Jrcady established
by the House should be affected by the amend-
ment.
t Mr. WASTIBURNE, of Illinois. I stated dis-
tinctly in offering my amendment that 1 did not
see any reason why the salaries of those which
had been already increased should remain in-
tact while the salaries of those proposed now
to be increased should only be increased for
this Congress.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state the
situation of the resolution as he understands it.
After the gentleman from Vermont introduced
the resolution and demanded the previous ques-
tion upon it, the gentleman from Illinois sug-
gested a modilication, which was accepted by
the gentleman from Vermont. After it had
been reduced to writing and reported to the
House, the gentleman from Illinois stated that
it did not cover all that he intended that it
should cover: that he intended to cover the
increase of pay of all the clerical force, and
thegentleman from Vermont did not dissent
fiom that construction.
Mr. WOOHBRIDGE. Tf I had understood
it I should certainly have dissented from it. I
had no intention of making the resolution apply
to those whoso salaries had been increased by
a vote of the House.
The SPEAKER. The House has already
voted on the resolution and has decided upon
it. If the gentleman from Vermont states that
he misunderstood the matter and desires an-
other roll-call, that can only be done by unan-
imous consent.
Mr. ROLLINS. 1 object.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois stated distinctly that his modification was
intended to cover the eases of all those whose
salaries had been increased and tlie gentleman
from Vermont did not object to it at tlie time.
Mr. WOODBRJ DGE. I merely wish to say
that if 1 had understood the gentleman to have
proposed any such amendment I should have
disagreed to it. I do not want now to compli-
cate the matter, and 1 suppose the best thing I
can do is to let it go.
The result of the vote havingbcen announced
as above recorded,
Mr. WOODBIUDGE moved to reconsider
the vote by which the resolution was adopted ;
and also moved to lay the motion to reconsider
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
UOBriK LIBRARIAN.
Mr. BLAINE. There -have been a great
many salaries increased ofgentlemen who have
hitherto been paid very respectably. I now
offer a resolution, upon which I call the pre-
vious question, to increase the salary of a man
who now receives but three dollars a day,
although he is one of the most faithful and
attentive officers of the House. I offer the
following resolution, and call the previous
question:
7It'xolrxl. That the salary of Paul Stevens, libra-
rian in elinjgoof the Hall library, be iixed at $1,500,
beginning with the present Congress.
Mr. ROLLINS. Will the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Blaine] yield to me for a moment?
Mr. BLAINE. I cannot yield.
The previous question was seconded.
The question was then taken upon ordering
the main question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes fifty-live, noes not counted.
So the main question was ordered.
The resolution was then agreed to.
Mr. BLAIXE moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was agreed to; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The lairer motion was agreed to.
COMPUTATION OF JIOUSK KMPLOYLS.
Mr. WOODBIUDGE. I ask unanimous
consent to offer the following resolution:
JlfisoHvl That until otherwise ordered the Clerk
of the House of llepre>entative> be dircetedto pay
the clerks and employes of the same, receiving sal-
aries of .-1,200 or lea.-, a sum equal to twenty-five per
ceut. additional c©mperi-^tion upon the amount
