1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1479;
cing him on an absolute equality with the white
roan. But, sir, the car of progress moved on,
and in nearly all the States of this Union to-
day the negro has the right to testify, the right
to sue and be sued, the right to contract and
be contracted with, and in all the loyal States
of this Union he enjoys the civil rights of an
American citizen.
Sir, rays of light are always cheering, and
especially so when they come from an unex-
pected quarter. I want to read—because I pre-
fer to read from those who will have influence
with the anti-progressive party in this nation—
an extract from a speech recently delivered be-
fore the Georgia Legislature by the man who
held the second rank in the collapsed rebel con-
federacy—I mean Alexander II. Stephens. I
read from him not because I admire the man,
but because I know that what he says will im-
press that portion of the people of this country
who need to be impressed upon this great ques-
tion of doing "equal and exact justice to all
men." Here is what Alexander II. Stephens
says in reference to the rights of the freed-
men:
" All obstacles if there be any, should be removed
which can pob^ibly binder or retard the improvement
of the blacks to the extent of tlieir capacity. AH
proper aid should be given to their own efforts.
Channels of education should be opened up to them.
Schools and the usual means of moral and intellec-
tual training: should be encouragcd among them.
Thisisthedictato notonlyof what is right and proper
and just in itself, bat it is also the prompting of the
highest considerations of interest. It is difficult to
conceive a greater evil or curse than it now is, than
for so large a portion of its population as this class
will quite probably constitute anion:-; us hereafterto
bo roared in ignorance, depravity, and vice. In view
of such a state of things, well might the prudent, even
now, look to its abandonment. Let us not.however,
indulge in such thoughts of the future. Nor Ictus
without an effort say the system cannot be worked.
Let us not. standing still, hesitatingly ask, ' Can there
bo any good thing come out of Nazareth?' But let
us'rather say, as Gamaliel did, 'If this counsel or
this work be of men, it will come to naught; but if it
be of God, ye cannot overthrow it, lest haply jo be
found to fight against God.'
"The most vexed Questions of the age are social
problems. These we have heretofore had but little
lo do with ; we were relieved of them by our peculiar
institutions. Emancipation of the blackswith its
conscquences was ever considered by me with more
interest as a social question, one relating to the proper
statu* of the different elements of society and their
relations to caeh other, looking to the best interests
of all, than in any other light. The pecuniary aspect
of it, the considerations of labor and capital, in_a
politieo-ceonomic view, sunk into insignificance in
comparison to this. This problem, as one of the re-
sults ol the war, is now upon us. presenting one of the
most perplexing questions of the sort that any people
over had to deal with. Let us resolve to do the best
we can with it from all the lights wo have or can got
from any quarter.''
I commend this language of the distinguished
gentleman from Georgia, the late vice presi-
dent of the rebel confederacy, to those in the
northern States who cry out against the Con-
gress of the nation and against its efforts to
restore to these people the rights that they
ought to enjoy under the Constitution of the
country. It is a problem that we have to solve.
We cannot suffer four millions of the people of
this continent, to remain in ignorance, to be-
come degraded and vicious. It is our duty to
elevate them in the scale of society, to make
them useful citizens, so that they with us may
contribute to the wealth, the prosperity, and
greatness of our common country.
Why, sir, the policy is a policy to commend
to the American people. It is the only policy
which will give safety and perpetuity to the
union of these States.
Let me mention another encouraging sign.
I noticed the other day that the distinguished
Senator from Nevada, [Mr. Stewart,] hereto-
fore acting with the President of the United
States in opposition to the policy of Congress,
has declared, in resolutions submitted by him,
for universal amnesty and universal suffrage.
Sir, this but shows the progress of the hour; it
but shows the stern, earnest, reliable, loyal, sen-
timent of this Union is right in vindicating
the principles of justice and humanity, and as
sure as God reigns in heaven, they will ulti-
mately triumph over the wrongs and injustice
that the party opposed to the war power and
the war party of the Union have been promul-
gating during this contest, and now seek to
impose on this question of reconstruction.
Sir, I do not feel like pursuing the harsh pol-
icy toward helpless States. I do not feel like
asking (though it would be just to ask) indem-
nity for the past, but I must demand security
for the future. I am standing, so far as I atn
concerned, in favor of limited negro suffrage in
the southern States. On the negro suffrage
bill in the District of Columbia I was in favor
of restricted suffrage. I am to-day in favor of
restricted negro suffrage in the States. I not
only want it for the purpose of balance against
the rebels in those States, but I want it for the
protection of the negro himself. I am not of
those who believe that the Frcedmen's Bureau
bill is broad enough to build a political plat-
form upon, nor yet do I think our Democratic
friends can make a successful race upon the
President's veto message. Doth platforms are
too narrow for the American people to stand
upon. The g-reat, the living, the vital question
of the hour is the extension of suffrage to the
negro in the southern States with a view to his
own protection and the maintenance of loyal
supremacy in the Union.
But, sir, in occupying this position, I do not
differ willi the President of the United States.
In a conversation with Mr. Stearns and with
the Senator from Missouri, [Mr. Henderson,]
and again in a letter addressed to the provis-
ional governor of Mississippi, which I will read,
he declared himself in favor of negro suffrage.
The SPEAKEIi. The gentleman's hour has
expired.
Mr. MOULTON obtained the floor.
Mr. MVE11S. I move that the gentleman
from Missouri bo allowed to conclude his re-
marks.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
Mr. ANDERSON. I thank the House for
the extension accorded to me.
As I was saying, the President of the United
States addressed a letter to the provisional gov-
ernor of Mississippi, which I will read:
Executive Mansion,
Washington, D. C., Amjust 15, I860.
Governor Willi am L. Shakkky, Jack-ion, Miwiibippi:
I am gratified to sec that you have organized your
convention without difficulty. I hope that without
delay your convention will amend your State consti-
tution, abolishing slavery and deiijiug to all future
Legislatures the power to legislate that there is prop-
erty in man. Also, that they will adopt the amend-
ment to the Constitution ol theUnited States abolish-
ing slavery. If you could ex tend the elective franchise
to all persons of color who can read the Constitu-.ion
of the United States in English and write their names,
and to all persons of color who own real estate val-
ued at not less than $250, and pay taxes thereon, you
would completely disarm the adversary and sot an
example the other States would follow. This you can
do with pei foot safety, and you thus place the south-
ern States, in reference lo tree persons of color, upon
the same basis with the free States. I hope and trust
y'our convention will do this, and, as a^eoiiscqucnce,
the radicals, who are wild upon negro franchise, will
bo completely foiled in their attempts to keep the
southern States from renewing their relations to the
Union byuotacceptmgtheirSenat.oi'sand Represent-
atives. ANDREW JOHNSON,
/'resident United titittes.
Here, sir, it will be seen the demands of the
wild radicals of the country were considered
potent, and the President of the United States,
in order to bring about a restoration of these
States to the Union, was willing to accede to
it and urge Governor Sharkey that he should
have the State of Mississippi incorporate into
her constitution the right of franchise tothesc
negroes. Mr. Lincoln, the martyr President,
in his letter to Governor Hahn, of Louisiana,
advocated the same policy. The loyal men of
this Union look to it as a necessity, not only
for the preservation of the supremacy of loy-
alty in the councils of the nation, but as the
means of protection to the negro himself.
But, sir, there is another duty we owe : we
owe something to the loyal sentiment in the
southern States of the Union. It is said they
want immediate admission here. Has Brown-
low said so? Has Maynard, has Stokes said
so? Have these men, known to be in the fore-
front of the fight during the rebellion, said so?
No, sir. They are here presenting credentials
and asking for admission into Congress,; butj
they do not ask it if the military power, of the.
Union is to be withdrawn from those States,
and they are to be left at the mercy of the trai-,
tors there.
"Colonel W. B. Stokes, elected Representative in
Congress, was presented in Nashville a gold-headed
cane on the 8th instant, prior to his departure for
Washington. The presentation took place ill the"
Senate chamber of the capitol, Governor Brown!ow,-
Generals Thomas, Fisk, Milroy, &e„ being present.
In referring to the presentation address by W. B.
Shane, Esq., he said:
" I am again on my way to Washington to help the
Union men to restore law and order 1 I am regardless
who deviates to the right or to the left. If some men
choose to go astray, even if they be high in authority.
I have taken no oath to follow any man. Yourfrienda
in Washington are the Union men m Congress. Some-
times they are termed radicals. I don't care what
name you call them. I can be eallcd a radical as
easily as I was called a Lincolnite and aboliionistin
1861. The radicals are your friends, I repeat. Some
of them are a little extreme in some of their views,
but still you must remember that these Union men
are the ones who saved our Governmentin 1861,when
it required all the energy and courageof man to meet
tlic di eadful crisis. Arc they not the men whom you
should trust now with the reins of Government?"
And, sir, that man utters to-day the loyal sen-
timent of the States to be reconstructed. They
do not desire to be turned over bound hand and
foot to the traitors of the South. So far as the
settlement of this question is concerned they
stand waiting patiently the action of Congress,
well satisfied that its action will be in the inter-
est of the oppressed loyalists of the South.
And, sir, that action will be satisfactory. Tuis
Congress will do its duty and its whole duty
before it adjourns. Time is a renovator of
wrong, a eorrecter of evil. I feel assured that
the loyal men of the South will bo protected by
this Congress, and that it is the intention of this
Congress to preserve their rights in the States
lately in rebellion. And in that policy it will
be sustained by the loyal people of the enljre
country.
Already, sir, the answer comes up from the
loyal hearts of the men of the old Granite State.
In thunder tones they tell us, "We standby
the Congress of the nation ; we mean to pro-
tect the loyal men of the South, both white
and black."
And to that policy the President of the Uni-
ted States was thoroughly committed. But if
perchance he shall pursue such a line of policy
as to consolidate the South, then it will be the
old contest over again, in which Lincoln tri-
umphed over Douglas, Breckinridge, and Bell
—a consolidated North against a consolidated
South. And who will question the result? Who
will doubt where the victory will lie?
Mr. WIIALEY. I wish to make a brief re-
ply to a remark of the gentleman from Missouri,
[Mr. Anderson,] which seemed to have a, per-
sonal reference to my early political faith as a
Douglas Democrat. I only wish to occupy a
moment or two, and not to tire the patience ot
the House.
I desire to say that three different times I
have met the Union members of Congress in
caucus, and cooperated with them in the elec-
tion of their most important ollicers, and it is
not for any gentleman at this late day to come
in and throw suspicion upon an old Douglas
Democrat. I am not sensitive upon this sub-
ject, nor do I wish to make a speech at this
late hour in the evening ; but were I ever so
much inclined to address the House,_ I would
scarcely be able to find the opportunity to do
so, unless I submitted to the tedious process of
registering my name a month in advance of the
time of delivery; for when and how, I would
like to know, can the occasion be secured to a
member here who does not pursue the plan I
have mentioned? My speeches, if made at all,
are off-hand in their character, and I never
expect to deliver one like that of the gentleman
from Indiana. [Mr. Domont,] who, although
absent from his seat throughout the past two
months, has delivered, this afternoon, an elab-
orate and carefully-written speech. I have
sought several weeks in succession for an op-
portunity to be heard in my way, but without
success.
