2440
'THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 7,
casion is to recur briefly to two or three gen-
eral principles which I think should guide us
in acting on the tax bill which is now before
US. In imposing taxes upon domestic industry
there are certain great principles familiar to all
readers of political economy which it will not
be wise for us wholly to neglect. W,e are to
impose taxes upon a great variety of articles.
The present law, as I have said, taxes every-
thing. We seem to be almost in the condition
of England when she first began her system of
taxation, so amusingly described by Sidney
Smith, when every Englishman came into the
world by the aid of a doctor who had paid a
tax, and that he paid all the way through, life,
until he was finally buried in a taxed coffin, in
a taxed grave, and by an undertaker who had
paid a tax; and it was then, and then only, that
his taxation ceased.
Now, I do not suppose that we can reach
a full and thorough compliance with all the
theoretical principles of taxation laid down by
the writers on political economy; but we can
kee'p them steadily in view, and we ought always
to aim to come up to them as perfectly as pos-
sible. In the first place, it is always desirable
to impose taxation upon the results of industry
rather than upon its processes. The processes
of the manufacturer, the tools of the manufac-
turer should not be taxed, but the results of
the manufacture, when they make their appear-
ance, in profits and income, are proper subjects'
of taxation. "When a man is endeavoring by
labor to produce certain products he should
not be taxed in his efforts, in his labor, but
only in the result, the products of that labor.
It is a very commonplace maxim, but a very
true one, and one to be borne in mind in all
these economical discussions, that labor is the
source and the only source of national wealth.
Productive industry feeds all the sources of
national wealth. It is the fountain from which
we draw all the moneys we need for maintain-
ing the Government or for any purpose what-
ever. If ive tax the processes of production
we tax the fountain-head, and thus diminish
the ability to keep up the supply. It is rather
the duty of the Government not to diminish
the force of this productive industry, but to
stimulate it, to aid it, to increase it.
Suppose a man is engaged in the manufac-
ture of engines or anything of the kind, like
our friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Ames,]
who is so largely engaged in the manufacture
of axes, shovels, and other agricultural imple-
ments, it is not wise to tax the processes of
that manufacture, either in respect to the raw
material that is used or the tools that are em-
ployed or the food of the workmen that are
hired. All those things should be as nearly
free from taxation as possible; but when the
net. results, the profits, the income, are pro-
duced, they arc the legitimate subjects of tax-
ation, and may be levied upon accordingly.
And that, in my judgment, is what is really
involved in what is commonly called the free-
trade policy of England. England found her-
self in a condition when her main and essential
interest was the manufacture of goods for the
markets of the world. She had to compete
with other nations in those markets ; and she
found it absolutely indispensable for the pro-
duction of those goods at such a rate as to en-
able her to successfully maintain that competi-
tion to relieve her manufacturers from taxation
upon everything that entered into the processes
of production. She took the duty off raw cot-
ton because she needed raw cotton for the goods
she manufactures. She took the duty off corn,
for she needed corn to feed her workmen, and
by taxing corn she obliged the manufacturers
to increase the wages of their workmen to pay
the increased cost of their support. And so
everything that entered into the working of her
looms, her forges, and her machine-shops was
relieved from taxation.
It is idle to call that policy free trade. As
it is very properly said by the commissioners
of internal revenue in their admirable report
upon this subject, and as it had been remarked
before by some French economists, it is only
a more subtle form of protection. Instead of
taxing and excluding the goods of other na-
tions, inasmuch as they went to the markets
the ports of which she could not control, she
very wisely reduced the cost of producing her
own goods. That is a principle of universal
application, one that we should apply just as
rapidly as we can; for the same reasons that
make it applicable to England make it appli-
cable to us.
When we perfect our system of internal taxa-
tion ; when we get it to a point where it will
conform to the fundamental principles of polit-
ical economy, the whole of this long list of
manufactured articles that now figures on our
tax bills will disappear, and we shall have left
simply taxation upon the results of industry—
upon the profits of labor; in other words, so
far as the result of manufactures go, we will
have taxation upon incomes alone. I consider
incomes to be the fairest of all subjects for tax-
ation, and I was a little surprised to hear the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Morrill] apologize for continuing the
income tax a little longer. It seems to me that
income is the first thing, so far as industry and
the products of industry are concerned, which
should be taxed; for in taxing income you tax
that which a man has and nothing else, and
that too in exact proportion to the amount of
what he has.
If 3'ou encourage your people in their labor,
in manufactures, in producing wealth, then
after they have produced it and have the net
proceeds in their pockets, it is quite just and
fair and proper for the Government to claim a
proper share of those profits to meet its own
necessities. But the industry of the nation
should be left unfettered; or if fetters have
been imposed upon it, it should be allowed
to regain its freedom at the earliest possible
moment.
Of necessity, there are exceptions to this
rule; and eases where it cannot be at once and
fully; applied. Cotton is undoubtedly one ex-
ception. In my judgment, it is proper to im-
pose a tax upon cotton ; and I think the rate
proposed by the committee is not too high.
However, that question will come up for more
careful consideration when the bill comes to
be examined by sections. I refer to it now,
merely to say that although the tax upon cot-
ton may seem to be an exception to the gen-
eral principle I have laid down, yet the fact
that cotton is a monopoly of this country, and
must be bought from us by all other manu-
facturing countries, takes it out of the cate-
gory._
It is not, for example, like iron. England
has iron, and we have iron. Wc cannot, there-
fore, tax iron in the raw state, as we may tax
cotton. Should we attempt to do so, we should
expose ourselves to unfair, unjust, and injuri-
ous competition on the part of England. But
if wo tax cotton England must pay the tax
also.
But, not to dwell upon this point, the next
principle to which I ask attention for a mo-
ment is that we should tax, so far as possible,
the superfluities and not the necessaries of
life. In the application of this principle to
income is, I suppose, to be sought and found
the justification of the exception of a minimum
which is always made. In England, where an
income tax has come to be one of the fixed
taxes of the country, and will never be re-
pealed, at least while she needs so large a rev-
enue as she now does, I believe the tax is six-
pence to the pound, and £100 of income are
exempt from taxation. The cost of living in
this country is somewhat higher, and espe-
cially for the working classes it is very consid-
erably higher. Our present law exempts $600
of income from taxation. The committee rec-
ommend that the amount exempted be in-
creased to $1,000, and in this I think they have
recommended wisely, although it will subtract
$3,000,000 from the revenue in the aggregate.
An exemption of $1,000 will be but a just ex-
emption. That amount will not maintain a
working man and his family in this country in
any better condition than that in which he
ought to live. The Government should not
trench upon the necessities of the great mass
of'its people. The absolute necessities of the
people should be spared, should be held sacred
from the hand of the tax collector. The peo-
ple should be allowed to enjoy undiminished so
much of their earnings as they need to supply
those necessities.
In regard to the income tax, I observe also
that the committee recommend a repeal of the
extra five per cent, on income over $5,000.
Incomes to the amount of $1,000 are to be
wholly exempt. The amount of income above
$1,000, up to $5,000, is to be taxed at the rate
of five per cent. By the present law an addi-
tional tax of five per cent, is imposed on all
over $5,000. I know that theoretical writers
insist that it is unjust and impolitic to impose
a graduated income tax ; that every man should
pay the same percentage on his income, what-
ever its amount may be. Bat there is this fact
which, it seems to me, ought to be considered:
that the second $5,000 of a man's income is.
generally much more easily earned than the
first $5,000, when any business is entered upon
that will insure large profits. Certainly a man
can better afford to pay a second tax on all
over $5,000 than to pay a hea-^y tax on4he first
$5,000 ofjhis income. I confess that I do not"
think it wise, in the present state of the coun-
try, to exempt the second $5,000 of a man's
income from a second tax. I know that this
may fall heavily upon portions of the commu-
nity, but fortunately they will be those portions
of the community which can best afford to bear
it, and those portions of the community, I will
add, which have thus far borne all taxation
with the utmost readiness, and which show no
signs of complaint at the taxation to which
they are subjected. Even if it should be deemed
wise to reduce somewhat the percentage of tax
on the second $5,000 of income, I hope the
House will not think it wise to release it from
extra taxation altogether.
The same principle of taxing superfluities
and incomes instead of necessaries applies to
the taxation proposed upon commodities, upon
beverages, upon articles consumed. I know
that it is somewhat difficult, theoretically, to
define what are necessaries and what are su-
perfluities. What is a necessity to one man is
a superfluity to another, and what is a super-
fluity to any man at first becomes soon a ne-
cessity of life. But at the same time there are
certain things which are used merely to gratify
artificial tastes; and such things, I think, may
very, properly be called superfluities of life.
And among these all nations recognize dis-
tilled spirits, whisky, fermented li<Juol's, to-
baceo, and to a certain extent, tea and coffee-
These, especially distilled spirits, are always
made the subjects of heavy taxation.
In England distilled spirits are heavily taxed,
and yield a very large portion of the revenue.
Four of these articles—sugar, tea, tobacco, and
spirits—yield $97,000,000 out of $112,000,000
received from customs in England; andlieenses,
malt and spirits, yield $92,000,000 out of
$97,000,000 received ■ as excise. They are
always resorted to, and bear a very large
proportion of the burdens of taxation. Our
own tax bill aims at the same thing and goes
upon the same principle. Under the law now
upon your statute-book whisky is taxed two
dollars a gallon, and in England it is taxed
$2 50. There is no rate upon these articles
which can be so high asto'be objectionable.
On the contrary, the higher the tax the greater
the indirect benefit in diminishing consump-
tion, for all concede that a law which should
largely increase the domestic use of spirits as
a beverage would not conduce to the welfare
and morality of the nation at largo.
The only limit, in my judgment, to the amount
of duty to be imposed upon whisky is the
practical enforcement and collection of the tax.
There we encounter a serious difficulty, for if
wo put the tax so high as to make the profit on
illicit distillation very great we shall tempt or
force men into that illicit distillation. I sup-
