8400
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 25,
attempting to interfere with the course of public
justice, or the exercise of executive clemency; and
whether any further legislation is necessary to pro-
tect the rights of citizens and of the rank and file
of the Army against oppression and injustice under
color of military authority pr martial law, and tha t
said committee have power to send for persons ana
^&]ie;oived, That the President of the United States
be requested to transmit to this House copies of the
record and proceedings of the court-martial hold at
the city of Washington, in or about the month of
September, 1865, in the ease of Dorenco Atwa;ter,
late a private in the general service of the United
States Army, including all testimony taken before
the said court-martial, together with all orders and
papers relating to the finding or sentence of said
court-martial, or the execution thereof; and also
copies of all papers subsequently presented to the
President in relation to thecasc of said Atwater, and
looking toward the canceling or annulling of the
finding and sentence of said court-martial, or other
redress to said Atwater; together with any and all
reports, recommendations, statements, protests, or
other papers that may have been received by the
President from the Judge Advocate General of the
Army, or from any other officer or officers of the
Army touching the case of said Atwater, or any ac-
tion or proposed action theroon.
The question was upon agreeing to the reso-
lutions.
Mr. HALE. In offering these two resolu-
tions upon the same subject, I ask the attention
of the House for a few minutes while I briefly
state the facts upon which they are founded.
This is a matter affecting directly only a very
humble individual, a citizen of the State of
Connecticut, who served for some years as a
private in a volunteer regiment of the State of
New York. Indirectly I think it affects the
rights and privileges of every citizen of the
United States, and particularly of every soldier,
whether in the regular or volunteer service.
I have here upon my table two memorials,
■which I propose to present to-day under the
rule for reference to the Committee on Military
Affairs, bearing upon the subject.. One of them
is a memorial of the party immediately inter-
ested, Dorenee Atwater, setting forth thcfacts
in his case, and asking that this Congress may
afford liim proper relief. The other is a me-
morial of a large number of highly respectable
citizens of the town of Terryville, Connecticut,
his own residence and native place, setting
forth their knowledge of his character, certify-
ing him to be a young man of the highest stand-
ing and integrity, morally and intellectually,
and setting forth the facts of his case as they
have learned them and asking the action of
Congress upon it.
The facts of his case are very briefly these:
Dorenee Atwater, at the age of seventeen years,
in 1801, enlisted in a regiment of New York
volunteers. He served down to the month of
August, 1863, at which time he was taken pris-
oner at Ilagerstown, Maryland, during the pur-
suit of the rebel army on its retreat from Get-
tysburg. He remained a prisoner in the hands
of the rebels for twenty-two months, several
months after his term of enlistment had ex-
pired. During his confinement at Anderson-
ville he was detailed as clerk in the offiec of
the rebel surgeon of the prison. It there be-
came his duty to keep what was called "the
dead-list," the record of those who died in the
Andersonville prison. This record he kept for
many months, during which time the deaths
amounted to over twelve thousand. The idea
occurred to him while he was there keeping
those records that the information afforded by
that list would be of the highest value and im-
portance to the citizens of the North, the rela-
tives and friends of those soldiers who were
there dying by hundreds and thousands. At
the risk of his life, he succeeded in making a
complete copy of that dead-roll, and when he
was paroled he secreted it on his person and
brought it through the lines with him to. the
parole camp at Annapolis. It appears that,
subsequently, some of the officers of one of the
staff departments in Washington, learning that
Atwater had such a list, called upon him to
fitter into negotiations for the surrender of the
list to the Government. He did enter into such
jaegouations, and finally upon urgent applica-
tion and against his own wish (he desiring sim-
ply to publish this list for the benefit of those
■who were anxious concerning the fate of their
relatives and friends in -the rebel prison) he
entered into an agreement with a bureau officer
in this city to surrender these rolls to the Gov-
ernment, as he affirms, on three conditions:
first, that he was to receive $800; second, that
he was to be appointed to a clerkship in the
War Department; and third, that these rolls
when copied by the Department should be re-
turned to him.
The record of the evidence before the court-
martial that afterward tried him shows that
there is no conflict between him and the officer
with whom this bargain was made, except upon
one point, the officer stating the agreement to
have been that he was to receive acopy of the
rolls and not the original—an entirely imma-
terial point so far as regards the merits of the
case. Atwater surrendered the papers, received
the $300, and also received the clerkship, he
being obliged for that purpose to enlist anew
in the general service of the Army. He re-
mained for some months in that service. From
time to time he called upon the officers of the
Department to return to him his rolls. He re-
ceived answers from time to time that they were
not copied, or that the Department was not
then prepared to part with them. He finally
received a direct and decided answer that the
Department would not deliver to him either
the rolls or a copy of them, according to the
agreement set forth in his own memorial and
in the testimony of the officers before the court-
martial. Those officers took the responsibility
of directly repudiating their own agreement,
and without right or color of right retaining
the rolls from him. To that he of course sub-
mitted, for he had no alternative.
I ought to remark here that these copies
which were furnished by Atwater were the first
information afforded to the anxious people of
the North regarding the fate of those prisoners
who had died in Andersonville prison. After-
ward, the original records were in part, but
not fully, captured by our armies; but the
or.ly complete list we have ever had is At-
water's list. Some months after Atwater was
detailed to go to Andersonville with a party
under the command of a quartermaster of the
Army, for the purpose of marking the graves
of the United States prisoners buried there.
The original copy of the roll made by Atwater
was taken with that party to be used at Ander-
sonville. Those rolls there came into his hands
in the ordinary course of his duty in identifying
and marking the graves. When the duties of
that party at Andersonville were completed, the
rolls remained in his hands; they were not
called for there. Without being questioned he
put them in his trunk and brought them to
Washington. After he arrived in Washing-
ton, on the first inquiry that was made in re-
gard to the rolls, he avowed their possession,
stating that he claimed to own them, that they
were his under the agreement of the Depart-
ment. lie simply put himself on his rights,
claiming his own property. In his whole con-
duct there was not the first trace of secrecy, of
fraud, of felonious intent, from beginning-to
end. I should add that they had been already
copied by the Department.
For this act this young man was arrested by
order of an officer of a staff department in this
city, committed to the Old Capitol prison, after-
ward brought to trial before a court-martial,
and by that court-martial, on the facts which I
have here detailed—and the record of that court-
martial I myself have read and examined—on
these facts he was convicted of the crime of
larceny, sentenced to confinement in a State
prison in New York for a term of years, to re-
fund the $300, to give back his papers, and lose
all pay and allowances due him from the Uni-
ted States. He was put in chains in this city
as a felon and carried through its streets, taken
to Auburn prison, in the State of New York,
and confined there in a cell and in the garb of
a felon. And I say, on my reputation as a law-
yer and a man, that it is impossible any intelli-
gent man can read the record of that court-
martial without saying it is a case of the
grossest and most monstrous cruelty and in-
justice that ever oppressed any human being.
This would seem to be sufficient to call for an
inquiry in this case of Atwater, but there are
other and subsequent facts which I apprehend
call for the vigorous interposition of this House.
Atwater was subsequently discharged from
prison under a general order discharging pris-
oners convicted by courts-martial, but still
remained with the brand of a felon upon him.
These memorials to which I have referred
came to my hands several weeks ago. Before
presenting them to Congress I deemed it my
duty to seek for redress from the military and
executive authorities of the nation. I caused
a copy of Atwater's memorial to be transmit-
ted to the President of the United States, with
the request that the Judge Advocate General
of the Army might be called upon to reexam-
ine the case and report whether, in his opinion,
the facts proved before the court-martial against
Atwater justified his conviction. A copy of the
charge and proceedings was laid before the
President for the purpose of asking him to take
such action as should in some little degree tend
to redress the great wrong this young man had
suffered. Sir, I have reason to believe that the
Judge Advocate General did examine that
record. I have reason to believe, in return-
ing his opinion together with a copy of the pro-
ceedings, he certified that, in his judgment, the
evidence before the court-martial was insuffi-
cient to sustain the charge of felony, and that
it was a proper case in which a special pardon
should issue, stating, as its ground, the insuffi-
ciency of the evidence on which he was con-
victed.
I have reason to believe that another fact
existed in this case, which, if true, is a most
remarkable one. After the head of the Bureau
of Military Justice had made his report and
decision certifying that justice and right en-
titled this man substantially to the abrogation
of his sentence, to restoration to his positiou
among honest men, to bo relieved from the
odium and disgrace of a felon's name, I have
reason to believe that another military officer
of this city, an officer high in rank, the head
of a military bureau, that he dared—-that he
dared, sir, I use the word deliberately—to
interfere by submitting a paper in the teeth
of the recommendation of the proper head of
the Bureau of Military Justice to urge that jus-
tice be not done this man. On what ground?
That Atwater, after his discharge from prison,
after the end of his term of service in the
Army, had presumed to make publications
which reflected on the character of a subor-
dinate of his bureau.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think in order to relieve
other officers in this city, the gentleman from
New York should give the name of the officer
to whom he refers.
Mr. HALE. I do not know whether I ought
to mention his name now. When the matter
comes before the committee it will then be
made public, and that, I trust, will be suffi-
cient for all practical purposes, both for the
officer in question and others.
,One word in conclusion. Without assuming
to prejudge this case, it strikes me it is of all
cas^s-a most proper one for thorough and
searching investigation : and if it shall prove
true that any officer of the Army, high or low,
distinguished or ignoble, has dared to put him-
self in the position that I apprehend and have
reason to believe this man has done, has dared
to place himself athwart the path of even-
handed justice to a humble man for the pur-
pose of protecting a subordinate in his office
or himself, T can only say that such a man
ought certainly to be stricken from the rolls
of the Army with disgrace and infamy.
Mr. PAINE. Mr. Speaker, it seems to me
that the gentleman ought, in justice to those
officers in this city who are innocent, to inform,
the House who this officer is; and I earnestly
ask him to give us now the name of the officer.
Mr. HALE. Mr. Speaker, I have stated that
I have reason to believe that these facts exist,
but I do not think I ought to go further than I
have gone until the matter snail come to ths
