1866.
TEE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
United States, the marshal of the United States
in the execution of the judgment of the Fed-
eral judge, the sergeant-at-arms of the court
of appeals, or the sheriff of the circuit court
ia which there was interference by this Freed-
men's Bureau to impede and obstruct and divide
them in the exercise of their judicial functions,
could apply for a writ of prohibition to the
proper court, and to insert a declaration in the
bill itself that that writ should be obsferved and
respected and obeyed by the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, and you deliberately voted down that
proposition.
"The term is certainly a very comprehensive one,
and is understood to apply to any proceedingina court
of justice by which an individual pursuesthat remedy
in a court of justicc which the law affords him."
That is a concise and clear definition of a suit,
and a suitinvolves, necessarily, judicial power.
"The modes of proceeding maybe various; but if
aright is litigated between parties in a courtofjustice
the proceeding by which the decision of the court is
sought is a suit. The question between the parties is
precisely the same as it would have been in a writ of
replevin or in an action of trespass. The eonstitu- *
tionality of the ordinance is contested: the party
aggrieved by it applies to a court; and at his sugges-
tion a writ of prohibition, the appropriate remedy, is
issued. Theopposite party appeals, and in the highest
court the judgment is reversed, and judgment given
for the defendant. This judgment was, we think, ren-
dered in a suit."
The Supreme Court, then, Chief Justice Mar-
. shall rendering the opinion, proceed to decide
this suit and to reverse the j udgment of the
court in South Carolina. They decide that a
prohibition is a suit; that any mode of proceed-
ing, whatever may be the form, in which one
party is pursuing a right under the law in a
court of justice, is ,a suit. Tho suits under this
Freedmen's Bureau bill will be thick as leaves
in Vallambrosa. A writ of error or an appeal
from the judgment of an inferior court of the
United States to the Supreme Court is not al-
lowed unless the matter in controversy is of the
value of $2,000. But here you do not organize
a court; you do not profess to organize a court;
and if you did, your organization of a court
would be laughed to scorn by any county-court
lawyer in America. The idea of the Congress
of the United States organizing a court of the
Freedmen's Bureau and authorizing the Presi-
dent to assign Army officers as judges of the
court! Do you call that a court? I offered an
amendment providing that from that court,
miserable, farcical, and grotesque as it would
be, there should be allowed a writ of error or
appeal from its decisions to the district or cir-
cuit eourl of the United States and then to the
Supreme Court. The Supreme Court and these
inferior United States courts are branches of
the Government of which you arc a branch ;
they are the appropriate judicial tribunals; they
arc a part of the Constitution of our country in
the organization of the judicial department, to
exercise exclusively the very jurisdiction with
which you have attempted to invest this freed
negro bureau. I appealed to your justice, to
your magnanimity, to your sense of right, in
order to prevent the abuse of power so anoma-
lous, so unconstitutional, vested in this bureau
by your bill, to allow appeals or writs of error
from the judgments—no, I will not so desecrate
the term judgments—the behests, the decrees,
or whatever you may call them, of this anoma-
lous, unconstitutional, and most contemptible
tribunal to the courts of the country; and in the
solid, undivided strength of party you voted that
proposition down.
This abominable measure is unconstitutional
in another important feature. It violates article
seven of the amendments of the Constitution,
which is in these words;
"In suits at common law, where the value in con-
troversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial
bv jury shall be preserved; and no fact tried by a jury
shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the
United States than according to tho rules of the com-
mon law.''
Here, sir, is vour warrant of authority, your
power of attorney. All the little, brief, transi-
tory power with which you are clothed, and
which you are now exercising in a manner to
shock the world, you hold from the Constitu-
39th Com 1st Sess.—No. 2f.
tion of the United States, and that Constitu-
tion declares explicitly that:
" In suits at common law, where the value in con-
troversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right of trial
byjury shall be preserved; and no fact tried by ajury
shall be otherwise reexamined in any court of the
United States than according to the rules of the com-
mon law."
Iti exposition of this provision of the Con-
stitution I will read an extract from the opin-
ion of Mr. Justice Story in the case of Parsons
vs. Bedford et al., to be found in 3 Peters'sRe-
ports, page 438. Let*us see what the right of
the citizen to have all matters of controversy
in which twenty dollars are involved tried by a
jury means by the judicial interpretation of the
Supreme Court, and that interpretation written
by Justice Story, with the concurrence of the
court. He was once great authority all over
the United States, and he is yet in the West
and in the great middle States: but he has lost
his power and his weight as a great judicial
light in Yankee land; and why? Because his
opinions and the principles which they estab-
lished are incompatible with the present po-
litical systems of Yankee land. Here is what
Mr. Justice Story says:
"The trial byjury is justly dear to the American
people. It has always been an object of deep interest
and solicitude, and every encroachment upon it has
been watched with great jealousy. The right to such
a trial is, it isbelievdd, incorporated into and secured
in every State constitution in the Union; and it is
found in the constitution of Louisiana."
The case came up from Louisiana.
"One of the strongest objections originally taken
against the Constitution of the United States was the
want of an express provision securing the right of
trial byjury in civil cases."
And that objection was so strongand deemed
to be of such vital importance that it was at once
obviated by the adoption of the seventh amend-
ment to the Constitution, which I have read,
which sccurcs that right.
"As soon astheConstifcutionwasadoptcd/this right
was secured by the seventh amendment of the Con-
stitution proposed by Congress; and which received
an assent of the people so general, as to establish its
importance as a fundamental guarantee of the rights
and liberties of the people. This amendment de-
clares, that' in suits at common law, where the value
in controversy shall exceed twenty dollars, the right
of trial by jury shall be preserved: and no fact once
tried by ajuryshallbeotherwiscreexamina.bleinany
court of the United States than according to the rules
of the common law.-' At this time there were no
States in the Union the basis of whose jurisprudence
was not essentially that of the common law in its
widest moaning; and probably no States were con-
templated in which it would not exist. The phrase
1 common law/ found in this clause, is used in con-
tradistinction to equity and admiralty and maritime
jurisprudence. The Const itutionhrul declared,in the
third article, 4 that the judicial powershall extend to
all eases in law and equity arising under this Con-
stitution, the laws of the United States, and treaties
made or which shall be made under their authority,'
&c., and to all cases of admiralty and maritime juris-
diction. It is well known that in civil causes in
courts of equity and admiralty juries do not inter-
vene, and that courts of equity use the trial by jury
only m extraordinary cases to inform the conscience
of the court.
"When, therefore, we find that the amendment re-
quires that the rightof trial byjury shall bepreserved
in suits at common law, the natural conclusion is that
this distinction was present to the mind'? oftheframers
of the amendment. Bycommonlaw theymeantwhat
the Constitution denominated in the third article
'law:' not merely suits which the common law recog-
nized among its old and settled proceedings, but suits
in which legal rights were to be ascertained and de-
termined; in contradistinction to those where cquita-
blerights alone were rccognizcd and equitable reme-
dies were administered; or where, as intheadmiralty,a
mixture of publiclaw and of maritime law and equity
was often found in the same suit. Probably there were
few if anvStatesin the Union in which somenewlegal
remedies differing from the old common-law forms
werenotmuse; but in which, however, the trial byjury
intervened, and the general regulations in other re-
spects were according to the course of the common law.
Proceedings in cases of partition, and of foreign and
domestic attachment, mightbe cited as examples va-
riously adopted and modified. In a just sense, the
amendment then may well be construed to embrace
all suits which are not of equity and admiralty juris-
diction, what evermay be the peculiar form which they
may assume to settle legal rights. And Congress seems
to have acted with reference to this exposition in the
judiciary act of 1789, chapter twenty, (which was con-
temporaneous with theproposal of this amendment;)
for in the ninth section it is provided, that4 the trial
of issue* in fact in the district courts in all causes ex-
cept civil causes of admiralty and maritime jurisdic-
tion, shall be by jury;' and in the twelfth section it
is provided, that' the trial of issues in fact in the cir-
cuit courts shall in all suits, except those of equity
and of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction, be by
jury;% and, again, in the thirteenth.section, it is.pro-
vided that ' the trial of issues in fact in the Supreme
Court in all actions at law against citizens of the Uni-
ted States shall be by jury.'"
I have read the provision of the Constitution,
which is as plain and as explicit and as clear
as language can express it. I have read the
exposition of that amendment guarantying to
every citizen the right of trial by jury in all civil
cases when the amount involved in contest is
as much as twenty dollars, by the Supreme
Court of the United States, the opinion ren-
dered by Mr. Justice Story; and they decide in
conformity to the plain and explicit provision
of the Constitution and in conformity to the
provision of the judiciary act of 1789, passed,
as they say, simultaneously with the adoption"
of this amendment. They show that by com-
mon-law suits were meant all suits contradistin-
guished from equity and admiralty suits. All
this mass of suits, it is provided by the Con-
stitution, where the amount is above twenty dol-
lars, shall be tried by a jury. They decided
that the Congress of the United States in pass-
ing the judiciary actof 1789 expressly provided
that in the district and circuit courts and in the
Supreme Court itselfj wherever there is a com-
mon-law issue of the amount exceeding twenty
dollars, either party to that issue is entitled to
his constitutional privilege to have it decided
by a jury.
Now, I think, Mr. President, that I have well
made out my position, and that the honorable
Senator from Illinois, with all his legal ability,
cannot shake it, that this bill invests or attempts
to invest not in a court but in an executive de-
partment judicial powers; that it blends and
confuses the departments of the Government by
authorizing the President to make this bureau
consist, if he pleases, of Army officers who hold
their office and position by his will. The Con-
stitution dire.cts that all judicial power shall bo
vested in the Supreme Court and such inferior
courts as Congress may from time to time es-
tablish ; and it is a flagrant assumption of power,
a flagitious infraction of the Constitution, to
attempt by this bill to invest this bureau with
any judicial power. In addition to the violation
of the express assignment of power by the Con-
stitution to the courts of the country, it violates
the seventh amendment, which guaranties to
every American litigant who has a common-law®
suit, a right to a trial by jury when the amount
involved in the contest is twenty dollars or
upward.
Let us "now examine for a short time what
is the object of passing this enormous, outrage-
ous, and monstrous measure. Let me give you
an example or two. Here are provisions that
would deform any court in the world in any civ-
ilized county. The courts of Prussia, all the
grand courts of the Ottoman Porte, of the leaden
despot of Austria, any Government in the world,
would be deformed and outraged by the intro-
duction of such a feature as this. I read from
the eighth section of this bill:
Any person who, under color of any State or local
law, ordinance, police, or other regulation or custom,
shall, in any State or district in which the ordinary
course of judicial proceedingshasbeen interrupted by
the rebellion—
Not where it continues to be interrupted, but
where it has been interrupted, no odds how
long before—
subject, or cause to be subjected, any negr®, mulatto,
frccdman, refugee, or other person, on account ot race
or color, or any previous condition of slavery^or invol-
untary servitude, except as a punishment fox crime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, or
for anv other cause, to the deprivation ot any civil
right secured to white persons, or to any other or dif-
ferent punishment than white-persons are subject to
for the commission of like acts or offenses, shall bo
deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and be punished by
fincnot exceeding $1,000, orimprisonmentnot exceed-
ing one year, or both; and it shall be the duty of
the officers and agents of this bureau to take juris-
diction of and hear and determine all offenses com-
mitted against the provisions of this section, and also
of all eases affecting negroes, mulattoes, freedmen,
refugees, or other persons who are discriminated
against in any of the particulars mentioned in the pre-
ceding section of this act, under such rules and regu-
lations as the President of the United States, throngs
the War Department, shall prescribe.
• The previous section provides that the freed-
