1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3401
notice of the committee to which I ask to have
the subject referred. There is no officer who
is familiar with the operations of the Army
staff at Washington but knows perfectly well
the name of the officer to whom I refer. I
prefer not to name him—God knows from no
fear of eonscquences to myself, but simply as
a matter of propriety. His name will be known
soon enough, and wide enough. Upon this
statement 1 submit the ease to the considera-
tion of the House; and unless some other mem-
ber desires to be heard, I move the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolutions were agreed to.
pa y" of clerk to serge ant-at-arms.
Mr. KERR, from the Committee of Ac-
counts, by unanimous consent submitted the
following resolution; which was road, consid-
ered, and agreed to :
lt-mlrr-1, That the salary of the chief clerk in the
office of the Serjeant-at-Arms be the same as that of
the assistant di>bu!sing clerk of tho Ilouso durmg
the Thirty-Xinlh Con£res.J.
Mr. FINCK moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed; and also
moved that tho motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiib president.
A message was received from tho President
of the United States by Mr. Cooper, his Pri-
vate Secretary, informing the House that the
President had approved and signed the follow-
ing acts and joint resolutions:
An act (II. 11. No. 8o) for the disposal of the
public lands for homestead actual settlement
in the States of Alabama, Mississippi, Louisi-
ana, Arkansas, and Florida;
An act (II. 11. No. -18:2) to incorporate the
Howard Institute and Home of the District of
Columbia;
•loint resolution (FT. It. No. 148) to author-
ize the distribution of surplus copies of the
American State Papers in the custody of the
Secietary of the Interior;
Joint resolution (H. It. No. 106) to pay the
State of Vermont the sum expended for the
protection of the frontier against the invasion
from Canada in 18G-1;
An act (H. It. No. 4!)2) making appropria-
tions for the repair, preservation, and comple-
tion of certain public works heretofore com-
menced under the authority of law, and for
other purposes; and
An act (II. B.. No. 001) changing the name
of Kmil Cohen.
message from tii15 senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Smith,
one of its Cleiks, informed the House that the
Senate had agreed to the report of the com-
mittee of conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses on House joint resolution
No. 77, for the relief of Ambrose L. Goodrich
and Nathan B. Cornish for carrying the Uni-
ted States mail from Boise City to Idaho City,
in the Territory of Idaho.
Also, that the Senate had passed a joint res-
olution (S. It. No. 86) to provide for the pub-
lication of the official history of the rebellion.
Also, that the Senate had passed House joint
resolution No. 103, for the relief of Charles M.
Blake.
Also, that the Senate had indefinitely post-
poned House joint resolution No. 080, for the
relief of certain officers of the volunteer ser-
vice who failed to make proper returns of
stores and other public property.
aullests in canada.
Mr. HOGAN. I ask unanimous consent to
submit the following resolution:
Resolved, That tho President of tho United States
be requested to communicate to this House, if not
incompatiolc with the public interests, whether any,
and it any whal, step? have been taken by the ex-
ecutive department to interpose it« good offices with
the Government of Great Britain or that of Canada
direct for the relief of those persons arrested in Can-
ada during tho late troubles along the border.
Mr. BANKS. I object.
Mr. HOGAN. It is simply asking for in-
formation, if not incompatible with the public
interest, whether anything lias been done. I
hope there will be no objection.
Mr. BANKS. I have reason to believe that
steps have been taken on this subject, but it
strikes me the inquiry had better be deferred
a few days at least.
The SPEAKER. Objection being made, the
resolution is not before the House.
land grants in minnesota.
Mr. DONNELLY. I ask unanimous consent
to report from the Committee on Public Lands
Senate hill No. 221, relating to lands granted
to the State of Minnesota to aid in the con-
struction of railroads.
The bill was read. It provides that when-
ever it shall appear that the United States have
sold or disposed of any lands granted to the
Territory or State of Minnesota for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of railroads, after
the passage of the act granting the same, and
after the definite location of the line of road,
and before tho withdiawal of said lands from
sale at the proper local land office, said Stale
may by its agent select, in lieu of the lands so
sold or disposed of, from any of the lands of
the United States subject to sale, within twenty
miles of the line of the proper road, a quantity
of land equal to that so sold or disposed of;
and the lands so selected shall be substituted
for those so sold or disposed of by the United
States, and may be disposed of by said State
in all respects as if said substituted lands had
been parcel of the original grant to the State.
It further provides that the time named in
the act. granting lands to the Territory of Min-
nesota to aid in the construction of a certain
railroad "from Saint Paul and from Saint
Anthony, by the way of Minneapolis, to a con-
venient point ofjunetion west of tho. Mississippi
river, to the southern boundary of the Terri-
tory," approved March ;J, 18o7, for the con-
struction and completion of said road, is heieby
extended for seven years from the passage of
this act.
It further provides that all the lands hereto-
fore granted to the Territory and State of Min-
nesota to aid in the construction of railroads,
shall be certified to said State by the Secretary
of the Interior, from time to lime, whenever
any of said roads shall be definitely located,
and shall be disposed of by said Stale in the
manner and upon the conditions provided in
the particular act granting the same ; provided
that when the original quantity granted to aid
in the construction of any road has been in-
creased, the quantity authorized to be sold from
time to time shall be increased correspondingly ;
and provided further, that on the completion of
any ten miles of road the State may sell one
half the quantity of lands which said State is
authorized to dispose of on the completion of
twenty miles.
It further provides that the lands granted
specifically, lying in place, on any division of
ten miles of road shall not be disposed of until
the road shall be completed through and con-
terminous with the same.
Several amendments, mostly of a verbal char-
acter, were reported by the committee.
Mr. KASSON. I would inquire of my friend,
as a member of the Commit tee on Public, Lands,
whether that, committee has added to this bill
what it was understood both tho House and
the committee desired hereafter to add to our
land-grant bills, that is, one of two provisions,
namely, either that the lands thus granted
should he subject to preemption all the time
at a fixed minimum, or that the company for
whose benefit the grant is made should be
compelled within a limited time to offer them
for public sale. Unless we adopt that course
the time is near at band when we shall have
scarcely a hundred thousand acres of laud in
the Teiiitoiies of the United States subject to
settlement by emigrants from the East. These
railroad corporations are absorbing almost all
the valuable lands throughout the Territories
of the West. We grant lands to them for ten
years without obliging them to sell an acre or
to open them to preemption by settlers. They
! go to work and mortgage the lands for aid in con-
structing their roads and then the mortgagers
cannot sell so long as the interest is paid.
Thus we establish an enormous land monopoly
all over the western country which is depriv-
ing the people of tho use of the public lands.
With these views, which I have heretofore ex-
pressed to the House I believe, I have only to
saythat I understood from the chairman of the
Committee on Public Lands that that commit-
tee was favorable to guarding hereafter against
this monopoly by one of the two provisions of
whieli I have spoken, and in listening to the
amendments proposed by the committee I heard
nothing of that kind. I ask my friend from
Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] whether any at-
tention was given in the committee to this
subject.
Sir. DONNELLY. I beg to say, in reply to
the inquiry of the gentleman from Iowa, [Mr.
Kaskox,] that this bill makes no new grant
whatever. It docs not add a foot of land to
what, has been already granted. Its provisions
refer simply to details in regard to the grants
already made. For instance, it provides that
when bona fide settlers have gone upon the
lands to which this company lias acquired title
the company shall not be compelled to dis-
possess them and drive them from their homes,
but may go elsewhere and select other lands in
lieu thereof—a measure favorable to the settlers
and against the company, since it is probable
that the lands so settled upon are nearer tho
roads and of more value than the lands taken
in lieu thereof.
it also provides that the number of miles
of railroad required to be built before tho
company shall acquire title to any of its lands
under the grant shall be reduced from twenty
miles to ten miles. That is to say, when the
company has built ten miles of road they shall
acquire one half the number of acres they would
have acquired under the former bill by building
twenty miles. This is but a just and equitable
provision, and is rendered necessary by the in-
creasing difficulty experienced in the construc-
tion of western railroads. And while it, is a
measure of convenience and advantage to the
companies, it is no detriment to the Govern-
ment. since it gives the companies nothing in
addition to what they are already entitled to.
There are other matters in this bill, some for
the advantage of tho company, some for tho
people, and which 1 shall be happy to state
if any gentlemen desire it.
It might be a question whether in such a
bill as this, we could insert such a provision as
the gout Ionian from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] refers
to, since wo are not now granting lands but are
legislating in regard to grants already made,
and in which these companies now have vested
i rights.
j Mr. KASSON. If my friend will allow me,
I will state that in a similar ease affecting a
; land grant to my own State, I submitted that
' proposition to the Committee on Public Lands.
My argument is that where we grant any new
' be'nefit whatever to a railroad company we have
| a right to accompany that, grant with certain
conditions therein set, forth. In that aspect it
■ comes entirely in our power to accompany the
' grant of any new privilege with the condition
: 1 have named, and I very much hoped that my
friend from Minnesota [Mr. Doxxeli.y] would
have inserted that condition in his bill.
I was this morning looking at the map of the
railroad grants to the State of Minnesota pub-
lished by the Land Office, showing by colors what
' the grants are, and from looking at the map it
1 certainly seemed to me that one half or nearly
' three fourths of the public lands of that State
were covered by railroad grants.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. Almost as bad as
: Iowa, I suppose. [Laughter.] _
: Mr. KASSON. Very riiuch like Iowa. But
. I am urging this principle upon the State of
• Iowa and every other State. There is nothing
' selfish in iny proposition, but it is a principle
! of universal application. 1 hold that our lands
