APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Message of the President.
39tii Cong,...1st Sess.
destruction of the other; the preservation of the
one is the preservation of the other.
I have thus explained my views of the mu-
tual relations of the Constitution and the States,
bccaure they unfold the principles on which I
have sought to solve the momentous questions
and overcome the appalling difficulties that
met me at the very commencement of my ad-
ministration. It has been my steadfast object
to escape from the sway of momentary pas-
sions, and to derive a healing policy from the
fundamental and unchanging principles of the
Constitution.
I found the States suffering from the effects
of a civil war. Resistance to the General Gov-
ernment appeared to have exhausted itself.
The United Stales had recovered possession of
their torts and arsenals ; and their armies were
in the occupation of every State which had at-
tempted to secede. Whether the territory within
the limits of those States should beheld as con-
quered territory, under military authority ema-
nating from the President as the head of the
Army, was the first question that presented it-
self for decision.
Now, military governments, established for
an.indefinite period, would have offered no se-
cnrily for the early suppression of discontent;
would have divided the people into the van-
quishers and the vanquished; and would have
envenomed hatred, rather than have restored
alfection. Once established, no precise limit
to their continuance was conceivable. They
would have occasioned an incalculable and ex-
hausting expense. Peaceful emigration toand
from that portion of the country h one of (he
best means that can be thought of for the res-
toration ofharmony ; andthateniigralion would
have been prevented ; for what emigrant from
abroad, what industrious citizen at home, would
jjlace himself willingly under military rule?
The chief persons who would have followed in
the train of the Army would have been depend-
ents on the General Government, or men who
expected profit from the miseries of their erring
fellow-citizens. The powers of patronage and
rule which would have been exorcised, under
the President, over a vast and populous and
naturally wealthy region, are greater than, un-
less under extreme necessity, 1 should ho will-
ing to intrust, to any one man ; they are such
as, for myself, I could never, unless on occa-
sions of great cmorgencv, consent to exercise.
The willful use of such powers, if continued
through a period of years, would have endan-
gered the purity of the general administration
andfhc liberties of the States which remained
loyal.
Besides, the policy of military rule over a
conquered territory would have implied that the
States whose inhabitants may have taken part
in (he rebellion had, by the act of those inhab-
itants. ceased to exist. But the true theory is,
that ail pretended acts of secession were, from
the beginning, null and void. The States can-
not commit treason, nor screen the individual
citizens who may have committed treason, any
more than they can make valid treaties or en-
gage in! awful commerce with any foreignPower.
The States attempting to secede placed them-
selves in a condition where their vitality was
impaired, but not extinguished—their functions
su-'pended. but not destroyed.
l!nt if any State neglects or refuses to perform
its elite.", there is the more need that the Gen-
eral Government should maintain all its author-
ity, and, as soon as practicable, resume the
exercise of all its functions. On"this principle
1 have acted, and have gradually and quietly,
andbyalmostimperceptible steps, sought tore-
store the rightful energy of the General Govern-
mentandof the States. Totbatend, provisional
governors have been appointed for the States,
conventions called. Governors elected, Legisla-
tures assembled, and Senators and Representa-
tives chosen to the Congress of the United States.
At the same time the courts of the United States,
a& fax as could be done, have been reopened, so
that, the laws of the United States may be en-
forced through their agency. The blockade has
been removed and the custom-houses reestab-
lished in ports of entry, so that the revenue of
the United States may be collected. The Post
Office Department renews its ceaseless activity,
and the General Government is thereby enabled
to communicate promptly with its officers and
agents. The courts bring security to persons
and property ; the opening of the ports invites
the restoration of industry and commerce; the
post office renews the facilities of social inter-
course and of business. And is it not happy for
us all, that the restoration of each one of these
functions of the General Government brings
with it a blessing to the States over which they
are extended? Is it not a sure promise ofhar-
mony and renewed attachment to the Union that,
after all that has happened, the return of the
General Government is known only as a benefi-
cence?
I know very well that this policy is attended
with some risk; that for its success it requires
at least the acquiescence of the States which it
concerns; that it implies an invitation to those
States, by renewing their allegiance to the
United States, to resume their functions as
States of the Uuion. But it is a risk tliat( must
be taken; in the choice of difficulties, it is the
smallest risk; and to diminish, and, if possible,
to remove all danger, I have felt it incumbent
on me to assert one other power of the General
Government—the power of pardon. As no
State can throw a defense over the crime of
treason, the power of pardon is exclusively
vested in the Executive Government of the
United States. In exercising that power, I
have taken every precaution to connect it with
the clearest recognition of tho binding force of
the laws of the United States, and an unquali-
fied acknowledgment of the great social change
of condition in regard to slavery which has
grown out of the war.
The next, step which I have, taken to restore
the constitutional relations of tho States has
been an invitation to them to participate in the
high office of amending the Constitution. Every
patriot must, wish for a general amnesty at the
earliest epoch consistent with public safety.
For this great, end there is need of a concur-
rence of all opinions, and tho spirit of mutual
conciliation. All parties in the late terrible
conflict must work together in harmony. It is
not too much to ask, in the name of the whole
people, that, on the one side, the plan of res-
toration shall proceed in conformity with a
willingness to cast the disorders of the'past into
oblivion; and that, on the other, the evidence
of sincerity in the future maintenance of the
Union shall be put beyond any doubt by the
ratification of the proposed amendment to the
Constitution, which provides for tlic abolition
of slavery forever within the limits of our coun-
try. So long as the adoption of this amend-
ment is delayed, so long will doubt and jealousy
and uncertainty prevail. This is the measure
which will efface the sad memory of the past;
this is the measure which will most certainly
call population and capital and security to
tlio^e parts of the Union that need them most.
Indeed, it is not too much to ask of the States
which are now resuming their places in the
family of the Union to give this pledge of per-
petual loyalty and peace. Until it is done, the
past, however much we may desire it, will not
be forgotten. The adoption of the amendment
reunites us beyond all power of disruption. It
heals the wound that is still imperfectly closed;
it removes slavery, tho element which has so
long perplexed and divided the country; it
makes of us once more a united people, renewed
and strengthened, bound more than ever to
mutual aflection and support.
Tho amendment to the Constitution being-
adopted, it would remain for the States, whose
powers have been so long in abeyance, to resume
their places in the two branches of the national
Legislature, and thereby complete the work of
restoration. Here it is for you, fellow-citizens
of the Senate, and for you, fellow-citizens of
the House of Representatives, to judge, each
of you for yourselves, of the elections, returns,
and qualifications of your own members.
The full assertion of the powers of the Gen-
eral Government requires the holding of circuit
courts of the United States within the districts
where their authority has been interrupted. In
the present posture of our public affairs, strong
objections have been urged to holding those
courts in any of the States where the rebellion
has existed; and it was ascertained, by inquiry,
that the circuit court of the United States would
not be held within the distritt of Virginia dur-
ing the autumn or early winter, nor until Con-
gress should have "an opportunity to consider
and act on the whole subject." To your delib-
erations the restoration of this branch of the
civil authority of the United States is therefore
necessarily referred, with the hope that, early
provision will bo madeforthercsumption of all
its functions. It is manifest that treason, most
flagrant in its character, has been committed.
Persons who are charged with its commission
should have fair and impartial trials in the high-
est civil tribunals of the country, in order that
the Constitution and the laws may be fully
vindicated; the truth clearly established and
affirmed that treason is a crime, that traitors
should be punished and the offense made in-
famous ; and, at the same time, that the ques-
tion may be judicially settled, finally and for-
ever, that no State of its own will has the right
to renounce its place in the Union.
The relations of the General Government
toward the four million inhabitants whom
the war has called into freedom have engaged
my most serious consideration. On the pro-
priety -of attempting to make the frecdmen
electors by the proclamation of the Executive,
T took for my counsel the Constitution itself,
the interpretations of that instrument by its
authors aud their contemporaries, and recent
legislation by Congress. "When, at tho first
movement toward independence, the Congress
of the United States instructed the several
States to institute governments of their own,
they left each State to decide for itself the
conditions for the enjoyment of the elective
franchise. During the period of the Confed-
eracy, there continued to exist a -scry g,cat
diversity in the qualifications of electors in the
several States; and even within a State a
distinction of qualifications prevailed with re-
gard to the officers who were to be chosen. The
Constitution of the United States recognizes
these diversities when it enjoins that, in the
choice of members of the House of Repre-
sentatives of the United States, "the electors
in each State shall have.the qualifications
requisite for electors of the most numerous
branch of the State Legislature." After the
formation of the Constitution, it remained, as
before, the uniform usage for each State to
enlarge the body of its electors, according to
its own judgment,; aud, under this system, one
State after another has proceeded to increase
the number of its electors, until now universal
suffrage, or something very near it, is the gen-
eral rule. So fixed was this reservation of
power in the habits of the people, and so un-
questioned has been the interpretation of tho
Constitution, that, during the civil war the late
President never harbored the purpose—cer-
tainly never avowed the purpose—of disre-
garding it; and in the acts of Congress, during
that period, nothing can be found which, during
the continuance of hostilities, much less after
their close, would have sanctioned any depart-
ure by the Executive from a policy which has
so uniformly obtained. Moreover, a concession
of the elective franchise to the i'reedmen, by
act of the President of the United States,
must have been extended to all colored men,
wherever found, and so must have established
a change of suffrage in the northern, middle,
and western States, not less1 than in the south-
