1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
419
•was not, rendered there could be a revisory tribu-
- nal reached that would decide itto be unconstitu-
tional. "\Y c maintained, too, at least it was my po-
sition. but that is ijow superseded and absorbed
by the amendment to the Constitution which,
I admit, has the effect to liberate all slaves, but
without that amendment to the Constitution you
had no slave, not a solitary one, in America
liberated. But I care not now for that question ;
I consider now that they are all liberated.
There is a widow and there is an orphan, there-
is an old and decrepit white man who has spent
his life in industry and toil; lie has a little land
and he had some slaves. You have taken all
his slaves from him except the old and decrepit;
and if he is not able to maintain them, here is
a provision of this Government in Kentucky,
which a military subordinate lias, organized to
override the constitution and laws and courts of
that State, which declares that if his old and
decrepit slave, from whatever motive, inability
or any othep motive, is forced to leave the house
and the home of his owner, that house and that
home shall be treated as abandoned property,
shall be seized, and that aged owner who has
earned it by the sweat of his brow and by the
exertions of his arm and his sinews and muscle,
shall he deprived of it, and it shall be given up
to these negroes.
"6. Judicial officers and magistrates arc requested
to'signify their acceptance or rejection of the propo-
sition that they act as agents tor this bureau in the
administration of justice, and in all eases where the
civil officers decline such adjudication it will become
necessary for this office to administer justice in all
cases as would otherwise be adjudicated by such civil
officers,"—
This office to administer justice in such cases
as otherwise would be adjudicated! The At-
torney General knows the state of things in
Kentucky. He knows that this arrangement
is in force ; it has received his sanction, per-
sonal and official. And now you are to pass
this law to give a semi-validity to this mon-
strous system of tyranny and oppression under
the guise of a military bureau backed by bay-
onets, in the State of Kentucky—
" and in so doing will be governed by the laws of this
State, except ;-o far as those laws laake a distinction
on account of color.1'
Oh, yes ! And here the honorable Senator's
bill says to Kentucky, ''Whenever you shall
reform and modify vour laws so as to give the
negro equal civil rights':—and the next demand
will be equal political rights—" we will then re-
move this screw from you.'' Sir, this measure
is intended to place Kentucky and the southern
States on the rack ; the thumb-screw and the
pincers are to bo applied to their muscles and
nerves for purposes of torture, and this torture
is to be continued and applied, and applied
until these States are subjugated, enslaved, un-
manned, ignobly whipped into a compliance
with these degrading conditions. Why. Mr.
President, I should suppose that this terrible
contest had caused the people of the different
States and sections of the United States to be-
come acquainted with each other. Is that the
way to reunite the 'States, to introduce peace
and fraternity and brotherhood among the lately
warring States and sections'? How long has
that system been attempted in Ireland? From
the days of Henry 11, and especially from the
time that William of Orange crossed the Boyne
■water. And what was the effect ? There were
discriminating laws made there against the
Catholic Irish. They felt that those laws were
in violation of all their natural rights, and in
degradation of all their manhood. They op-
posed them from century to century, from age
to age. from generation to generation : and the
Iron Duke himself, when Prime Minister of
England, was at length made, by the determi-
nation and constancy of this long struggle of a
brave and a gallant and an unconquered and
an unconquerable people against tyranny, to
yield to their just demands. What did he say? I
Said he. I have seen as much war as most men; I
he had been the conqueror of Napoleon, and ;
the lienors and regards of Europe and its po- j
tonltuos were being showered down upon him: '
he 'h,1 acknowledged greatest military cap- ;
tain of the age, if not of any age : and, said i
he, " The most of my military service has been
in civil war; ancl I tell you, my lords"—mak-
ing a speech in the House of Lords—"that if
the sacrifice of my life would prevent civil war
in this empire only for six weeks I would
cheerfully make that sacrifice."
Do the men that urge forward this measure
by a disfranchisement of eleven States by a dis-
memberment of the Union think that the rep-
resentatives of those States when they get into
their plaqes here, and their people, will ever rec-
ognize the validity, much less the justice and
the binding obligation, of your amendments to
the Constitution and these measures of policy
that are adopted to grind them to the dust? No,
Mr.President; they will regard them as the Irish
did the oaths excluding Iloman Catholics from
office, from a share in their Government from a
right to vote, and justly. These men do not
want fraiernity; they do not wish a reunion—
not for the present. It is not their purpose.
Their purpose is to keep up the fury and the
tempest of passion upon the cry that the war is
not yet over, although tho President has pro-
claimed it to be so, and although you are ap-
pointing and approving appointments into all
the southern States daily. They want this com-
motion, this turmoil, this fury of passion that
dethrones reason, that destroys all the charities
of the human heart, that subverts patriotism
and every duty of life, private or public—they
want this mad frenzy of passion to continue,
and they want under it to be justified or excused
by their States and constituency for the disso-
lution of the Union that tlicy have made, and
for this lawless, violent, unconstitutional exclu-
sion of eleven States from their representation
on the two floors of Congress.
Oh, say gentlemen, they will come in after
awhile ; it shall be done. When will it be done?
When you have passed through the two Houses
of Congress by a vote of two thirds some of the
most obnoxious propositions as amendments to
the Constitution; when you have passed your
despotic suffrage bill for this District where
there are scarcely ten white citizens who are
not opposed to negro suffrage; when you have
imposed the same odious principle upon the
southern States which most of the northern
States reject with scorn; when you have author-
ized this infamous Freedmen's Bureau, the ■very-
device of the spirit of oppression and of injustice,
to go into all tlie States: when j ou have passed
the kindred measure, to give the negro "equal-
ity before the law,'' in the hackneyed phrase
of tho Senator from Massachusetts, and when
you lia\e passed all the other unjust and out-
rageous measures which you may deem neces-
sary for the preservation of your party ascend-
ency that you may hold on to power.
Mr. President, J tell these gentlemen they do
not want reunion at present. Why? \ou, sir,
[Mr. Howe in the chair] represent a great and
growing and gallant young State of the North-
west. Suppose all New England was held out
of its representation in the Senate and in the
other House as the eleven States arc, where
then would be the sonorous voice of the Senator
from Massachusetts? Where would be his pro-
test, delivered in thunder tones in this Chamber
and resounding through all the mountains of
New England? Suppose the great North-west
were excluded. Mr. President, there are many
ups and downs inlit'e. Political paities in coun-
tries having the form of fiee government are
especially liable to vicissitude. It is an acci-
dent almost that the party who are now in
power are not the party in rebellion. If the
Lecompton constitution, against which I was a
determined foe, had been pati-ed, and Kansas
had been admitted into the Union under that
constitution, a revolt of the free States would
certainty have taken place, and every man, not
excepting the honorable Senator from Illinois,
who is now shouting for these monstrous infrac-
tions of the Constitution, these fearful usurpa-
tions of power, all the~e measures of oppression
which we are denouncing, would have been loud
in denouncing them. In the ups and downs of
parties, it may come to pass m a tew \cars that
the tables will be turned, and then the gentle-
men who constitute the Black Republican party,
and who are now so magisterially wielding power
in this Government and all over the united
States, may be made to take that very Pro-
erustes's bed which they have constructed for
their adversaries. How would theylie upon it?
I hope to live to see this party hurled from
power; but I liope never to live to see the day
when any party, its successor, shall seek to
practice the same enormous abuses of power,
and the same oppression upon its members, that
they have practiced upon those who are opposed
to them.
Mr. President, I am no party man. I am,
fightingtliisbattle upon my own hook. I amfight-
ing it under the inspiration and the teachings of
Mr. Clay, when he proclaimed his noble senti-
ment that ought to be deeply graven upon the
heart of every American statesman and legis-
lator: "I would rather bo right than be Pres-
ident;" and it was true as it was noble. Sir,
if in the short remnant of life that is left to me
any party should dethrone the present party in
power, and should seek to turn the same en-
gines of oppression"upon it that it has so lav-
ishly and unscrupulously attempted to enforce
against others, I would be as much opposed to
the exercise of those powers and the toleration
of those abuses then as I am now.
Mr. President, that great man to whom I have
referred, in 1821, averted one civil convulsion
on the Missouri question, enforcing by his
matchless eloquence and his irresistible power
over men that compromise measure through
Congress. In when the clouds of war
rose again in the South and threatened to burst
in fury over the whole land, he averted a second
time the terrible calamity of civil war. In 1S50.
after the Mexican war had closed by the acqui-
sition of a large scope of country, no man had
wisdom or statesmanship or courage or power
to adjust the vexed question that then arose
except Mr. Clay. He again commanded the
tempest not to rise, and the country had a fur-
ther continuance of peace. Mr. President, if
it had pleased Providence in its bounty, in its
goodness, to this country, to have spared the life
of that great man. and also Mr. Webster, tlicy
would have aveited again the terrible calamity
that has convulsed this country and that has
imperiled, 1 fear forever, constitutional govern;
ment and the liberties of the people.
Mr. President, it was the matchless eloquence
and the unequaled statesmanship of that great
man that enabled him to achieve those great
results for the common good and peace of our
country. It was his mighty power overmen,
it -nas the breadth and depth of his patriotism,
it was his genius and the iiery grandeur of his
soul, and his most marvelous command over
men, that enabled him to effect these great con-
summations. Ho was always for compromise,
for peace, forpouring oil ou the troubled waters.
He wanted no civil strife, no sectional war, no
war that would shake the pillars of the Consti-
tution to their deep base, and perhaps bring
down the edifice of liberty forever. If the pres-
ent generation would look back to his example,
his noble principles, and his peerless and ex-
panding patriotism that knew no section, no
paities when the country and its Government
were in peril, and would act a little in the
spirit of the example and counsels of that great
man. it seems to me that the wounds deep, bleed-
ing, and immedicable as they seem to be, of
the country might speedily be healed.
• Mr. SHERMAN. 1 have no desire to delay
the passage of the bill by saying anything on its
merits ; but a statement has been made to me
by a person from Stjuth Carolina bearing a let-
ter from an acquaintance of mine in the House
of Representatives, that I desire to submit to
the Senate for its action. It seems that one
section of this bill, probably the fourth section,
relating to the title to certain lands in South
Carolina, has excited a good deal of attention
in that State. It is known that that State has
no Representative here, no one to speak for the
wiiite people or the Muck people there. The
Governor of SouJi Carolina, under the recon-
structing movement, has written a long letter
