1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3403
1861, he should be entitled to bounty, and not
if a slave. The question arose with the account-
ing officers what should be the proof of the
man's freedom, and tliey have decided that the
only proof they will look to is an entry on the
muster-roll, "free 19th April, 1801." The
Senate propose to let in other proof where that
entry did not appeal-, and the House committee
went further and recommended that it should
be presumed that a man was free on the 19th
April, 1801, unless the contrary appeared from
the muster-roll or from some matter of record;
but in doing that, there were these other words
added, that lie should be presumed to be free
on the 19th of April, 18G1, and at the time of
enlistment. It is proposed to got rid of these
words, " at the time of enlistment," which ren-
der the whole matter contradictory; and the
accounting officers are unwilling to act under
the law passed the other day unless it is that
far modified. Now, the gentleman from Ken-
tucky proposes to go back, under the existing
law, and declare that all shall be treated
alike, both white and colored. That is already
done under the bill passed cqnalizingbouutios.
Under that law, whether a soldier, sailor, or
marine be black or white, he gets the bounty,
and the colored man would get under that law,
if it should bo passed, all that is already pro-
vided for. The gentleman effects nothing by
that part of his amendmentwhich declares what
the law is. We had better leave it for the con-
struction of the courts hereafter. Otherwise
it might introduce a matter of controveisy, and
defeat the measure in the Senate. Meantime
there arc some seven hundred cases suspended
and the men cannot get their bounty because
the accounting otlicers want the law made clear
as to what proof is required.
Mr. MeKEE. If the gentleman will allow
me, 1 will only state that my object in offeiing
the amendment is to clear up all dilliculties.
There are dilliculties, as the gentleman has
stated, and the amendment of the Senate pro-
viding that other evidence may be taken must
give rise to interminable controversies. It is
my opinion that it would simply cut off the
colored soldiers from getting their bounty. I
think that while we are on this bounty ques-
tion we might as well settle the whole contro-
versy. It must be done some day or other, and
we might as well do it now. We ought to put
all men who have gone into the Army and
risked their lives in the cause of the nation
upon the same looting.
The gentleman says that the law equalizing
bounties will give the colored troops the same
bounty as white troops. It will not give the
colored troops who were slaves any bounty at
all; but my amendineutprovides that hereafter
bounties shall bo paid to all men in the Fed-
eral Army, without distinction as to whether at
the time of enlistment they were free or slave.
That will obviate all difficulty, so far as repu-
diating our obligations is concerned. It will
not go far. There are very few men_ in the
border States who were the owners of slaves
who enlisted in the Federal Army, who, under
the law, could prove their loyalty. I believe
that Attorney General Speed rendered a decis-
ion that when a man enlisted in the Federal
Army he was a free inanand entitled to bounty;
and although that decision was repudiated in
the War Department it was a correct one. If
that bo not the law of the land we ought to
make it so to-day. I do not believe that, under
the law as it now stands, or under the law which
we have passed equalizing soldiers' bounties,
those men who were slaves when they enlisted
will ever get one dollar of bounty. For that
reason I want ray amendment adopted.
Mr. SCHENCK. I think the gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] has not adverted
to the language of the bill equalizing the boun-
ties. The provision is that every man wdio has
served as a soldier, sailor, or marine, in the
Army or Navy of the United States, shall have
the benefit of that bill. That embraces every-
thing. If a man gets anything under this
or any other law, it is only so much to be
deducted from what he gets under that law. If
he does not get it under this bill, he gets it
under that bill if it becomes a law.
Now, in reference to this particular clause,
I propose to let it run as a judicial question
rather than to make it a subject of legislation
here. The Senate provided that the accounting
officers, on the point to which the gentleman
has referred, should take other proof. The
House struck that out; and, instead of pro-
viding for the taking of other proof, passed the
act with a provision that if there were no entry
upon the muster-roll, or other matter of record,
to settle the question by evidence, the presump-
tion should be in favor of the freedom of the
enlisted man on |the 19th day of April, 1861.
Now, it might happen that there being no en-
try "free on the l'.'th of April, 1801," a man
who was actually a slave would come forward
and, taking advantage of the presumption of
freedom, would get the bounty ; and afterward,
the man claiming that the colored soldier was
his slave and that ho was a loyal master, might
come forward, and, as a loyal master, make
claim also for bounty. 1 propose that if there
be anything in the law under which the master
can make his claim, to let him have the benefit
of the law, if any fair construction of the law
willgiveitto him. I would leave it to the con-
struction of the Department or of the courts.
1 would take just as much care of the colored
men as the gentleman from Kentucky would do.
This is a question in which the master is con-
cerned as well as the colored man, and every
colored man is taken care of, anyway, by this
amendment. I do not like to refuse to let the
gentleman from Kentucky have a vote upon his
amendment, but I only yielded to hear it read,
and I must insist on the demand for the previous
question.
l'UIVIUXIES OF THE KLOOK.
Mr. WKNTWOIiTH. I rise to a question
of privilege. This morning, when a bill was
pending in which I was interested, persons,
not members of the House, were inside the
doors of the House, without leave, and occu-
pied the scats of members. Out of respect to
those members I did not then make the point;
but now that the bill has passed and every-
thing is over, and no person can consider him-
self personally rebuked by the remarks I make,
I insist that no person shall come upon the
lloor except members of the House, and that
no person shall occupy a member's chair who
is not a member of the House. I am satisfied
that I was defeated this morning by that class
of persons, and I owe it to myself and my
constituents to insist from this time hence-
forth and forever the " lobby" shall not conic
within the doors of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. What is the question
before the House?
Air. WENTWORTII, I rose to a question
of privilege, and 1 shall stand by it.
Mr. STEVliNS. Is this a question of priv-
ilege '/
The SPEAKER. Tt is. It relates to the
enforcement of the rules of the House.
Mr. KASDALb, of Pennsylvania. I think
the members of the House, lobby, as well as
others——
The SPEAKER. The Chair will state that
the gentleman having complained that there
were" persons on the floor who were not en-
titled to admission, lie referred him to the
Doorkeeper. The Doorkeeper, upon the de-
mand of any member, will see that no one is
admitted to "the floor excepting those who are
entitled to admission under the rules oi ike
House.
Mr. WENT WORTH. Now that the bill is
passed, 1 do not make the point with reference
to the past, but to the future.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not think any harm
came of it. There was a gentleman from the
far West sitting next to me, but he went away,
and the seat seemed just as clean as it was
before. [Laughter.]
Mr. WENTW0RTII. I insist that hence-
forth no man shall take a seat upon this floor
who is not entitled to it. Have I that right?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman has, and
the Doorkeeper will enforce the rules of the
House.
BOUNTIES TO COLORED SOLDIERS—AGAIN.
Mr. SCIIENCK. I now insist upon my call
for the previous question.
Mr. McKEE. Is it not in -order to have a
vote on my amendment?
The SPEAKER. It is not, unless the pre-
vious question is not seconded. The gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Schenck] has the floor by the
unanimous consent of the House; he yielded to
allow the proposed amendment of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] to be read,
but stated after hearing it that he could not
yield to allow it to bo offered.
The question was taken upon seconding the
call for the previous question, and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 30, noes 10; no quorum
voting.
Mr. STEVENS. I call for tellers.
Mr. Til AYE B. I move that the House do
now adjourn.
The SPEAKER. The Chair will request the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Thayer]
to withdraw his motion for a few moments, to
enable the Chair to lay before the House some
executive communications.
Mr. THAYER. I will withdraw the motion
for that purpose.
AMERICAN CITIZENS IMPRISONED IN IRELAND.
The SPEAKER laid before the House the
following message from the President of the
United States:
To the Rouse of Representatives:
In answer to the resolution of the House of
Representatives of the 18t,li instant calling for
information in regard to the arrest and impris-
onment in Ireland of American citizens, I trans-
mit, herewith a report of the Secretary of State
on the subject.
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington', D. C., June 22, 1800.
Mr. RANKS. I move that the message
and accompanying documents be printed and
referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
Mr. ELUiURGE. Let the report of the
Secretary of State be read.
Mr. RANKS. I understand that it sets forth
that all the prisoners have been released.
Mr. EEDRIDGE. I understand that such
is not the case in regard to some of them, and
1 want to know what particular ones have not
been released.
Mr. BANKS. It is believed that all have
been released; there is some possible question
in regard to two of them.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I understand that it rests
merely upon belief; I want to know whether
that is so or not; and therefore I call for the
reading of the report of the Secretary of State.
The report of the Secretary of State was read.
After sotting forth the terms of the resolution
of the House, it concludes as follows:
" X subjoin a list of names of alleged citizens of the
Unit od State?, who. according to the information of
this Department, have been arrested in Ireland since
the reeent suspension of i\w huhc-as co>put act in that
country. Pursuant to the instructions of this De-
partment, the United States minister at London and
the consuls of the United (States m Ireland have
made.such representation to tho British authorities
in regard to the eases ot thoso persons that they have
been released, except two who are heldfor trial upon
grounds supposed to ho sufficient hy thcjudieial «iu-
tboritics. It i< lielived, however, that inconsetiucneo
of the aforesaid representations oven tho two per-
sons referred to, one of whom is a Colonel Imrke,
have been sot at liberty before the ptesent time."
The motion of Mr. Banks was then agreed to.
EXPENDITURES OF INDIAN BUREAU.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
tho following message from the-President of
the United States:
To the Ilonse of Representatives :
I transmit herewith a report from the Sec-
retary of the Interior, communicating in part
the information lequested by the resolution of
the House of Representatives of the 23d of
April last, in relation to the appropriations
