1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
148!
Mr; Graham, that the committee at all of its
sessions would be ready and willing to allow
him to be present before the committee, to hear
the evidence that might be taken, to cross-ex-
amine the witnesses, and to suggest, to a rea-
sonable extent, any countervailing proof that
he might see fit to produce before the commit-
tee. How else can a committee proceed judi-
cially? Does a court or a quasi court proceed
to hear charges and proof against any individ-
ual, leaving that individual in utter ignorance
both of the charges and proof, at a distant point
from the scene of investigation, and never ap-
prise him at all that the investigation was pro-
ceeding, much less authorize him to be present,
and to take such part in it as every person who
is a party to a judicial investigation or a quasi
judicial investigation by universal usage and
by common right is entitled to take in it? I
make this as a mere suggestion, without any
reflection upon the honorable Senator from
Maine. I suppose that he read this reply of
Mr. Graham to the committee. If he did, it
seems to me the committee ought to have at
once entered upon the journal of its proceed-
ings an order that Mr. Graham be informed that
the committee will always be ready to permit
him to be present when it. is proceeding in the
case of North Carolina, to hear and to cross-
examine all witnesses involving the State of
North Carolina and his own personal privilege
and rights as a Senator from that State, and
also to cause to bo brought before it any wit-
nesses that he, to a reasonable extent, might
desire to bring before it. But Mr. Graham, as
I understand, received no reply from any source
whatever to this letter rejoining to the answer
of the Senator from Maine. AU that he knows
in relation to the inalter he learns from the
public prints and from the publication of testi-
mony taken by that committee and which the
Senate ordered to be published.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Friday.
Mr. DAVIS. It will take me but a minute
to conclude on this subject, and I do not desire
to trouble the Senate again upon it.
The PltESTDEN f pro tempore. The Sen-
ator can proceed by common conscnt only. Is
there any objection to the Senator from Ken-
tucky proceeding?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection if
the unfinished business will not thereby lose
its place on the Calendar.
Mr. SUMNER. What is it?
Mr. DOO LITTLE. It is the bill which was
taken up at the close of the session on Friday
providing for an annual inspection into Indian
affairs. I desire to dispose of that bill to-day.
I presume it will not take over half an hour to
pass it.
Mr. CONNESS. The introduction of bills
and joint resolutions has not been reached yet
in the morning hour. It is very evident this
question is pretty well understood now.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Let the Senator from
Kentucky finish his remarks.
Mr. CONNESS. Well, I hope he will not
consume much time on us this morning.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Kentucky will proceed, no objection
being interposed.
Mr. DAVIS. I have already said T would
not occupy much time. I was remarking that
Mr Graham had received no letter and no re-
sponse to the suggestions that he made in his
letter of- rejoinder to the honorable Senator
from Maine. After what took place in the
Senate a few days ago Mr. Graham published
the correspondence and a very short comment
upon it. which I will read and then take my
seat. He says:
"The debate in the Senate on yesterday, upon the
orilsr to print ten thousand copies of the report of the
joint committee on reconstruction, detailing tlieevi-
dence taken before that committee as J^o the condi-
tion ot political sentiment in thesever&ibtatesot the
South, and their fitness for representation m ton -
pre^, in which allusion was made to the course pur-
.sued by the committee in reference tp the btate ot
North Carolina, and on application submitted by me
that her members-elect should be permitted to hear
what might be alleged to her prejudice, and, if they
deemed it proper, to cross-examine the witnesses
against her, if any, and to adduce other testimony,
renders it necessary that I ask of you the favor to
publish the following correspondence. It was insti-
tuted solely for the attainment of truth, andthereby,
as I trusted, to protect the character and rights of the
State and people 1 was deputed in part to represent.
The Present of the Senate, at my request, had done
me the honor to present my commission as a Senator-
elect. Though it was laid on the table in conformity
to precedents in other cases, and I was not admitted
to the exercise of tho functions it contemplated, it
still, in my conception, devolved on mo the duty, in
conjunction with my respected colleagues elected to
both Houses, to observe the proceedings of the public
authorities, and when occasion might seem to invite
or justify it, to intervene for explanation, so far as it
mightbe allowed, in defense oftheinterest and honor
of our State and the fair fame of her people, Seeing
that an order to authorize the committee to send for
persons and papers had passed the Sonate, on motion
of its chairman in that body, [Mr. Fessexben, of
Maine,] a proceeding understood to imply that evi-
dence is to be taken, and a searching and thorough
investigation to beliad, 1 applied tor leave tobeprcs-
ent at the examinations pertaining to tho State of
North Carolina, as will be seen in the letters follow-
ing."
Then followed the letters, and hero is a sin-
gle word of comment upon them. He says:
"To prevent misconception, I esteem it proper to
remark that in giving these letters to the public, no
reflection is intended on tho motives of tho commit-
tee, much less on those of its honorable chairman in
tho Senate, a gentleman with whom, through a per-
sonal acquaintance of many years, I have ever main-
tain nil the kindest and most respectful personal rela-
tions. But it is obvious that, from inadvertence, or
a different view.of tho subject on the part of thecoiu-
mitteo, or from misapprehension on my part, I have
been disappointed in the expectation of being allowed
to hear wliatwasimputcd to my State asdemcrit., and
of counteiacting it, if X could—a mistake from which
some injustice has resulted. My inference, from the
correspondence, certainly was that the committee,
when they should reach the matters touching North
Carolina, would notify us of tho points on which evi-
dence was desired, and would afford an opportunity
to apply to adverse testimony the ordinary tests of
truth, as wolf as of combatting it, if in our judgment
I roperto be done, by witnesses called by ourselves.
" I was therefore surprised, a few days since, to learn
that the committee had made report ot tb e_ evidence
taken by them, and obtained an order for its publi-
cation—a proceeding which, in a legislative body, as
in a court of chancery, I presume, implies that all
the evidence has been taken that it is designed to re-
ceive. This inference is continued by the application
for and adoption of the additional order to print ten
thousand extra copies. It imports that the ease, as
to tile facts, is fully made up, and that upon tnese it
is to be submitted to the judgment of the two Houses
of Congress, and the still higher arbitrament of pub-
lic opinion. Now, I most respectfully protest that
if, upon anything contained in all ihis evidence, the
people ot the State of North Carolina shall be con-
demned, or kept in a state ot condemnation, it will
be a condemnation without a hearing when she was
entitled to bo heard.
"Of all the testimony received by the committee,
there is not a single affidavit having any specificpref-
erence to her; and there is rootn for hope that, from
the absence of other evidence, she was not considered
involved m any great degree of demerit or crimi-
nality, and it was not deemed necessary to prosecute
tho investigation any further on that account. But
it cannot escape observation, that in a State of a mil-
lion inhabitants, the only witness called to speak of
tier condition, tho sentiments and ruling motives of
her people, should be Lieutenant Colonel Dexter II.
Olapp, from one of the eastern States, an officer of the
Frccdmcn's Bureau at Raleigh, who .-.tates that he is
conversant with the people m some twenty counties
out of eighty-seven—a sojourner filling an office for
which there will bo no necessity in a short time to
come, unless upon the theory that tho government of
the State will not do justice to its negro population
in their new condition of freedom.
" I do not design to impeach the integrity of this
gentleman, lie is spoken of in terms of high respect
by persons of our common acquaintance. It has so
happened that I have not met him. But surely his
opinions, loosely expressed, as they are in his atfida-
vit—and nothing more fully illustrates the impor-
tance of cross-examination than the want of precision
in the language of his statement—formed by inter-
course, as ho admits, among less than one fourth of
tho people of the State; his vague statement of a de-
sign to repudiate the rebel debt, (what is meant by
this I do not comprehend;) liis sweeping assertion
that' Union men and freedmon stand a poor chance
fo justice in the State courts,' (an aspersion upon the
judicial officers of tho State recently chosen by a Le-
gislature elected under tho restricted systom of suf-
frage ordained hv the proclamations of the President
and pro visional governor, as well as an injustice to the
general sentiment of thepeople,) are all too indefinite
and unsupported to serve as the foundation for any
action or course of policy on the part of the bovern-
ment toward the people of an entire btate. Had 1
been to foi lunate as to have had the attention ot the
committee, even after this .affidavit was taken, I think
I could at once have more than neutralized all the
disparaging testimony oi Colonel Olapp, by request-
ing that there might be summoned another officer oi
the Freedmen's Bureau, some time on duty at Xay-
etteville. North Carolina, who had ectual opportuni-
ties of obbervauoii, and Ijudge as much capacity tor
improving them. This is Major Lawrence, of Illi-
nois, (I am told a brother of the chief justice of that
State,) whose letter recently published on these to-
pics X hope to append to these remarks, as well as the
statement of Colonel Clapp.
" I had no design or wish to be examined as a wit-
ness myself. I should have considered myself rather
as occupying tho place of counsel or advocate of the
State. And if the committee had intimated a wish
for such information, would have takon pleasure in
furnishing them the address of gentlemen in every
section of the State whoso acquaintance, whose in-
tegrity, whose intelligence, whose loyalty, and inter-
ests, and identification with the country qualified
them to speak of the condition of affairs and the state
of feeling and opinion towards the Government of
the United States with full knowledge; men whoso
ambition has been chastened by the fires of adversity,
whose afflictions and sacrifices would satiate a gen-
erous foe, whose desire is to reestablish the constitu-
tional relations of nil the States with the Federal
Union, and, as preparatory to this, to disarm the spirit
of revenge and the remorseless passions engendered
in a great revolution, which, by reason of its want of
success, many are unable to distinguish from a petty
rebellion.
"And before Congress and thepeople, to which this
evidence is submitted for their verdict and judgment,
I respectfully claim that the State of which X am a
citizen and a servant is not to be affected injuriously
by any evidence received by this committee. Sho has
in good faith submitted herself to all the requirements
in that scheme of policy prescribed by the President
from the Potomac to the Itio Grande; is obedient to
every law of the Union; is with heavy sacrifices pay-
ing the arrearages of taxes of former years to the
United States as well,as present levies, and not arro-
gantly, but«confidently, appeals to that sense of jus-
tice and those remembrances of ancient friendships
which shall restore to her the full fruition of her rights
as a State of the American Union.
"W.A.GRAHAM.
"Ebbitt House, Washington, March 16,1866."
" The following, referred to above, is from the ab-
stract of the testimony taken by the reconstruction
committee, as published in the newspapers:
" 4 Lieutenant Colonel Dexter II. Clapp, on duty for
the XVeedmen's Bureau in North Carolina, testifies
that he hadknowlcdge of twenty counties. The seces-
sionists had no inclination to oppose theGovernment
by open war any further, but he thought they have
no more love for the Government now than they had
at any time during the rebellion, and only submit to
it as a necessity. The most sensible of them intend
to make the best they can of it. He heard regrets
expressed of the results of the fight among a large
portion of the citizens. There is a great desire to get
back fully into the Union. lie was well batisfied that
it isnow their intention,.when they get back, to unite
with whatever parties at the North they can to repu-
diate the rebel debt. He could not say there was a
settled conspiracy for the purpose, but it was a sort
of common understanding—an expected thing. Some
of the most sensible and shrewdest men in the State
told him so. Frcedmen andUnion men do notstand
much chance for justice in tho State courts. He
thought the secessionists of North Carolina would
adopt any course giving them anyrcasonablchopeof
obtaining their independence, but he thought they
had no idea of fighting. He believed a large portion
of them would join the common enemy if they thought
there was any reasonable prospect of success; but he
was clear in tho idea they would not fight the North
any more, as they are now satisfied with the experi-
ment.' "
Appended to this is an extract of a letter from
Major Henry C. Lawrence,acting quartermaster
and agent of the Freedmen's Bureau, at Fay-
etteviilc. North Carolina, and as it is very short
l will read it:
" Fayeitevillk, Noetii Carolina,
" February 14,1866.
" I confess I am tired out and half worn out with the
annoyances of my position, and need rest; and am
so far from having any sympathy with the views taat
seem to prevail in Congress, that I am unwilling to
be even an humble instrument in aiding to carry
them out. While there was, andcouldbe, no law but
military law, or ratner authority, the bureau wasa
necessity to &ome extent. But to continue it after tho
States shall have given the blacks their civil rights
seems to be the very reverse ot sound policy, consid-
ered simply with reference to that. It will engender
hatred toward the blacks on the part of the whites,
as a favored class to whom extra legal protection is
given by the Federal Government—hatred toward
the Government itself, which, by this ss'stcm, pro-
nounces the people regardless of justice, and brands
courts and bar and juries, in advance, as ready per-
jurors. It substitutes for men learned m law, and
boon to administer it, for tiial by jury and right ot
appeal the decision of menwho, m many cases, it not
most, will know nothing of law; who will often bo
prejudiced, and some, judging from tho pas t, will be
corrupt. It will incite in the blacks, to some extent,
a sense of independence of the local laws; sanction
their distrust of them, the courts, and.people andcer-
tainly cannot tend to educate them m the duties of
citizens."
Mr. CHANDLER. I call the Senator from
Kentucky to order. There is no question be-
fore the Senate.
Mr. DAVIS. I have just had permission of
the Senate to read this document. I have but
I a sctilenee or two more to read.
