1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Message of the President.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
era and southwestern./ Such an act would
have created a new class of voters, and would
have been an assumption of power by the
President which nothing in the Constitution or
laws of the United States would have war-
ranted.
On the other hand, every danger of conflict
is avoided when the settlement of the question
is referred to the several States. They can,
each for itself, decide on the measure, and
whether it is to be adopted at once and abso-
lutely, or introduced gradually and with con-
ditions. In my judgment, the freedmen, if
they show patience and manly virtues, will
sooner obtain a participation in the elective
franchise through the States than through the
General Government, even if it had power to
intervene. When the tumult of emotions that
have been raised by the suddenness of the
social change shall have subsided, it may prove
that they will receive the kindliest usage from
some of those on whom they have heretofore
most closely depended.
But while I have no doubt that now, after the
close of the war, it is not competent for the
General Government to extend the elective
franchise in the several States, it is equally clear
that good faith requires the security of the freed-
men in their "liberty and their property, their
right to labor, and tileir right to claim the just
return of their labor. I cannot too strongly
urge a dispassionate treatment of this subject,
which should be carefully kept aloof from all
party strife. We must equally avoid hasty as-
sumptions of any natural impossibility for the
two races to live side by side, in a state of mutual
benefit and good-will. The experiment involves
us in no inconsistency. Let us, then, go on and
make that experiment in good faith, and not be
too easily disheartened. The country is in need
of labor, and the freedmen are in need of em-
ployment, culture, and protection. "While their
right of voluntary migration and expatriation
is not to be questioned, I would not advise their
forced removal and colonization. Let us rather
encourage them to honorable and useful indus-
try where it may be beneficial to themselves and
to the country; and, instead of hasty anticipa-
tions of the certainty of failure, let there be
nothing wanting to the fair trial of the experi-
ment. The change in their condition is the
substitution of labor by contract for the status
of slavery. The frecdman cannot fairly be ac-
cused of unwillingness to work, so long as a
doubt remains about his freedom of choice in
l\ia pursuits, and the certainty of his recovering
liit= stipulated wages. In this the interests of
the employer and the employed"coincide. The
employer desires in his workmen spirit and
alacrity, and the=e can be permanently secured
in no other way. And if the one ought to be
able to enforce the contract, so ought the other.
The public interest will be best promoted, if
the several States will provide adequate pro-
tection and remedies for the freedmen. Until
this is in some way accomplished, there is no
chance for the advantageous use of their labor;
and the blame of ill-success will not rest on
them.
L know that sincere philanthrojiy is earnest
for the immediate realization of its remotest
aims; but time is always an element in reform.
It is one of the greatest acts 011 record to have
brought four million people into freedom. The
career of free industry must be fairly opened
to them ; and then their future prosperity and
condition must, after all, rest mainly on them-
sel\ es. If they fail, and so perish away, let us
be careful that the failure shall not be attribu-
table to any denial of justice. In all that re-
lates to the destiny of the freedmen, we need
not be too anxious to read the future; many
incidents which, from a speculative point of
view, might raise alarm, will quietly settle them-
selves.
Now that slavery is at an end or near its end,
the greatness of its evil, in the point of view of
public economy, becomes more and more ap-
parent. Slavery was essentially a monopoly of
labor, and as such locked the States where it
prevailed against the incoming of free industry.
Where labor was the property of the capitalist,
the white man was excluded from employment,
or had but the second best chance of finding it;
and the foreign emigrant turned away from the
region where his condition would be so preca-
rious. With the destruction of the monopoly,
free labor will hasten from all parts of the civil-
ized world to assist in developing various and
immeasurable resources which have hitherto lain
dormant. The eight or nine States nearest the
Gulf of Mexico have a soil of exuberant fertility,
a climate friendly to long life, and can sustain a
denser population than is found as yet in any
part of our country. And the future influx of
population to them will be mainly from the
North, or from the most cultivated nations in
Europe. From the sufferings that have attended
them during our late struggle, let us look away
to the future, which is sure to be laden for them
with greater prosperity than has ever before boon
known. The removal of the monopoly of slave
labor is a pledge that those regions will be peo-
pled by anumerous and enterprising population,
which will vie with any in the Union in com-
pactness, inventive genius,wealth, and industry.
Our Government springs from and was made
for the people—not the people for the Govern-
ment. To them it owes allegiance ; from them
it must derive its courage, strength, and wis-
dom. But, while the Government is thus bound
to defer to the people, from whom it derives its
existence, it should, from the very considera-
tion of its origin, be strong in its power of re-
sistance to the establishment of inequalities.
Monopolies, perpetuities, and class legislation,
are contrary to the genius of free government,
and ought not to bo allowed. Here, there is no
room for favored classes or monopolies ; the
principle of our Government is that of equal
laws and freedom of industry. Wherever mo-
nopoly attains a foothold, it is sure to bo a
source of danger, discord, and trouble. We
shall but fulfill our duties as legislators by ac-
cording " equal and exact justice to all men/'
special privileges to none. The Government
is subordinate to the people ; but, as the agent
and representative of the people, it must be
held superior to monopolies, which, in them-
selves, ought never to be granted, and which,
where they exist, must be subordinate and yield
to the Government.
The Constitution confers on Congress the
right to regulate commerce among the several
States. It is of the first necessity, for the main-
tenance of the Union, that that commerce
should be free and unobstructed. No State
can be justified in any device f 0 tax the transit
of travel and commerce between States. The
position of many States is such that, if they
were allowed to take advantage of it for pur-
poses of local revenue, the commerce between
States might be injuriously buideiied, or even
virtually prohibited. It is 1 >est, while the coun-
try is still young, and while the tendency to
dangerous monopolies of this kind is still fee-
ble, to use the power of Congress so as to pre-
vent any selfish impediment to the free circula-
tion of men and merchandise. A tax 011 travel
and merchandise, in their transit, constitutes
one of the wor&t forms of monopoly, and the
evil is increased if coupled with a denial of the
choice of route. When the vast extent of our
country is considered, it is plain that every ob-
stacle to the free circulation of commerce be-
tween the Stages ought to be sternly guarded
against by appropriate legislation, within the
limits of the Constitution.
The report of the Secretary of the Interior
explains the condition of the public lands, the
transactions of the Patent Oifiee and the Pen-
sion Bureau, the management of our Indian af
fairs, the progress made in the construction of
the Pacific railroad, and furnishes information
in reference to matters of local interest in the
Districtof Columbia. Italsopresentsevidence
of the successful operation of the homestead
act, under the provisions of which I, inO.^iJS
acres of_the public lands were cnteial during
the last fiscal year—more than one fourth of the
whole number of acres sold or otherwise dis-
posed of during that period. It is estimated
that the receipts derived from this source ate
sufficient to cover the expenses incident to the
survey and disposal of the lands entered under
this act, and that payments in cash to the ox-
tent of from forty to fifty per cent, will be made
by settlors, who may thus at any time acijuire
title before the expiration of the period at which
it would otherwise vest. The homestead pol-
icy^ was established only after long and earnest
resistance; experience piovcsits wisdom. The
lands, in the hands of industrious t-etth-is, whose
labor creates wealth and contributes to the pub-
lic resources, are worth more to the United
States than if they had been reserved as a soli-
tude for future purchasers.
The lamentable events of the last four years,
and the sacrifices made by the gallant men of
our Army and Navy, have swelled the records
of the Pension Bureau to an unprecedented
extent. On the 30th day of Juno last, the total
number of pensioners was 85,080, requiring for
their annual pay, exclusive of expenses, the
sum of S8,023,445. The number of applica-
tions that have been allowed since that date
will require a large increase of this amount for
the next liscal year. The means for the pay-
ment of the stipends due, under existing law's,
to our disabled soldiers and sailors, and to the
families of such as have perished in the service
of the country, will no doubt be cheerfully and
promptly granted. A grateful people wiil not
hesitate to sanction any measures having for
their objcct the relief of soldiers mutilated and
families made fatherless in the efforts to pre-
serve our national existence.
Tire report of the Postmaster General pre-
sents an encouraging exhibit of the operations
of the Post Office Department during the year.
The revenues of the past year from the loyal
Slates alone exceeded the maximum annual re-
ceipts from all the States previous to the rebel-
lion, in the sum of $0,0:38,001; and the annual
average increase of revenue during the last four
years, compared with the revenues of the four
years immediately preceding the rebellion, was
$3,533,815. The revenues of the last fiscal
year amounted to $14,550,158, and tlife expend-
itures to $13,094,728, leaving a surplus of re-
ceipts over expenditures of $801,430. Progress
lias been made in restoring the postal "ervice
m the southern States. The views presented
by the Postmaster General against the policy
of granting subsidies to ocean mail steamship
lines upon established routes, mid in favor of
continuing the presents} stern, which limits the
compensation for ocean seivice to the postage
earnings, arc recommended to the careful con-
sideration of Congress.
It appears, from the ref>ort of the Secretary
of the Navy, that while, at the commencement
of the present year, there were in commis-
sion 530 vessels of all elas-esand descriptions,
armed with 3,000 guns and manned by 51,000
men, the number of vessels at present in com-
mission is 117, with i;,50 guns and 12.128
men. By this prompt, reduction of the naval
forces the expenses of the Government, have
been largely diminished, and a number of ves-
sels, purchased for naval purposes from the
merchant marine, have been returned to the
peaceful pursuits of commerce. Since the
suppression of activc hostilities our foreign
squadrons have been reestablished, and con-
sist of vessels much more efficient than those
employed on similar service previous to the
rebellion. The suggestion for the enlargement
of the navy-yards, and especially for the estab-
lishment. of one in fresh water for iron-clad
vessels, is deserving of consideration, as is
also the recommendation for a different loca-
tion and more ample grounds for the Naval
Academy.
