4
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Message of the President.
39th C(xnt«....1st Sess.
In the report of the Secretary of, War, a gen-
era] summary is given of the military campaigns j
of 1864 and 1865, ending in the suppression of
armed resistance to the national authority in
the insurgent States. The operations_of the
general administrative bureaus of the War De-
partment during the past year are detailed, and
an estimate made of the appropriations that will
be required for military purposes in the fiscal
year commencing llie 1st day of July, 18(56.
The national military force on the 1st of Hay,
1805, numbered 1,000,510 men. It is proposed
to reduce the military establishment to a peace
footing, comprehending fifty thousand troops
of all arms, organized so as to admit of an en-
largement by tilling up the ranks to eighty-two
thousand six hundred, if the circumstances of
the country should require an augmentation of
the Army. The volunteer force has already
been reduced by the discharge front service ot
over eight hundred thousand troops, and the
Department is proceeding rapidly in the work
of further reduction. The war estimates are
reduced from $510,240,181 to §33,811,401;
which amount, in the opinion of the Depart-
ment, is adequate for a peace establishment.
The measures of retrenchment in each bureau
and branch of the service exhibit a diligent
economy worthy of commendation. Reference
is also made in the report to the necessity of
providing for a uniform militia system, and to
the propriety of making suitable provision for
wounded and disabled officers and soldiers.
The revenue system of the country is a sub-
ject of vital interest, to its honor and prosperity,
and should command the earnest consideration
of Congress. The Secretary of the Treasury
will lay before you a full and detailed report of
the receipts and disbursements of the last fiscal
year, of the first quarter of the present fiscal
year, of the probable receipts and expenditures
for the other three quarters, and the estimates
for (he year following the ;>0th of Jnne, 186(5.
I might content myself with a reference to that
report, in which you will find all the informa-
tion required for your deliberations and decis-
ion, but the paramount importance ofthe subject
so presses itself on my own mind, that f cannot
but lay before you my views of the measures
which are required for the good character, and,
I might almost say, for the existence of this
people. The life of a republic lies certainly in
the energy, virtue, and intelligence of its citi-
zens ; but it is equally true that a good revenue
system is the life of an organized Government.
I meet you at a time when the nation has volun-
tarily burdened itself with a debt unprecedented
in our annals. Vast as is its amount, it fades
away into nothing when compared with the
countless blessings that will bo conferred upon
our country and upon man by the preservation of
the nation's life. Now, on the first occasion of
the meeting of Congress since the return of peace,
it is ofthe utmost importance to inaugurate njust
policy, which shall at once be jnit, in motion,
and which shall commend itself to those who
come after us for its continuance. We must
aim at nothing less than the complete efl'aee-
ment- ofthe financial evils that necessarily fol-
lowed a state of civil war. We must endeavor
to apply the earliest remedy to the deranged
state of the currency, and not shrink from de-
vising a policy which, without being oppressive
to the people, shall immediately begin to effect
a reduction of the debt, and, if persisted in,
discharge it fully within a definitely fixed num-
ber of years.
It is our first duty to prepare in earnest for
our recovery from the ever-increasing evils of
an irredeemable currency, without a sudden
revulsion, and yet without untimely procrasti-
nation. For that end, we must, each in our
respective positions, prepare the way. I hold
it the duty of the Executive to insist upon fru-'
galityin the expenditures; and a sparing econ-
omy is itself a great national resource. Of the
banks to which authority has been given to is-
sue notes secured by bonds of the United States,
we may require the greatest moderation and
prudence, and the law must be rigidly enforced
when its limits are exceeded. We may, each
one of us, counsel our active and enterprising
countrymen to be constantly on their guard, to
liquidate debts contracted in a paper currency,
and, by conducting business as nearly as pos-
sible on a system of cash payments or short
credits, to hold themselves prepared to return
to the standard of gold and silver. To aid our
fellow-citizens in the prudent management of
their monetary affairs, the duty devolves on us
to diminish by law the amount of paper money
now in circulation. Five years ago the bank-
note circulation of the country amounted to not
much more than two hundred millions ; now
the circulation, bank and national, exceeds
seven hundred millions. The simple state-
ment of the fact recommends, more strongly
than any words of mine could do, the necessity
of our restraining this expansion. The gradual
reduction of the currency is the only measure
that can save the business of the country from
disastrous calamities ; and this can bo almost
imperceptibly accomplished by gradually fund-
ing the national circulation in securities that
maybe made redeemable at the pleasure of the
Government.
Our debt is doubly secure—first in the actual
wealth and still greater undeveloped resources
of the country; and next in the character of
our institutions. The most intelligent observ-
ers among political economists have not failed
to remark, that the public debt of a country is
safe in proportion as its people are free ; that
the debt, of a republic is the safest of all. Our
history confirms and establishes the theory,
and is, I firmly believe, destined to give it a
still more signal illustration. The secret of
this superiority springs not merely from the fact
that in a republic the national obligations are
distributed more widely through countless num-
bers in all classes of society; it has its root in
the character of our laws. Here all men con-
tribute to the public welfare, and bear their
fair share of the public burdens. During the
war, under the impulses of patriotism, the men
of the great body of the people, without re-
gard to their own comparative want of wealth,
thronged to our armies and filled our fleets of
war, and held themselves ready to offer their
lives for the public good. Now, in their turn,
the property and income of the country should
bear their ,iust proportion of the burden of tax-
ation, while in our impost system, through
means of which increased vitality is incident-
ally imparted to all the industrial interests of
the nation, the duties should be so adjusted as
to fall most,heavily on articles of luxury, leaving
the necessaries of life as free from taxation as
the absolute wants ofthe Government, econom-
ically administered, will justify. No favored
class should demand freedom from assessment,
and the taxes should be so distributed as not to
fall unduly on the poor, but rather on the ac-
cumulated wealth of the country. We should
look at the national debt just as it is—not as a
national blessing, but as a heavy burden on the
industry of the country, to be discharged with-
out unnecessary delay.
It is estimated by the Secretary of the Treas-
ury that the expenditures for the fiscal year
ending the 00th June, 1866, will excecd the
receipts $112,194,947.' It is gratifying, how-
ever, to state that it is also estimated that the
revenue for the year ending the 30th of June,
1867, will excecd the expenditures in the sum
of $111,(582,818. This amount, or so much as
may be deemed sufficient for the purpose, may
be applied to the reduction of the public debt,
which, on the 31st day of October, 1805, was
§2,740,854, TOO. Every reduction will diminish
the total amount of interest to be paid, and so
enlarge the means of still further reductions,
until the whole shall be liquidated; and this,
as will be seen from the estimates of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury, may be accomplished by
annual payments even within a period not ex-
ceeding thirty years. I have faith that we shall
do all this within a reasonable time: that, as we
have amazed the world by the suppression of a
civil war which was thought, to be beyond the
control of any Government, so we shall equally
show the superiority of our institutions by the
prompt and faithful discharge of our national
obligations.
The Department of Agriculture, under its
present direction, is accomplishing much in
developing and utilizing the vast agricultural
capabilities of the country; and for informa-
tion respecting the details of its management,
reference is made to the annual report of the
Commissioner.
1 have dwelt thus fully on our domestic affairs
because of their transcendent importance.
Under any circumstances, our great extent of
territory and variety of climate, producing al-
most everything that is necessary for the wants,
and even the comforts of man, make us singu-
larly independent ofthe varying policy of foreign
Powers, and protect us against every temptation
to "entangling alliances," while at the present
moment the reestablishment of harmony, and
the strength that comes from harmony, will be
our best security against "nations who feel
power and forgot right." For myself, it has
been and it will bo my constant aim to promote
peace and amity with all foreign nations and
Powers; and I have every reason to believe that
they all, without exception, are animated by the
same disposition. Our relations with the Em-
peror of China, so recent in ttPeir origin, are
most friendly. Our commerce with his domin-
ions is receiving now developments; and it is
very pleasing to find that the Government of that
great empire manifests satisfaction with our
policy, and reposes just confidence in the fair-
ness which marks our intercourse. The un-
broken harmony between the United States and
the Emperor of Russia is receiving i. new sup-
port from an enterprise designed to carry tele-,
graphic lines across the continent, of Asia,
through his dominions, and so to connect us
with all Europe by a new channel of interco arse.
Our commerce with South America is about, to
receive encouragement by a direct line of mail
steamships to the rising empire of Brazil. The
distinguished party of men of science who have
recently left our country to make a scientific
exploi ation of the natural history and rivers and
mountain ranges of that region, have received
from the Emperor that generous welcome which
was to have been expected from his constant
friendship for the United States, and his well-
known zeal in promoting the advancement of
knowledge. A hope is entertained that our
commerce with the rich and populous countries
that border the Mediterranean sea may belargely
increased. Nothingwill be wanting, on the part
of this Government, to extend the protection of
our flag over the enterprise of our fellow-citi-
zens. We receive from the Powers in that re-
gion assurances of good-will; and it is worthy
of note that a special envoy has brought us
messages of condolence on the death of our late
Chief Magistrate from the Bey of Tunis, whose
rule includes the old dominions of Carthage, on
the African coast.
Our domestic contest, now happily ended, has
left some traces in our relations with one at least
of the great maritime Powers. The formal ac-
cordance of belligerent rights to the insuigent
States was unprecedented, and has not been
justified by the issue. But in the systems of
neutrality pursued by the Powers which made
that concession, there was a marked difference.
The materials of war for the insurgent States
were furnished, in a great measure, from the
workshops of Great Britain; and British ships,
manned by British subjects, and prepared for
receiving British armaments, sallied from the
ports of Great Britain to make war on Ameri-
can commerce, under the shelter of a commis-
sion from the insurgent States. These ships,
having once escaped from British ports, ever
afterward entered them in every part of the
