1484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
Mr. FESSBNDEN. ' The Senator asked per-
mission to read Mr. Graham's communication,
but I believe he has been for some time read-
ing the editorial of the Intelligencer.
Mr. DAVIS. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Are you reading Mr.
Graham's communication now?
Mr. DAVIS. I am reading the statement
of Major Lawrence, which Mr. Graham ap-
pends as a part of his communication, and I
nave' but a sentence of it to read.
Mr. PESSENDEN. Very well; I thought
it was something else.
Mr, DAVIS. This letter continues:
Instead of allaying, it will beget, jealousy and ill
will between the races to a greater degree than now
exists, and finally produoe the very evils it is in-
tended to guard against. And how such.a system can
be exercised, except as a temporary military neces-
sity in a conquered country, I cannot conceive. It is
liable to ail our old objections to the 'fugitive slave
law,' and, unlike that, will be an ever-present, ever-
acting evil: and its provisions are very incomplete
for the end proposed, unless it is assumed that mili-
tary authority is to remain paramount. Eor instance,
I can fine a man fifty dollars and imprison himthirty
days; but in ease of murder of a black, the d istriet or
department military commander must order trial by
court-martial. Upon conviction the ease may, of
course, go to the Secretary of War for review. Such a
trial is in progress now in Raleigh. If this system is
to be retained after the States shall be reconstructed
—Whatever that may be—and if this is republicanism
or self-government, I shall despair of ever being able
to comprehend the firstprinciplcs of political science.
But if a State should establish such a judicial sys-
tem, I think the Federal Government might well be
called upon to enforce its guarantee of republican
government to the people of that State. I think it
would bo a less outrage upon the principles of self-
§overnmeiH and upon the Constitution to treat the
outh as conquered territory, and govern it by our
territorial system, than to do what is proposed to bo
done; and in that case Mr. Sumner might secure ju-
ries composed equally of white and black men. I felt
ashamed for myself as an American and for my Gov-
ernment when a few days ago, Judge Iiuxton, of the
supreme court of this State, called at my office to in-
quirers to the extent of the jurisdiction bo would be
permitted to exercise in atermhewas about to hold."
I rest the case upon this.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not wish to make
any further explanation. I will say, however,
that if Mr. Graham really desires to introduce
testimony, instead of merely wishing to make
a point on the committee or Congress in re-
lation to the matter, the testimony will soon
be published and he can read it and see what
testimony he may desire to introduce, and I
Eresume there will be no sort of objection to
is doing it. I am content to leave the matter
as I have explained it. I understand from gen-
tlemen around me that it has never been the
practice, except where the investigation related
particularly to individuals, to permit a counsel to
be present in a committee when a deposition is
taken or a witness examined, and to cross-ex-
amine the witness. The committee is content
with its action, and I am willing to leave the
matter whore it stands.
Mr. DO0LITTLE. Now, sir, I call up the
unfinished business of Friday.
_ The PliBS l DENT pro tempore. The Senate
bill No. 204 is before the Senate.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope time will be given
to go through the ordinary routine of the morn-
ing business, the introduction of resolutions
and bills, before we enter on the special order.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the special order
will not lose its place on the Calendar, I have
no objection to the introduction of bills and
resolutions.
Mr. CONNESS. I think the morning busi-
ness has preference.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of Friday can be laid aside
by common consent, if that be the will of the
Senate. The Gliair hears no objection.
BILLS INTRODUCED. .
Mr. CONNESS. I ask the unanimous con-
sent of the Senate to introduce a bill without
previous notice, and I wish to say, in presenting
it, that it is a correction of a bill introduced a
week ago on a subjcct of great consequence to
the people of my State. I desire to have it
read a_ first and second time, referred to the
Committee on Public Lands, and printed.
There being no objection, leave was granted
to introduce a bill (S. No. 206) to quiet land
titles in California; which was read twice by
its title, referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, and ordered to be printed.
Mr. MORBILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 208) to protect American citizens engaged
in lumbering on the St. Croix river, in the State
of Maine; which was read twice by it^itle, and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
207) to provide for the equalization of the boun-
ties to soldiers in the late war of rebellion;
which was read twice by its title.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the bill be re-
ferred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and printed.
Mr. CONNESS. It occurs to me—I only
throw out the suggestion at this time—that that
bill, at least before it be considered by the
Senate, should be referred to the Committee, on
Finance. If I understand it, it is a bill that
contemplates more expenditure from the na-
tional Treasury than any that has been or will
be presented to this body during this session.
If the understanding is that it shall go to the
Committee on Military Affairs, from the chair-
man of which it now comes, be considered by
them, and then subsequently referred to the
Committee on Finance, of course I have no
objection to that; but it appears to me to be a
question of finance and appropriation rather
than a question for the Committee on Military
Affairs. It does not provide for making war;
it does not provide for organizing the means of
war ; it is not intended as a measure of public
defense ; but it is a bill for the equalization of
bounties, that is, for additional appropriations
of the puhlic funds in some shape to persons
who have served in the armies of the United
States. Because the beneficiaries wore soldiers
does not necessarily make it a legitimate subject
of consideration for the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. WILSON. I will simply say that there
has been a great number of petitions presented
on this subject, and the Senate has for three
months passed referred those petitions to the
Committee on Military Affairs; but I am not
at all particular about the question of reference.
Those petitions, as I supposed, were referred
to the Millitary Committee for the consideration
of that committee. If the Senator desires to
refer the subject to any other committee I am
perfectly willing to agree to it, and we will re-
port back the petitions we have on the subject
and refer them to the same committee.
Mr. CONNESS. I have noticed that these
petitions have been continually referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs. Of course the
honorable chairman and members of that com-
mittee will understand that I have as much
confidence in them as in any other committee
of this body; but they will also, I think, under-
stand the importance and the legitimacy of the
suggestion that I make. As I have said, this
bill probably involves a larger appropriation
of the public moneys and will affect the public
credit and finances more deeply than any other
measure that has been or will be presented
during this session of Congress. I have no ob-
jection that it shall now go to the Committee
on Military Affairs, so that, after being con-
sidered by them, they may report it with all the
petitions on the subject and then refer them to
the Committee on 'Finance, where I think the
subject properly belongs.
The bill was referred to the Committee on
Military Affairs and the Militia, and ordered to
be printed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Represent-
atives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, an-
nounced that the House of Representatives had
passed the following resolution, in which it re-
quested the concurrence of the Senate:
lienolwd, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the Itouse of
Representatives adjourn their respective Houses for
the present session on Thursday the — day of May,
at twelve o'clock meridian.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message from the House of Representa-
tives announced that the Speaker of the House
of Representatives had signed an enrolled bill
(H. R. No. 217) for the relief of Robert Henne;
and a bill (S. No. 86) quieting doubts in rela-
tion to the validity of certain locations of lands
iii the State of Wisconsin, made by virtue of
certificates issued under act of Congress of
February 17, 1815; which were thereupon
signed by the President pro tempore.
REVENUE COMMISSION REPORTS.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I offer the following res-
olution:
Beeolved, That there be printed for the use of the
Senate five thousand extra copies of the following
special reports of the United States revenue com-
mission, of which extra copies have not heretofore
been ordered: report on distilled spirits, (No. 5;) pe-
troleum, (No. 7;) proprietary medicines, &e., (No. 8;)
appendix to cotton report, (No. 3;) on the relations
of foreign trade to domestic industry and the inter-
nal revenue, (No. 10;) on the influence of the dupli-
cation of taxes oil industry, (No. 9;) and the report
mado to the commissioner on the taxation and manu-
facture of malt liquors'in Europe.
It was thought that under a former reso-
lution of the Senate the different branches
of the report of the revenue commission were
ordered to be printed. It has been since as-
certained that some of the branches of that re-
port have not been so ordered, and I trust the
Committee on Printing will take the subject
into consideration, and report at an early day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Under the
rule of the Senate, the resolution will be re-
ferred to the Committee on Printing. ■
INTER-OCEANIC COMMUNICATION.
Mr. CONNESS. I offer the following reso-
lution, and ask for its present consideration:
Resolved, That the Secretary of the Navy iurnish,
through a report of the Superintendent of the Naval
Observatory, the summit levels and distances, by sur-
veys of the various proposed lines for inter-oceanic
canals and railroads between the waters of the
Atlantic and Pacific oceans; as also their relative
merits as practicable lines for the construction of a
ship-canal, and especially as relates to Honduras, Te-
huantepee, Nicaragua, Panama, and Atrato lines;
and also whether, in the opinion of the Superintend-
ent, the Isthmus of Darien has been satisfactorily ex-
plored, and if so, furnish in detail charts, plans, lines
of levels, and all information connected therewith,
and upon what authorities they are based.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish briefly to call the
attention of the Senate and the country to the
purport of this resolution. As will be under-
stood by its reading, it calls for information
already acquired and in the possession of the
Government touching the most practicable
means of commercial inter-communication be-
tween the two oceans over the Isthmuses of
Darien, Panama, and Tehuantepec. The only
means for the transmission of merchandise,
freight, and passengers that now exists, .if we
except what is called- the American Transit
Company, otherwise the Nicaragua route, is the
Panama railroad. The Panama railroad has
now been in operation for many years. It
yields the largest revenue probably to its stock-
holders of any corporation in the world. I am
informed from reliable sources that the entire
trade, including passengers and freight, between
the Atlantic States and the American posses-
sions on the Pacific coast makes up only about
one tenth part of its business. When I state
that our steamships now running three times a
month from New York to Aspinwa.ll, and from
Panama to San Francisco,each carry from eight
to fifteen hundred tons of freight, it will give
some idea of the immense commerce that passes
over the Panama railroad. When I state in
addition that twenty-five dollars is exacted by
the company from every human being who
passes over that road, which is but forty-seven
miles in length, and the transit occupies aperiod
of from two to three hours at a slow rate of
speed, I give some idea of the exactions that
that corporation make of the commerce of our
country and of all civilized nations. It is at
present the only practicable route, and the one
