1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
generally traveled and used, as I before ob-
served, between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans
by Americans.
Many efforts have been made by the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, who are disposed to
act in a spirit of extreme liberality toward the
commerce of the people of the Pacific States,
to obtain a reduction of these immense charges
and exactions on the part of the Panama rail-
road, and thus facilitate the population of our
Pacific possessions; but thus far every effort
has been in vain. The stockholders of that
corporation think only of their immense re-
turns and dividends. The gentleman who is
president of that company, with whom I have
not the honor or pleasure of a personal ac-
quaintance, I am told is an intelligent, liberal,
and elevated man, and if left to himself would
not so conduct the affairs of that corporation ;
but he, too, is overborne in the management,
and the Panama railroad, the construction and
erection of which was hailed by the whole
country as one of the great works of the age,
stands to-day as a toll-gate between the great
Atlantic and Pacific oceans upon Americans
and upon American commerce of the most
extreme exactions and extortions that were
everallowed by civilized nations to be erected.
It is in modern times asking more than the
tolls demanded and exacted and collected so
long in northern Europe, and which we were
compelled only recently, under the advice of
the honorable chairman of the Committee on
Foreign Relations, to capitalize ; I mean the
Sound dues and others of that character. That
this Republic will allow this company to exist
and thus pursue its exactions after it is brought
to the direct attention of tfie law-making power,
seems almost incredible.
The resolution that I have had the honor
to present is' simply asking from the Secretary
of the Navy, through the Superintendent of
the Observatory, for the data in his possession
touching the other practicable means of cross-
ing over the Isthmus that I have named and
that are named in the resolution. I make this
explanation of the resolution so that it may
claim the attention of the country and the at-
tention of the Senate ; and I hope the resolu-
tion will pass.
The resolution was adopted.
SENATOR i'HOM SWV" JERSEY."
Mr. TRUMBULL. I gave notice last week
that I should call up to-day the ease of the Sen-
ator from New Jersey, [Mr. Stockton,] whose
right to a seat in this body is contested; but
several Senators who desire to be present when
that case is considered are not in the Senate
now. and I shall therefore let the matter go
over, giving notice, however, that I shall call
it up at an early day when the Senate is full.
Mr. SUMNER. Why not say to-moriow?
Mr. T RUM1HJLL. Iain not sure whether the
Senator from New Hampshire, [Mr. Claiik,]
or the Senator from Maryland, [Mr. Johnson,]
will be here to-morrow, and the Senator from
Michigan [Mr. Chandler] has had set down
for to-morrow some business from the Com-
mittee on Commerce. I think we might take
it up on Wednesday, and I give notice that I
will call it up on Wednesday, unless there is
some reason to prevent it.
FINAL. ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before-
the Senate the following resolution from tho
House of Representatives :
In tue House op Representatives,
March 19,1866.
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and tho Speaker of the House of
Representatives adjourn their respective Houses for
the present se-siou on Thursday the — day of May,
at twelve o'clock meridian.
On motion of Mr. SHERMAN, the resolu-
tion was referred to the Committee on Finance.
INDIAN AFFAIRS
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I now call for the order
of business.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole,
resumed the consideration of the bill (S. No.
204) to provide for an annual inspection into
Indian affairs, and for other purposes, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment of Mr.
Doolittlb to add at the end of the second sec-
tion the words, "inspector, but shall be enti-
tled to- the same pay, mileage, and allowances
as when employed in the military serviceso
that the clause will read:
Each of said inspectors appointed by the-President
shall receive a salary of $1,000 per annum, and the
oiBcer detailed to act as inspector shall serve without
additional pay or'atlowance as such inspector, but
shall be entitled to the same pay, mileage, and allow-
ances as when employed in the military service.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I should like to have the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin explain the amendment
which has just been adopted.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The amendment just
adopted is for the purpose of making clear
what shall be the compensation of the officer
of the regular Army who shall be detailed to
act as inspector.
• Mr. GRIMES. It only applies to one case.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It only applies to the
officer who is detailed. As tho bill stood origi-
nally it read: "And the officer detailed to act
as inspector shall serve without additional pay.
or allowance as such," leaving it doubtful
whether he would be entitled to receive the
pay which he has as an officer in the military
service when detailed, and therefore in order
to avoid any ambiguity the words that have
been read have been added.
I will state to the Senate very briefly the
purpose of this bill. It is to provide boards
of inspection of Indian affairs in five inspection
districts. The districts are specified in the
first section. The first district embraces the
States of California and Nevada and the Ter-
ritory of Arizona; the second embraces the
State of Oregon and the Territories of Wash-
ington and Idaho; the third embraces tho
Territories of Colorado, Utah, and New Mex-
ico ; the fourth embraces the State of Kansas,
the Indian Territory, Nebraska, and southern
Dakota; and the fifth embraces the State of
Minnesota, with that part of the Territory of
Dakota which lies north of Nebraska, and the
Territory of Montana. There is a provision
in the first section that the Secretary of the
Interior, under the direction of the President,
may from time to time change the boundaries
of these inspection districts.
Mr. NYE. If the chairman will permit me
a moment, I think we had better put the States
of California and Nevada and the Territory
of Utah together in one district. New Mex-
ico and Arizona are easier reached from Col-
orado than Utah would be.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The committee had the
map before them, and the whole subject was
fully considered. This bill was first consid-
ered in the joint committee of the two Houses,
and Mr. IIigby, of California, and the Senator
from Oregon, [Mr. Nesmith,] from the west-
ern coast, were two of the committee. On
looking over the map, we thought this was the
best division of our territory that could be
made. Arizona is put with California and
Nevada. Arizona is more approachable from
California than it is from the other Territory,
and Nevada lying directly east of California, it
was supposed that they could be put with Cali-
fornia without inconvenience, and those three
together should constitute one district. Utah,
it is true, if we could leave off Arizona alto-
gether, could be better attached to Nevada and
California, perhaps, than to Colorado and New
Mexico: but inasmuch as Arizona must be
placed in one of these districts the committee
thought it was best to make that subdivision.
However, the power is given in the first section
of the bill to the Secretary of the Interior,
under the direction of the President, to change
these boundaries, if, in fact, it shall be found
to be more practicable to have the boundaries
embrace other and different Territories.
Mr. NYE. You will find that the Territory
of Arizona is much easier reached by the way
of New Mexico and Colorado than it is through
California or Nevada. If you go to Arizona
through California- and Nevada, you have to go
through an entirely uninhabited country; and
lying west and on both sides of Nevada you
will have to pas«>what is called an impassible
desert. The only way for a person to get to
Arizona would be to go down the coast; and
up the Gulf of California, and up the river
Colorado.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suppose that is the
most approachable way to Arizona, to'go down'
the coast, and up the California Gulf, and up
the river Colorado.
* Mr. NYE. When your agent is in N ew Mex-
ico, his access to Arizona is very easy.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope, ^however, my
honorable friend will not move an amendment,
because the power is given to the Secretary of
the Interior, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, to arrange these boundaries otherwise, if
it is thought better to arrange them otherwise.
I was going on to say that in the second sec-
tion there has been an effort to establish these
inspection boards, and, if possible, not to have
them political in their organization. There is
to be one chief inspector, to be nominated by
the President, for each district. Then there is
to be an officer detailed by the Secretary of
War from the regular Army, to constitute one
of the board, and one to be nominated by the
President from among such persons as may be
recommended by the annual meetings or con-
ventions of the religious societies or denomina-
tions of the United States j but if they fail to
make such a recommendation, the President is
to appoint him from such persons as he shall
deem proper. There was some question in the
mind of the committee in relation to this por-
tion of the section.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They do not meet to-
gether and how can they recommend anybody?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is suggested that it
would be impracticable because there are vari-
ous denominations, but I think it will not prove
impracticable. There are five of these boards
to be nominated each year, and from the per-
sons recommended by the religious bodies of
the country, and for whom they will stand re-
sponsible as proper persons to examine and
look into Indian affairs, the President is to
make his selection of one person for each
board. They will go as annual visitors; and
it seems to me there is no more impractica-
bility about it than there would be if in estab-
lishing a board to examine into the cholera,
we should direct the President to appoint emi-
nent surgeons; or if it was some great ques-
tion of law, that we should direct the President
to select from among the eminent jurists of
the country. The Quakers, Baptists, Pres-
byterians, Episcopalians, and other religious
bodies have their annual conventions in the
United States, and it is simply proposed that
they shall each name a man for whose charac-
ter they will be responsible, for this service,
and from among those men a selection is to
be made by the President. This is the view
which prevailed with the committee on that
subject, although we are told that some objec-
tion, perhaps, is made to it. The idea cer-
tainly is very desirable that this board, if pos-
sible, shall not be a political one. There is
another reason connected with this selection
of persons who may be named by religious
bodies, and that is the fact that there is a great
desire on tho part of the whole people of the
United States to look into the condition of
these Indians, in reference to their schools,
and in reference to their religious instruction.
I do not think any difficulty would grow out of
that provision. If they fail to make a recom-
mendation, the President will select from other
persons. I have presented all there is in that
section.
Now, then, the main question is as to the
powers which these boards shall exercise, and
they are specified in the third section, which
provides:
That it shall be the duty of said boards of inspeo-
tion to visit all the Indian tribe? within their re-
spective district? at least once in each year; to examine
into the condition of their farms and schools; to hear
their complaints; to ascertain whether all tho stipu-
