1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3405
Mr. KASSON. Is the gentleman aware that
this is a large reduction?
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I am
opposed to any such appropriation.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to; and the amendment of the Senate,
as amended, was concurred in.
Fifth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional scction :
And be it further nxirtrd, That the quartermaster's
department shall in all eases, in obtaining supplies
for the military service, state in advertisements for
bids for contracts that a preference shall be given to j
articles ofdonieidie production and manufacture, con-
ditions of price and quality being equal; and that such
preference shall beirivcn to articles of American pro-
duction and manufacture produced on the Pacific
coast to the extent of the production required by the
public service there; and to that end the Quarter-
master General shall cause advertisements to be pub-
lished in the cities of San Francisco, in Ualifoi nia, and
Portland, in the State of Oregon, avd ho shall accept
the lowest responsible bids under such advertise-
ments, if the quality bo equal each in it* kind or supe-
rior to that which shall bo offered by bidders- on the
Atlantic side, and if the price oreoj-t to the Govern-
ment be 110 greater than articles of like kind offered
by bidderhontho Atlantic side with the cost of trans-
portation added thereto.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended eoneurronco, with im amendment to
strike out all after the word u there,"' in the
eighth line, as follows:
And to that end the Quartermaster General shall
cause advertisements to be published in the cities of
Ban Francisco, in California, and Portland, in the
State of Oregon, and he shall accept the lowest re-
sponsible bids under such advertisements, if the qual-
ity bo equal each in its kind orsupei ior to that which
shall be ofteied by bidders on the Atlantic .side, and
if the price or cost to the Government he no greater
than articles of like kind offered by bidders on the
Atlantic side with the cost of transportation added
thereto.
Mr. McRUER. I should liko to ask the com-
mittee upon what ground it .struck out the lat-
ter part of this amendment, which beems to
me to ho perfectly just and proper, and de-
manded by the requirements of the public ser-
vice. Now, in repaid to advertising 
Mr. STEVF.NS. It, does not strike out that
part. It only strikes out the part that they
shall add the freight. We leave it at the price
there, without reference to what goes to make
up that price.
Mr. McRUER. It only provides they shall
purchase on the Pacific coast such articles man-
ufactured there as can be procured as low as
articles on this side, adding the cost of trans-
portation. I think that it is just and right
that these young manufacturers on the Pacific
should be encouraged to that extent, that the
military department should buy such ai tides
as they may manufachue there, provided they
can be piocured as cheaply as articles manu-
factured on the Atlantic coast, adding the cost
of transportation. Certainly these young manu-
facturers might, be encouraged b}' the Goveni-
mentto thatextent; therefore I hope the amend-
ment will not be concurred in.
Mr. SCIIEXCK. 1 was going to suggest
the striking out. of something more from the
amendment of the Senate than was proposed
by the Committee on Appropriations. It seeing
to me sufficient to retain simply the declara-
tion that in the advertisement of the quarter-
master preference should be given in all cases
to articles of American manufacture, and that
we should not undertake to decide between j
one section of the country and another, it j
would only be going a step further to say in \
reference to those things to be consumed in !
Massachusetts that Massachusetts should be ]
preferred; and in reference to those to be;
consumed in Pennsylvania that Pennsylvania [
should be preferred; and that in the cotton-j
growing States their own cotton should have i
preference. It is far better to leave out all .
attempts to sectionalize in this matter and con- i
fine ourselves to the simple general declaration '
that in all advertisements the quartermaster i
should declare that a preference will be given I
to articles of American manufacture. I move. ;
therefore, to amend by striking out that por- ,
tion which relates to the Pacific coast, leaving ,
simply the general declaration oi preference [
for American manufactures. j
Mr. BIDWELL. Mr. Speaker, we do not I
desire to ask any preference on the Pacific
coast, all things considered. But it is a fact
that we have manufactories there of various
articles, and that we produce those articles at
prices which will compare favorably with the
same articles on this side. We make a better
article of blankets than is manufactured on this
side. At all events, they are in no wise inferior
to any article manufactured anywhere in the
United States or elsewhere. Now, sir, it seems
to me that if these articles can be purchased
at the same price, all things considered, deduct-
ing the cost of freight from the Atlantic sea-
board to the Pacific coast, it is not asking too
much to allow the quartermaster,to purchase
them from the manufacturers upon the Pacific
coast. \Ve do not ask any preference; we sim-
ply ask to be placed upon the same footing,
taking into consideration the quality of the
article required and the price of the freight
from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman tell me
what part of this amendment prevents such a
thing as that? T see nothing of it.
Mr. BIDWELL. I do not know that anything
in this bill prevents it, but if there is anything
that allows it 1 hope it will not be stricken out.
Mr. KASSON. J will state that 1 was under
the impression at one time that the bid was for
the entire supply of the Army, but I learn that
it is for the delivery of such a quantity as is
wanted at the respective points of delivery.
Hence I am frank to say that for myself I see
no use of this entire amendment in reference to
California as giving any practical advantage
to that coast. H seems to me to be a nominal
effect pioduced and not a real one. As it was
the committee struck out the part that was
clearly surplusage. I do not wish to appear to
uphold the policy of splitting up the Army of
the United States into different geographical
divisions in reference to the matter of supplies.
I believe it, will work detrimentally to the in-
terest of the (Government. But 1 assure the
gentleman that in the mode in which the bid-
ding is done, the very object which lie desires
will lie accomplished, for if the party at San
Francisco bids lower than is bid by the party
at New York or on the Atlantic coast it most
be given to the party in California.
Mr.BID WELL. L wish to ask the chairman of
the committee whether parties living on the Pa-
cific coast can furnish the supplies needed there.
Mr. STEVENS. It makes no kind of dif-
ference where the parties furnishing the goods
reside. Advertisements are put in for the fur-
nishing of goods at various points ail over the
United States. A man in Boston may bid to
furnish goods in Oregon, or a man in Oregon
may bid to furnish goods in Boston.
Mr. BID WELL. Does not one man, for
instance, furnish all the blankets needed at
different points?
Mr. SOIIENCK. No, sir. The contracts are
not made in that way. There is a demand, for
instance, for ten thousand blankets, which are
needed at San Francisco, or at Portland. Ore-
gon. They arc advertised for, and the bids are
open to the whole country, and the contract is
given to those who can furnish them cheapest
at that point.
Mr. McJlUEK. But the advertisement is
made in New York and Boston and Cincinnati,
and not in San Francisco and Portland.
Mr. SCJIENCK. Usually the papers in
which the advertisements are inserted aie se-
lected at the points where the delivery is to
be made or at the principal commeicial cities.
Mr. McRUER. All we desire is-that if the
Government requires articles delivered at Port-
land or San Francisco, they may purcha.se
them there, provided they can be furnished as
cheaply as in New York or elsewhere.
Mr. RADFORD. 1 desire to ask the gen-
tleman from California a question, so that I
may understand this amendment. I desire to
know if this amendment would require us to
purchase goods manufactured on the Pacific
coast, even though we could obtain the goods
manufactured in other places at a lower price.
Mr. BIDWELL. No, sir; by no means.
They are not to be purchased on the Pacific
coast unless they can be purchased as low, all
things considered, as elsewhere.
Mr. RADFORD. I think the construction
put upon the gentleman's amendment would
be that it would compel the Government offi-
cers to purchase the goods there, even though
they had to pay a higher price than for goods
manufactured elsewhere.
Mr. BIDWELL. 1 have proposed no amend-
ment. I am merely opposing the amendment
of the Committee on Appropriations to strike
out a portion of the Senate amendment. I
desire to see the bill passed as it came from
the Senate.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that we have
had debate enough upon this question, jand I
demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered, being first on the
amendment proposed by Mr. Schexck to the
amendment reported by the Committee on
Appropriations.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to, and the amendment of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, as amended, was
also agreed to.
The amendment of the Senate as amended
was then concurred in.
Sixth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
And be it further enacted, That asum not exceeding
ยง15,000 is hereby appropriated from any moneys in
the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the
purchase of fifty-eight acres, ninety-four and one
quaiter pedes of land near Nashville, Tennessee, be-
ing the site of Fort Morton, as recommended by the
chief Engineer.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Seventh amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
Anil be it further enactcd, That section seventeen of
an act entitled "An aet to define thopay and emol-
ument ofceitain officers of the Armv," approved
July 17,18(52, and a resolution entitled" A resolution
to authoriz-e the President to assign thccommand of
troops m the same field or drpaitment to otftceis of
the same arrade without, regaid toseniority/' approved
April 1,1-SG2, be. and the same areliercby, repealed ;
mid no officer in the military or naval service shall
be dismissed fiom serviec except upon and in pursu-
ance of the sentence of a court-martial to that efiect
or in commutation thereof.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Eighth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional section:
And he it fHither fnnctcd. That hereafter the Super-
intendent of the Military Academy may be selected
from any corps of the Army.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Ninth amendment:
Insert the following as an additional scction:
And be it further rn(wtcd, That action thil ty-fivc of
an act entitled "An act lor enrolling and calling out
the national forces, and for other purposes," approved
.Maich prohibiting the payment ot extia-duty
pay to enlisted men of the Army, be, and the same
ishcrebv, repealed: and the provisions of the ori-
ginal act and the authority to grant extra pay are
hereby extended to theenlistedmonoftlie Nary and
Maiine corps of tne United States.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The tenth and last amendment was as follows:
Insert as an additional section the following:
And be it further enactcd, That the allowance now
made by law to officers traveling undcrorders,wheie
ti anspoi talion ih not furnished in kind, shall be in-
creased to ten cents iter mile.
The Committee on Appropriations recom-
mended a non-concurrence in the amendment.
The question was taken ; and the amendment
was non-concurred in.
The title of the bill was amended by adding
thereto the words " and for other purposes.''
Mr. STEVENS. I move to reconsider the
various votes by which the amendments of the
Senate have been acted upon : and 1 also move
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
