1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
lieport of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Eeps.
world, to refit, and so to renew their depreda-
tions. The consequences of this conduct were
most disastrous to the States then in rebellion,
increasing their desolation and misery by the
prolongation of our civil contest. It had,^ more-
over, the effect, to a great extent, to drive the
American flag from the sea, and to transfer
much of our shipping and our commerce to the
very Power whose subjects had created the ne-
cessity for such a change. These events took
place before I was called to the administration
of the Government. The -sincere desire for-
peace by which I am animated led me to ap-
prove the proposal, already made, to submit the
questions which had thus arisen between the
countries to arbitration. These questions are of
such moment that they must have commanded
the attention of the great Powers, and are so
interwoven with the peace and interests of every
one of them as to have insured an impartial
decision. I regret to inform you that Great
Britain declined the arbitrament, but, on the
other hand, invited us to the formation of a joint
commission to settle mutual claims between the
two countries, from which those for the depre-
dations before mentioned should be excluded.
The proposition, in that very unsatisfactory
form, has been declined.
The United States did not present the subject
as an impeachment of the good faith of a Power
which was professing the most friendly disposi-
tions, but as involving questions of public law,
of which the settlement is essential to the pcaee
of nations ; and, though pecuniary reparation
to their injured citizens would have followed
incidentally on a decision against Great Britain,
such compensation was not their primary ob-
ject. They had a higher motive, and it was in
the interests of peace and justice to establish
important principles of international law. The
conespondence will be placed before you. The
ground on which the British minister rests his
justification is, substantially, that the municipal
•law of a nation, and the domestic interpretations
of that law, are the measure of its duty as a
neutral; and I feel bound to declare my opin-
ion, before you and before the world, that that
justification cannot be sustained before the tri-
bunal of nations. At the same time I do not
advise to any present attempt at redress by acts
of legislation. For the future, friendship be-
tween the two countries must rest on the basis
of mutual justice.
From the moment of the establishment of
our free Constitution, the civilized world has
been convulsed by revolutions in the interests
of democracy or of monarchy; but through all
those revolutions the United States have wisely
and firmly refused to become propagandists of
republicanism. It is the only government
suited to our condition; but we have never
sought to impose it on others; and we have
consistently followed the advice of Washing-
ton to recommend it only by the careful pres-
ervation and prudent use of the blessing. _ Dur-
ing all the intervening peiiod_ the policy of
European Powers and of the United States has,
ou the whole, been harmonious. Twice, in-
deed, rumors of the invasion of some parts of
America, in the interest of monarchy, have
prevailed; twice my predecessors have had
occasion to announce the views of this nation
in respect to such interference. On both occa-
sions the remonstrance of the United States
was respccted, from a deep conviction, on the
part of European Governments, that the system
of non-interference and mutual abstinence from
propagandism was the true rule for the two
hemispheres. Since those times we have ad-
vanced in wealth and power; but we retain the
same purpose to leave the nations of Europe
to choose their own dynasties and formtheir
own systems of government. This consistent
moderation may justly demand a corresponding
moderation. We should regard it as a great
calamity to ourselves, to the cause of good
government, find to the po<ice of the "v^orldj
should any European Power challenge the
American people, as it were, to the defense
of republicanism against foreign interference.
We cannot foresee and are an willing to con-
sider what opportunities might present them-
selves, what combinations might offer to pro-
tect ourselves against designs inimical to our
form of government. The united States desire
to act in the future as they have ever acted
heretofore; they never will be driven from
that course but by the aggression of European
Powers; and we rely on the wisdom and justice
of those Powers to respect the system of non-
interference which has so long been sanctioned
by time, and which, by its good results, has
approved itself to both continents.
The correspondence between the United
States and France, in reference to questions
which have become subjects of discussion be-
tween the two Governments, will, at a proper
time, be laid before Congress.
When, on the organization of our Govern-
ment, under the Constitution, the President of
the United States delivered his inaugural ad-
dress to the two Houses of Congress, he said
to them, and through them to the country and
to mankind, that "the preservation of the
sacred lire of liberty and the destiny of the re-
publican model of government are justly con-
sidered as deeply, perhaps as finally, staked on
the experiment intrusted to the American peo-
ple." And the House of Representatives an-
swered Washington by the voice of Madison:
•'We adore the invisible Hand which has led
the American people, through so many difficul-
ties, to cherish a conscious responsibility for
the destiny of republican liberty.'' More than
seventy-six years have glided away since these
words were spoken; the United States have
passed through severer trials than were fore-
seen ; and now, at this new epoch in our exist-
ence as one nation, with our Union purified by
sorrows, and strengthened by conflict, and es-
tablished by the virtue of the people, the great-
ness of the occasion invites us once^ more to
repeat, with solemnity, the pledges ol our fath-
ers to hold ourselves answerable beiore our
fellow-men for the success of the republican
form of government. Experience has proved
its sufficiency in peace and in war; it has vin-
dicated its authority through dangers, and af-
flictions, and sudden and terrible emergencies,
which would have crushed any system that had
been less firmly fixed m the heart of the peo-
ple. At the inauguration of Washington the
foreign relations of the country were few, and
its trade was repressed by hostile regulations;
now all the civilized nations of the globe wel-
come our commerce, and their Governments
profess toward us amity. Then our country
felt its way hesitatingly along an untried path,
with States so little bound together by rapid
means of communication as to be hardly known
to one another, and with historic traditions ex-
tending over very few years; now intercourse
between the States is swift and intimate; the
experience of centuries has been crowded into
a few generations, and has created an intense,
indestructible nationality. Then our jurisdic-
tion did not reach beyond the inconvenient
boundaries of the territory which had achieved
independence; now, through cessions of lands,
first colonized by Spain and prance, tne coun-
try has acquired a more complex character,
and has for its natural limits the chain ol lakes,
the Gulf of Mexico, and on the east and the
west the two great oceans. Other nations were
wasted by civil wars for ages before they could
establish for themselves the necessary degree
of unity; the latent conviction that our form
of government is the best ever known to the
world, has enabled us to emerge from cml war
within four years, with a complete vindication
of the constitutional authority of the General
Government, and with our local liberties and
State institutions unimpaired. The throngs of
emigrants that crowd to our shores are wit-
nesses of the confidence of all peoples m our
performance. Here is the great land of free
labor, where industry is blessed with unex-
ampled rewards, and the bread of the working-
man is sweetened by the consciousness that the
cause of the country "is his own cause, his
own safety, his own dignity.'' Here every one
enjoys the free use of his faculties and the
choice of activity as a natural right. Here,
under the combined influence of a fruitful soil,
genial clinics, and happy institutions, popula-
tion has increased fifteen-fold within a century.
Here, through the easy development of bound-
less resources, wealth has increased with two-
fold greater rapidity than numbers, so that we
have become secure against the financial vicis-
situdes of other countries, and, alike in busi-
ness and in opinion, are self-centered and truly
independent. Here more and more carc is
given to provide education for every one born
on our soil. Here religion, released from po-
litical connection with the civil government,
.efuses to subserve the craft of statesmen, and
becomes, in its independence, the spiritual life
of the people. Hero toleration is extended to
every opinion, in the quiet certainty that truth
needs only a fair field to secure the victory.
Here the human mind goes forth unshaeklcd
in the pursuit of science, to collect stores of
knowledge and acquire an ever-increasing mas-
tery over the forces of nature. Here the na-
tional domain is offered and held in millions of
separate freeholds, so that our lellow-citizens,
beyond the occupants of any other part of the
earth, constitute in reality a people. Hero ex-
ists the democratic form of government,; and
that form of government, by the confession of
European statesmen, "gives a power of which
no other form is capable, because it incorpo-
rates every man with the State, and arouses
everything" that belongs to the soul.''
Whore, in past history, does a parallel exist
to the public happiness which is within the
reach of the people of the United States?
Where, in any part of the globe, can institu-
tions be found so suited to their habits or so
entitled to their love as their own free Consti-
tution ? Every one of them, then, in whatever
part of the land he has his home, must wish its
perpetuity. Who ol them will not now ac-
knowledge, in the words of Washington, that
" every step by which the people of the United
States have advanced to the character of an in-
dependent nation, sceins to have been distin-
guished by some token of providential agency ?''
Who will not join with me in the prayer, that
the invisible Iland which has led us through the
clouds that gloomed around our path, will BO
guide us onward to a perfect restoration of fra-
ternal affection, that we of this day may be able
to transmit our great inheritance, of State gov-
ernments in all their rights, of the General
Government in its whole constitutional vigor,
to our posterity, and they to theirs through
countless (fenerations?
ANDREW JOHNSON.
Washington, December 4, 1865.
Report of the Secretary of War.
war department,
Washington City, November 22, 1865.
Mr. President: The military appropriations
by the last Congress amounted to the sum of
SOIC,2-10,131 70. The military estimates for
the next fiscal year, after careful^ revision,
amount to $33,8i4,461 83. 1 he national imli-
tary force ou the 1st of May, 18G5, numbered
1,000,510 men. It is proposed to reduce the
military establishment to 50,000 troops, and
over 800,000 have already been mustered out
of service. What has occasioned thisrechic-
tion of force and expenditure in the War De-
partment, it is the purpose of this report to
explain. . c
At the commencement of the last session or
Congress much had been accomplished toward
suppressing the rebellion and restoring I1 edcral
, authority over the insurgent States, But the
