2440
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
the Treasury and the Secretary of War and the
Secretary of the Navy all control over the mil-
itary arm of the Government and over the
Trffilsury, which this biH virtually does. I ad-
dressed an inquiry to the Senator from Wis-
consin to learn from him, if I could, what was
the full scope of this measure, I understand
that it confers upon these officers 
Mr. HOWE. I did not understand that to
be the inquiry.
Mr. GRIMES. I understood from the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin that this bill conferred the
power on this commission, these three Secre-
taries, to establish quarantine regulations sim-
ilar to those they have in New York, although
not to so great a# extent perhaps, because to
such an extent it might not be necessary, any-
where on this continent. The bill does not
require that the Government shall adopt the
quarantine officers of the State of New York.
Oh, no; they are to be new appointees, ap-
pointed under this law. The organization of
the city of New York or of the State of New
York is to be entirely ignored and is ignored
by this bill. We are to have another batch of
office-holders, innumerable in number if it is
to be extended uniformly over the country
according to the idea of the Senator from Wis-
consin, which I understand is the idea of the
committee.
I have not any such fear of the cholera as to
induce me to vote for a bill like this. I believe
that it will be attended with infinitely worse
consequences to the country than the most
malignant type of cholera that over prevailed
upon this continent. As my friend near me
says, one thing would certainly result from
it, and that is that it would give the cholera
to the Treasury of the United States if it should
be enacted into a law. [Laughter. ]
Mr. President, it may perhaps be owing to
the fact that I have no very great fears of the
cholera, having had some experience in regard
to it from having lived in a town with it three
years, that I am not willing to break down all
the barriers around the Treasury, which some
gentlemen seem to be disposed to do. There
is nothing, according to the provisions of this
bill, as I understand it, that it does not author-
ize the three Secretaries to do. I trust that
the time has gone by when we are going to be
called upon to legislate in the manner in Which
this bill proposes. During the prevalence of
the war we drew to ourselves here as the Fed-
eral Government authority which had been
considered doubtful by all and denied by many
of the statesmen of this country. That time,
it seems to me, has ceased and ought to cease.
Let us go back to the original condition of
things, and allow the States to take care of
themselves as they have been in the habit of
taking care of themselves.
Mr. IIOWE. Take care of their own cholera!
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, take carc of their
own cholera. My State will take care of its
cholera. I do not want to have a cordon, as
they call it, against the cholera established
between my State and the city of Chicago. I
do not want officials, either of the Treasury or
of the Army or the Navy out there to prevent
a citizen from traveling from one place to an-
other, either on the lakes or on the Mississippi
river, which authority is conferred by the pro-
visions of this bill. In my locality we are
familiar with this disease; we know that it has
not got such terrors as it seems to have to gen-
tlemen who are not familiar with it, and we do
not want to have our liberty restrained, nor do
we want to have our privilege of locomotion
restrained, nor do we want to have the Treas-
ury afflicted by any such bill as this.
Mr. COWAN. I can only add to what has
been so well said by my eloquent friend from
Iowa, that in the present condition of the med-
ical science nothing can be more absurd than
this legislation. If there is any one thing I
thij^k well settled, it is that cholera is not con-
tagious in that sense of the word which would
enable you by means of some legislative enact-
ment to keep it out of the country. I think for
the credit of the body in that respect we ought
to avoid this mode of dealing with that which
is now pretty well understood. I should just
as soon think of legislating against coughs and
colds as against cholera. As has been said,
we have large experience in it now in this coun-
try; I have been myself two or three times in
places where large numbers of people were
dying of cholera; and I think the universal
sentiment of the profession, the learned senti-
ment of the profession, is now that no kind of
quarantine regulations can prevent the appear-
ance and prevalence of this disease. It is an
epidemic instead of a contagion. It exists in
the air ; and hence there was great propriety
in the jest of some Senator the other day who
proposed to refer the whole subject to the ven-
tilation committee. If you could prevent the
introduction of that air from which the disease
arises, if you could prevent it from traversing
its circle around the world every sixteen or
eighteen years and from coming into our atmos-
phere, perhaps something might be done; but
I am satisfied no kind of regulation other than
that of cleanliness and care when the poison is
in the atmosphere will have the slightest effect
to stay the ravages of the disease.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is House bill No. 280.
TAX ON PETKOLEUM.
Mr. COWAN. Before the Senate proceeds
with the unfinished business of yesterday I de-
sire to ask for the passage of a joint resolution
which is now upon the table. Yesterday a joint
resolution was received from the House of Rep-
resentatives and laid upon your desk, sir, to
take off the-internal revenue from crude petro-
leum. It was not referred to the Finance Com-
mittee regularly and formally, but the matter
was before that committee this morning, and
was fully considered. I ask now that the joint
resolution he referred to the committee, and
that I have leave to report at once that the com-
mittee have considered it favorably and recom-
mend its immediate passage ; and I ask that it
be pot on its passage, as I think the matter is
of great importance to the production of the
oil regions, particularly of my State.
At the time when this tax was imposed, petro-
leum was worth ten or eleven or twelve dollars
a barrel. At that time it was hoped that it
would retain these prices in competition with
the production of foreign oils, but that hope
has not been realized. From a variety of causes
the price has been reduced from ten to about
three dollars, and when the producer pays the
tax, and pays, as in a great many instances he
1ms to do, a great expense for machinery, where
the well is not a flowing well but pumping and
tailing, it leaves him nothing, and the wells are
being abandoned, and the whole region is in a
condition of desolation and panic. They are
liable to such accidents as very often destroy
the proceeds of months in a single night by
fire; and those fires are sometimes the work of
incendiaries, growing out, it is said, of changes
which have taken place in carrying on the busi-
ness, throwing many persons out of employ-
ment. For instance, it is alleged that a very
great amount of oil has been consumed recently
by carters, draymen, wagoners, and others,
who-were thrown out of employment by the
introduction of pipes to carry the oil to the de-
positories, some of those pipes being seven or
eight miles long.
The expiration of Young's patent in Eng-
land and Scotland for procuring the petroleum
from Scotch shales has reduced prices there,
and it is utterly impossible for our people now
to compete with those oils, they bearing the
burden of this tax. We must consider further
that the imposition of a tax upon this com-
modity is itself against all principle. It goes
into the families in every part of the land ; it
is an article of prime necessity, an article as
necessary as air and food to life ; and I believe
some political economists always, or at least
since the days of Adam Smith, have recom-
mended that articles of that character be freed
from the imposition of burdens of this kind
unless in case of absolute necessity; and upon
that principle the producers think they are
entitled to the indulgence of Congress for this
commodity. If it is refused, the revenues will
not be the gainer and the people through those
regions will be very largely the losers.
I may remark another thing, Mr. President,
that just at this season of the year is the time
when new wells are put down, and in the con-
dition in which the business is now found
nobody will embark in it; there is a stagnation
all through that region of previous activity,
which is distressing indeed to look upon; and
without new wells, and without the investment
of the capital necessary to put them down, the ^
production of oil ceases to be a matter of any
moment to anybody; because there is no well,
no matter how good a one it may have been at
the outstart, how freely it flowed or how pro-
fusely it could be pumped out, that is not in
time exhausted; and hence to procure the
commodity new wells have to be continually
sunk and followed up by the investment of very
considerable amounts of capital. This is now
stopped entirely, owing principally to the im-
position of a tax of one dollar a barrel upon
oil. I hope, then, the Senate will concur with
the House of Representatives in relieving from
this burden.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. With the
permission of the Senate, the Chair will lay
before the body the joint resolution from the
House of Representatives referred to by the
Senator from Pennsylvania.
The joint resolution (H. R. No.' 137) to pro-
vide for the exemption of crude petroleum
from internal tax or duty, and for other pur-
poses, was read twice by its title.
The PRESIDENTpro tempore. The joint
resolution will be referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope it will not be
referred. I trust the Senate will proceed to
consider the resolution now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It requires
unanimous consent to consider it at the present
time.
By unanimous consent the joint resolution
was considered as in Committee of the Whole.
It proposes to exempt from internal tax or duty
paraffine oil not exceeding in specific gravity
thirty-six degrees Baume hydrometer, the
product of a residuum of distillation, crude
petroleum, and crude oil the product of the
first and single distillation of coal, shale,
asphaltum, peat, or other bituminous sub-
stance.
Mr. CONNESS. I beg to say one word on
the motion that T have made to proceed to the
consideration of this measure now. When the
question was before the Senate hitherto, and
this tax was imposed, I for one was notin favor
of it. Living as I had lived for many years in
a mining country, where perhaps one in a hun-
dred enterprises succeeded, I understood well
the nature of the enterprise of seeking for oil.
I believed then that the imposition of this tax
would prove precisely what it has proven to
be—a tax rather upon effort than upon prop-
erty. Such has proved to be the result, and I
hope that no person will object to remitting it,
so that this great interest may be relieved from
a burden which is really intolerable to those
engaged in it.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate, ordered to a third reading, read the
third time, and passed.
HOUSE-BILL REFERRED.
The bill (II. R. No. 563) to regulate the
time and fix the place for holding the circuit
court of the United States in the district of
Virginia, and for other purposes, was read
twice by its title, and referred to the Commit-
tee on the Judiciary.
USE OF T.IIE HALL.
Mr. HOWARD. I move to take up Senate
bill 109.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that will not bo
