422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. DIXON. I renew my motion for an
executive session.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I liope the Senator will
not' press that until we get up this bill, and then
I shall not ohjcct. 1 wish the bill to be taken
Tip that it may be the order of the day for to-
morrow.
Mr. DIXON. I withdraw my motion at
present.
The motion of Mr. Trumbull was agreed to.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
On the motion of Mr. DIXON,the Senate pro-
ceeded to the consideration of executive busi-
ness ; and after some time consumed therein the
doors were opened, and the Semite adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Thursday, January 25, i860.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Hcv. C. J5. Boyxtox.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
REPORTS OF GENEUALS Gil ANT AND SOIXTTRZ.
Mr. LAELIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing. submitted the following report, and de-
manded the previous question on the adoption
thereof:
Resolved, That twenty-five thousand copies of the
report of Generals V. S. M rant ami Carl Schuiv, with
the accompanying1 documents upon the condition of
ih.fiinto rebellious Stales, be pimtcd for tiieu.se of
member* of this House.
The demand for the previous question was
seconded, and the main question ordered; and
under the operation thereof the resolution was
agreed to.
Mr. LAFLIN moved to reconsider (he vote
by which t he resolution w as adopted ; and a No
moved that ihe motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. WASHRUHNE, of Illinois, demanded
the regular order of business.
BUREAU 01' AGRICULTURE.
Mr. MOULTON,byunanimouseonsent, sub-
'mil,ted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
ftt'ftofvc?. Thai the Commi-.-ioTUM'of tlx; "Duvean of
Agriculture be, and he is herebj, icque.-ted to com-
municate to this House—
First, the amount of money t hat has been reet i ved
from ari> source by his huve;tu miicc he has had charge
of the sume.
Socondl n , a ->1 a {emeu ( in def ail of tlie disbursements
suid expenditures of-aid bureau during the same
tune.
Thirdly, the i early cost t.o the Government of mi id
"bureau, including every expenditure connected with
the same.
Mr. MOULTON" moved to reconsider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted; and
ahso moved (halt he motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ISATION W, H.AXKS.
.Mr. AYASFHM; IL\, ot Max-.ichn.-oHs, by
unanimous consent, subm if ted t he fol'ov, big
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Itrst>(/W, That the Committee on Han kino: and Cur-
rency be requeued to consider the expedience of so
amending the national banking iu t as to provide by
lawthat m ea.-e any bank denies to Mirreudei its
ch.ii tor and close up its business, it shall be enabled
to do fco within a. leasonablc time.
TYi'MRX AL R HVENUE.
Mr. INGERSOLL, by unanimous con-ent.
introduced a hill to amend the laws for the col-
lection of internal revenue; which was read a
hrst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means.
JIKMUNERATIOS 1'OU LOSSES AT PEA.
Mr. ItlCE, of Massachusetts, by unanimous
consent. Submitted the following lesolution;
"which wa? read, considered, and agreed 1o:
Jl< -oh-rj, _That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to impure into the expediency of piovid'ti'.?
by ior remunerating owners of propertv thrown
ovci boa i <1 or oUierw.sc de.-i roved at sea in ordm to
prendre Lim.m life iu c-u« p of sdnpwirck or other
peril, and that they have leave to report, by bill or
otherwise.
PRIVILEGE OF THE 1X0031.
Mr. FIXOK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Reeo7vr-d, That lion. Charles Polletf, contesting
the seat now held bv Hon. Columbus T)kl \.xo, from
the thirteenth district of Ohio, be entitled to the priv-
ileges of the floor during die pendency of the consid-
eration of said contest.
Mr. FINCK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
RESERVED LANDS IN MIOIJKJAN.
Mr. FERRY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
"Whereas by reservations* under vmious railroad
grants, and ^uhsorpiont ext elisions ot time forthe con-
struction of railroads, la rye tracts of land inthcState
ot .Michigan are withheld trom market, to the detri-
ment of tlieState, by-.orioue-jy ob -trnetimrsettlement
and vitally impeding its  rowlh ami wealth; There-
to! o,
U'^uh-rd, That the Committee on Public Lands* be
instructed to consider flu1 propriety of re'to finer, at an
early da v, these lamb tomaiket at a price not exceed-
ing that lixed by (Jovcrmnent for even and adjoining
section?, and the proceeds thereof held, instead of the
lands, tor such railroad pin poses, the State concur-
ring; and that the committee report by bill or other-
wise. %
suffrage ix the "district ok com'.uiua.
Mr. EARQUIIAH, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
llrxoh-'-il, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia be venue-ted to report an amendment to the
election la w < ot ! he District of Columbia with pi op or
pro\ i-ions exclmhnc, honi t he n hi of-utfiugeall pei-
sons who have \oluutanl\ home arms against the
United J5t.ite< duiing l!u la,te ieb<_iii<m.
TIlsT OATH.
Mr. ISKX.mriN submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
I agreed to :
Whereas it appears from report* of the Secretary of
the Treasury and the Secretary ot "War to the Senate
anil House of Rcpiescntativcs. in rcspon.-e to certain
icsobitious, thai certain persons have been appointed
to and at e pei forming the duties ofotUi er.- oi the (<o\ -
eminent of the United States without having taken
the oath rcijiiired bylaw: Thcietore,
lievthn-tf. That the Conmuuee on the Judiciary bo
in-inu-t.'d to inquire and report to this 31ou<e it any
of I he otlicers so appointed arc required by law to e\-
t ecute (din ial bomK and it so, it the securities to Mich
bond-! ate liable t u any l>r<\u h fbeieof.
Mr. li 1 jN«f A M i mo\ed to n-com-ider the
vote by which the resolution was adopted ; and
also moved ihat the motion to reconsider be
laid upon t Ik1 table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
I DAVID T. STiCPKEXSOX.
| Air. KEPK, by unanimous consent, inlro-
I duced a, bill for the reliefol David'!1. Stephen-
| son ; which was read a iir>t and second time,
j and referred lo the Committee on Invalid Pen-
i mous.
i noksi-; khm;ow> in mictucax.
t Mr. SClI IsXCIC. bvunaniinous consent, from
(he Committee on Military Ai'laits, recorU'd
1 hack, with the recommendation that il do pass,
(he joint resolution of the llon^e authorizing
i the Secetarv of War to <j;ran( the use ofapor-
; lion of the military redone oji the ('lair
, river, in the JSlatc of J\Iichi^an, lor railroad
! purposes.
i Mr. SCUEXCK. The town of Fori Huron
! —Port 1 lurou Cit \. as it is called—in Michigan,
. is at a distance of two miles fiom the dejiot of
; the railroad leading to it. There is a military
, reserve belonging to the United States lying
bftweesi t he railroad depot and the town. It
, is desired to have the; p.-i\llogo of running cars
1 through thi^ military re^-n^o in order to reach
the town from the depot, for the convenience
of the inhabitants of the town and passengers
; on that railroad.
i Tim whole matter has been referred to the
: Secretary of War. to ascertain whether there
ex^is in the A\ ar Department any objection
whatever to jrnm!ii:g this piivilege. It is ascer-
tained that there is no reason why it should not
be granted. It will not interfere iu any way
i with the use of the ground for public purposes,
and there is no objection that the committee can
ascertain to grantbig the privilege.
Mr. "W ASH1)D Risl£, of Illinois. I should
like to hear the joint resolution read.
The Clerk read the joint resolution.
It authorizes the Secretary of "War to grant
to Gurdon 0. "Williams, of the city of Detroit,
in the State of Michigan, and his associates, the
use of so much of the military reserve on the
St. Clair river, in the State of Michigan, known
as the site of iHort Gratiot, as is necessary for
extending a horse railroadfrom Port Huron City
to the depot of the Port Huron and Detroit rail-
road, at such rental and upon such terms and
conditions as to him may seem proper, reserv-
ing to the United States, however, the right of
renio\ing the rails, ties, and other pails of said
road whenever the Secretaiy of War shall direct,
without any claim or light for damages on the
part of the said Williams and associates, or their
legal representatives.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time ; and being en-
! grossed, it was accordingly read the third time,
and passed.
Mr. SCII13X0K moved to reeou ader the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TNCREASn OV PK\SIO\S.
Mr. SCIH'jNCIv, from the Committee on Mil-
itary A (fairs, moved that thai committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
following petitions, and that the same be re-
ferred to the Committee on.lmalid Pensions;
The petition of eighteen soldiers who have
lost arms or le^s in the military service for
increase of pensions: and
The petition of Hon. T. AY. Powell and fifty-
i six others, citizens of Ohio, for pensions to the
surviving soldiers of the war of 1S12.
The motion was agreed to.
KKPllttSttNTATrON TV C0\CRF.PS.
Mr. AY1LLLVMS asked unanimous consent
to submit the following re.-olutiou for reference
to the Committee on the Judiciary :
Hi sofrcrf, Tha< it be proposed to tin rseveral States
of flu: t mon to amend the Conatii ution of the (Tinted
State,-, in the iii<t chui^c ot thesccond section of tho
fti-r aniclo thcrcot, .-o as to make the same read as
lot I o\v* •
The thm.-e of Representatives shall be composed
ot meml)cis elio-jcu every >econd \ ejir by the people
of the several St.ito-\ and tlie electors in each State
shaU have such quahticutio;)-; as -hall be pic-mbed
from tone to linn bv a luueial iawoi feirai's-- to bo
enacted for Ihat pm po? e.
At-o, to amend til ^ Li-tcbmseof the fduhth section
of the fuvt article thereof, so as to make the .-amc
reail as follows:
To make all laws which shall be nece.--ary for car-
ryin«.' into execution ail pow ers vested by the Consti-
tution in t he (vol nment of the (Tuned St a t e-. oi in
any di paiimc nt oi utlu ei thou of. and cutou mu all
()bli"al ioji^. iiro\ i-i<m-, oi di-'i bihi ie>- impri-ed thereby
on the s<n eral States comifo-iini- tho same.
Mr. I.E HLOXD objected.
ri;xsrs or jiAxrrACTnji:?.
i The SPEA K j-!i hiid Siefbre tlie House a, coui-
i munication front the Secretary ol'the interior,
tninsmilting a tabular stalennmt of tin1 manu-
factures in the United Stales, iu re.-pon^e to a
; lesolution from the Hou.-e of J anuan 17, iSfji);
j which was laid on the table and ordered to be
: printed.
! Mr. HOC AX moved that twenty thousand
! extra eoities <d* said communication bo pi inted
i for the use ot' the llou-e: uliich motion, under
the law. was referred to the Committee on
Printing.
! XORTOX'S POST OTTTCE PTAUP.
' The SPEAKEIl also laid before the Iloufie
a communication from the Postmaster General
relative to Norton's post stamp; v.hieh was re-
; ferred to the Commit tee on the Po-t Ollice and
| Post Poads, and ordered io be ptiuted.
i Mr. S'fK YENS and Mr. IUTTKH demanded
the regular order of business.
| basts ay reprmxtatjox.
; The SPEAFvEJl stated the regular order of
t business to be the consideration of the follow-
