1486
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
lations of treaties are kept; and whether all moneys,
goods, and supplies arc faithfully and justly applied
and distributed; to oxamine into the book?, ac-
counts, and manner of doing business of thesuperin-
tendentsand stents within their respective districts;
to make diligent inquiry into the conduct of the offi-
cers and employes of the Indian department, and
into the conduct of the military forces toward the
Indians, with power to summon witnesses, and, by
the aid of the military, who are hereby directed to
aid them, to compel their attendance; each member
of said board being authorized to administer oaths;
* and said board—
This is perhaps one of the principal points
in it—
and said board shall be authorized to suspend fo 
cause any officer or employ*; of the Indian depart-
ment in their respective districts, subject to tho ap-
proval of the President.
The board are required to report annually,
and in case of a suspension from office to make
an immediate report in writing for the action
of the President.
Tho fourth section confers upon the chief
inspector appointed under this bill, and upon
all superintendents of Indian affairs and all
Indian agents, the powers which are now con-
ferred by law upon court commissioners, to be
exercised in all cases or matters wherein any
Indian tribe or any member of an Indian tribe
shall be concerned or be a party, giving these
officers the power in case of offenses against
the United States to make a preliminary exam-
ination and bind them over for trial, substan-
tially giving tliem the powers of a justice of the
peace of the United States in eases where In-
dians themselves or their tribes are parties.
Then it contains this further provision:
And that in nil matters or proceedings wherein
any Indian tribe, or member of an Indian tribe, shall
be concerned or be a party, the testimony of Indian
witnesses thai! be received in all courts and before
all officers of the United States.
Then in the fifth section there is a provision
which raises the salaries of Indian agents who
reside in the Indian country on reservations,
or among the Indians of their agency, to the
sum of $1,800 per annum.
Mr. FESSENDEN. What do they get now?
Mr. DOOL1TTLH. Fifteen hundred dollars
in most cases now; but it is the universal opinion
and conviction of the committee, and all who
have considered the subject, that the compen-
sation to the Indian agents is not sufficient, and
therefore we have made this slight addition to
the usual compensation of $1,500.
Mr. GRIMES. Does he not reside on the
agency farm?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Indian agent usually
resides upon the agency farm; bnt let me say
to Senators, if we wish to employ a capable
and efficient^ agent, and send him away gen-
erally from civilization, to live among the In-
dians, and upon the ieservation, we must pay
him something more than what is absolutely
neccssary to enable him to live; otherwise, we
present before these men whom we send off
into the wilderness a temptation too strong for
human nature. _ The committee believe that
those boards of inspection, by going over the
whole of these Territories, visiting all the tribes,
with power to remove these agents for the time
being from office, to look into their books, and
the administration of Indian affairs, will have
a salutary change in the administration of the
Indian affairs of the country.
I have thus briefly stated tho purpose of the
bill.
_ Mr. POMEROY._ If I understand the bill,
it is a proposition inaugurating a permanent
system to run on forever. If itprovided simply
for a temporary inspection, I would not have
any objection to it; but it looks to me as if it
would require the expenditure of $00,000 an-
nually.
Mr. CONFESS. More than that.
Mr. POMEROY. Perhaps more than that,
but at, least that much, and it proposes to or-
ganize a permanent system, which may be ne-
cessary or may not. J think not. The various
religious bodies of the country are all repre-
sented now in every one of these tribes where
they have a_ mission ; they have a missionary
there; and if there are any proceedings going
on there that ought to be reported to the pub-
lic, every one of them has one or more men
there. We have an agent living in every tribe.
Then there is a superintendent who is over the
agents, and whose business it is to go' around
and inspect the proceedings of the agents as
often as he thinks the public interest may re-
quire. I know they are directed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior to make inspections and to
perform the very service indicated in this bill.
They do it in my State. I do not know how it
is in the remote Territories. Jtmay be that in
some of the Territories there is a need of a per-
manent board of this kind, but I have never
seen any need of it. The Senator from Wis-
consin himself last year, I was very glad to sec,
made an inspection. I think it is very well to
organize a temporary board of inspeetien once
in a while ; but I think it a very doubtful policy
to inaugurate a new system, making four pr five
permanent boards, costing as much money as
this bill will. I know there are instances where
they might perhaps save the Government a
great deal of money and do a great deal
good ; but I think we ought to bo more vigilant
in regard to our agents and superintendents and
select the best men for those positions and not
multiply offices. This bill, it seems to me, is
a sort of imperfection against the men we have
already got, that, they are not honest. It pro-
vides for the appointment of a board to watch
them. It occurs to me, if there is any reason
in this thing, that we had better be more cau-
tious in the selection of agents instead of mul-
tiplying officers. These are my views on the
subject. I shall vote for this bill very reluc-
tantly if I vote for it at all.
Mr. CONNESS. I am sorry to differ on any
subject connected with Indian affairs with the
honorable chairman of the Committee on In-
dian Affairs, but I take very nearly the same
view of this subject that the honorable Senator
from Kansas does. I have taken some inter-
est, let mo say, in the administration of Indian
affairs in California for some time past. I will
speak of that State bccause I know most about
it, and it will illustrate perhaps the operations
of this bill as well as its necessity. The reserva-
tion system has been in operation in that State
for a great many years. Largo appropriations
have annually been made for the support of the
Indians. Thegeneral system carried outin that
State has been to have either one or two super-
intendents. For many years, the State was
divided into two superintendencies; one was
denominated tho northern and the other the
southern superintendency. Then at each re-
servation there were what were denominated
Indian agents. In addition to that, there was
a corps of special agents. The law never des-
ignated how many employes there should be,
or how many officials there should be. It was
left a great deal to the discretion of the super-
intendents in the State and the local Indian
agents. They would employ special agents to
travel into diiferent counties under the pretense
of collecting the Indians together, resulting
invariably in large charges against the Treas-
ury, to come in afterward as extras and be
paid by the Government. I wish to say here
now, that the whole reservation system up to the
present period of time, dating a year back, in
California, has been a complete and perfect
failure, consuming hundreds upon hundreds of
thousands of the public money, far from pre-
serving peace between the Indians and the
whites, and far from feeding and satisfying the
hunger of the Indians or covering their naked-
ness.
_ At the present time, the State of California
is one superintendency, under a law of Con-
gress passed two years since. In my opinion,
the superintendent of that State is as honest
a man as_ ever existed, and the result of his
integrity is being felt immediately in the ad-
ministration of affairs. The local Indian agents
reside upon the reservations. I can only speak
for three of them because, although there are
I think four reservations, one has no perma-
nent agent yet appointed. But the agents
for the other reservations have been selected
with reference to their capacity to superintend
a farm on a large scale, and to produce the
largest product from that farm, to take care of
the Indians, and apply the labor of the Indians,
and their superintendence and attention with
the greatest possible benefit. The superintend-
ent is required to visit those reservations at
least once a year. He does so. And now, as
the honorable Senator from Kansas says, you
are going to organize a board to embrace the
State of California, the State of Nevada, and
the Territory of Arizona, of three inspectors,
two of whom shall receive $4,000 a year—
$8,000—to watch the superintendents and the
agents. The third member of the board is to
be an Army officer, and of course he is to have
his transportation or mileage ; but if you sup-
pose there will not be incidental expenses, I
think you are mistaken.
I know and concede thatthe honorable chair-
man of this committee gives his whole mind and
heart to this business of Indian affairs and does
his best. I am entirely satisfied upon that prop-
osition ; but I wish to say to him and to the Sen-
ate, what they must appreciate at once, that the
character of the administration of Indian af-
fairs depends upon the individual, moral, and
intellectual character of the superintendents ap-
pointed. If you select those superintendents
from poor, wasted creatures who merely want
an office, you may send a hundred boards to
watch them, and the superintendents or agents
will watch the boards and cheat the Govern-
ment. I might call attention to several cases
that have come within my experience, but where
the cases have passed, I forego that, not wish-
ing to draw a picture disagreeable or disgrace-
ful to the service. I find, by multiplying, that
we are to appropriate under this bill $40,000
in salaries for live boards of commissioners.
That is simply the groundwork. There is to
be a large addition to that. Before a system
of this kind is added to the present system,
and you pile one upon another, which gives
you no guarantee,in my opinion, of pure admin-
istration, I think it is a pretty serious question
as to whether the whole Indian department
should not be handed over to the War Depart-
ment of the Government, and thus the immense
expenditure that is now made in payment of
civilians saved to the Government, and all the
expenditures for Indian affairs reduced and
retrenched. 1 do not know of any branch of
public affairs that requires more attention than
this does.
I need not say here that I have great confi-
dence in the integrity of the present head of
the Interior Department—no Senator has
more; and in the present Commissioner of
Indian Affairs no person has more ; but it be-
comes a serious question, whether the whole
subject of Indian affairs should not be turned
over to the War Department. We appointed
a congressional committee last year to go out
and examine into the various branches of In-
dian service. I do not know what they did. I
know what some of them did. I do not know
what they did in my State. I do not think
they changed the condition of affairs there at
all. In that State, they are going on very well
now, and you might as well take $8,000 and
drop it into the sea as to give that sum to a
board to watch Mr. Maltby, the present super-
intendent. It would be simply a cruel insult
to linn, for he is exercising, not only the manly
qualities he possesses, but the fatherly care of
a kind-hearted man over his charge, and care
m the selection of these agents. That is the
only way to improve the Indian service under
the present system; but it is a serious question,
1 think, whether you should not, in lieu of this
bill, make a complete turn-over of the service,
under proper regulations, to the War Depart-
ment of the Government.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not rise either to advo-
cate or oppose this bill. At the last Congress
I believe the two Houses united in appointing
a committee of the two bodies to look into the
condition of these Indians, and if my mem-
ory serves me correctly, the distinguished chair-
man of the Committee on Indian Affairs, aa
well as the Presiding Officer of this body, were
