1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2447
done. I desire to liavo the unfinished business
of yesterday disposed of.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not think this bill
will take much time. '
Mr. SHERMAN. I thinkwe can dispose
of the Post Office appropriation bill, wliioli is
the unfinished business of yesterday, in a little
while. The debate is exhausted, I imagine,
and we can take the vote.
Mr. HOWARD. Very well.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The un-
finished business of yesterday is the bill (H.
R. No. 280) making appropriations for the
service of the Post Office Department for the
fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1867.
Mr. WADE. I ask the Senate once more
to take up the resolution granting the use of
the Chamber to Mrs. Walling. I suppose there
will be no debate upon it.
Mr. SHERMAN. Let us take a vote on
this question.
Mr. WADE. On what question?
Mr. SHERMAN. The question debated
yesterday.
Mr. WADE. This will not take a moment
to decide it one way or the other. I ask the
unanimous consent of the Senate to take it up.
I only desire to have a vote upon it. If there
is any debate upon it, I will let it go over.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
ator from Ohio asks the unanimous consent of
the Senate to take up the resolution grant-
ing the use of the Chamber to Mrs. Walling for
the purposes of lecturing. No objection being
made, the resolution is before the Senate, and
the question is, Will the Senate reconsider its
vote rejecting the resolution ?
Mr. MORGAN. On that question I ask for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WADE. I barely wish to say this before
the vote is taken on the reconsideration: this
lady, I believe, was in Texas when the war
broke out. She has three young children de-
pendent on her for support. She lectures, as
I understand, very much to the acceptation of
the people, and she endeavors to support her-
self in this way. She is exceedingly anxious
that she should have an opportunity to lecture
here at once, more, I believe, on account of the
prestige it will give her to have this Hall than
for any other reason. I hope this privilege will
bo granted to her. That is all I wish to say
about it.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 19, nays 11; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Doolittle, Ed-
munds, Fessenden, Guthrie, Howard. Howe, Me-
Douptall, Morrill, Jfesmith, Nye, Poland, Pomeroy,
Kiddle, Sumner, Wade, Williams, and Wilson—19.
NAYS — Messrs. Buckalcw,Davis, Grimes, Harris,
Henderson, Morgan, Norton, Sherman, Trumbull,
Yan Winkle, and Willey—11.
ABSENT—Messrs.Biown, Clark, Conness, Cowan,
Cragin. Creswell, Dixon, Foster, Hendricks, John-
son, Kirkwood, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas,
Ramsey, Saulsbury, Sprague, Stewart, Wright, and
Yates—19.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the adoption of the resolution.
Mr. WADE. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by striking out " Monday evening, the 7th
instant," and inserting, "Thursday evening,
the 10th instant."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I should like to have
the resolution read, as amended.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
Resolved, That the use of the Senate Chamber be
granted to Mrs. M. C. Walling for the purpose of de-
livering therein an address on Thursday evening, the
10th instant; the floor of the Chamber to be for the
exclusive accommodation of members of the Senate
and House of Representatives; and that hereafter the
Senate Chamber shall not be granted for any other
purpose than for the use of the Senate.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now call for the order
of the day.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business of yesterday, being the bill (H.
R. No. 280) making appropriations for the oer-
vice of the Post Office Department during the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1807, and for other
purposes, is now before the Senate, the pend-
ing question being on the amendment, of the
Senator from Illinois, [Mr. Trumbull.]
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend the
amendment of the Senator from Illinois by
striking out the last clause, I think it is, which
provides for a report of the cause of removal
to the Senate.
The PRESIDENT proHempore. The Sen-
ator from Maine moves to amend the amend-
ment by striking out the word^ '' the cause, in
case of removal, to be reported to the Senate
at its nextsession so thattheamendment, if
amended, will read:
And he it further enacted. That no person exercising
or performing, or undertaking to exercise or perform,
the duties-of any oflice which by law is required to be
filled by the advice and consent of theSenate, shall,
before confirmation bythe Senate, receive any salary
or compensation for his services unless such person
be commissioned bythe President to fill up a vacancy
which has happened during the recess of the Senate,
and since its last adjournment, by death, resignation,
expiration of term, orremoval for acts done or omitted
in violation of the duties of his office.
Mr. HOWARD called for the yeas and nays
on the amendment to the amendment, and they
were ordered.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to say a single
word on this subject. I intimated the other
day that as the amendment stood originally 1
had made up my mind to vote for it, and I gave
some reasons why I thought we might with
propriety pass .something of that description
with reference to what has been done hereto-
fore, which I deemed to bo very improper;
but T could not vote for it with that clause in
it. My colleague now proposes to remove that
objection, so far as it existed to that particular
clause, by striking it out. I shall vote to strike
it out, because I think if the amendment is to
be passed at all it would be much better with-
out that clause, and if that is stricken out it
would take away the most offensive part of it.
But I desire to say that on further reflection
I have come to the conclusion not to vote for
it as an amendment to this Post Office appro-
priation bill, whatever particular form it may
assume, and for a reason which I will state.
If this was very important—and 1 deem it im-
portant that something of the kind should be
done—I would vote for it as an amendment
even to an appropriation bill if wo were at the
very last of the session, and wo had not time
to legislate on the subject in another way; but
I deem the suggestion made by the honorable
Senator from Missouri [Mr. Henderson] in
relation to a bill upon the subject, which might
be well considered and digested, to be the
proper course to be taken with regard to it.
Undoubtedly this is a matter which needs con-
sideration, because wo have felt at various
times that there were evils growing out of it,
but it should be done with consideration, and
embrace the whole subject. Wc have ample
time to do it left us. We are not at the heel
of the session. The thing may be well ad-
justed and well considered; and for a well-
considered bill I should be very willing to vote,
for the reasons that I gave the other day.
But I do not think it wise in any point of
view, either as a matter of general legislation
or, if Senators please, in a party point of view,
to put an amendment of this sort, at this time
and under existing circumstances, upon an
appropriation bill, more especially upon the
Post Office appropriation bill, which may very
much embarrass it, and with which the deal-
ings of the country are very much interested.
If I had had any doubt on the subject the argu-
ment that was made by my friend who has
charge of the bill, [Mr. Sherman,] and whom
I feel in some measure bound to follow in rela-
tion to it, was such as to convince me that the
course which I have now suggested is the proper
course to take in relation to it.
Under the circumstances I have deemed it
proper to make this explanation, as otherwise
I might be considered as acting in the face of
what I remarked the other day; and that is that
without this addition to it I should be disposed
to vote for this proposition. As it is, I think
it had better be struck off the bill altogether.
The Secretary proceeded to call ihe roll.
Mr. GRIMES (after lirat voting in the affirm-
ative) said: Yesterday I paired off on this
bill and all the amendments to it with the
Senator from Connecticut, [Mr. Drxox. j I
understood that the pair only extended to yes-
terday; but as he is not here to-day it. is pos-
sible that he may understand that it extends
beyond yesterday. I therefore desire to with-
draw my vote. I voted "yea." I do not know
how he would vote if he were here.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Shall the
Senator from Iowa be permitted to withdraw
■his vote? No objection being made, his vote
will be erased.
The result was" announced—yeas 22, nays
16: as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Buckalcw, Clark, Doo-
little, Edmunds, I7essenden, roster, Harris, Lane of
Kansas,McDougall,Morgan, Morrill, Nesmith, Nor-
ton, Riddle, Saulsbury, Sherman, Stewart, Yan Win-
kle, Willey, Williams, and Wilson—22.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Conness, Davis, Guthrie,
Henderson, Howard, Howe, Lane of Indiana, Nye,
Poland, Pomeroy, llamsey,Sprague, Sumner, Trum-
bull, and Wade—16.
ABSKNT—Messrs. Brown. Cowan, Cragin, Crcs-
wel 1, 1Jixon, Grimes, Hendricks, Johnson, Kirkwood,
Wright, and Yates—11.
So the amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. HENDERSON. I hope the Senator
from Illinois will now withdraw the amend-
ment. I think there is nothing in the amend-
ment now except the admission of the power
of the President to make removals, and I cer-
tainly will not vote for it.
Mr. HOWARD. The reason which the hon-
orable Senator from Missouri has for voting
against this amendment is the same reason that
will prevail with me. I regard it as a plain
recognition by Congress, or by the Senate at
least, of the absolute and unconditional power
of the President to make removals from oflice,
and I cannot concede such a principle.
Mr. HOWE, I should like to have the
amendment reported as it stands now.
The Secretary read as follows:
A nd be it further enaetcd, That no person exercising
or performing, or undertaking to exercise or perioral,
tilo duties of any oflice which by law is required to be
filled bythe advice and consent of theSenate, shall,
before confirmation by the Senate, receive any salary
or compensation for his services unless such person
be commissioned by the President to fill up avacancy
which has happened during the recess of theSenate,
and since its lastadjournment, by death,resignation,
expiration of term, or removal for acts done or omit-
ted in violation of the duties of his office.
Mr. HOWE. I think there is enough left
to vote "yea" upon it, and I believe I will
stick to it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE called for the yeas and
nays on. the amendment as amended, and they
were ordered.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think as the proposi-
tion has now been amended, striking out a
part of the clause in reference to removals, it
would be better to strike out all about remov-
als and present it in the form in which it was
originally offered. The proposition as origi-
nally offered was refusing pay to any person
put in office in a vacancy which existed during
the session of the Senate. It is clearly not
within the constitutional power of the Presi-
dent to fill a vacancy which does not occur
during the recess of the Senate. I prefer, as
a part of the amendment has now been stricken
out, to putitin that form, and let us see whether
the Senate is prepared to vote to pay men who
are put into office without the consent of the
Senate, when the vacancy existed while the
Senate was in session, and it could have been
consulted; in other words, whether it is pro-
posed to repeal the existing law.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask my friend from
Illinois if the law of 1863 does not cover that
very case. ,
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not cover all the
' Mr. SUMNER. Then I suggest to the Sen-
ator to modify his-proposition.
