1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong. .. ,1st Sess
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
The aggregate available force present for j
duty May 1, 1864j was distributed in the differ- I
ent commands as follows:
Department of Washington  42,124
Army of the Potomac   120,880
Dep«ti fcment of Virginia and North Carolina.... 59,139
Department of the South 
Department of the Gulf. 
Department of Arkansas  23«6ob
Department of the Tennessee  /4,174
Department of the Missouri * 
Department of the Northwest  o,29d
Department of Kansas...........   4,^J8
Headquarters military division of the Missis-
sippi    4/6
Department of the Cumberland 
Department of the Ohio -  35.,416
Northern department  9,546
Department of West Virginia  SO, <82
Department of the Ea&t  2,828
Department of the Susquehanna  2,970
Middle department  5,027
Ninth Army corps  20,780
Department of Now Mexico  3,151
Department of the Pacific  5,141
062,345
Active military operations west of the Missis-
sippi commenced in the month of March, 1804.
The principal rebel forces beyond the Missis-
sippi were concentrated under General Kirby
Smith, at Shreveport, on the Red river. Against
this force an expedition was undertaken by
Major General Banks, with a large army from
New Orleans, to be cooperated with by troops
from the department of Arkansas, under Gen-
eral Steele, and from the division of the Mis-
sissippi, under General A. J. Smith, and also a
large naval force under Admiral Porter. Gen-
eral 'Banks with his forces reached Alexandria
about the 20th of March. Advancing thence
toward Shreveport, a series of disasters com-
menced, that ended in the failure of the expe-
dition with heavy loss of men and material.
The cause of this failure is still a subject of dis-
cussion, not material to the present report.
Although by this mishap the enemy was enabled
to occupy the attention of a large force designed
and that might have been employed in other
fields, he was himself kept in check andhindered
from taking part in the great campaigns east of
the Mississippi.
The campaigns in Virginia opened on the 4th
day of May. By simultaneous movements the
army of the Potomac crossed the Rapidan, and
City Point, on the south side of the James, was
seized and occupied by General Butler. The
crossing of the Rapidan was effected without
resistance from the enemy. The movement
asainsl City Point took him by surprise. The
army of the Potomac was directed at Lee's
army, while the city of Richmond was the ob-
jective point of the army of the James.
Minute details of the subsequent campaigns
are given in the accompanying reports of the
Lieutenant General amLother distinguished
commanders, so that nothing more than a cur-
sory view of the main results is here required.
The antagonist armies of Meade and Lee met
in conflict near Mine Run on the 5th day_ of
May. Forty-three days of desperate fighting
or marching by day and night forced back the
rebel army from the Rapidan to their intrench-
ments around Richmond, and carried the army
of the Potomac to the south side of the James
river. The strength of the enemy's force when
the campaign opened, or the extent of his loss,
is not known to this Department. Any ine-
qaaliiyof numbers between Lee's army and the
army of the Potomac was fullj' compensated
by the advantage of position. Resolute purpose
and desperate valor were exhibited on both
sides. In the battles of the Wilderness, Spott-
sylvania Court-House, Jericho Ford, Havre's
Shop, and Cold Harbor, many brave soldiers
and gallant officers perished. Among them
were Brigadier General Wadsworth, Brigadier
General Hays, and Major General Sedgwick.
Lieutenant 'General Grant in his report ob-
serves :
"The battles of the Wilderness, Spottsylvama,
North Anna, and Cold Harbor, bloody and terrible
as they were on our side, were even more u3maj?in£C
to the enemy, and so crippled him. as to make him
wary ever after of taking the offensive. His losses m
men were probably not so great, owing to the fact that
we were, save in the Wilderness, almost invariably
the attacking party, and when he did attack it was
in the open field."
Although expectations of destroying Lee's
army, and the speedy capture of Richmond and
Petersburg, were disappointed, and the enemy
had found refuge behind impregnable fortifica-
tions, the campaign was still prosecuted with
determined purpose toward the same object.
While the rebel army was sheltered in his in-
trenchments the national forces were busy at
work outside strengthening and advancing their
position, breaking the communications of the
enemy, cutting off and destroying his supplies,
narrowing his limits, harassing him by raids,
and occupying his attention to prevent detach-
ments or reinforcements being sent to operate
elsewhere.
Active operations were also going on in the
valley of the Shenandoah. On the 1st of May'
an expedition, under Generals Crook andAv-
erill, was sent out by General Sigel, which
reached Wytheville and accomplished the de-
struction of much, rebel properly. General
Sigel advanced, on the 8th day of May, with
his force, from Winchester to New Market,
where, met by the enemy under 0 eneral Breck-
inridge, lie was defeated and fell back to Cedar
creek. General Hunter was then placed in
command of the department. He matched
with a strong force toward Staunton, and in a
biilliant engagement at Piedmont defeated the
enemy with severe loss. Advancing to Staun-
ton, he was joined there by Crook and Avcrill,
and moved against Lynchburg. Ileenforco-
ments from tlic enemy having arrived before
him, General Hunter retired by way of the
Kanawha. Meanwhile, in order to repair the
losses of the army of the Potomac, the chief
part of the force designed to guard the_Middle
department and the department of Washing-
ton, was called forward to the front. Taking
advantage of this state of affairs, in the ab-
sence of General Hunter's command, the en-
emy made a large detachment from their army
at Richmond, which, under General Early,
moved down the Shenandoah valley, threaten-
ing Baltimore and Washington.. Their advance
was checked at Monocacy, where a severe en-
gagement was fought by our troops under Gen-
eral Wallace, reenforced by a part of the Sixth
corps under General llicketts. After this bat-
tle the enemy continued to advance until they
reached the imrcuehmeuts around Washing-
ton. Here they v,ere met by troops from the
army of the Potomac, confuting of the Sixth
corps, under General right, a part of the
Eighth corps, under General Gillmorc, and a
part of the Nineteenth corps, just arrived from
New Orleans, under General Emory. By these
troops the enemy were driven back from Wash-
ington, and retreated hastily to Virginia, pur-
sued by our forces under General Wright.
On the 7ih day of August, 1861, General
Sheridan was placed in command of the mili-
tary division comprising the department^of
Washington, the department ol v, est \ ir-
ginia, the department of the Susquehanna,
and the Middle department. In two great
battles, at the crossing of the Opequan on the
19th of September, and at Fisher's Hill on the
22d of September, the rebel army under Early
was routed and driven Irom the valley with
immense loss of prisoners, artillery, and stores.
A desperate effort was made by the enemy to
recover their position. Early was strongly
reenforced, and on the morning of the l'.!fh
of October, in the absence of General Sheri-
dan, his lines were surpiised, his_ position
turned, and his forces driven back m confu-
sion. At the moment when a great disaster
was impending, Sheridan appeared upon tlic
field, the battle was restored, and a brilliant
victory achieved. The routed forces ot the
enemy were pursued to Mount Jackson, where
he arrived without an organized regiment of
his army. All his artillery and ihousands of
prisoners fell into Sheridan's hands. These
successes closed military operations in the
Shenandoah valley, and a rebel force appeared
there no more during the war.
Major ^General William T. Sherman began
the brilliant series of his campaigns early in
May. The first objective point was Atlanta,
To reach that city his armies must pass from
the northern limit to the center of the great
State of Georgia, forcing their way through
mountain defiles and across great rivers, over-
coming or turning formidable intrenched posi-
tions, defended by a strong, well-appointed,
veteran army, commanded by an alert, cautious, ,
and skillful general. The campaign opened on
the 0 th day of May, and on the 2d day of Septem-
ber the national forces entered Atlanta. This
achievement is thus described in General Sher-
man's Field Order No. 68:
"On the l=t of May our armies were lying in gar-
rison, seemingly quiet, from ICnoxvilleto Huntsvitle,
oud our enemy lay behind liis roekv-faeed barrier at
Dalton, proud, defiant, and exulting. lie had had
time sim c Cinif-tm.is to recover from his discomfiture
on the M ission Ridge, with his ranks filled, and a now
commander-in-chief, and second to none in the con-
federacy ill reputation lor skill, sagacity, and extreme
popularity. All at once our armies assumed lifo and
action, and appeared beforo Dalton. Threatening
Koeky Face, we threw ourselves upon liesaca, ana
the robel arms' only cscapcd by the rapidity of its
retreat, aided by the numerous roads with which he
was familiar, and which were strango to us. Again
he look post m AUatoona. but we gave him no rest,
and, by our circuit toward Dallas and subsequent
movement to Atwortli, wo gained tlic AUatoona Pass.
Then followed the eventful battles about Kencsaw,
and the escape of the cneiuy acioss the Ohattahoocho
river.
"The crossing of tlicChattahooclie and the breaking
of the Augusta, road was most handsomely executed
by us, and will be studied as an example in the art of
war. At this stage of our game our enemies became
dissatisfied with their old and skillful commander,
and selected one moro bold and rash. New tactics
wore adopted. Hood first boldly and rapidly, on the
20th of July, fell on our right at Peach Tree creek,
and lost. Again, on the 22d, ho struck our extreme
]elt, mid was scveiely punished; and finally, again, on
the 28th, be repented the attempt on our right, and
that time must have become satisfied, for since that
date liehas rcmainedonthedeleiisive. We.^lowlyand
gradually drew our lilies about Atlanta, feeling for
the railroad which supplied the rebel army and made
Atlanta a place of importance.
"We mu'-t conccdc to our enemy that he met these
efforts patiently and skillfully, but at last he made
the mistake we had waited for so long, and sent his
cavalry to our rear far beyond the reach ot recall.
Instantly ourcavalry was on his only remaining road,
and we followed quietly with our principal army, and
Atlanta fell into our possession as the truit of well-
conceited measures, backed by a brave and confident
army."
For military reasons, slated in the report of
the Lieutenant General, it was determined that
Atlanta should be destroyed, and Sherman's
armies push forward to Savannah or some other
point on the Atlantic.
Shortly before the fall of Atlanta, General
Johnston hsd been superseded m command of
flie rebel army by Ceneral Hood, who, adopt-
ing a different system from that pursued by liis
cautious predecessor, boldly assumed the offen-
sive, withaviewto forco General Sherman from
Georgia, by cutting off his communications, and
invading Tennessee and Kentucky. Pursuant
to this plan, Hood, by a rapid inarch, gained
and broke up, at Big Shanty, the railroad that
supplied Sherman's army, advanced to Dalton,
and thencc moved toward Tennessee. Hood
was followed from Atlanta by General Sherman
far enough north to cover liis own purpose and
assure liim against Hood's interrupting the con-
templated inarch to the sea-coast. Sherman
turned back suddenly to Atlanta. That city,
and all the railroads leading to it, were de-
stroyed, and on flic 10th of Noveinberthe march
commenced for Savannah. Advancing in three
columns, and living upon the country, the cap-
ital of the State and oilier large towns were
occupied without resistance. General Sher-
man's command, on the 10th of December,
•1 closed m on the enemy's works which covered
Savannah.'' Fort McAllister was gallantly
carried by assault on the same day. The city
of Savannah, strongly fortified, and garrisoned
by a large force under General Ilaruie, was
summoned, but surrender was refused. Prep-
arations for assault were made, and in the night
