1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3407
council of Cleveland, and by the Board of
Trade of the same city, subject, however, to
sueli restrictions, conditions, and limitations
as the Secretary of War may see lit to impose
at any period, whether prior or subsequent to
the erection of the bridge.
Mr. EDMUNDS. 1 move to amend the res-
olution by adding to it the following proviso :
Provided, That this resolution, and all acts (lone
under it, Khali be subject to tlie future action of Con-
gress.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no objection to
that.
Mr. WADE. There is no objection to the
amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is so now.
Mr. WADE. T suppose it is. It does not
add anything to the resolution.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendment was con-
curred in. The joint resolution was ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, was read
the third time, and passed.
bills tnt ho 1)1] ok i).
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 303) to incorporate the Metropolitan Club
of the District of Columbia; which was read
twice by its title and referred to the Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. SHERMAN asked, and bv unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint
resolution (S. R. No. 114) for the relief of
John A. Coan; which was read twice by its
title and referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia.
austrian troops in mlxrco.
Mr. ANTHONY submitted the following res-
olution; which was referred to the Committee
on Printing:
Uemlved, That ten thousand copies of the message
from the 1'iesident, -with accompanying document?,
answering a resolution of the Senate of the l.'Sth in-
stant, in resanl to the departure of troops from Aus-
tria for Mexico, be printed for the use of the State
Department.
compensation of employes.
Mr. WADE submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was considered by unanimous con-
sent, and agreed to:
Whereas great inequalities exist in the compensa-
tion allowed to the several ollicers and othcr_ em-
ployes of the Senate and House ot_ Itepi-eM'ntatives :
Therefore, with a view to the adjustment of these
inequalities in the Senate,
11c it i enolvJ, That a committee of three he ap
pointed to take into consideration the foregoing mat-
ter, and leport by bill or resolution.
Jlr. WADE. I move that the committee be
appointed by the Chair.
It was so ordered by unanimous consent;
and Messrs. Wade, Williams, and Bcckallw
were appointed the commiftcc.
ventilation ok senate ciiamiikr.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following resolu-
tion :
Hri'tlt'ed, That the Oommitteeon Pnblielinihlin^s
and Grounds bo in-truetcd to inqui,e into tlic expe-
diency ot authorizing the mipiovement of the ven-
tilation of the Senate Chamber in aecordance with
plans that may be submitted bv the architect of the
(Japitol and under his direction, similar to those
adopted in t'-ic Kepresentative Chamber, andrepoit
by bill or otherwise.
Mr. RAMSEY. I suggest to the Senator
from Missouri that the committee make a re-
port at some early day, for we are suffering
every day. | Laughter.]
Mr. BROWN. While it is warm, you mean.
[Laughter. ]
Mr. RAMSEY. Yes, sir.
Mr. MORRILL. This afternoon.
Mr. BROWN. I will simply say that I have
felt a little delicacy about interfering with the
special committee that has already had the
matter of ventilation under consideration, but
still I think it would be well to charge both
committees with it. I ask for the present con-
sideration of the resolution.
The resolution was considered by unani-
mous consent and agreed to.
message from t1ie 1i00se.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bill and joint resolution, in which
it requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 387) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of the Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 18G7 ; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 176) amend-
atory of a joint resolution entitled "A resolu-
tion respecting bounties to colored soldiers, and
the pensions, bounties, and allowances to their
heirs,'' approved June 10, 18GG.
washington territory.
Mr. WADE. I move to postpone all prior
orders and take up House bill No. 179, amend-
ing the organic act of the Territory of Wash-
ington.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (II.
11. No. 170) amendatory of the organic act of
Washington Territory was considered as in
Committee of the Whole. It provides that
alter the next annual session of the Legislative
Assembly of the Territory the sessions shall
be biennial. Members of the Council shall be
elected for the term of four years, and mem-
bers of the House for the term of two years,
and they shall receive the sum of six dollars
per day instead of three dollars heretofore
allowed, and shall receive the .same mileage
now allowed by law. Each is to have author-
ity to elect, in addition to the ollicers now
allowed by law, an enrolling clerk, who shall
receive live dollars per day. The chief clerks
shall receive six dollars pen-day, and the other
ollicers elected by the Legislature shall receive
live dollars per day each. The lirst election
for the biennial session is to be at the time
of holding (lie general election for the Terri-
tory in the year 1807.
Mr. WADE. I offer this amendment as an
additional section:
And he it further enacted. That the act of the Legis-
lative Assembly of til o Territory of Washington, ap-
proved January 11, 1S65, entitled "An net, m relation
to the county of Skamania," be, and the same is
hereby, disappiovcd.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported fo the Senate as
amended, and the amendment was concurred
in. It was ordered that the amendment be
engrossed and that the bill be read a third
time. The bill was read the third time and
passed; and, on motion of Mr. Wade, its
title was amended by the addition of the words
"and for other purposes."
1i0u.se rills referred.
The following bill and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twice by their titles and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (II. R. No. 387) making appropria-
tions for the current and contingent expenses
of (lie Indian department, and for fulfilling
treaty stipulations with various Indian tribes
for the year ending 30th June, 1807—to the
Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 170) amend-
atory of a joint resolution entitled "A resolu-
tion respecting bounties to colored soldiers,
ami the pensions, bounties, and allowances to
their heirs''—to the Committee on Military
Afairs and the Militia.
surveyor gen'ehal in idaho.
On motion of Mr. STEWART, the bill (II.
R. No. 301) to create the office of surveyor
general in Idaho Territory was considered as
in Committee of the Whole.
It authorizes the President, by and with the
advice and consent ol the Senate, to appoint a
surveyor general for Idaho, whose annual sal-
ary is to be $3,000, and whose power, author-
ity, and duties are to be the same as those pro-
vided by law for the surveyor general of Oregon.
He is to have proper allowances forcleik hire,
office rent, and fuel, not exceeding what now
is allowed by law to the surveyor general of
Oregon, and he is to locate his office at Boise
City, in the Territory of Idaho.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
british vessel magicienne.
Mr. SUMNER. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate hill No.
1297, reported from the Committee on Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 207) for the relief of the owners of the
British vessel Magicienne was read the second
time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the payment, to the order
of the proper functionary of the Government
of her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain and
Ireland, of the sum of S8,C45, as full compen-
sation to the owners of the British vessel Magi-
cienne, or their legal representatives, lor dam-
ages occasioned by reason of the wrongful
seizure and detention of that vessel by the
United States ship Onward, in the month of
January, 1803, and also as full compensation
to the owners and shippers of the cargo of the
Magicienne ; such sum to be distributed agree-
ably to the award of William M. Evarts and
Edward M. Archibald, Esquires, to whom the
claim was referred for adjustment, by an agree-
ment bearing dale in November, 1808, between
the Secretary of Stale on the part of the Uni-
ted States, and the British minister at Wash-
ington on the part of Great Britain.
The PRESIDE NT pro tempore. If no amend-
ment be proposed, the bill will be reported to
the Senate.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the vole is taken
upon that question, I desire that the Senate
should understand precisely the character of
the bill. Perhaps the Senate may have for-
gotten that a message of the President, bear-
ing date April -1, 1800, communicated to the
two Houses of Congress the correspondence
between the Government of the United States
and the Government of Great Britain relating
to this vessel. It appears by that correspond-
ence that the United States, through Mr. Sew-
ard, and the Government of Great Britain,
through Lord Lyons, came to an agreement,
in 1K03, to refer the question of damages in
this matter to Mr. Hearts, the eminent counsel
at New York, and Mr. Archibald, the British
consul at New York. Those two referees have
proceeded with the business and have made a
report which forms the basis of this bill. I call
particular attention to the dales in this case,
because they had an influence on the judgment
of the committee in the report which they in-
structed me to make. 1 need not remind the
Senate that at a later day Lord Russell, in a
formal manner, undertook to refuse to submit
our claims on Great Britain to any arbitration.
That was by a dispatch which 1 hold in my
hands, addressed to Mr. Adams, our minister
at Great Britain, and beaiing date August 30,
180f>. All will lcmember the terms of that dis-
j patch, which have been substantially set forth
i in the annual message of the President of the
United States. Had this claim accrued subse-
quent to that dispatch of Lord Russell, it would
have been a very grave question whether onr
committee could have counseled the recogni-
tion of the claim; bul, sir, it was anterior to
that dispatch, and referees were selected on
both sides, by whose judgment, it seemed to
j the committee, we ought to abide. In short,
! under the circumstances, there was no alterna-
! tive. We had selected our court, and the dam-
| ages were determined by the judgment of that
I court. It was under those circumstances that
the committee directed me to report that this
claim ought to be paid.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
■ Mr. CONXESS. As we are in want of time,
[ I should not consume it and will not. The
j whole of this case is that we are to pay a Brit-
■■ ish claim because it existed anterior to the date
! of the insolent refusal of the British Govern-
