8408
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
ment to consider any claims of ours, or to sub-
mit our claims and theirs jointly to arbitration.
They are to turn out as public marauders over
the seas of the world and destroy our com-
merce, and the question of losses is not to be
submitted, and our Government is to be in-
sulted when the proposition is made ; but we,
with a nicety of justice and an exactitude of
justice that can scarce find a parallel, are to
pay British claims anterior to that date be-
cause we had appointed our own court. I have
great confidence in the Committee on Foreign
Relations; I know the sense of justice of that
committee, and of the chairman of that com-
mittee, and have great respect for it; but I
cannot vote to pay any British claim in the
face of the insulting response made by the
British Government to the proposition even
to consider American claims.
Mr. SUMNER. I make no question with
the Senator from California with regard to the
character of the reply of Lord Russell to our
own application. X have already stated that
had this claim accrued subsequent to that, and
had our obligations with regard to it been
declared subsequent to that, the committee
would not have undertaken to recommend it to
the Senate ; but it appears by the correspond-
ence which is on our tables that this claim was
the subject of an explicit understanding between
Mr. Seward on our part, and Lord Lyons on
the part of the British Government; that they
came to an agreement as to how it should be
decided ; that referees were selected ; that they
have proceeded to the decision of the case ; and
now it seems that it only remains for us to abide
by the judgment of the referees that we have
assisted in selecting.
Mr. CONNESS. Pay the bill.
Mr. SUMNER. And, in short, pay the bill.
I see that it goes against the grain of my excel-
lent friend; but I believe that he, too, is not
insensible to the claims ofjustice. For myself,
I would say that while I have no question as
to how the conduct of Great Britain on this
matter should be characterized, I am anxious
that my own country should be kept firm and i
constant in the attitude ofjustice.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, was read the third time, and
passed.
NIAGARA SHIP-CANAL.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of the bill (H. II.
No. 314) to incorporate the Niagara Ship-Canal
Company.
. The PRESIDENT pro tempore put the ques-
tion on the motion, and'declared that the noes
appeared to have it.
Mr. HOWE.' I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. HOWE. Allow me to say, for the in-
formation of the Senate simply, that this is a
bill to provide for a ship-canal around the falls
of Niagara. I am not going to argue the ques-
tion of taking it up. I want to have the sense
of the Senate as to whether they will consider
it or not.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If my colleague will
allow me to make a suggestion on the subject,
I think he had better move to take it up after the
morning hour has expired. Some gentlemen
here who are perhaps friendly to the bill would
vote against it in the morning hour, but would
vote to take it up after the morinng hour has
passed. I make that suggestion to my col-
league. Ho may not get the sense of the Sen-
ate if he moves to take it up in the morning
hour.
Mr. HOWE. I should like to have the Sen-
ate take up the bill, and if then it should be
the disposition of the Senate that it shall be
assigned to any particular time for considera-
tion, I shall have no objection to that. I do
not understand why it shpuld not properly be
considered in the morning hour as well as in
any other hour of the day.
Mr. STEWART. There is no objection to
taking it. up for an assignment.
Mr. HOWE. I hope we shall have a vote.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas 17, nays 19; as "follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Con-
ness. Cragin, Doolittle, Kdmunds, Foster, Howe. Mor-
rill. Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Trum-
bull, and Yates—17.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Cowan, Davis, Grimes,
G-utlirie, Henderson, Hendricks, Lane of Indiana,
Morgan, Nesmith, Norton, Riddle, Sherman, Sum-
ner, Van Winkle, Wade, Willey, Williams, and Wil-
son—19.
ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Creswell, Dixon, Fes-
senden, Harris. Howard. Johnson, Kirlnvood, Lane
of Kansas, McDougall, Saulsbury, Sprague, and
Wright—13.
So the Senate refused to take up the bill for
consideration.
freemen's bureau.
Mr. "WILSON. I move to take up House
bill No. 613, to continue in forceand to amend
an act to establish a Bureau for the Relief of
Freedmen and Refugees, and for other pur-
poses.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I wish the honorable
Senator would not propose to take that up in
the morning hour, for there is no special order
for to-day, and there are some little matters
concerning Indian affairs that I want to get up
and dispose of in the morning hour.
Mr. WILSON. This bill was specially as-
signed last week, and was put aside to take up
a railroad bill, and then had to give way to the
internal revenue bill, and I cannot yield any
longer.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is the morning
hour.
Mr. SHERMAN. I can vouch that the
business of the Military Committee has been
crowded off day after day, and they ought to
have a chance.
Mr. POMEROY. I think the Senator from
Massachusetts might bring up his bill at one
o'clock and allow the morning hour to be de-
voted to miscellaneous bills.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. As Senators seem to
bo giving notices and stating about what ought
to be done, I will state what in my judgment
ought to be done. We ought to go into execu-
tive session pretty early to-day. There are
some pending Indian treaties necessary to be
acted upon before the Indian appropriation
bill is acted upon, and the honorable Senator
from Maine having charge of that bill has in-
formed me that he will press it within the
next two or three days. Therefore, I wish to
give notice to the Senate that I intend to move
at an early hour to day to go into executive
session, and I wish my friend from Massachu-
setts to give way and give the floor to Indian
affairs—they do not trouble the Senate very
often—and let his bill go over until the end
of the morning hour. 1 think we can dispose
of two or three Indian questions in the morn-
ing hour to-day.
Mr. WILSON. I will take this up and
specially assign it for one o'clock.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Assign it for to-morrow
at one o'clock.
Mr. WILSON. No, I must have it up to-day.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope that if we are to
consider the bill called up by the Senator from
Massachusetts we shall go on with it now. The
Senator from Wisconsin was not in his seat,
I think, when we voted down the motion to
take it up the other day. I was constrained
to vote against the motion then, although I am
in favor of the measure. I hope we shall go
on with it now, without making any special
assignment of it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion of the Senator from
Massachusetts to proceed to the consideration
of House bill No. 613.
The motion was agreed to.
JAMES P. JOHNSON.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask the consent of the
Senator from Massachusetts and the unanimous
consent of the Senate to allow Senate bill No.
374 to be taken up and passed. It is a little
bill for a poor fellow who has been waiting a
long time. I am sure there will be no objec-
tion to it.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 374)
for the relief of James P. Johnson, was read
the second time and considered as in Commit-
tee of the Whole.
It is a direction to the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to pay James P. Johnson, of Iowa, the sum
of $202 50, in full payment for his services as
veterinary surgeon in the fourth Iowa cavalry.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and
ordered to be engrossed for a third reading.
Mr. BROWN. Before this bill is passed I
should like to hear some explanation of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. It is simply to pay a
veterinary surgeon of one of the Iowa regi-
ments for the term which he actually served, but
owing to some informality he was not legally
mustered in. The bill pays him precisely what
the Department says he would have been paid
if he had been mustered in, and he ought to
have been mustered in.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
WYANDOTTE MISSION CHURCH.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I ask unanimous con-
sent to take up a little bill which has passed
the Senate once, but it ought to be passed
again so that it may be acted on in the other
House during the present session. It is to pay
for the destruction of two churches and a
library, belonging to the Wyandotte Indians in
Kansas. I am sure no one will have any ob-
jection to it. and it will take but a moment.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope that bill will be
passed at once.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is Senate bill No.
353. I ask unanimous consent to take it up
at this time.
By unanimous consent the bill (S. No. 353)
for the relief of the trustees and stewards of the
mission church of the Wyandotte Indians was
read a second time and considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. It is in these words:
Be itenacted, &c.. Til,'it for refunding to Jacob White-
Crow, John Sarrahass, and others, trustees and stew-
ards of the Wyandotte and Quindaro mission of the
Kansas conference of the Methodist Episeopalehurch,
for the destruction of their church buildings and
library, $0,000, to be applied in rebuilding said build-
ings and inclosing the graveyards of the Wyandotte
Indians in the State of Kansas.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move to amend the
bill by striking out "$0,000" and inserting
" $4,680." I will state to the Senate, and that
explains all there is in the case, that two
churches belonging to these Indians were de-
stroyed by the border ruffians of Kansas. We,
by treaty, were bound to pay any damages com-
mitted upon Indian property. The one church,
a brick church, was appraised at, $3,000; the
other church and the library at $1,680. The
member of the committee reporting the bill
included another item in relation to a parson-
age, about which there is a question, and the
committee were not willing to press it upon
the consideration of the Senate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It has been suggested
to me that the usual appropriating clause is not
contained in the bill. I move, therefore, to
insert after the word "dollars," in line seven,
the words "be and is hereby appropriated out
of any money in the Treasury of the United
States not otherwise appropriated."
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The bill was ordered to be
engrossed for a third reading, and was read
the third time and passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
_ A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Li.orD, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had con-
curred in the report of the committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendments of the Senate to
the joint resolution (H. R. No. 77) for the re-
lief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cor-
nish, for carrying the United States mail from
Boise City to Idaho City, in the Territory of
Idaho.
The message also announced that the House
