1488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
1 hope, for the credit of the country and of th'e
officers, that these various imputations are not
true. I do not know that any of them are true.
I have not been sufficiently familiar with the
transactions of the Indian Bureau to know the
facts in regard to these various charges that I
have heard ever since I have been connected
with public life ; but I suppose, having heard
so much, there must be something in this; and
whether there is or not, I think it important
that we should have some check upon the par-
ties who disburse our money. We have these
checks in all the other departments of Govern-
ments,- so that if a dishonest man obtains a
position, his accounts are overlooked by Some-
body else.' The object of these checks is to
make it difficult for a dishonest man to prac-
ticc his dishonesty without detection. We do
not seem to have any such system of cheeks in
our conduct of Indian affairs.
Mr. President, it is one of the very difficult
problems to know how to deal with these Indian
tribes. The Government of the United States
has been disposed to treat them as wards, as
children dependent upon it, and we have un-
dertaken to provide for them, and to preserve
peace among them. We have not been very
fortunate in this, and I question very much
whether our whole policy in regard_ to the
Indians in making what we call treaties with
them is not wrong, and whether we ought not
to take them under our care, and by legislation,
without attempting to get up treaties in any
shape, bring them within our jurisdiction, and
extend our laws over them. However, that is
not the policy of the Government, and unless
we change the policy, it is desirable to perfect
it, and have the Indian laws fairly adminis-
tered.
Here was a proposition to have five super-
vising boards in no way connected with the
Indian Bureau. I insisted upon it in commit-
tee that these boards should not be dependent at
all upon the Indian Bureau ; should havo no con-
nection with the Commissioner of Indian Af-
fairs, or the superintendents or the agents, but
they -should go out independent, handle no
money, simply seeing whether the laws of the
United States relating to the Indians are ex-
ecuted, whether the agents do their duty,
whether the superintendents do their duty,
whether the Indians get what the Government
proposes to give them, whether in money or
m supplies of any kind, farming utensils, or
whatever else we agree to furnish the Indians
with.
It involves some expense ; $50,000, it is said,
will be the annual expense. Sappose it to be
$50,000 or $60,000; we pay out millions to
these people, and if a tithe of the rumors which
are in circulation in regard to the squandering
of the money appropriated by the Government
for the benefit of the Indians be true, we shall
save more than it all the very first year. I
thought, in consideration of these constant com-
plaints in regard to the administration of this
branch of the public service that it was desir-
able <o inaugurate some system that would re-
lieve the officers charged with the execution of
these, laws from these imputations if they wore
honest, and would remove and bring to justice
those who were dishonest. Therefore I gave
my assent to the bill.
There were some of the features of the bill
that did not entirely meet my approbation. I
have, however, no special objection to them.
I thought it might be difficult to carry some of
them into practical cffect; but I favored the
design of the bill. I allude now particularly
to the provision that one of these inspectors
shall be selected from the number to be recom-
mended by the various religious denominations.
The idea is a good one, and if it can be carried
' out it is very desirable. You would then have
a person appointed, not by reason of his belong-
ing to any particular party, or as a reward for
political service, but a person who should be
selected by some of the religious denominations.
If it can be carried into effect I think it a very
good provision. If these religious associations
which meet annually in the United States would
designate some suitable person among their
number as a fit person to go among the Indians,
who are really the subjects of our bounty, whom
we are trying to civilize and Christianize as well
as to protect, I have no doubt he might accom-
plish much good. I shall, therefore, make no
objection to that provision in the bill. I am in
favor of it if it can be made practicable, and I
do not know but that it can be; a majority of
the committee thought it could.
Mr. RAMSEY. Years since the adminis-
tration of Indian affairs was in the hands of
the War Office, and I am convinced that it is
the interest of the Government to return to
that system so soon as can be done, and in
this I mean no reflection upon the administra-
tion on the part of the honorable Secretary
of the Interior or the Commissioner of Indian
Affairs, both honorable and most excellent offi-
cers ; but the difficulties that all complain of
are inherent in the present system.
I think that in this bill we should take a step
in the right direction—toward the better sys-
tem for the government of Indian affairs. I
would, then, sir, suggest to the honorable
chairman of the Committee on Indian Affairs,
for I do not desire to interfere with his bill,
but I would suggest whether these boards con-
sisting of three members should not be com-
posed in whole of officers of the Army de-
tailed for this service.
By reason of the conclusion of the war a
large number of intelligent, honest, and effi-
cient officers can be spared from the service,
and tliey should be used in this.
The presence of military men, their prestige,
their very uniforms, would inspire confidence
among the Indians and assure them that their
rights would be protected, while upon the
other hand the high sense of honor that gov-
erns our military gives the assurance that the
interests of the Government and people will
be cared for.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. My honorable friend
from Minnesota will remember that one of
these inspectors is to be an officer of the reg-
ular Army detailed for the purpose. The Army
is represented in this board; but, sir, the Army
in their dealing with the Indians need to be
looked after just as much as the agents. Some
of these lieutenants and captains in command
in the Indian country are excellent, prudent,
wise, sagacious young men. Sometimes, how-
ever, they are of a different character. They
need a board to look after and report upon
them; and I think it is desirable to have not
only the Army represented in the board inspect-
ing what the Indian agents may do, but to have
some one not connected with the Army inspect-
ing what the Army officers do. I wish to have
an inspection upon them both, both by Army
officers and by civilians, and I desire to embrace
the good of both. I think there is good in
both.
Mr. President, the question of transferring
this Indian Bureau to the War Department is
not involved in this bill. That is a question
which has been up for consideration both in
the joint committee on Indian affairs and in
our committee of the Senate, and it is a ques-
tion upon which the committee have not yet
reported, nor come to a final determination as
to how they will report; but the question
whether the bureau shall subsequently be put
into the War Department or retained in the
Interior Department is not at all involved in
the bill now pending before the Senate. I hope
that the bill may pass in its present shape.
Mr. SHERMAN. The objection that I have
to the bill is not so much to the expense that
is involved in it—that is at most but $60,000
for the pay of the officers provided for by the
bill—but the bill itself provides for machinery
which will involve many times the expenditure
of the mere salaries mentioned in it. The bill
authorizes these commissioners to summon
witnesses. Who is to summon them? As a
matter of course, marshals and constables, or
some officers of that kind. No provision is
made for them. How are those witnesses to
be examined? Where are they to appear? At
what places and times are these commissioners
to hold courts where complaints are to be heard ?
This is the beginning of a system to extend over
the Indians a quasi judicial authority. There
are no times specified for courts to be held, no
places, and no officers to examine witnesses.
When these witnesses are summoned they must
be paid for their time and paid mileage. You
have the judges of courts without the machinery
of courts. You propose to pay these judges a
higher salary than is paid to district judges of
the courts of the United States. It is well known
that the courts of the United States cost about
one million dollars a year, while the entire sal-
ary of the judges probably is not one hundred
thousand. If these are to be quasi judicial
tribunals, as it seems .they are, these things
should be provided for in the bill; if they are
not, then what is the use of them?
There are two complaints made about our
Indian system, and I have heard them ever
since I have been a member of Congress. One
is, that our treaty-making system is a farce ;
the other is, that these agents have no one to
watch over them and control them. A white
man is appointed an Indian agent in a remote
section of the country. There arc no courts to
supervise his action; no one to protect the In-
dians from his action, and he is master of all
he surveys. If he can make terms with the
chiefs, as a matter of course he controls the
Indians. The annuities are paid over to a few;
and there is no control over the Indian agents
provided for by this bill exeept, the power of
suspension. What does an Indian agent eare
for that power of suspension ? There are no
criminal penalties provided in this bill for the
punishment of Indian agents. If there were,
how are they to be executed and enforced?
There are no courts out there, and consequently
they cannot be enforced by courts. If you pro-
pose to make now a board of officers at high
compensation to superintend these mattters,
why not give them criminal jurisdiction ? Why
not provide that if an agent cheats the Indians
he shall be punished by imprisonment? You
do not empower this board to inflict punish-
ments. It seems to me, therefore, the pro-
visions of the bill, if intended to exercise a
quasi judicial authority over the tribes, is not
a perfect one.
After all it seems to me the truly radical ob-
jection to our system of treating the Indians is
the attempt to treat them as foreign nations,
making treaties with them precisely as we do
with England, France, and other foreign na-
tions. Until that idea is abandoned, you can-
not make any regular system for these Indian
tribes. I do not wish to commit myself against
voting for this bill because I have desired to be
liberal in providing for the Indians, but it
seems to me this bill does not go far enough.
I would also say as a verbal criticism that in
limiting the salary it ought to be provided that
the salary shall cover all expenses and mileage,
so that there shall be no claim for expenses of
traveling. Four thousand dollars a year for
an agent of this kind, unless it is intended to
cover all his expenses, would be out of pro-
portion to other officers of this character. That
can, however, be amended.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is not intended by
the bill to give this board a judical power over
the Indian tribes. It authorizes them to sum-
mon witnesses and to swear them by way of
investigating the conduct of Indian affairs.
Mx-. CRESWELL. I desire to put a question
to the chairman of the committee, and as he
now has the floor he can answer it probably
together with the points that the Senator from
Ohio has made. I see in the second section
of the bill there is a direction that the third
member of the board of inspection is "to be
annually appointed by the President, by and
with the advice and consent of the Senate, from
Rmong such persons as may be recommended
by the annual meetings or conventions of the
religious societies or denominations of the Uni-
ted States as suitable persons to act upon said
boards." Although Ihavethehighest opinion
for the recommendations thatthese associationa
