THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
Mr. TRUMBULL. I will modify it in that
form by withdrawing the last clause.
Mr. HENDERSON. The Senator will reach
it by striking out the clause " or removal for
acts done," &c.
Mr. CLARK, (to Mr. Trumbull.) Move to
strike out and insert your original proposition.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Yes, sir; I will move
to strike out the amendment as it now stands
and insert the original proposition as printed:
Sec. —. And he it further enacted, That no person
exercising or performing, or undertaking to exercise
or perform, the duties of any office which by law is
required to be filled by the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall before confirmation by the Senate re-
ceive any salary or compensation for his services,
unless such person be commissioned by the President
to fill up a vacancy which has happened by death,
resignation, or expiration of term, during the recess
of the Senate and since its last adjournment.
Is the pending amendment now under my
control? If it is I withdraw it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not,
having been amended by the Senate.
Mr. SHERMAN. Before the question is
put, I wish to show the precise legal meaning
of this amendment. The Senator has read it,
and I ask him to say whether in case of removal
after the adjournment of the Senate, the amend-
ment would not still prevent payment to the
officer who takes the place of the person re-
moved. Undoubtedly it does, and therefore
it is subject to all the arguments that were
■urged against it yesterday. The amendment
as it now stands only provides that in case of
a vacancy caused by death, resignation, or
expiration of term during the session of the
Senate, the President shall have the power to
fill the vacancy; but if the vacancy happens by
a removal'made during a recess of the Senate,
then the person who is appointed to fill the
vacancy, under the amendment as it now stands
could receive no compensation until the Senate
acts upon his nomination. It is therefore sub-
ject to all the objections I have named, and
indeed more, because the Senator, in order to
obviate some of the objections named endeav-
ored to qualify the amendment by providing
for certain eases of removal for cause. But
take the case of a defaulter who is removed
after the adjournment of the Senate, and some
one is appointed to fill his vacancy ; that is not
a vacancy caused by death, resignation, or
expiration of term, but it is a vacancy caused
by removal for cause. In such a case as that,
the ineumbent who is legally appointed to a
vacancy caused by a removal would not be able
to draw his salary. I therefore trust that the
Senator from Illinois will adopt the suggestion
of the Senator from Missouri, and withdraw
this amend meut, and let the subject be referred
to the committee of which he is chairman, to
frame a law on the subject. There is no dif-
ficulty in doing so. This amendment is still
subject to all the objections that have be.en
made to it.
Mr. TRUMBULL._ I have two answers to
the Senator from Ohio. The first is, that there
is no such thing as a vacancy in the case that
he speaks of. A removal is not made and a
vacancy occasioned, and then a person ap-
pointed ; the President does not remove and
then appoint, but he appoints to the office, and
until the man is commissioned and qualified,
the office is not vacant. That is the way where
the removal is made by the appointment of a
new man. It is not dons by removingan officer
and leaving the position vacant. Now, where
a nomination is sent to the Senate—and it is
occurring here every day—A B is nominated
for marshal in one of the districts of Ohio in
place of C D removed. The Senator from Ohio
is aware that C D goes on exercising the duties
of that office, and is not o.ut of the office until
A B is confirmed and gets his iCoraxnissiom and
qualifies: and does not turn over th« papers of
his oflice until then. The removal is e<sn«e-
quent on the confirmation and acceptance of
the. office by his successor. If we reject the
new, the old marshal continues and is not Out
of office at all. That is an occurrence which
happens here daily. That is not a vacancy
contemplated by the Constitution.
It is the same way in the recess of the Sen-
ate. Suppose the President thinks proper to
remove the postmaster at Cincinnati. How
does he do it? By the appointment of another
person to that position, and the man in the
position at Cincinnati continues to exercise the
duties until his successor is commissioned and
qualified, and then the papers are turned over
to him. In the case of post offices, the Post
Office Department—I think there is a law to
that effect; I am not very familiar with the
statutes on thaf subject—have a way of sending
out a special agent, sometimes without any
appointment at all as postmaster, to take charge
of the office; butthemode of creating a vacancy
by removal is by the appointment of another
person to the office. That is the practice. That
is one answer that I have to make to the sug-
gestion of the Senator.
In answer to the suggestion which has been
made during all this discussion in reference
to this measure, that it should not go on an
appropriation bill, but that we should have
a general bill on this subject, I beg leave to
say that no such bill will ever become a law.
That is very clear, and everybody, I think, in
the Senate must be fully aware of it. There
are differences of opinion upon that subject
which I am quite satisfied would prevent the
enactment of a law. The Senator from Maine
is for such a statute made perfect so that he
could vote for it; but when it was perfected
and made perfect so that the Senator from
Maine could vote for it there would be a great
many members of the Senate, I apprehend,
who would not vote for it in that shape. I have
had some conversation with Senators, and I
am quite aware, I think, from the conversa-
tions I have had, that no general bill limiting
and defining the power of removal from office
by the President would receive even the sanc-
tion of a majority of the Senate, and if it did
of a majority I am quite sure it would not of
two thirds, and unless it had two thirds there
would bo very little probability of its ever
becoming a law.
The constitutional question is not involved
in the payment of an officer. Every one ad-
mits—the Senator from Ohio admits—that we
may control the money of the Government;
that we may appropriate to the payment of
officers what we please, and when we please.
I believe the practice of the Government is to
pay most of its officers quarterly. I am not
sure about that, whether all the salaries are
paid quarterly or annually. This provision
that is proposed would not prevent the salary
from being paid annually. It would prevent
the salary from being paid for a short time.
As the law now stands I think it will he found
that salaries are never paid oftener than quar-
terly. Perhaps I ought not to say never; but
I think the general practice of the Government
is to pay salaries quarterly. I may be in error,
though, in reference to that. I am not sure
what the period is, but if it is quarterly they
have to wait three months for it, and the long-
est recess that ever takes place 
Mr. FESSENDEN. Some are paid monthly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Are the judges paid
monthly ?
Mr. SHERMAN. All revenue officers are
paid monthly, and postmasters quarterly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. How are foreign min-
isters paid ?
Mr. SUMNER. Quarterly.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand foreign
ministers are paid quarterly and postmasters
quarterly. I presumed that was the general law,
though I had not referred to it recently with a
view of ascertaining how that might be. The
longest possible period they would have to wait
would be nine months. The average period
when Congress is not in session is not over six
months ; and takingthe average, it is possible,
if an officer was appointed the day after Con-
gress adjourned, that he might have to wait
three quarters for his salary instead of waiting
one quarter. That would be no very great
hardship upon any one. As the law now stands,
he may have to wait a quarter for his salary;
so that the proposition, in the form in which it
is pending, involves no constitutional question
whatever. It is certainly competent for Con-
gress, if it thinks proper, to declare that all
salaries shall be paid annually or semi-annually.
Would the Senator from Ohio think that a very
great hardship ? I do not suppose there would
be any great controversy if a proposition was
made in the Senate to pay salaries every six
months or every nine months instead of every
three months, if it was found more convenient
in the transaction of the business of the Gov-
ernment.
That is all that this proposition amounts to,
and the object had in view is simply to obtain
the advice and consent of the Senate upon
these appointments, which is the spirit of the
Constitution. The intention of the framers of
the Constitution was that officers should be
appointed by the President, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate. Whenever
that is not done, it is an exceptional case.
There are some exceptional eases. What are
they ? They are cases where vacancies happen
during the recess of the Senate. It is not pro-
posed by this amendment to interfere with those
exceptional cases. The framers of the Con-
stitution thought tbey were the only cases it
was necessary to except from the general rule
which they prescribed for the appointment of
officers, which was by the action of the Presi-
dent and the Senate conjointly. That is all
there is to this amendment. I have no sort of
feeling about it. As I believe I have once
before remarked, I was led to take some part
in it in consequence of the amendment first
proposed by the Senator from Missouri, and in
endeavoring to aid in perfecting that amend-
ment. It is for the Senate to determine.
Mr. SHERMAN. I certainly will not pro-
longthis debate, because nothingnew is elicited
by it. I will simply refer to the last point
stated by the Senator from Illinois, that this
does not operate as a great hardship. It does
operate as a great hardship. For instance,
suppose the Senate should consider the nomi-
nation subsequently, when it is before them,
and should reject it, then the man is without
his pay entirely, and we have the spectacle of
a public officer holding an office, performing
the duties of that office, and getting no pay.
Take the case of a Cabinet minister. Under
this provision, if a man is appointed a Cabinet
minister during the recess, he cannot get any
pay until we meet at the next session, with a
prospect over him of being rejected. A poor
man could not hold the office, requiring a large
expenditure. It is not the mere delay of pay-
ment. If it was certain that^he would get the
pay whe 1 the Senate acted, he might possibly
borrow the money and pay his expenses; but
this amendment provides that no money shall
be paid out of the funds appropriated unless
he shall bo confirmed by the Senate. That
certainly is a great hardship, for a man to hold
an office the pay of which is contingent on the
action of a political body.
Then again the Senator says that the amend-
ment, as it now stands, does not effect any-
thing more than to prevent the President from
unconstitutionally filling a vacancy that occurs
during the session of the Senate. That cer-
tainly is not the meaning of it. It provides
that if a vacancy is caused by any other reason
than death, resignation, or expiration of term,
it shall not befilled until the incumbent is con-
firmed. Take the common case of a removal.
Suppose after this session is closed the Presi-
dent, should see fit, for good cause, to remove
an officer. He may remove him. That is one
act. He may appoint another. That is an-
other £ict
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is that ever done?
Mr. SHERMAN. I cannot say that it is
ever done, but the act of removal and the act
of appointment arc separate and distinct things.
It is the usual practice to appoint a new in-
eumbent when you make a vacancy; but the
vacancy may be made and then the new appoint-
ment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That was the very point.
