8
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 22,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39tii Cons. ... 1st Sess.
of the 20th of December, Hardie evacuated the
city, and, with a large part of his garrison, es-
caped under cover of darkness. The United
States troops entered the city early in the morn-
ing of the 21st of December. 'Immense quan-
tities of arms, ammunition, ordnance, and mili-
tary stores were captured, and the cotton that
fell into our hands amounted in value to many
million dollars.
While General Sherman's army was march-
ing south from Atlanta to the sea-coast therebel
army under Hood, strongly reenforced, w&s
moving north, threatening Tennessee. The
task of encountering this formidable foe, and
defending the border States from invasion, was
intrusted to Major General George H. Thomas,
who was ably assisted by his second in com-
mand, Major General Schofield. In his report
General Thomas says:
"I found myself confronted by the army which,, un-
der General J. E. Johnston, had so skillfully resisted
the advance of the whole active army of the military
division of the Mississippi from Dalton to the Chatta-
hoocho, reenforced by a well-equipped and enthusi-
astic cavalry command of over 12,U00men, led by one
of the -boldest and most successful cavalry command-
ers in the rebel army. My information from all
sources confirmed the reported strength of Hood's
army to be from forty to forty-five thousand infantry
and from twelve to fifteen thousand cavalry. My
effective force at this time consisted of the Fourth
corps, about 12,000, under Major General D. S. Stan-
ley; the Twenty-third corps, about 10,000, under Maj or
General Schofield; Hatcher's division of cavalry,
about 4,000; Croxton's brigade, 2,500; and Capron's
bui?ade, of about 1,200. The balance of my force was
distnbuted along the railroad, and posted at Mur-
freesboro\ Stevenson, Bridgeport, Huntsvillc, Deca-
tur, and Chattanooga, to keep open our communica-
tions and hold tho posts above named, if attacked,
until they could bo reenforced, as up to this time it
was impossible to determine which course Ilood would
take, auvanco on Nashville or turn toward Hunts-
vide. Under these circumstances it was manifestly
best to act on the defensive until sufficiently leon-
imved to.justify taking tho offensive. On the 12th of
November communication with General Sherman
wsis severed, tho last dispatch from him leaviner Car-
ter.-villc, Georgia, at twenty-five minutes past two
o'clock p. m. on that date. He had started on his
great expedition from Atlanta to the seaboard, leav-
ing mo to guard Tennessee, or to pursue tho enemy if
ho followed tho commanding general's column. It
was, therefore, with considerable anxiety that we
watched tho force at B'lorence, to discover whatcourse
they would pursue with regard to General Sherman's
movements, determining thereby whether the troops
under my command, numbering less than half those
under Hood, were to act on the defensive in Tennes-
see, or take the offensive in Alabama."
When the possibility of Ilood following Sher-
man was over, General Thomas took measures
to act on the defensive. Kcenforcements of
new regiments were hurried forward to him by
the Governors of the western States. All troops
fit for any military duty were collected and sent
forward from the hospitals; absentees on leave
were called in; the employ6s in the quarter-
master' s department were armed and organized
for duty in the intrenchments, and two divis-
ions of veteran infantry, under command of
General A. J. Smith, that had been serving on
the Red river, and afterward in Missouri, were
pushed forward to G eneral Thomas. By these
means his forces were speedily swelled, when
concentrated, to an army nearly as large as
that of the enemy. The public property and
garrisons were drawn in from exposedpositions
and points not required to be held, the fortifi-
cations of Nashville were strengthened, and
every preparation was made for a struggle of
no ordinary magnitude. Hood advanced to
Columbia, where his attempt to cross Duck
creek was checked for a while by General Scho-
field, who repulsed the enemy many times with
heavy loss. Schofield's main force in front of
Columbia was withdrawn on the night of the
2Dtli of November, and a position taken at
Franklin on the morning of the 30th. Here
took place one of the most fierce and bloody
battles of the war.
"The enemy,"
says General Thomas in his report,
*' followed closely after General Schofield's rear-
guard m the retreat to Franklin, and upon coming up
with the main force, formed rapidly and advanced to
assault our works, repeating attack after attack dur-
ing the entire afternoon, and as late as ten p. m. his
efforts to break our lines were continued. General
Schofield's position was excellently chosen, with both
flanks resting on the river, and his men firmly held
their ground against an overwhelming enemy, who
was repulsed in every assault along the whole line.
Our loss, ?s given by General Schofield in his report,
transmitted herewith, (and to which I respectfully
refer,) is 189 killed, 1,033 wounded, and 1,104 missing,
making an aggregate of 2,326. We captured and sent
to Nashville 702 prisoners, including 1 general offi-
cer and 33 stands of colors. Major General D. S.
Stanley, commanding F.ourth corps, was severely
wounded at Franklin while engaged in rallying a
portion of his command which had been temporarily
overpowered by an overwhelming attack of the en-
emy. At the time of the battle the enemy's loss was
known to be severe, and was estimated at 5,000. The
exact figures were only obtained, however, on the re-
occupation of Franklin by our forces, after the bat-
tles of December 15 and 16, at Brentwood Hills, near
Nashville, and are given as follows: buried upon the
field, 1,750; disabled and placed in hospital at Frank-
lin, 3,800; which, with the 702 prisoners already re-
ported, makes an aggregate loss of 6,252, among whom
were 0 general officers killed, (5 wounded, and 1 cap-
tured. The important results of this signal victory
cannot be too highly appreciated; for it not only se-
riously checked the enemy's ad vancc, andgaveGeneral
'Schofield time to remove his troops and all his prop-
erty to Nashville, but it also caused deep depression
amom* the men of Hood's army, making them doubly
cautious in their subsequent movements."
On the night after the battle of Franklin,
General Schofield, by the direction of Gen-
eral Thomas, fell back to Nashville, in front of
which city, on the heights, aline ofbattlewas
formed by noon of the 1st of December. Hood's
army appeared before Nashville on the 2d of
December. The intense severity of the weather
prevented operations for several days. Both
armies were ice-bound for a week previous to
the 14th of December, when the weather mod-
erated, and General Thomas, having completed
his preparations, issued orders for battle the
ensuing day. At an early hour on the morn-
ing of the 15th of December, General Thomas
moved against Hood's army. The battle was
furiously contested until nightfall. *
"The total result was the capture of 16 pieces of
artillery and 1,200 prisoners, besides several hundred
stand of small arms and about forty wagons. Tho en-
emy had been forced back at all points, with heavy
loss, and our casualties were unusually light. The
behavior of the troops was unsurpassed for steadiness
and alacrity in every movement, and the original
plan of battle, with but few alterations, was strictly
adhered to. Tho whole command bivouackcd inline
oi battle during the night on the ground occupied at
dark, while preparations were made to renew the bat-
tle at an early hour oil the morrow."
The battle was renewed on tho 10th, at six
o'clockin the morning. Atthreeo'elock in the
afternoon the enemy's strong position on Over-
ton's Hill was assaulted by the Fourth corps.
"Immediately following the effort of the Fourth
corps, Gonerals Smith's and Schofield's commands
moved against the enemy's works in their respective
fronts, carrying all before them, irreparably breaking
his lines in a dozen places, and capturing all his artil-
lery and thousands of prisoners, among the latter four
general ofiiccrs. Our loss wasremorkably small, scarce-
ly mcntionablc. All of the enemy that did escape were
pursued over tho topsot Brentwood or Harpoth Hills.
General Wilson's cavalry dismounted, attacked tho
enemy simultaneously with Schofield audSmith,strik-
ing him in reverso, and, gaining firm possession of
Granny White Pike, cut off his retreat by that route.
Wood's and Stcedman's troops, hearing the shouts of
victory coming from the right, rushed impetuously
forward, renewing the assault on Overton's Ilill, and
although meeting a very heavy fire, the onset was irre-
sistible, artillery and innumerable prisoners tailing
into our hands. The enemy, hopelessly broken, fled
in confusion through the Brentwood Pass, the Fourth
corps in a close pursuit, which was continued lor sev-
eral miles, when darkness closed the scene, and the
troops rested from their labors. During the two days'
operations there were 4,462 prison ers captured, includ-
ing 287 olhcers ot all grades irom tb at«of major general,
53 pieces of artillery, and thousands of small-arms.
The enemy abandoned on the field all of his dead and
wounded."
At the battle of Nashville Hood's army,
which at one time was considered the best drilled
and most formidable rebel force set on foot
during the war, disappeared as an army organi-
zation. Commanded successively by Bragg,
Johnston, and Hood, many bloody fields proved
the courage of the soldiers and the skill of its
commanders. The shattered fragments of this
army were pursued from Nashville to the Ten-
nessee river by the main forces of G-eneral
Thomas, and were followed and harassed for
two hundred miles by detached commands. In
his report General Thomas remarks:
''To Colonel Paliner and his command is acoordcd
the credit of giving Hood's army the last blow of the
campaign, at a distance of over two hundred miles
from where we first struck the enemy on the 15th of
December, near Nashville."
AVhat troops escaped from the pursuit were
afterward united with other fragments of rebel
forces under G-eneral Johnston, and finally laid
down their arms to General Sherman at Raleigh.
While the events that have been mentioned
were transpiring in the main armies, other mil-
itary operations of less magnitude, but contrib-
uting to the general result by harassing and
weakening the enemy, were in progress. A
large rebel force, under John Morgan, invaded
Kentucky, and was defeated by General Bur-
bridge in a severe engagement at Cynthiana on
the 12th day of June. John Morgan was sur-
prised and killed, and his staff captured by
General Gillem on the 4th day of September,
1864. In the month of November a rebel expe-
dition, under Breckinridge, Duke, and Vaughn,
was repulsed by General Ammen, and driven
from East Tennessee. An expedition, under
General Stoneman and General Burbridge,
penetrated to Saltville, in southwestern Vir-
ginia, destroyed tlie works at that place, broke
up-the railroads, and inflicted great destruction
upon the enemy's supplies and communications.
After the withdrawal of our troops from the
Red river, a large rebel force advanced under
Sterling Price into Kansas, and penetrated
thence into the department of the Missouri.
But they were at length driven back with heavy
loss.
Other military operations, of greater or less
magnitude, occurred during the year—soma
attended with disaster, some with brilliant
success. Of the former class were Kilpatrick's
raid against Richmond; the capture of Plymouth
and its garrison, at the commencement of the
year, by the rebels under Hoke; the defeat of
the expedition from Memphis, under General
Sturgis; the capture of Fort Pillow by Chal-
mers and Forrest; and Stoneman's expedition
to Andersonville. On the other hand, tha
raids of Grierson from Memphis, in Decem-
ber, of Stoneman and Burbridge into Virginia,
of Wilson into Alabama, inflicted sore distress
upon tho enemy, and brought the rebels to a
solemn sense of the sufferings caused to them-
selves by the war they had undertaken against
their Government.
At the commencement of the year 1865 all
hearts were more anxious than ever to bring
the war to a speedy close. Every preparation
to that end was made by the Department, and
by the military commanders in the field. Ade-
quate appropriations were voted and new pop-
ular loans authorized by Congress. Further
measures for recruiting the Army, prompted
by experience, were enacted. A new draft for
half a million men was put into prompt ex-
ecution. The State Executives renewed their
labors in calling for volunteers. The people
responded to the demands of the occasion, and
rapid recruitment began in all the States, and
was at its height when Richmond fell. Troops
were at that time being raised, organized, armed,
and equipped as fast as they could be conven-
iently transported to the field. To the coming
campaigns through the Carolinas and in Vir-
ginia all eyes looked for a speedy and decisive
result that should end the war. The military
position is thus stated by the Lieutenant Gen-
eral:
" In March, 1865, General Canby was moving an
adequate force against Mobile and the ormy defend-
ing it, under General l)iek Taylor; Thomas was
pushin? out two largo and well-appointed cavalry
expeditions—one from Middle Tennessee, under
Brevet Major General Wilson, asrainst the enemy's
vital points in Alabama; the other from EastTen-
nobsee, under Major General Stoneman. toward
Lynchburg—and assembling the remainder of t his
available forces, preparatory to offensive operations
from East Tennessee; General Sheridan's cavalry
was at White House; the armies of the Potomac and
James were confronting the enemy under lee in his
defenses of Richmond and Petersburg; General
Sherman, with his armies, reenforced by that of
General Schofield, was at Goldsboro'; General Pope
was making preparations for a spring campaign
against the enemy under Kirby Smith and Price,
west of the Mississippi; and General Hanoock was
i concentrating a force in the vicinity of Winchester,
