1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
2449-
that I made, that the vacancy is not made
until the new incumbent is appointed. Is not
that the universal practice? And the vacancy
docs not occur if the new appointment fails to
he confirmed.
Mr.'SHERMAN. The Constitution provides
very clearly that the President shall have power
to fill up vacancies that may happen during the
i:ecess of the Senate. The vacancy must first
happen, but how? This amendment points out
three ways by which it may happen—death,
resignation, or expiration of term. All of them
must be before the appointment. Now, add to
that the other cause of vacancy, a removal 
Jill-. TRUMBULL. Is that a vacancy?
Mr. SHERMAN. Certainly, it is a vacancy
caused by removal: so that it seems to me we
ought not to deceive ourselves with the lan-
guage. Indeed the proposition as it now stands
is broader than it was before, when we voted
upon it yesterday ; that is, it does not provide
for the case of a removal for cause. I hope we
shall come to a vote upon it and vote it down.
Mr. STEWART. 1 think I understand the
point intended to be made by the Senator from
Illinois, but 1 do not think it is well taken. He
says that an appointment to fill the place of an
officer removed is not an appointment to fill a
vacancy, for the reason that the vacancy does
not occur until after the appointment has been
confirmed, ifl understand him correctly. Now,
I submit that the President cannot fill the office
.unless a vacancy-'occurs at the same time, be-
cause if the incumbent remains in the office the
appointee cannot fill that office. Then he is
appointed for the purpose of filling a vacancy
•which shall occur, although it may not be in
existence at that particular moment, by reason
of removal which is to take place. 1 do not
think it matters whether that vacancy exists
in prcesenti, or whether it is to be created by a
subsequent removal; the practical operation is
the same, so far as I can see.
Mr. SUMNER. There seems to be an abuse
that has grown up recently which all have
recognized in the course of this debate, and I
believe there is no one who is not willing to
apply a remedy; I mean the irregular exorcise
of the appointing power by the President
during the recess of the Senate; and there
are at least two different classes of cases in
which thatirregular application of the appoint-
ing power appears. The first class is where
offices have been leftvacantby the Senate at the
time of its adjournment, and yet the President
after the adjournment has proceedc-d to fill them
up. It is a mild expression to say that the
course of the President under such circum-
stances is irregular. I insist that it is pos-
itively wrong, that.it is a departure from his
duties, and an infringement of the rights of
the Senate as a coordinate branch of the Gov-
ernment. All will agree that that class of
cases may be treated under the head of abuse.
I insist that it is our duty if possible to apply
a remedy. I think all who hear me will agree
that it is our duty if possible to apply a remedy.
Then there is another class of cases, and
that is, where the President, to gratify, perhaps,
a party spirit, without adequate cause, without
any malfeasance or misfeasance, undertakes to
create a vacancy. We feel that that course is
at least irregular, and that it is an abuse.
Now, I take it wc are all disposed to apply
a remedy to these two classes of cases, and
the question is how we are to reach them.
There are two ways proposed. One is by a
bill which shall undertake to regulate the whole
subject of removals and sceurc to the Senate
its share in that power ; in other words, secure
to the Senate the same power over removals
which it has over appointments, and it is in-
sisted that that is constitutional. Sir, T am
disposed to agree with those who insist that
the Senate ought to have a share in the power
over removals. When Senators, however, go
further and say that in endeavoring to apply a
remedy forthe abuses to which I have referred,
we should wait for the passage of that bill,
I must be permitted to say that I cannot join
39tii Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 154.
them. _ I am not willing to postpone a .remedy
for existing abuses to so distant a day.
The general bill which it is proposed to
introduce, and which my excellent friend from
Missouri has in charge, and which we know
has been commended by a distinguished citi-
zen not in public life, Mr. Hamilton, of New
York, in a pamphlet which is on some of our
tables, raises a great question of constitutional
law which has been under discussion from the
days of Washington. I know not how the
Senate, even after debate, in our day and under
the pressure of recent events, will be disposed
to pass upon it. It is a great question, 1 say ;
a question of constitutional law. Do not, sir,
postpone the remedy for existing abuses till
the final decision of that great question. When
that bill is introduced, I, for one, shall be ready
to meet it and discuss it at all points, whether
on grounds of constitutional law or on grounds
of expediency ; but I am unwilling that a case
of practical duty shall be postponed thus in-
definitely ; and that brings me to the precise
question before the Senate, what shall wo do ?
Why, sir, act at once and according to the
best of our ability in order to apply the remedy
to the abuses which I ha«e indicated.
And, sir, what is the remedy which may be
applied? I insist that after ample discussion
in this Chamber we have substantially arrived at
the statement of law made in the proposition of
my friend from Illinois. I doubt if now we can
dobetterthan that. I believeif that be adopted
it will, to a certain extent, apply a remedy. 1
do not think the remedy will be complete; but
there will be something in it which will oper-
ate as a check upon the exercise of this irreg-
ular power by the President, and which will
help to remove those abuses that we all recog-
nize. i'or one, I am giad that the Senator
from Illinois has brought forward the proposi-
tion, and I hope that he will not now, at this
last moment, be a laggard. I hope that he
will persevere, and press it to a \ote. If the
Senate will not adopt it, then let the Senate
be responsible, as I shall think, for this aban-
donment of duty. I know that Senators may
hesitate because they may think it inexpedient,
or because tlicy think the remedy does not go
far enough ; but no one, as I understand, hes-
itates on" grounds of constitutional law. No
one doubts that the proposition of the Senator
from Illinois is in all respects completely con-
stitutional. It is said that certain inconven-
iences may grow out of it; but do net incon-
veniences, and more than inconveniences, grow
out of the system as we have it now? Not on
account of those inconveniences, not on ac-
count of anything which has been said in this
debate, can you hesitate. All that ynn are
called now to do is to take advantage of yojr
power over the purse-strings of the nation, it
belongs to you to say when an officer shall be
paid and when he shall not be paid. Nobody-
can doubt your constitutional power to that
extent. Take advantage of it, then, and in
that way, if in no other, place a proper limita-
tion upon this admitted abuse. It is on this
ground that I shall persevere with my excel-
lent friend from Illinois to the end in voting ;
for his proposition. i
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques- !
tion is on the amendment to the amendment. ]
Mr. SHERMAN. I suppose there is 110 1
objection to that. j
The amendment to the amendment was j
agreed to. |
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, on the amendment j
itself I ask for the yeas and nays. ^ 1
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The yeas ;
and najs hate already been ordered. :
Mr. "COWAN, i ask for the reading of the j
amendment, as amended. j
The Secretary read it, as follows: ;
Sec. —. And be it further enactcd, That no person i
exercising or performing, or undertaking to exercise I
or perform, the duties of any office which by law is [
required to be lined by the advice and consent of the j
Senate, shall, before confirmation by tho Senate, \
rcceive any salary or compensation for Ins services, !
unless such person be commissioned by the President :
to fill tip a vacancy which has hajrpened by death,
resignation, or expiration or term during tile recess
of the Senate and since its'last adjxmrnmeiit. ,";
Mr. CONNESS. I have not spoken on this,
subject since it has been before the Sena'te,-
and do not desire now to do more than explain
the vote I shall give. I have voted consist-
ently for the amendment offered and -as peiM
fected by the Senator from Illinois ; but in the!
shape in which it now is I think it is reason-.'
ably obnoxious to the objections made by the
Senator from Ohio, that great injury, and'
really a wrong that wc have not a right to per-
petrate, may result from its adoption, as
against persons appointed who would be en-
titled to the offices to which they were ap-
pointed, and to the salaries belonging to those
offices. The amendment would be particularly
severe as against sncli persons legitimately and
properly appointed on the Pacific coast. The
distance between that country and this makes
it already a matter of the greatest possible
inconvenience, often very serious hardship,
in regard to the payment of salaries due. In
the shape in which the amendment, stands, I
cannot conceive that there is enough to be
gained compared to the objections that are
properly, as I think, made to it. I should like
to still continue and vote for a proposition
which should regulate this question; and
whether others support such a proposition or
not, when properly prepared and brought
before tho Senate, as we are now promised
that it will be, it shall receive my vote and
support.
Mr. WILSON. I voted yesterday with great
reluctance for the reconsideration of this meas-
ure, because I did not desire to separate from
gentlemen in whose judgment I have great
confidence. My own judgment is that it is
unwise to press this measure upon this bill at
this time. I do not deem it wise to press it
for this reason: the member of tho Finance
Committee who has the care of this bill [Mr.
Sherman] is opposed to it. That gentleman
we all recognize here as one of our true and
reliable friends. The Senator from Maine, the
chairman of the Committee on Finance, ob-
jects to putting it upon this measure. Other
Senators, true and tried men, in whom we have
confidence, make this objection. It did not
seem to me wise to press this measure upon
this bill with a divided vote among our friends,
so I voted for reconsideration. I will go as
far as any member of tho Senate in the proper
legislation to correct a great abuse ; but we
have time enough to mature and act upon such
a bill, and if wc pass such a bill, and it fails to
become a law, there will be other bills upon
which this same proposition may be moved,
and upon which the Senate may put it with at
least as much propriety as upon this bill. I
believe that it is necessary that some action
should be had by the Congress for the pro-
tection of out- friends throughout tho United
States, and yet I do not entertain any great
apprehensions in regard to the political influ-
ence of the appointments which are made and
which arc threatened to be made.
A person going into an office, recognized as
a man of capacity and character, representing
the sentiments of the community in which he
lives, of those who have come into power, will
exercise a certain degree of influence; but the
putting in of a man against the sentiments of
the men who made this Administration, a man
who wears simply the collar of the Executive
and violates his faith, will have no other influ-
ence than to excite the scorn, contempt, and
indignation of the people. I tell Senators, and
I tell the President, that the American people
are in 110 condition to be bought or sold by
Government patronage, and I believe the use
of it for any such purpose will weaken whoever
undertakes to use it, whether in the executive
branch of the Government or in these Hulls.
1 believe that ninety-nine out of every "hundred
of the men who put this Administration in
power agree in principle and in policy, ana
I believe that any attempt to,use the offices -of
