1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
*4^
or meetings or conventions would make, I would
ask the chairman of the committee whether it
isnot a limitation upon the appointing jjower
of the President as given in the second para-
graph of the second section of the second arti-
cle of (he Constitution? It seems to me that if
these meetings were to take the matter in hand
by nominating just the number of persons who
should be appointed as the third commissioner
on these boards, they might assume the whole
appointing power, and the President would be
bound to appoint the persons whom they se-
lected. I do n«t know what has been the prac-
tice in regard to the suggestion of names in this
way to the President; but it seems to me that it
is a limitation upon the appointing power of the
President which is not in accordance with the
spirit of the Constitution. I should be glad to
hear the gentleman on that point.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It is analogous to some
of the laws which we pass from time to time
slating that persons shall be appointed to the
Army, for instance, after passing through a
certain examination. All such piovisions are
to a certain extent limitations on the power of
the President.
Mr. CRE8WELL. I think that is a differ-
ent question. That is only requiring that the
proper precaution should be taken to secure
competent persons.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. This is only another way
of arriving at the same thing. When you come
to the question of absolute power, what the
Supreme Court will decide upon'the constitu-
tionality of many of these laws I cannot say.
From time to time we have said that4>eforc a
person shall be appointed into the Army he
shall undergo a certain examination, and cer-
tain gentlemen shall report on his ease and find
him qualified to accept that office. Whether
that would be decided to be constitutional or
not, if the question were pressed, I do not
undertake to say. It is enough, I think, that
the legislative power expresses its opinion on
that subject to guide the action of the Execu-
tive in making these appointments. That is,
it seems to me, a suilicieut answer. I will not
say that 1 am perfectly clear in my judgment
whether, even with this clause in the bill, the
President would be absolutely bound by the
recommendation of those persons ; but it is a
legislative expression that we desire that these
appointments shall not be political; that we do
desire to have reference to these great religious
bodies in the country who feel an interest in
the condition of the Indians. Wo can say that
in this enactment, and it expresses our view in
relation to it. Whether absolutely and posi-
tively the President would be constitutionally
bound to make a nomination from those thus
recommended, I will not now undertake to
say.
A word now in reply to my honorable friend
from Ohio, who seems to see in this the begin-
ning of a judicial system. It seems to me there
is nothing of that kind in it. It is true it docs
authorize these persons to examine into Indian
affairs; and in order to examine into them,
when they go into these Territories, it clothes
therii with the power of summoning a witness
and swearing him. That is all there is of it.
That would not be attended svith any consider-
able expense.
Mr. SHERMAN. They arc authorized to
compel the attendance of witnesses. How can
they do that except they pay for sending out
marshals?
Mr. DQOTjTTTLE. The military are directed
to aid in compelling their attendance, for in
these far distant regions where they are beyond
the reach of civilization and where what author-
ity we have is a good deal under military con-
trol, if these agents find a matter to bo inves-
tigated into they can call on the military to
require persons to appear before them, and they
have power then to swear them and take their
testimony. The witnesses will be in the im-
mediate neighborhood where they want to ex-
amine a transaction, because they go themselves
all over these districts for the purpose of mak-
ing this very examination. That is all the ju-
39th Con«. 1st Sess.—No. 94.
dicial power there is confered in the fourth sec-
tion, and that is not judicial. It is giving the
powers of court commissioners to Indian agents
and these chief inspectors, so that they may bind
over a man for trial for an offense against the
United States; but there is no appropriation
involved in that, and no expense connected with
it at all.
The suggestion made by the honorable Sen-
ator from Ohio in relation to the salary of these
inspectors was perhaps a just one. It was the
intention of the committee that this $4,000
should cover the mileage and traveling expenses
of these officers, and in order to make it per-
fectly clear I will move to insert after the words
"$4,000 per annum," in line sixteen of the
second section, the words "which is to include
all mileage and traveling expenses."
Mr. TRUMBULL. Why not say "in full
for all expenses?''
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I have no objection to
the form of the words. If those are more satis-
factory 1 will say "in full of all mileage and
other expenses."
Mr. SHERMAN. Why not say "in full for
for their services, mileage, and all other ex-
penses?"
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will accept that.
Mr. SPllAGUE. I will ask the Senator
from Wisconsin whether the bill does not pro-
vide for an increase of pay to the Indian agents,
and if so, how much.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Yes, sir; it increases
their pay $300 per annum to the Indian agents
who reside with the Indians on the reservations
or among the Indians of their agency, giving
them §1,800 per annum. I think that is but
just. It was the unanimous opinion of the
committee that that should be done.
Mr. P0ME110Y. I will inquire of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin whether there are any
Indian agents who do not live on the Indian
reservations and with the various Indian tribes
of their agency.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I believe there are
some in some Territories, who are agents for
some of the wilder tribes of Indians, who have
not got reservations on which to make a home.
They live outside.
Mr. POME-ROY. I remember that we
passed a law requiring all agents to live on
the reservations, and ] supposed they all did.
Mr. GUTHRIE. This whole measure seems
to me perfectly useless for any good results.
We now have a Secretary at the head of the
Interior Department, and he has charge of
Indian affairs ; the administration of Indian
affairs is one of the branches of his office. This
bill does not propose to deprive him of that
duty or to take it away from him, but we leave
him there as the trusted organ of the Govern-
ment to carry out the legislation of the nation
in relation to the Indians ; and now you pro-
pose to appoint a board of supervising inspect-
ors. Is it to see how he discharges his duty ?
On that principle, you would want a board
over the Secretary of State, and another over
the Secretary of the Treasury, another over the
Postmaster General, and probably one over
the Attorney General of the United States.
We cannot tell how far this thing is to go.
If our legislation in regard to the Indians is
not right, amend it, get the legislation right,
and then let the Secretary of the Interior carry
out the laws. I do not know what is to be
gained by these commissioners and superin-
tendents ; but I know that an ounce of common
practical sense is just exactly what we want,
and what we ought to havo in the head of the
Department and the agents he employs, and if
we do not get it there our Government is a fail-
ure and we shall never get it by these super-
visors, paid to travel over the country and make
a book against the management of the Secre-
tary of the Interior and his agents and bring
interminable quarrels into Congress.
My judgment is against the whole bill. In
point of fact, it is not the right course to set
overseers over one of your bureau officers or
over one of the Secretaries of the President.
The Secretary is the man to select the proper
agents to go among^ the Indians and carry out
the laws: he can doit better than anybody else:
Suppose he does not .make the soundest and
the wisest selections in all cases, he will make
a better and a more consistent one ■ than you
will make by these supervising inspectors, fee
Senator from Illinois has heard a great deal
about stealings and the great fortunes that h&ve
been made in dealings and contracts with the
Indians. I do not know how that is. There is
not a single thing done under this Government
that has not been from the beginning charged
more or less with indirection and improper
conduct; and rio inspectors or supervisors or
spies or detectives that you have had or ever
will have, have given you a remedy or ever will,
in my judgment, and then the expense is totally
out of proportion to any possible good that can
result from it.
My Judgment is against the whole bill. If
there is any revision of the system needed, and
the judgment of Congress is that it is wrong, let
us take anew direction. If we have not a proper
man as Secretary of the Interior, let us hold
the appointing power responsible. He is the
man selected to carry out the laws of this Gov-
ernment in relation to the Indians. We can
have or ought to have but one head to that
Department who is administering it by consul-
tation and by advice with the President of the
United States, whose duty it is to see that all
the laws are executed properly and carried out
in a just and proper spirit for the safety and
prosperity of all.
I intend to vote against this bill, because X
think it is unnecessary, because I think no
good can come from it, and I think the money
you are giving to these men will be an utter
Mr. NESMITH. I think the Senator from
Kentucky misapprehends the scope and inten-
tion of this bill. There is nothing in the bill
that I can observe which makes it liable to the
imputation and the charge the Senator from
Kentucky makes, that this is a board to watch
the Secretary of the Interior. It is simply a
board to go into the interior of the country and
among the Indians to examine, inspect, and
report upon the details.
You may have the best man in the world as
Secretary of the Interior, but it is impossible
for him to control, direct, and inspect and
supervise the management of Indian tribes and
the agents in remote Territories. This is not
entirely anomalous legislation. The armies
have inspectors general, who are sent out an-
nually to inspect every military post in the
United States, and they make reports on the
administration and on the discipline and con-
duct of the troops, in relation to the country,
its citizens, and the accountability of the offi-
cers, precisely as it is proposed now to inaugu-
rate a board to inspect the Indian department,
and to meet and either to refute or to prevent
these charges which are being made constantly
of mismanagement of the Indian department,
if they are true it will be in the power of this
board to ferret out those wrongs and to report
them, and to suggest some remedy. If they
are false it will be within the power of this
board to deny them. If, by the practical oper-
ations of these boards, we find them unneces-
sary, and that their deliberations are not likely
to result in an amount commensurate with their
cost, it will be an easy matter for us to abolish
them.
It will bo recollected that the last Congress
authorized a joint committee of the two Houses
to visit the Indian tribes in the various States
and Territories. The short period of time al-
lowed for that duty, and the vast country they
were compelled to travel over precluded their
visiting all the tribes. That committee per-
formed a good deal of labor. The report is
not yet prepared; but I apprehend that that
report will demonstrate that they performed
great labor, and, in my opinion, saved the
country vast amounts of expenditure. Itis pro-
posed that this board shall have more power th an
that. It is proposed to make it a permanent
board, that is. unless Congress shall see proper
