3410
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
June 26,
made provision for the education of their citizens
without distinction of color shall receive the sum
remaining unexpended of such sales or rentals, which
shal 1 be distributed among said States for educational
purposes in proportion to their population.
Mr. WILSON. This proposition is to strike
out the sixth section of the House bill and to
insert seven sections in lieu of it. I will state
that this sixth section refers to the lands in
Georgia and South Carolina occupied under
General Sherman's special field order. The
purpose is to allow the President to restore
those lands to the owners by the 1st of January.
As far as we can learn, there are between
twenty-five thousand and thirty thousand acres
that have been taken up by the freedmen in
accordance with the provisions of General
Sherman's field order. There is a great deal
of controversy over them. I see that General
Steadman and General Fullerton have recom-
mended to the President that they be given
up to the owners by the 1st of January next.
Some nine hundred persons have acquired*
titles to small portions of those lands. We
propose to give up those lands in tliis manner:
we have acquired about forty thousand acres of
land by tax sales on the islands in South Car-
olina ; those are in the possession of the Gov-
ernment; now, we propose that in lieu of the
claims acquired under General Sherman's or-
der, those lands shallbe divided up into twenty-
acre lots and shall be sold to the persons who
have those titles at their cost to the Govern-
ment. They are to go on the lands and have
six years within which to pay for them. They
cost the Government about one dollar aud a
half an acre. This, it is thought, will settle
all this difficulty. These lands on the islands
are our lands; they are in our possession;
they amount to about the same number of
acres that have been acquired by these colored
persons under General Sherman's field order.
It is now proposed that they shall have those
lands set apart to thera, which shall not for
six years be alienated by them, and they shall
pay the Government a small pittance of a
dollar and a half an acre, which was the cost
to the Government.
Then we have six thousand acres, some thirty-
three tracts, said to be worth ten dollars per
acre, which we authorize the selling of at ten
dollars per acre, and which are not to be sold
for less, which have been set apart by the com-
missioners, and are now used and rented for
the purposes of a school fund. We propose to
have those lands sold between now and the 1st
of January, and that the proceeds shall be a
fund for the benefit of the persons residing
upon those islands for school purposes.
If this amendment shall be adopted, we shall
provide for the restoration of the lands set
apart by General Sherman, and we shall allow
persons who have acquired titles under his
order to acquire titles to the land wo possess.
It is believed by those who understand the con-
dition of affairs there to be an arrangement
that will be satisfactory to all. We provide
further that if any betterments or improve-
ments have been made on these lands, these
persons, before being removed from the lands,
shall have the benefit of them, and also the
benefit of the present crop, which they planted
and which they are to gather.
I believe that the adoption of this amend-
ment will be a great advantage to the freed-
men, and that it will relieve us from the con-
troversy that has grown up in regard to the
lands set apart under the special order of Gen-
eral Sherman. I will say that several persons
who know all about the lands and a&out the
condition of affairs there of the freedmen think
that the provisions of this bill will be a great
advantage to all concerned.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I wish to ask the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts what amount it is pro-
posed to confirm under the tax sales under the
sixth section. The quantity of land described
in the seventh section is mentioned; but I am
not able to see from the sixth section what
amount of lands will be confirmed; and I
should like to know.
Mr. WILSON. There is a balance of five
or six thousand acres not occupied yet which
it provides for on those lands; but I under-
stand the amount occupied which is confirmed
here to these persons is some fifteen or twenty
thousand acres. They are in small lots that
were set apart to these persons by the special
order of the Government when we had posses-
sion of that part of the country and were pro-
viding for these persons so as to give them an
opportunity to obtain a livelihood.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Unquestionably it is
very desirable to accomplish all that the Sena-
tor suggests will be accomplished by.this bill;
but, sir, I am not able to see the propriety on
the part of Congress of undertaking to settle
titles under a tax sale. No class of titles are
regarded with more care and jealousy by the
courts than tax titles. It seems rather an un-
heard-of proceeding for the legislative depart-
ment of the Government to confirm a tax sale.
The Senator is aware that to make a good title
under a tax sale, all the proceedings must have,
been most accurately pursued according to the
requirements and the very letter of the law.
The courts will not hold a title good unless in
ever}' respect the proceedings connected with
the sale have been in conformity with the law.
Now, it may be that the Senator from Massa-
chusetts is much more thoroughly informed
than I am upon this subject. I have but little
information about those sales. I am not pre-
pared to say whether the sales were valid or
not. They may be. If so, they do not need
any confirmatory act by Congress. If they were
so irregular as to be void, ought Congress to
undertake to confirm them? In other words;
the tax sale being void, can Congress by an
act pass the title from the real owner of the
lands to the purchaser?
Tax sales have never been favorites in the
courts, and should not bo; and perhaps no set
of tax sales are entitled to less regard than the
sales which it is now proposed to confirm. In
the other States this tax was not collected. The
people of Indiana, as individuals, and of other
States, were not required to pay this tax, and
no sales were made; but in South Carolina,
where the people were in a condition making
it almost impossible for them at that time to
meet the demands of the tax-gatherers, the
sales took place. Whether the proceedings
were at all regular; whether tliey were partial
or impartial; whether they were fair or unfair,
I think is not known to the Senate; and now
it is proposed to confirm them.
I should desire very much to settle the con-
troversy that has grown up in consequence of
General Sherman's order; but I would not
desire to settle that controversy by perpetrat-
ing another wrong; and I am not sure that
the purpose of the Senator, even in that re-
gard, is altogether right, because the colored
people who occupy the lands under General
Sherman's order aie not the same as those who
hold lands under the tax sales : and how it will
do justice to persons who hold under Sherman's
order to confirm the tax sale to other people,
I cannot understand. It may be all right; but
I do not see the propriety of it. General Sher-
man's order was a military order. I believe
no Senator has pretended that General Sher-
man's order was sufficient to pass the title. It
gave the right of occupancy during the com-
mand of the officer who made the order. It
was a military order, ceasing to have force at
the termination of the war, so that that order
conferred no title ; and it is simply now a ques-
tion of possession and the right of possession.
I presume that the parties can settle their
rights in the courts, if in no other way. I am
hardly willing to say that a set of tax sales,
about which we know but little, shall he con-
firmed merely to satisfy other parties under
General Sherman's order. I do "not intend to
discuss this measure, because I presented my
views in regard to it at a former period of the
session, on at least a branch of this subject. I
have felt it to be my duty now to suggest this j;
much. i!
Mr. WILSON. I am satisfied that we have |j
acquired a good title to the amount of about i!
forty thousand acres of land; that it is ours,
in our care, used by us, rented, and used for
other purposes, generally for the purposes of
the freedmen.
Mr. HENDRICKS. _ If the Senator will
allow me, I wish to ask him one question. Have
these titles ever received the investigation of
the law officers of the Government? lias Con-
gress before it any statement of the facts con-
nected with these sales so as to show their regu-
larity, their fairness, or the propriety of confirm-
ing the sales? Have we any opinion of any law
officer of the Government in regard to them?
Mr. WILSON. We have reports from the
tax commissioners who went on the lands,
levied the taxes, and sold the lands. Certain
lands were bid in. Certain other lands were
set aside for the use of the freedmen, by order.
Other lands, about six thousand acres, were
set apart for the purposes of schools. They
are rented now, I understand, for something
like $1-2,000, the proceeds of which are used
for the benefit of the people living on the isl-
ands. I think myself that this arrangement is
the best we can make, and will settle a great
deal of the practical difficulty we have there,
and therefore I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the Sen-
ate ready for the question on the amendment?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is the question to be
taken simply on striking out, or on inserting
the other sections?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The" ques-
tion is on striking out the sixth section and
inserting in lieu of it what is printed in italics
in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Is it on inserting the
sixth section in italics, or on inserting all these
other sections ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on striking out the sixth section and
inserting all the sections printed in italics
down to and including section twelve.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I wish to make a sug-
gestion before the vote is taken. In section
eleven, after the word "lands" in line seven,
I move to strike out the words "on the islands
in the parishes of St. Helena and St. Luke."
1 do not know that it would alter the meaning
of the section at all to strike out these words.
The section provides for restoring to the former
owners the lands which were seized by Gen-
eral Sherman, excepting those which have been
sold for taxes on these particularislands. Now,
I do not know that any other lands have been
sold for taxes, except upon these islands. The
Senator from Massachusetts thinks there are
none. If that be so, it would not alter the
effect of the bill at all; but if in point of fact
lands had been sold for taxes which were not
upon those islands, the section, as it reads,
would require their restoration to their former
owners. Congress, I think, would not under-
take to do that, but. would leave it to the pur-
chaser of those lands, if he has purchased them
at a tax sale, to maintain his title if he could,
and not undertake to divest it. If there should
be any other lands, it can do no harm to strike
out the words, and, with the words in, it would
limit the tax titles to those particular islands.
Mr. WILSON. I have no objection to the
amendment, but still the making of it will effect
nothing. Within the boundaries of General
Sherman's order were these islands; and on
them are the only lands that have been sold
for taxes, and they are now in the possession
of the Government. It was proposed to sur-
render up all lands covered by General Sher-
mp.n's field order to the owners excepting the
lands on those islands that had been sold for
taxes. The Senator proposes to strike out the
lands oil these islands. There are no lands
that were sold for taxes excepting on the isl-
ands named in the bill, as I understand. I
have no doubt on that point; still I have no
objection to the amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If that is so, it cannot
alter it.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
