426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
* dismantle and absorb the government of State
after State as the inhabitants shall make some
feeble effort by insurrection 10 right the wrongs
that will accumulate upon them, and we shall
find quite too soon that the liberties of llio people
arc gone. Civil liberty in this nation will never
survive the States of the Union. The same
power that .demands the life of the States,*will,
when they have been swallowed up in its grasp-
ing-and growing desire for dominion, demand
the surrender of republican liberty. It sees the
opportunity, and with an eye to its Qwn aggran-
dizement now resists the readjustment of the
dislocated mcmbeis of the Union. "Whatever
the motive for this overthrow of our form of
government, whatever the inducement for this
dark and fatal leap, it is nothing short of revo-
lution ; when consummated, there will not be the
semblance of the Republic of the Constitution
remaining. In its place you will have reared
an overshadowing, all-powerful, central despot-
ism, which having no check's, and aceumnla.1 ing
power as it rises, will dictate and control indi-
vidual acts and individual liberty as it now does
the action of the States.
The. honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Sir. Stevens] boldly declares his motives and
purpose. He says:
"According to my judgment they ought never to
be recosnizcd as capable of act 121 or in the Union, or
beinar counted at? valid States until the ('onstihition
shall have been so amended as to secure perpetual
ascendency to the party of the Union." ■ f
* "It' they should i?rant the nsht of sufiVago to
persons of ooirtr i think thrre would always ho Union
while men enough in the South, aided by (he blacks,
to divide the representation and thus continue the
Republican ascendency."
Hero, then, is the molive and purpose of the
majonty of this House. The States are to bo
held in rhe grasp of despotic powei; the (iov-
ermnent is to be revolutionized to secure the
ascendency of the Republican party. Proclaim
it to the country, let it go out through ail the
land, IheUnion, the Republic, must be deferred
and sacrificed, if need be, to preserve (lie ascend-
ency of party.
Oh, it* bitter and unrelenting party might
relent, 1 would appeal to you of this House in
the name of Washington, who warned against
the tell spirit of party; I would appeal to you in
the name of our common country, now anx-
iously awaiting fraternal reunion; i would ap-
peal to you in the name of the brave dead whose
bodies are scattered like 11n* leaves of the forest
oju all your mountains and in nil your valleys,
imd whose spirits are now looking down from
tin; blue above, to tell you I hey died for country
and not party; 1 would appeal to you iu the
name of those lathers and mothers who gave to
the Republic, and not party, iheir tirst-born and
best-loved sons; I would appeal to you in the
name of the millions whose hearts bleed afresh
whenever memory recalls the departed, and
who find iheir only solace in the fact that those
they mourn 1'eli in the service of the Union,
the whole Union, and not, in (lie blind sen ice
ot party. to relent. (Jive us the full fruition of
our iiupos, flic reward of our .sacrifices. the
fruits of our'victories, the fraternal lnion of
our fathers, the brotherhood of States. Par-
ties are changing and evanescent: they go up
and down 011 the waves of popular passion and
prejudice; guard and strengthen them as you
will ihey cannot* live forever. The scepter of
power will ere long fall from your hands. An-
other party as despotic and grinding may yet
dictate, may yet deleimine (he terms and con-
ditions upon which your States shall exercise
their right-* and function* in the Union.
Party spivit knows 110 law; it refuses to reason ;
it has no attribute of justice, no sense of honor,
no conscience, no toleration. The measure of
its demands and exactions is the strength and
power to enforce them. Jf you, to-day, can die-
tat^ the conditions upefo which only the State
of 1 ennessee may be permitted to perform her
duties and exercise_ her rights in the Union, it
may be only a question of lime when some new
elements, moved by popular caprice, mav com-
bine to dictate to X^v England. It is a fear-
ful thing to truss tlu* liberties of a great people
to the capricious and ever-shifting powfr of i
party. I for one deny the right or power to
dictate any terms or attach any conditions out-
side of the Constitution upon which any State
may have its placc in the Union. The only
rightful conditions are, obedience to the Con-
stitution and laws; and that obedience in itself
consists in the full exercise of all its rights and
the performance e>f all its constitutional obliga-
tions as a State in the Union. I can well under-
stand how difficult a thing it is to look or act upon
these great questions without prejudice or pas-
sion. The same writer on international law from
whom I have already quoted says:
_ " The tumult of discord and the flame of civil war
little agrou with the pioeeedin^s of pure and exact
justice. More quiet times are to be awaited for.5'
I would wait for more quiet times to amend
the Constitution. The statesman and the legis-
lator should never act from hatred or passion
toward those affected, by their acts. Bloody
hands and malignant hearts should never invade
the sanctuary of law or justice. The man who
from preconcoh ed opinions or prejudice would
be disqualified to pit as a juror where the, per-
son toward whom he entertained such feelings
was a party should look with distrust upon him-
self when he comes to legislate where his most
sacred rights are to be affected.
Sir, the question has been repeatedly asked
whether we would consent that those who had
been engaged in the attempt to break up and
destroy the Union should come back and enjoy
the benefits of the Constitution they had en-
deavored 1o subwTl. I answer, unhesitatingly,
1 would. There has nevei been a day or an
hour since the f rst scene in the bloody drama
at Sumter th.it my most ardent wish and prayer
to Cod has not be< u it),it they might, lay down
their arms and eonie back ; come back, not us
conquered provinces, not to bo hold as con-
quered subjects as a subjugated people, but as
coequal, independent, sovereign Si ales. To
me the Union of our lathers is worth just as
much as itwas at the beginningof the war. Its
restoration is just, as necessai y to the prosperit}r
and happiness of this country now as then. And
T go further : the crime of those who would pre-
vent its restoration is just as black and damna-
ble as that of those w ho made restoration neces-
sary.
Sir, Ihese are my conclusions, a 1'ter the most
candid and best consideration 1 have been able
to gi\e the subject. The war is o\ei : its work
of carnage and death is done ; il has driven its
plowshare down deep into our institutions ;
time can never remove its impress; us effect
fin good and for ill cannot be eradicated; the
chains of bondage broken "u o would not again
unite, the sundered ties of life we cannot,; the
passions, resentments, animosities, and hatreds
aroused and engendered will slowly wear away :
with if lot. I ho biotherhood revive. Our coun-
try has triumphed ; its highest interest. its proud-
est glory, its richest blessing will only be real-
ized iu the full resumption b\ even* State of its
rights, its duties, and its functions m the I'nion
of the Constitution. We want, no Ireland, no
Roland, no Hungary, wilh their oppressed and
unhappy peoples cherishing their ^mothered
wrath and plod ing revolution. A restored I'nion
is restored aunty. -Many have been wrong; all
have suffered. As we hope to be forgiven, let
us forgive.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, it is surpris-
ing with what indifference and haste amend-
ments to the Constitution arc proposed in this
House, 1 understand some se\eut) [uoposi-
tion> are already befoic the two Houses of Con-
gress to amend the fundamental law of the laud,
involving in some instances an almost total
change of our form of government. Bills and
resolutions to change and amend the organic
law are introduced and pressed, under the op- '
oration of the previous question, a* lightlj-and j
inconsiderately as if this Congress were n, State i
Legislature, and the Constitution a small rail- '
road company asking for an amendment to its I
charter to build a small siding or make a turn- j
out on the road. This is truly an alarming state j
of things. Such legislation, at this time.'*patch- 1
ing the Constitution like an old coat, of which |
very soon the original frabic will be, invisible
j on account of the poor patch-work on it, is not
■ demanded, and will certainly not be sanctioned,
| by the great body of the American people,
j The resolution now before the House is in-
I tended to affect the southern States principally,
and we are asked to legislate for a people and
country designated here by the leaders of the
dominant party as aliens and foreign, as con-
quered territory under the law of nations. If
this be true, which 1 most emphatically deny,
then there can be 110 necessity for amendment.
The northern States require 110 change in this
regard. The States lately in rebellion are not
and never were out of the Union, but we now
pass laws affecting these States and the people
thereof without grunting them their constitu-
tional right to be represented on this floor.
And while I am in favor of admitting members
legally elected, I wish to be understood that I
allude to members elected according to forms
and regulations prescribed by law—gentlemen
who are capable and can qualify themselves to
come here and take_their seats equally with the
rest, of us.
There shall be no taxation without represen-
tation is a fundamental principle of American
law. We tax the people of the South, subject
them to the laws of the United States, and hold
them to all the duties and responsibilities of
citizens of the States in the I'nion. while at the
same time we deny the right of representa-
tion in both Houses of Congress. It would
much more comport with the dignity and sense
of justice of the American Comrress to let the
legally elected members from the southern
States be admitted and participate in the pro-
ceedings and debates, especially iu matters of
so great importance as a change in our oiganic
law. Let us have a representation for oar w#ole
country. Wherever the American llag floats,
from the St. Lawrence to the Culf of Mexico,
whereu*r the star-spangled banner waves, 1 hat-
is our country. And let us legislate as Ameri-
cans, as Representatives of our wdiole country,
in a spirit of justice, liberality, and patriotism,
and we will again have one country.
Mr. H1GBY. Mr. Speaker, I do not propose,
upon this occasion, to go into a general debate
or discussion upon all the questions that are
now before Congress; that is, as to the general
condition of the country, and what method
should be pursued in order to restore the Union.
Rut, sir, in what little I have to say. 1 shall
confine myself exclusively to the question be-
fore the liouse, and seek some other occasion
to spealv, if 1 speak at all, upon the general
question.
A very important proposition was reported a
few days since from the committee on recon-
struction by the chairman of that committee.
It contemplates the amendment of the Consti-
tution of the United States on a subject second
only in importanee, in my estimation, to that
embraced 111 the amendment winch has been so
lecentlv made. At the time of its introduction
i the able chairman of that committee seemed to
j think that this body was prepared to pass upon
1 it almost immediately. 1 have no doubt that
; he and the other members of that committee
i were satisfied—truly, sincerely, earnestly, and
| honestly sal Mied—thai that proposition was the
! best provision that, could be framed for an
! amendment. To my mind, sir, objections arose
! at once; and I regret that a measure is to be
' pressed here that may rai^e the question of the
: construction of other portions of the Consti-
I lution. when, it seems to me, language can be
found ii^which to couch the amendment so as
: not to infringe upon any of the barriers of the
j Constitution.
The amendment as reported would, at least
impliedly, give to the States the power to dis-
criminate as to those who shall be allowed the
elective franchise. In some method of amend-
ing the Constitution F shall concur with the
other members of this House ; and while I may
object to some features of the amendment in-
troduced by the gentleman from Pennsvhania,
1 have 110 kind of doubt that one can he so
framed as to command the votes of two thirds
