1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3411
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 think there is another
amendment that ought to be made in section
twelve. After the word ''States," in line five
of that section, I move to insert ''and not here-
tofore disposed of by the United States so
as to make the section read:
The Commissioner shall liavo power to seize, hold,
use, lease, or sell all buildings aiul tenements, and
any lands pertaining to the same, or otherwise, (or-
meily owned by 01 claimed as the property of the
so-called confederate States, and not heretofore dis-
posed of by the United States.
My object is to protect those who have pur-
chased property that was seized and has been
heretofore disposed of by the Government.
There are some such cases. I happen to know
of one where some lands were sold under the
direction of the Freedmen's Bureau and pur-
chased by third parties. Of course it is not
intended to seize that property which has been
parted with.
The amendment to the amendment ivas
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I propose an amendment
in the ninth section, to strike out in line three
the words "determine the validity of," and
insert the word "examine.'' I presume the
Senator having the bill in charge will not ob-
ject to this. I do not think it would be for-
tunate to use words in this act which would
confer upon any authority other than the es-
tablished courts of the country the right to
determine the validity of titles. If my amend-
ment lie agreed to the section will then read,
"that the assistant commissioners for South
Carolina and Georgia are hereby authorized to
examine all titles to lands in their respective
States which are claimed under the provisions
of General Sherman's special held order," &c.
It does not require the establishment of a til le,
and I do not think we ought to confer upon a
commission the power to fix titles.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It seems to me that the
word "examine" does not go quite far enough.
I suppose the intention of this provision is to
have the commissioners determine upon con-
flicting claims between the parties, not to pass
in the legal sense upon the title as between the
original owners of these lauds and the persons
who may claim them under General Sherman's
field order ; but they are to pass upon them in
the nature of a land officer or of commission-
ers who wore sent out in early times, 1 recol-
lect, to examine the various grants which had
Been made to the early settlers in the North-
west under various resolutions and acts of Con-
gress. Those commissioners were appointed
by Congress, and they proceeded to hear testi-
mony and make a report upon the claims of
different parties to lands. They had them sur-
veyed and set apart to them, and those titles
have been held \alidby the Government of the
TJnited States. I suppose that that is what is
meant by the language here used, it is some-
thing more than to "examine;'' it seems to
mc that word goes hardly far enough.
Mr. HENDRICKS. 1 suggest to the Sen-
ator from Illinois that the following words
accomplish what he thinks ought to be accom-
plished; if the cominibsionei examining the
title finds in the particular party "a valid
claim"—that is the language used in the sixth
line—if he finds a valid claim a warrant is to
be issued upon the direct tax commissioners.
What is intended to be meant by " valid claim''
I am not sure that I know ; but it does not
require the fixing of legal title.
Mr. WILSON. I suppose the Senator from
Indiana does not consider that there is any
legal title in this ease. Certain persons, as far
as I can gather, to the number of about nine
hundred, under General Sherman's field or-
der, have taken up portions of lands in Georgia
and in South Carolina amounting to between
twenty-live thousand and thirty-five thousand
acres, according to the best information we
have. \Ve propose that all the land now occu-
pied under General Sherman's order shall be
released by the President to the original owners
on the 1st of January next. This provision is
that the assistant commissioners for Georgia
and South Carolina, who are now General Seott
and General Tillson, shall examine the titles
or claims—I suppose "claims'' is as good a
word as "titles"—of the persons holding land
under General Sherman's order, and decide
among them who have complied with the terms
of that order, and then to give the persons
who have so complied a certificate of the fact.
Then the tax commissioners are to survey the
lands which have been bought in by the Gov-
ernment at tax sales and give titles to small
tracts of that land to these colored persons in
lieu of the claims they have under General
Sherman's order. The assistant commissioners
are to give a certificate so that they can obtain
other land.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Elsewhere?
Mr. WILSON. Yes, sir. I do not think
there is any objection to letting it stand in the
form il is. If the language used had been
" the validity of the claims," instead of "the
validity of all titles," it would have been as
well. I suppose it is only a sort of squatter
claim anyhow. These persons went on to
these lands in accordance with General Sher-
man's order. Our assistant commissioners are
to decide who has obtained a claim or a title
according to the provisions of that order, in
order to give such parties a certificate of the
fact, that they may go elsewhere and be com-
pensated for removing from these lands, so that
the President can restore them to the original
owners.
Mr. HENDRICKS. That is just the pur-
pose that I supposed the Senator wanted to
accomplish, lie does not want to make the
right of these men to depend on the validity
of the title—a legal right, to the land in lee-
simple. lie wants the Commissioner to exam-
ine the claims of these parties, and whichever
party, as between contestants, has the better
right, for the Commissioner so to adjudge,
and upon that adjudication to give a warrant
which may be located upon other land.
■ Mr. WILSON. That is precisely what we
want to do.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Then the words I sug-
gest will accomplish it more certainly than the
words used iu the section. Let it read, " au-
thorized to examine all claims to lands.if
you require the Commissioner to adjudge that
there is a valid, legal title, it will defeat the
very purpose, because there is no legal title,
but simply a right of "possession during mili-
tary occupancy, in my judgment. I modify
my amendment by also pioposing to strike
out the word "titles'' in the third line, and
inserting " claims so as to read, '' to examine
all claims to lands."
Mr. WILSON. 1 have no objection to that
amendment.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I think it is my duty
to call the attention of the Senator having the
bill in charge to the twelfth section. That sec-
tion pro\ides—
That the Commis-ioner shall have power to seize,
hold, use, lea^e, or sell all buildings and tenements,
and any lands appei taining to the same, or other-
wise, iounerly owned by or churned as the pioperty
of the so-called confederate States, and any buildings
or lands held intrust lor the same by any per^m or
persons, and to use the same or appropriate the pro-
ceeds derived thorofiom to the education of the freed
people.
I wish to ask of the Senator whether lie
holds that the defacio government of the eon-
federate States was such a body or State as
that it could become the owner of lands. This
section assumes that the so-called confederate
i States could become the owner of real estate ;
] in other words, that that government had a
I legal existence for the purpose of acquiring
title to land. I should think the Senator would
hesitate before he would assume that, position.
That question is likely to arise in several
shapes; I do not care to express any opinion
about it: but it is proposed for the considera-
tion of the Senator, 1 think, when he asks us
to vote for the section. If that </e facto gov-
ernment could not acquire land, if it was not
a legal existence for the purpose of acquiring
land, any deed made to it during the war was
simply a nullity. If it had a legal existence
in such a sense as that it could become the
owner of lands, could be a grantee, then I pre-
sume the Government of the United States
succeeds to that property; at least it would
have a right to take possession of it.
Mr. WILSON. The confederate govern-
ment somehow contrived to get into their pos-
session buildings and lands. They had, I un-
derstand, in the State of Georgia alone what
cost them more than $1,000,000 in buildings
and lands for the purposes of their army—
arsenals and other buildings. They had some
very valuable buildings, property taken, used,
and owned, or professed to be owned, by the
confederate government. We have taken some
of this property and sold it. This section sim-
ply proposes that we shall take possession of
this property which, if anybody iu the world
has a title to it, I take it the Government of
■the United Stales has, and that it shall be used
for the benefit of education, and that when this
bureau ceases to exist, the balance, whatever
there may be of it, may be turned over to any
State where it exists as a school fund. I think
it is a good way to dispose of that kind of prop-
erty ; and there will be several hundred thou-
sand dollars worth of it, I have no doubt.
The PRESIDENT pro 'tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the committee.
Mr. WTLSON. T move to amend the amend-
ment by filling up the blank after the word
"section" in line eleven of section nine and
in line four of section ten with the word
"seven."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those cor-
rections will be made, no objection being inter-
posed. The question now is on the amendment
of the committee to strike out the sixth section
of (he bill and insert in lieu thereof the sections
which have been read as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
The next amendment of the committee was
in section [seven] thirteen, at the commence-
ment of the section to insert the words "and
be it further enacted," and to strike out:
Whereas we recognize the necessity and duty rent-
ing upon the Government, and icsuUing (rom tho
condition of freedom, of aiding freedmen to receive
that needful education which oppio-sive prejudices,
laws, and customs denied them when held in slavery:
Therefoie.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON. I believe the amendments
reported by the committee are disposed of.
The PRESIDENT jpro tempore. They are.
Mr. AVI LSON. In section [four] five, on the
fourth page, I move to strike out lines eleven,
twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, and
seventeen. The provisions granted there are
embraced in another section of the bill in the
new, amended fourth section. The words I
propose to strike out are:
And the Seeietnrv of AVer ii hereby authorized,
on the recommendation of the (Jommis^oner, to con-
tinue in otliee a* surgeons of the bureau, with their
pie^ent. rank, pay, and allowances, the volunteer
officers now employed, and to fill any vacancies with
other volunteer surgeons, with like rank and com-
pensation, unless suitable surgeons in the regular
Army can be thus assigned to duty.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUCKALEW. 1 move in the first sec-
tion, fifth line, to strike out the words "two
years" and insert "one year," and on this
amendment I ask for the vcas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. BUCKALEW. This relates to the dura-
tion of the present measure, and will continue
the operation of the bureau fully four months
after the adjournment of Congress. There will
certainly be time enough at the next session to
consider whether it is necessary to extend this
exceptional and peculiar system for a greater
period of time than is contemplated in the
amendment submitted by me, which will ex-
tend it to about the commencement of July,
1867.
The question being taken by yeas and nays,
resulted—yeas G, nays 2G ; as follows :
Y J3AS—Messrs. Buekalew, Cowan, Davis, Doobttle,
Guthrie, and Hendricks—6.
