1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
x
Mr. CONNESS. I move to recommit the
bill with instructions, and I call the attention !
of the Senate to the instructions I propose.
The instructions are to have annual inspections
in cach district by a military officer to be de-
tailed by the Secretary of War, who shall be
paid his necessary transportation and subsist-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I hope the bill will not
be recommitted, because that question has been
discussed here in the Senate, and the Senate
fully understands what the views of the com-
mittee are on that subjcct; and the committee
have considered that question as to how an
inspection should be made, and have made thfe
best report they are capable of making.
While upon the floor I desire to say one word
by way of reply to the honorable Senator from
Kentucky, [Mr. Guthrie.] He seemed to as-
sume that the purpose of this bill was to ap-
point a board of inspection above the heads of
the Departments of the Government. T do not
understand it so. The heads of Departments
with whom the responsibility rests of neces-
sity are located here in Washington, and this
inspection board is but an agency to be employed
by the President and by the heads of Depart-
ments to ascertain facts in relation to the ad-
ministration of Indian affairs in the far interior,
just as in the War Department we have actually
inspectors general who are used for this very
puipose of inspecting into the transactions of
the military forces, to inspect the arms, to in-
spect the quartermasters, and to inspect the
commissaries in the distribution of clothing
and supplies to the Army, and to report gener-
ally on the condition of the Army to the heads
of the Army, in order that correctives may
be applied. The truth is that our Indian ad-
ministration is a kind of mixed administra-
tion, partly civil and partly military. There
are some Territories and some States where
Indian tribes are located on reservations where
no military forces are required at all, and
where the administration of Indian affairs is
purely civil. There are other Territories where
the Indians are yet in such a wild state that
almost the entire administration of Indian affairs
must be under the control of the military.
There are other sections and tribes where it
is mixed, semi-civil and semi-military. To
cover all the cases our purpose was to have a
board of inspection which would look closely
after the civil administration and the military
administration of Indian affairs, and wo did
hope to incorporate into it also what in the
administration of Indian affairs in all the British
Provinces is one of the greatest points in their
policy and most cherished, and that is in rela-
tion to their schools, their missions, and their
religious instruction. We desire to have all these
three things looked into by the organization of
this board—the civil administration, the mili-
tary administration, and, if you please, the
moral or spiritual administration of Indian
affairs. That was the purpose; so that instead
of this being a board set over the heads of De-
partments, either over the Secretary of War
or the Secretary of the Interior, it is to lie or-
ganized in subordination to the President, for
the purpose of aiding in the administration of
affairs, both civil and military, as far as the
Indians are concerned.
Mr. CO A1 NESS. My only object was to get
a vote upon the proposition as between an in-
spection to be made by one officer to be detailed
by a Department of the Government and this
board of three. I am loath to interfere with
what seems.to have been considered with con-
siderable care by the Committee on Indian
Affairs, and yet I am entirely satisfied, using
all the experience and knowledge I have, that i
this is simply adding a useless and profitless
incumbrance to the present management of
Indian affairs. And when I come to think of
the motion that I have made to give asuperin-
tendcncy under the direction of the War De-
partment over business that is properly charge-
able to the Interior Department, there is an
impropriety in it that of course would induce
me to withdraw the proposition. Whenever
the head of the Interior Department, a member
of the Cabinet, a high officer of the Govern-
ment. is not competent to appoint an inspector
to make this annual inspection, (if you wish
inspections added to your present system,) it
is time, as the Senator from Kentucky has ob-
served, that some other citizen should be chosen
and put at the head of that Department. This
■whole scheme will, in my opinion, be a costly
incumbrance. I withdraw my motion to re-
commit.
Mr. GUTHRIE. I am the more convinced
from all that has been said that I am right in
the objection I have made to this measure, and
that it will be a useless incumbrance. The head
of the Department here ought to have his own
agents under his order, and he should have a
report to him of how everything is done. The
law is sufficient as it stands to enable him to
know how every agent discharges his duties.
At our great commercial emporium, New York,
two thirds of the revenue from duties on im-
ports are collected : does any man suppose that
the Secretary of the Treasury has not an out-
side agent there watching, reporting upon every
transaction, and seeing that the laws are en-
forced ? Does any man suppose that under your
internal revenue system the Secretary of the
Treasury has not his agents to inform him how
every officer keeps his books, and makes his
entries, and executes the law? Is it not all
reported to him so that he can apply a remedy
where wrong exists ? So the Secretary of the
Interior is the proper officer to see and to know
how the laws of his Department are executed
by his agents, and to apply a remedy where
there is anything needing correction. These
inspectors will be of no service to him in that
respect. If they make a report it will be a re-
port that will lead to a quarrel between him
and his agents. If ive have a Government we
must have a Government that our own officers
execute without having outsiders to watch them
as spies and detectives upon them. You should
have at the head of each Department a man of
character, a man of standing, a man whose rep-
utation is at stake in the due execution of the
duties of his office, and he must see that the
business confided to his Department is faith-
fully executed.
The Secretary of the Interior has power now
to do all that is sought to be accomplished by
this bill, as I understand. The Senator from
Wisconsin says there are boards of inspection
in the Army to inspect the fortifications, ar-
senals, &c. But it is the duty of the officers at
those establishments every year to put the head
of the Department in possession of all the facts
in relation to the armories, the fortifications,
the arms, the ammunition, &c. The Army reg-
ulations provide for all that information being
furnished to the Department annually; and
what is the consequence? Your committees
can know from the head of the Department
how everything is, and can be shown the last
reports. My idea is that you cannot administer
Indian affairs except through the head of the
Department to whom they are committed, and
that you cannot put this board of inspectors
into the system without injury to the service.
You cannot get men of character and reputa-
tion to fill this high office if they are to be sur-
rounded by spies and detectives who are to
watch all they do and make reports to Con-
gress. I am against the bill.
Mr. NESMITIi. The bill provides in the
third section, '"andsaid board shall report an-
nually, or as often as may by required, to the
Commissioner of Indian Affairs." I propose to
meet the objection of the Senator from Ken-
tucky by so amending the bill as to require
them to report to the Secretary of the Interior.
It never was intended that this board should
be*placed over the Secretary of the Interior.
The object of the organization of the board is
to get desirable information and to meet the
evils which have been complained of. I move
to amend the bill by striking out in line twenty-
one of section three the words "Commissioner
of Indian Affairs" and inserting "Secretary
of the Interior," so as to require the reports
to be made to the Secretary. That, I think, ,
will meet the objection of the Senator from:
Kentucky. . . :
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. One of the great sources of ■
corruption in our intercourse with the Indians
is the fact that there is nothing like free trade-
permitted with them. The trader of the Indian
is always designated by the Indian agent, and
I' think I am safe in saying that in nineteen
cases out of twenty he is a partner with the
agent and is interested with him in the sales
that he may be able to effect, or in the traffic
that he may be able to carry on with the, In-
dians. I propose to remedy that by offering to
the Senate for its adoption an amendment in
the form of aw independent section, to be added
to this bill, in these words:
And be it further enacted. That any loyal citizen of
the United States of prood moral character shall be
permitted to trade with any Indian tribe: Provided,
IIo shall exccute the bond required bylaw, and com-
plies with the regulations prescribed for carrying on
intercourse with Indian tribes.
I happen to know, Mr. President, that this
is what is desired by the Indians themselves.
In an interview that I had a short time ago
with one of my colleagues in the House of Rep-
resentatives, who was a member of the joint
committee to investigate the subject of Indian
transactions with the chairman of the Commit-
tee on Indian Affairs last summer, he ^pld me
of a speech that was made to him by one of
the most sensible Indians (and if I could only
repeat it as he did I think the Senate would
say one of the most sensible men) he had ever
met, on this very subject. I think I am also
justified in saying that 1 have known—not of
my own knowledge, but it comes tomein sucha
way that I have every reason to believe it—that
within a very short time, within a few months,
an Indian trader lias paid to an Indian agent
the sum of $12,000 for the purpose of being
selected as an Indian trader. I propose to do
away with all that and let every m an that eh ooses
trade with the Indians, provided ho is a man
of good moi al character, and will give bond
and will strictly comply with the regulations
presented for intercourse with Indians.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I have been a mem-
ber of the Committee on Indian Affairs for two
years, and have tried to got at the evil to which
the Senator from Iowa refers. The difficulty
we have in reaching it is that the different In-
dian tribes are paid but onee or twice a year,
and the argument is that unless the trader is
licensed the Indians cannot be furnished with
their goods. The agent gives orders upon the
merchant, and the merchant is obliged to fill
the orders in advance of the payment. Another
objection to the plan proposed by the Senator
from Iowa is that it introduces into the Indian
tribes as traders mischievous persons who will
sell to them ardent spirits; and they cannot,
as I understand from the agents, so far as my
own State is concerned, control the traffic in
liquor except by and through licensing a par-
ticular trader. That is the objection I have
met with in my efforts to do away with the evil.
There arc two or three Indian tribes living ad-
joining the town where I reside; our merchants
arc very anxious to sell to those Indians, but
they cannot sell to them for the reason that if
they were allowed to do so the result would be
to introduce spirituous liquors into the tribes.
For a time in Kansas the trade was thrown
open in the mode suggested in this amendment,
but after experience of that system the present
system was adopted. The trader is appointed
on the recommendation of the agent by the
Secretary of the Interior. I think the Sena-
tor from Iowa will find that if he adopts his
system now by law, he will be compelled at the
next session to repeal this law.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator's experience
with Indians is more recent than mine, but I'
apprehend that I have had about as much ex-
perience with them as he has had. I know
that free trade has been tried and tried suc-
cessfully. Does it not strike every sensible
man as a most extraordinary thing that in the
case the Senator put in Kansas, where thera
