1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4St
of the members of this House. But I do hone
that any amendment which we may pass will be
so framed 1 hat no objection can be raised that it
trenches upon any other portions of the Con-
stitution which are not intended to be affected.
Nov,', sir, I shall proceed to explain my own
objection to this amendment. Whilethe basis
of representation contemplated by the body of
this resolution is to me somewhat objectionable,
yet, if we can agree upon nothing else, I shall as-
sent to it and vote for it. To my mind, a better
basis of representation would bethe mal e citizens
of the United States; for what we arc seeking is a
basis of representation, without regard to those
who shallbe allowed to vote in the States. 1 shall
not, however, dwell long upon the question as be-
tween the two kinds of bases for representation,
provided the odious feature which is contained
m the proviso shall be removed. But, sir, I
give notice that, if the proviso of this amend-
ment be retained, if it cannot be changed so as
'to obviate this objection, I, with my convictions,
must necessarily vote against this amendment.
The clause of the Constitution, as proposed
to be amended, will read thus :
t Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among the several States which may bo in-
cluded within this Union according to their respective
numbers, counting the whole number of persons in
each State, excluding Indians not taxed: P/oiided,
That 'whenever the elective franchise shall he denied or |
abridged in anu State on account of race, or color, rdl
penons therein of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation.
Now, sir, in immediate connection with that,
I will read that portion of the Constitution with
which, ill my judgment, this proviso directly
, conflicts, and which we may as well blot out if
we pass this resolution with this proviso. In
section four of article four of the Constitution
I find this language:
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
Now, sir, we are to consider these things as
they will be practically applied. We must take
the country as we find it, and try to adapt the
Constitution to it. I grant that, if there is any
State of the Union that has but one race, and
that the white race, with no prospect of its ever
having any other, and where a proviso of this
character would have no effect whatever to
exclude any one. this proviso might not be so
objectionable so far as regards that State. But
I do say that, by implication, it gives the power
to any State to exclude a whole class on account
of race or color. 1 believe that my friend here
from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgham,] to whom I intend
to yield a portion of my time, will attempt to
explain how it is that a Government can be
republican in form, and yet exclude, if need
be, one half of the population from the elective
franchise.
The State of South Carolina, in I860, had
within its limits 2'Jl,38tf while people and
402,406 slaves—more of the colored race than
of the white-race. I will give you another
instance, an instance in which this proposed
amendment of (he Constitution would directly
applj, and would give the State governments
the power to exclude more than half of their
population from the elective franchise. The
State of .Mississippi had 35".001 white popula-
tion and 4"ti,GHl slave population. Why. sir.
I can find right here on this table other instances
where they were nearly one half of the popula-
tion in I860. There was not one of the slave
States where a large proportion of the popula-
tion was not black.
Mr. Speaker, by the amendment Ave have just
adoptedtothe Constitution ofthe United States,
there are now no slaves in any ofthe Sfates of
the Union; the slaves are nil free. There is
bow no slavery within the limits of this Gov-
ernment, except—and God knows I wish we
had that amendment before us at this time, for
] believe a two-thirds vote would wipe out that
exception—except for crime. There is no good
reason under heaven why a man for ciime
should be sold into slavery. It is time when
ill (his country there should be no servitude,
not even for crime. We see to-day in the re-
organized States of the South that for the most
frivolous offenses they are selling the men who
were once in slavery into slavery again.
Sir, a little time is worth while for us to de-
liberate on these great questions. We delib-
erated months on that amendment, and yet we
did not, cover the whole ground. Time is full
of wisdom to us all. It contains more than
men can contain. It shows that when we made
that amendment we should have blotted out all
kinds of slavery. A little time is worth while
to deliberate on this amendment.
Now Mr. Speaker, when we are attempting
to amend another portion of the Constitution
in the first section of it, I say that we are
making a direct attack on the Constitution. I
say it; I do not know how many say it. I say-
it, without fear or favor, that that amendment
will allow any State government in its organ-
ization to exclude one half of its population
from the right of suffrage; and *1 say such State
governments will not bercpublican in form. I
know gentlemen will bring me authority one
after another to settle the question.
Mr. DAWES. I wish to inquire of my friend
from California, how many people can lie de-
prived of political rights atidthe State govern-
ment still be republican in form ?
Mr. IITGBY. Does the, gentleman want to
evade my proposition? If he denies what I
have said, tet him do so. I have made a*pos 
itive declaration. I do not want him to ask me
some other question. He may answer as many
of the questions as he pleases at another time,
but let him answer my point right here.
Mr. DAWES. It occurred to me that the
gentleman, having looked into this question,
would be able to tell us at wliatpartieularpoint,
that is, what proportion of the population a
State may disfranchise and still have a repub-
lican form of government. I want to draw his
attention to that point.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not believe that any State
which excludes any class of citizens on account
of race or color is republican in form.
Mr. DAWES. I agree entirely with the gen-
tleman. Then I suppose ho does not deny that
the constitution of his own State is not rejmb-
lican in form.
Mr. HIGBY. It is not.
Mr. DAWES. I am glad to hear the gentleman
say so ; and I am glad that I interrupted him.
Mr. HIGBY. 1 do not believe there is a
single State in the Union, except it may be one
of the New England States, which is an excep-
tion to that general rule. I understand that the
State of Illinois does not allow negroes to come
into that State. I shall not shirk any respon-
sibility in these times when we are settling great
questions. We have had our lessons, and we
had better improve them.
Mr. FAIINSWOR.TH. I ask the gentleman
to yield to me.
Mr. IliGBY. Yes, sir. I may be mistaken
about, Illinois.
Mr. FAUNSWORTH. The gentleman has
said that Illinois did not allow negroes to emi-
grate into that State. It is a mistake. There
was a provision ingrafted into 1he constitution
of 1848 requiring the Legislature to pass laws
to prevent the emigration of negroes into that
State ; but tile Legislature has not passed such
laws. And all the laws winch were upon our
statute-book making a distinction in regard to
color have been wip"ed out. Negroes do now
go there.
Mr. 1IIGBY. I am glad to hear the expla-
nation.
Mr. I-IENDGIISON. I will say. in support of
the position of my friend from California, that
the constitution of Oregon excludes negroes.
Mr. lllGiiY. I am sorry to hear it. We all
know what an effort was made to make Oiegon
a slave Slate.
Mr. DA VIS. Docs the gentleman consider
the States which have not a republican form of
government as out of the Union?
Mr. HIGBY? Well, that does not belong to
this question. [Laughter.] Tf the gentleman
wants to go out, I have no objection. [Laugh-
ter.] It is a free country, and if a man does
not like this Government, with all its defects,
as well as he does some other, T have no doubt
that he can have the privilege of leaving it. I
do not mean that with reference to my friend
from New York [Mr. Davis] in particular.
He is a very pleasant gentleman, and I think
very much of him. I speak generally.
Now, sir, I am aware that the practice has
been very different. I am aware that almost
froth the establishment of the Government un-
der the present Constitution, notwithstanding
the construction that was given to it by those
who framed it, we have practiced very differ-
ently under it, from the construction it would
bear according to the principles of right and
wrong. I have no doubt that they will find
woilds of authority to support the position that
by the practice which has prevailed for the last
half century South Carolina has been recog-
nized as a State with a republican form of gov-
ernment. and so has Mississippi, although in
each of those States one half of the native-born
population have been disfranchised, in violation*
of that vel'y provision ofthe Constitution which
I have just read.
And, sir, what has been the result of the vio-
lation of that principle? A terrible chastise-
ment has been received by the North, while the
South has been desolated by the scourge of war
for the last five years. It is because the prac-
tice has been false to the principles contained
in the Constitution of the United States; and
1 am not ready to-day, now that slavery has
been abolished, to break down one single barrier
■ of that instrument, but rather to strengthen it
by provisions which establish justice.
I have stated my objection, and I am sincere
and earnest in the declaration which I have made
as to my views on this floor. I do not know"
t]iat there are half a dozen in this House who
will sustain me. I know, however, that I am
on the side ofliberty and right, and I have sworn
to be on that side for the remainder of my days ;
and it is no matter what, consequences may fol-
low so long as a man has an approving con-
science that will carry him through every emer-
gency.
Mr. HILL. Will the gentleman yield for a
question ?
Mr. HIGBY. With pleasure for any ques-
tion that is pertinent.
Mr. HILL. I have listened to the gentle-
man's statement, that in his opinion there is
scarcely a republican form of government in
any of the States of the Union. I simply desire
to inquire whether he would favor us with his
opinion as to what would bo a republican form,
of government.
Mr. IilGBY. Well. Mr. Speaker, I am sorry
if the gentleman has lived to l'i:■ time of life and
has obtaineda positionin this House as the Rep-
resentative of a large constituency without find-
ing out what a republican form of government, is.
Mr. HILL. 1 ask the gentleman 
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from
California yield the floor?
Mr. HIGBY. I cannot, because it is not a
pertinent question. I have stated that, in two
States in the Union there has been a palpable
violation of the principles contained in the Con-
stitution. I will ask the gentleman if he thinks
that, those States that have excluded and dis-
franchised more llian half of their native popu-
lation have a republican form of government?
Mr. HILL. The gentleman has propounded
to'me a question, and I will answer it by saying
that in my opinion, when the framers of the
Constitution placed in that instrument the decla-
ration or the provision that the Government of
the Llnited States would guaranty to eaeli Stat e a
republican form of government, they spoke with
reference to such governments as then existed,
and such as those same framers recognized for
a long time afterward as republican govern-
ments. That is my answer.
Mr. HIGBY. Well, that is a very good
answer. It is an answer from a stand-point
seventy-five years ago. I speak from the stand-
point of tlje present time.
