1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2451
ized under ccrtairi circumstances to take pos-
session of the mails and lake possession of a
post office. That is done sometimes ; bat if
the President ever dismissed an officer except
in pursuance of a law that was passed author-
izing it to be done, as is the case in some
instances in the military service—if he ever
undertook to dismiss an officer and to leave
the office vacant without designating some-
body temporarily, ad interim, to take charge
of it, I am not aware of it. It has happened
here with Cabinet ministers that sometimes a
person has been designated to perform the
auties ad interim of a Cabinet minister; but I
have yet to learn of an instance where an
officer has been removed and nobody put in
charge. It seems to me such a case never
•would occur; or if it did occur it would be, as
is suggested to me, safe to submit the matter
to the consideration of the Senate whether we
would not give compensation.
Mr. STEWART. I should like to ask the
Senator a question. I do not know whether I
understand him correctly. Does he contend
that appointing a person to an office without in
form removing the incumbent, that adopting
the usual course of putting one out and putting
the other in, is not appointing a man to fill a
vacancy?
Mr. TRUMBULL. I understand the Sen-
ator's question, and I say it is not appointing a
man to fill a vacancy ; there is no vacancy in
that case. It has occurred here within two
•weeks, it is a matter now of public notoriety,
that there was a person nominated to the Sen-
ate as collector of internal revenue in the dis-
trict of St. Louis in place of another man
removed. That is the way the communication
to the Senate reads. The Senate rejected the
nominee. Now, is not the previous incumbent
there? Has he been removed? If we had
confirmed the nominee, would it have been a
confirmation to the vacancy ? It would have
been a confirmation to take the place of the
man removed, and there never would bo an
instant of time when there would have been a
vacancy.
Mr. STEWART. But must there not be a
vacancy necessarily before he can enter upon
the office? Does the Senator contend that
both can be in office at the same time, and that
there is not necessarily a vacancy happening
at some time, and that the appointment is not
for the purpose of putting a man in that va-
cancy whenever it does occur? No matter how
short a time there is, one must go out and the
other come in. They cannot both be in the
office at the same time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I suppose the Senator
from Nevada wants to demonstrate the math-
ematical proposition that two bodies cannot be
in the same place at the same time. 1 suppose
it is possible for the Senator from Nevada to
go out of his seat and somebody else to come
into it. and that there never is an instant of
time when the office is vacant, no more than
there is a time when the office of the President
of the United States is vacant. It is not a
vacancy. That is not the vacancy contemplated
by the Constitution of the United States.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the Senator
one question.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I am willing to be cat-
echised.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. In vacation cannot an
officer resign his office and his resignation be
accepted, and will there not then be a vacancy ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. Have I not been argu-
ing for an hour that that was the very vacancy
which the Constitution authorized to be filled,
that that was a vacancy, and that such cases
were the only cases of vacancy, and that a
removal is not the vacancy contemplated by
the Constitution. When the Senator from
Wisconsin, after I have repeated over the words
of the Constitution, and argued to show as well
as I could that the vacancy which the President
was authorized to fill up by a commission was
a vacancy occasioned by a resignation, death,
or otherwise, as is provided here in the amend-
ment, rises, and wit)) a look of wisdom asks
me if I do not admit that when a man dies
there is a vacancy, [laughter,] and then wants
to ask some other question, why, sir, it is
trifling.
Mr. DOOLITTLE rose.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I shall be through in a
moment. I will not yield any further. I de-
cline to yield any further to that class of ques-
tions. [Laughter.]
I have said, sir, I believe, all that I designed
to say in rising, which was chiefly to reply to
the extraordinary speech of the Senator from
Massachusetts, who charged upon those of us
supporting this measure an attempt to divide
the party; and having replied to that I am
willing to yield the floor to him or the Senator
from Wisconsin or anybody else that wants it.
Mr. WILSON. Mr. President, I followed
the Senator from Illinois and voted for his
measure. I saw, on looking around the Senate,
that some of our ablest and most trusted Sen-
ators felt it to be their duty to vote against it.
I did not then believe. I do not now believe,
that any principle is involved in putting upon
this bill this measure. I thought the Congress
of the LTnitcd States would be in session for
sixty or seventy days to come ; that we should
have abundant time to mature carefully and
act upon a proper measure, one not sprung upon
us here in the Senate as an amendment to an-
other measure, one not dragged in here by a
few of our friends, without consultation with
others, but a measure brought into the Senate
by a committee, carefully framed and taken up
and examined, and deliberately acted upon.
It is well known that this question of execu-
tive power has been discussed in Congress on
several occasions by the most eminent men of
our country. The power of the President to
remove was carried in the Senate, originally,
by the casting vote of Vice President Adams ;
and a majority of the men in the Senate at that
time, who had been members of the Convention
that framed the Constitution, voted against this
power of the President. This same question
of executive power came up on other occasions,
especially in the debate on Foot's resolution,
when it was discussed with great ability by
Robbins, of Rhode Island, Clayton, of Dela-
ware, Barton, of Missouri, and other Senators,
in perhaps the ablest debate the Senate of the
United States ever knew. In 1835, on Mr.
Calhoun's report on executive power and influ-
ence, the question was again elaborately de-
bated. It is a question on which the most
eminent minds of the country have divided.
Mr. Hamilton said that.—
"The terms 'whieli may have happened,' implv
casualty, and denote such as, bavin? been onccfiilcrl,
have become vacant by accidental circumstances."
Daniel Webster thought as Hamilton thought,
and Chancellor Kent thought as Hamilton
thought. Mr; Webster said here in the Senate:
" I must still express my conviction that the de-
cision of Congress m 1780, which separated the power
of removal from the power of appointment, was
founded on an erroneous construction of the Con-
stitution.
"I have the dearest conviction that they [the Con-
vention! looked to no other mode of displacing an
officer than by impeachment or by the regular ap-
pointment of another person to the same place.
" 1 believe it to be within the just power of Con-
gress to reverse the decision of 1789. and I mean to
hold myself at liberty to act hereafter upon that
question as I shall think the safety of the Govern-
ment and of the Constitution may require."
Sir, I did not call the Senator from Illinois
to account and charge him with dividing our
friends; I made no charges whatever. 1 uttered
a few modest words in explanation of my own
action, and the Senator assumes that I charged
him with an attempt to divide our friends in
the Senate. I expressed my regret to see this
amendment pressed upon us when some of the
most eminent men of the Senate were opposed
to putting it upon this bill, and expressed their
readiness to vote for a bill carefully and prop-
erly prepared and brought in as an independent
measure. Until wo have tried that, why press
this ? If we adopt this as an amendment to the
present bill by a bare majority, what will be its
influence in the other House? I will say noth-
ing about its influence in the executive depart-
ment of the Government, for I do not think it
is proper here to consider that question. What
will be its influence among the people of the
country? The Senator from Vermont .[Mr.
Poland] told us yesterday that the people were
not anxious about executive power and patron-
age over them ; they were more fearful of its
influence over us; and I believe that he uttered
a great truth when lie made that declaratioft.
The Senator from Illinois chides me for act-
ing with gentlemen on the other side of the
Chamber. Well, sir, it so happened, not long
ago, that that Senator was found acting with
gentlemen on the other side of the Chamber,
and for one I did not reproach him with so
acting.
Mr. TRUMBULL. But I did not accuse
anybody of desiring to divide our friends.
Mr. WILSON. I have not accused the Sen-
ator of a desire to divide the party. 1 merely
referred to the fact that there was a division
of opinion in regard to the propriety of putting
this amendment on this bill—not a division ill'
regard to the amendment itself, but as to the
policy of putting it upon this bill. That is a
matter of policy and not of principle. Others
of our friends divided upon the resolution
which, it will be remembered, was passed by
the House of Representatives early in the ses-
sion, proposing to amend the Constitution in
regard to the basis of representation. I then
regarded and every day of my life since I
have regarded that division, resulting in the
defeat ot' the resolution, as a deplorable calam-
ity. Nineteen Union State Legislatures were
then in session, and if it had been adopted
they would at once have ratified it; and then,
according to the theory held by eminent. Sen-
ators and Representatives, it would to-day be
a part of the Constitution of the country. But
now, whatever amendment wo pass, other
Legislatures must be elected to act upon it;
j and the peril of carrying all these elections
everybody can see.
Sir, it seems to me that the Senator from
Illinois has no right to rise here and reproach
any of us who doubt the expediency of attach-
ing this measure to this bill, and he has no
right to charge us with dividing the party be-
cause a portion of us feel it to be our duty to
object to that, course. I will vote for a measure
to correct this abuse as an independent meas-
ure ; and if toward the close ot the session
such a measure shall fail, not through any fault
of the Senate or of the House of Representa-
tives. I will vote with the Senator from Illinois
to place it upon any other bill upon which it
| can be placed, and let it take its chances and
i share its fate. But at this time I do not fear
! that anything is lost by keeping this amend-
j ment off this bill. The discussion will do good;
I it has called our attention to the subject: and
| I believe in the light, of this debate a measure
I may be framed which shall bring together those
j of us who stood together in passing the most
| popular measure that was ever enacted by the
; Congress of the United States and one that has
i the deepest hold upon the heart and conscience
j of the country—the civil rights bill. _ I believe
! that we can pass such a measure in such a
I shape that it will receive, as it ought to receive,
; the confidence and support of the whole coua-
' try. But, sir, I do not complain of the active
Senator from Illinois; I know liis pertinacity
and his determination, and how he always clings
to any proposition that he makes. I sometimes
think it would be a great deal easier for him to
carry through important measures by a little
more of the spirit of deference to others and
of conciliation.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, the word
"vacancy" I shall not discuss at length, I
will slate only two or three cases where, in my
judgment, vacancies happen. If the officer
dies there is of couise a vacancy. If heshciild
remove out of the country there would be a
vacancy in the office. The Senator from Illi-
nois would not doubt that. . If he should resign
there would be a vacancy, provided the lesig-
nation were accepted. The vacancy by resig-
nation does ttQt happen till the President or
