,1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
11
39th Cong.,.. 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
listed, organized, armed, equipped, and sentinto
the field in less than a month. Sixty thousand
troops have repeatedly gone to the field within
four weeks. And ninety thousand infantry were
sent to the armies, from the five States of Ohio,
Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, within
twenty days.
When the rebellion commenced, the nation
was a stranger to war. Officers had little ex-
perience, privates had none. But the present
generation of men in this country are now vet-
eran soldiers. For the battle, the march, or
the siege, they are already trained. They are
as much at home iu the tented field as in the
farm-house, the manufactory, or the shop. No
time is required to train them.; and the speed
of the railroad and telegraph determines the
time required to raise an army in the United
States.
Second. As to arms and ammunition. The
disbanded armies were allowed to take home
their arms at a nominal price. Rust is not
likely to gather on the musket or saber borne
through the campaigns of 1864 and 1865. The
Government retains in its arsenals more than a
million of the best quality of arms and equip-
ments. The artillery on hand tasks the De-
partment for its means of storage. The man-
ufacture of ammunition requires materials for
which we have in some degree relied upon other
countries, because they could be had cheaper.
For this reason, and to guard against any mis-
chance, three years' stock of material for am-
munition has already been kept in store, and
the supply on hand is ample for any war that
can be waged against us by any nation.
Third. Clothing, transportation, and subsist-
ence. After selling or distributing among
freedmen and refugees all damaged or irregu-
lar clothing, the stock of clothing and material
in the quartermasters' depots is sufficient for
any armies that may be called into service. The
water transports and rolling stock, mules, wag-
ons and horses hold by the Government were
adequate to the movement and supply of larger
forces, in less time, than had heretofore been
known in war. The Government has disposed
or is disposing of this transportation, but it
remains in this country, and can answer any
exigency.
Army subsistence is derived from the coun-
try in which military operations are carried on,
or supplied from other markets. During the
war this most vital branch of the service never
failed. It answers to the demand, and is ever
ready to meet the national call.
II is plain, therefore, that the abundance of
our means for war enables the Government of
the United States to reduce the standing force
to a lower degree than any other nation. Un-
less war be actually raging, the military force
can be brought within very narrow limits.
However sudden the exigency calling for an
exhibition ofmilituiy power, it can be promptly
met. With our education, habits, and experi-
ence, the nation, while in the midst of peace,
is prepared for war.
The present military organization compre-
hends nineteen departments, embraced in five
military divisions, as follows:
1. 'The department of the East, Major Gen-
eral Joseph Hooker to command, to embrace
the isew England States, New York, and New
Jersey. Headquarters at New York city.
2. The Middle department, Major General
W. S. Hancock to command, to embrace the
States o'f West Virginia, Maryland, (excepting
the counties of Montgomery, that part of Anne
Arundel lying south of the Annapolis and Elk
Ridge railroad, and excluding the city of An-
napolis, Prince George's, Calvert, Charles, and
St. Mary's,) the county of Loudoun, and the
Shenandoah valley as far south as and includ-
ing Rockingham county, in Virginia, the States
of Delaware and Pennsylvania. Headquarters
at Baltimore.
a. The department of Washington, Major
General C. C. Augur to command, to embrace
the District of Columbia, the counties of Mont-
gomery, that part of Anne Arundel lying south
of the Annapolis and Elk Ridge railroad, and
including the city of Annapolis, Prince George's,
Calvert, Charles, and St. Mary's,in Maryland,
and Alexandria and Fairfax counties, in Vir-
ginia. Headquarters at Washington.
4. The department of the Ohio, Major Gen-
eral E. O. C. Ofd to command, to embrace the
States of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Wisconsin,
and Michigan. Headquarters at Detroit.
5. The department of the Tennessee, Major
General George Stoneman to command, to
embrace the State of Tennessee. Headquarters
at Knoxville.
6. The department of Kentucky, Major Gen-
eral John M. Palmer to command, to embrace
the State of Kentucky, and Jeffersonville and
New Albany, in Indiana. Headquarters at
Louisville.
7. The department of the Missouri, Major
General John Pope to command, to embrace the
States of Minnesota, Iowa, Missouri, and Kan-
sas, and the Territories of Colorado, Utah,
Nebraska, Dakota, Now Mexico, and Montana.
Headquarters at St. Louis.
8. The department of Virginia, Major Gen-
eral Alfred H. Terry to command, to embrace
the State of Virginia, excepting Alexandria,
Fairfax, and Loudoun counties, and the Shen-
andoah valley as far south as and including
Rockingham county. Headquarters at Rich-
mond.
9. The department of North Carolina, Ma-
jor General J. M. Schofield to command, to
embrace the State of North Carolina. Head-
quarters at Raleigh.
10. The department of South Carolina, Ma-
jor General Daniel Sickles to command, to em-
brace the State of South Carolina. Headquar-
ters at ClArleston.
11. The department of Georgia, Major Gen-
eral James B. Stcedman to command, to em-
brace the State of Georgia. Headquarters at
Augusta.
12. The department of Florida, Major Gen-
eral J ohn G. Foster to command, to embrace
the State of Florida. Headquarters at Talla-
hassee.
13. The department of Mississippi, Major
General Thomas J. Wood to command, to em-
brace the State of Mississippi. Headquarters
at Vieksburg.
14. The department of Alabama, Major Gen-
eral C. R. W ood to command, to embrace the
State of Alabama. Headquarters at Mobile.
lb. The department of Louisiana, Major
General E. R. S. Ctuiby to command, to em-
brace the. State of Louisiana. Headquarters at
New Orleans.
16. The department of Texas, Major G eneral
Ii. G. Wright to command, to embrace the
State of Texas. Headquarters at Galveston.
17. The department of Arkansas, Major Gen-
eral J.J. Reynolds to command, to embrace
the State of Arkansas and theindian Territory.
Headquarters at Little Rock.
18. The department of the Columbia, Brig-
adier General F. Steele to command, to em-
brace the State of Oregon, and Territories of
Washington and Idaho. Headquarters at hort
Vancouver.
19. The department of California, Major
General Irvin McDowell to command, to em-
brace the States of California and Nevada, and
Territories of New Mexico and Arizona. Head-
quarters at San Francisco.
1. The military division of the Atlantic,
Major General George G. Meade to command,
to embrace the department of the East, Middle
department, department of Virginia, depart-
ment of North Carolina, and department of
South Carolina. Headquarters at Philadelphia.
2. The military division of the Mississippi,
Major General W. T. Sherman to command,
to entbt ace the department of the Ohio, depart-
ment of the Missouri, and department of Arkan-
sas. Headquarters at St. Louis.
3. The military division of the Gulf, Major
General 1'. H. Sheridan to command, to em-
brace the department of Louisiana, department
of Texas, and department of Florida. Head-
quarters at Now Orleans.
4. The military division of the Tennessee,
Major General G. H. Thomas to command, to
embrace the department of the Tennessee, de-
partment of Kentucky, department of Georgia,
department of Mississippi, and department o*
Alabama. Headquarters at Nashville.
5. The military division of the Pacific, Ma jot
General H. W. Halleck to command, to em-
brace the department of the Columbia and det
partment of California. Headquarters at San
Francisco.
Indian hostilities upon the plains and the
overland routes to the Pacific coast have given
much annoyance, required the employment of
many troops, and occasioned great expense to
the Military Department. Several Indian coun-
cils have been held during the past season, and
large military expeditions sent out againsthos-
tile tribes and bands. What has been accom-
plished by treaty or by figlitingwilldoubtless be
exhibited in the official reports of the Indian
campaigns, which have not yet reached the
Department.
Disbanding the troops reduces at once the
amount to be expended in some items of appro-
priation, but in others requires larger immedi-
ate expenditures. Upon their discharge the
soldiers became entitled to all the installments
of bounty which would have fallen due at later
periods, and in many cases exceeding a year's
pay. The transportation of large armies from
the field, in southern States, to their remote
homes in the West, or in eastern and northern
States, made extraordinary drafts on the quar-
termaster's department, beyond what would
be required for armies marching or encamped.
The vast amount of live stock on hand requires
forage until sales can be made. These are ef-
fected with the utmost diligence; but still this
large item of expenditure continues through
a large part of the fiscal year. The financial
effects, therefore, of the reduction of the Army
and retrenchment of expenditures can only
operate to any great extent on the next fiscal
year.
To accomplish the great object of promptly
reducing the military expenditures, the follow-
ing G eneral Order was made by the Secretary of
War on the 28th of April:
FOIl KEBUCIXC EXPENSES OF THE MILITARY
ESTABLISHMENT.
General Orders, No. 77.
Ordered- I. That the chiefs of tho respective bu-
reaus of this Department proceed immediately to re-
duce the expenses of their respective departments to
what is absolutely necessary, in view of an immediate
reduction of the forces m tho field and garrison, and
the speedy termination ot hostilities, and that they
severally make out statements of tho reduction they
deem practicable.
II. That the Quartermaster General discharge all
ocean transports not required to biing home troops
in remote departments. All rirei and inland turns-
portation will be discharged except that required for
necessary supplies to troops in tho held. Purchases
ot horses, mules, wagons, and othwland transporta-
tion will be .-topped; also purchases of forage, cxcopt
what is required for immediate consumption. AU
purchases lor railroad construction and transporta-
tion will also be stopped.
III. That the Cummit;sary General of Subsistence
stop the purchase of supplies in his department, ex-
cept tor such as may, with what is on hand, be re-
quired for forces in the held, to the 1st of Juno next.
IV. That the Cliiet of Ordnance stop all purchases
of arms, ammunition, and materials therefor, and re-
duce the nianufactuiing oi arms and ordnance stores
in Government arsenals as rapidly as can he done
without injury to the service.
V. That tho Chiet of Engineers stop work on allfteld
fortifications and other works, except those for which
specific a.ppropiiations have been made by Congress
for completion, or that may be required for the proper
protection of woiks in progress.
VI. That a llWimfccr soldiers (paticnts)in hospitals,
veteran volunteers, veterans oS the 1'irst Army
corps, (Hancock's,) and enhited men of the i derail lit-
serve coi/>■;, who i equil'C no further medical treatment,
be bon or ably discharged from service, with immediate
payment. , , ,
All officers and enlisted men who ha ve been prisoners
likewise be honorably dnchaigcd.
Officers whose duty it is, under the resulations of
