12
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 22,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the service, to make out rolls and other final papers
connectcd with, the discharge and payment of soldiers,
are directed to make them out without delay, so that
this order may be carried into effect immediately.
Commanding generals of armies and departments will
look to the prompt execution of this work.
^ VII. The Adjutant General of the Army will cause
immediate returns to bemado by allcommanders in the
fiejd, garrisons, detachments, and posts, of their re-
spective forces, with a view to their immediate reduc-
tion.
VIII. -The Quartermaster's, Subsistence, Ordnance,
Engineer, andfrovostAIarshal General's departments
will reduce the number oi clerks and employes to that
absolutely required for closing the'busincss of their
respective departments, and will, without delay, re-
port to the Secretary of War the number required of
each class or grade.
The Surgeon Oeneral will make similar reductions
of medical officers, nurses, and attendants in his bu-
reau.
IX. The chiefs of the respective bureaus will imme-
diately cause property returns to be made out of the
public property in their charge, and ^statement of the
property au each that may be sold, upon advertisement
and public sale, without prejudice to the service.
X. The Commissary ofPrisoners will have rolls made
out of tho name, residence, time and place of capturc,
and occupation of all prisoners of war who will take
the oath of allegiance to the United States, to the end
that such as arc disposed to become good and loyal
citizens of the United (States, and who are proper ob-
jects of executive clemency, may be released upon the
terms that to the President shallseem fit and consist-
ent with public safety.
The administrative details of the Department
during the great military operations that have
been mentioned, and what has been done toward
a reduction to a peace establishment, will ap-
pear in the reports of the respective chiefs of
bureaus. *
ADJUTANT GENERAL'S REPORT.
From the report of the Adjutant General, it
will bo seen that the recruiting service of the
regular Army is progressing favorably; the
number of recruits enlisted for all arms, from
October 31, 1804, to October 1, 18G5, having
been 19,555. The regiments comprising it
have been distributed to stations, and their
ranks are rapidly filling up, thus enabling the
.Department to relieve regiments of volunteer
troops. The present authorized strength of the
regular regiments is 952 olliccrs and 41,81".) en-
listed men. This estimate is made on the basis
ol forty-two privates to a company, the num-
ber now allowed by law at all except frontier
posts.
It is recommended in the report that the
maximum standard be fixed at one hundred
enlisted men to a company.
'J'lie Adjutant General recommends that pro-
visions be made by law for enlisting one hun-
dred boys, not under twelve years of age, as
musicians, as was done before tho laws of 1804
and 1865 prohibited the enlistment of minors
under the age of sixteen years; that the laws
by which one half of their pay, during the pe-
riod of absence, is lost by officers absent with
leave for more than thirty days in one year,
e.\ecpt from wounds or sickness, be repealed;
and that an act be passed providing 1'or the en-
listment of meritorious disabled soldiers as su-
perintendents of the national cemeteries, num-
bering about forty, each to receive the pay and
allowance of aiforduance sergeant.
Eight volumes of reports of battles, with
maps and indexes, prepared under the resolu-
tion of Congress of May 19, 1864, have been
completed and sent to the Government Print-
ing Office. The publication of the greater part
of the remaining reports is only deferred until
the receipt of others not yet rendered, and
which are required to preserve the chronologi-
cal order observed in the preparation of the
volumes already completed. The Register of
volunteer officers called for by resolution of
June 30, 1804, and embracing some 200,000
names, will be completed by the time Congress
assembles.
The aggregate of volunteers, drafted men,
and substitutes ordered to the field between
the 1st of November, 1804, and 30th of April,
was 202,117. The number of volun-
teer,. drafted men, and militia mustered out
an' i.i-,!iiargcd within the same period was
i.i ;.;!<) in diM/andlng the forces no longer
' ter '.he cessation of hostilities, the
same machinery of mustering officers and de-
pots has been used as in recruiting. Regi-
ments have been sent home as fast as they
could be transported and paid, the officers be-
ing held responsible for the good behavior of
the men. Instances have been rare of any
disorders. Much credit is* due to mustering
officers, paymasters, and railroad companies,
through whose efforts troops numbering in the
aggregate 800,963 men, Jiavebeen transported,
mustered out, and paid.
On the 28th of April, 1865, it was -ordered
that returns be made of the volunteer forces in
the field, with a view to their immediate reduc-
tion, and in connection with this order regula-
tions were prepared and promulgated for their
muster out and discharge. In executing this
work, promptness and a proper protection of the
interests of the Government and the troops were
held in view; and among other measures neces-
sary to its completion, rendezvous were estab-
lished in the field, as well as in most of the
States. At the field rendezvous all surplus
property was taken possession of by the staff
officers of the respective supply departments,
and the muster-out rolls and other discharge pa-
pers prepared under the direction of corps com-
missaries of musters and their assistants. Corps
and department commanders were instructed to
see that the work was pushed with energy, using
for that end the division and brigade command-
ers, with their respective staff officers, to super-
intend it. As soon as a regiment or other or-
ganization had its muster-out papers prepared,
it was placed en route to its State for payment
and final discharge. At the State rendezvous
was located the chief mustering officer of the
State, or one or more of his assistants, with
paymasters, quartermasters, commissaries of
subsistence, and ordnance officers, wfiose duties
were with the payment and final discharge of the
troops; their care while awaiting the same; the
reception of the public property turned in by
them, and their transportation to their homes
after discharge.
By the foregoing arrangements the entire
force of commissaries and assistant commissa-
ries of musters for troops in the field have
been made available for the work, in con-
nection with the chief and other State muster-
ing officers. The most experienced muster-
ing officers and those most familiar with the
regimental records were secured ; the records
from which the mustering-out data were to
be obtained were readily accessible, and the
loss of records, (so common through the neg-
lect of regimental officers,) while the regi-
ments were en route from the field to their
States, was avoided. Regimental officers have
been held to a strict accountability in prepar-
ing the records, and the interests of the en-
listed men thus protected. Order and disci-
pline have been maintained while the troops
were ctT route to the States and after arrival
therein. Troops have been comfortably cared
for up to the moment they were paid off and
ready to start for their homes. Dissatisfac-
tion among them has been obviated and causes
for complaint removed, and all public prop-
erty has been easily secured and readily ac-
counted for.
The arrangements for the care of discharged
troops being completed, orders to muster out
and discharge the forces from service were is-
sued as follows:
April 29.—All recruits, drafted men, sub-
stitutes, and volunteers remaining at the sev-
eral State depots.
May 4.—All patients in hospitals, except
veteran volunteers and veterans of the First
Army corps, (Hancock's. )
May 8.—All troops, of the cavalry arm
whose term of service would expire prior to
October 1.
May 9.—All officers and enlisted men whose
terms would expire prior to May 31, inclu-
sive.
Ma}' 17.—All organizations of white troops
in the army of the Potomac whose terms of
service would expire prior to September 30,
inclusive.
May 18.—All organizations of white troops
in Major General Sherman's command, whose
terms of service would expire prior to Septem-
ber 30, inclusive.
May 29.—All artillery in the army of the
Potomac, Ninth Army corps, army of Georgia,
and army of the Tennessee.
May 29.—All organizations of white troops
whose terms of service would expire prior to
September 30, inclusive, in armies and depart-
ments, except departments of the East, New
Mexico, Pacific, and Northern.
June 2.—All surplus light artillery; that
only absolutely required by the necessities of
the service in the respective armies and de-
partments to be retained.
June 5.—All dismounted cavalry, all in-
fantry in the Northern department and depart-
ment of the East, and all cavalry in the depart-
ment of the East.
June 16.—All troops in the department of
the Pacific whose terms of service would expire
prior to October 1.
June 17.—All enlisted men of the Veteran
Reserve corps who would have been entitled to
their discharge had they remained with their
regiments.
June 28.—-Eighteen thousand veterans (in-
fantry) of the army of the Potomac; 15,000 of
tho army of the Tennessee, (then consisting of
the remaining regiments of thearmy of Georgia
and army of tho Tennessee;) and 7,000 of the
Middle military division.
June 30.—All surplus troops, except in the
department of the Gulf, army of the Tennes-
see, Provisional corps army of the Potomac,
and First Army corps. Strength of commands,
for all arms, to be reduced to the minimum
necessary to meet the requirements of the ser-
vice.
July 1.—All remaining veteran regiments of
the army of the Tennessee and Provisional
corps army of the Potomac; (that corps was
the remnant of the army of the Potomac.)
July 6.—The remainder of the army of the
Tennessee.
July 7.—The remainder of the Provisional
corps army of the Potomac.
July 21.—All cavalry in the department of
Virginia except two regiments, all in the de-
partment of jN orth Carolina except one regi-
ment, and all in the Middle department except
one regiment.
August 1.—All white troops, infantry, cav-
alry, and artillery, in the department of Texas,
which, in the judgment of Major General Sher-
idan, could be dispensed with.
August 3.—The same order was extended to
the department of Louisiana.
August 14.—Additional infantry and heavy
artillery (white) in military departments, as
follows: Virginia, 5,000; North Carolina, 8,000;
Washington, 8,000; Mississippi, 2,000; Ken-
tucky, 5,000; Middle, 6,000.
August 21. —Three thousand additional white
troops in the department of Arkansas.
September 8.—All surplus troops in the de-
partment of Washington, so as to reduce that
command to 6,000 officers and men of all arms.
•September 8.—All organizations of colored
troops which were enlisted in northern States.
October 9.—All the remaining forces (white)
of the cavalry arm east of the Mississippi.
October 9.—All troops on the Pacific coast,
as many as possible immediately; the remainder
on tho arrival of the last battalion of the four-
teenth United States infantry.
October 10.—All troops in New Mexico;
one regiment immediately, the remainder on
the arrival of certain regular troops.
In addition to the foregoing, and from time
to time, as the services of the troops could be
dispensed with, sixty-eight regiments, seven
companies, and six battalions were ordered
mustered out.
The rapidity with which the work has been
executed will be apparent from the fact that
