M92
TBI CONGRESSIONAL GLOB!.
March 19
i
are two tribes living adjacent to a town, no-
body shall be permitted to sell anything to
those Indians, or to barter or trade with them,
except one particular man, at his own price or
at a price regulated by the Indian agent?
Mr. LANK, of Kansas. They do not buy
all of their goods from that merchant, they only
buy such as they choose. They can take their
money and go into the town and purchase of
anyone; but it will not do to let the merchants
gointo the tribe.
Mr. GRIMES. They can take their money
and go into the town and purchase, provided
they can get the agent, who is in partnership
with the trader, to pay them the money, which
he will refuse to do. He will in every instance
hold it in his hand until the payment comes,
and then he will set it off to the Indian trader
first, before anything is paid to the Indian. I
appeal to the Senator's colleague if that is not
the history in connection with all these Indian
transactions? I know it, and I think the Sen-
ator from Kansas knows it. I have seen it
done and I know it is done everywhere. The
only way to remedy this is to allow the Indians
to trade with just whomsoever theyplease.
The Senator says the objection is that if you
allow them to trade with these other persons
liquor will be introduced. Cannot liquor just
as well be introduced now as if you allow half
a dozet* persons to trade or if you allow any-
body to trade ?
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. They do not allow
more than one to enter the reserve.
Mr. GRIMES. Just as many persons will
go there to trade a3 find it to their interest to
go. If five or six merchants can be supported
by the trade with a tribe of Indians, then five
or six men will engage in that trade, neither
more nor less; and if any of them. violate the
rules and regulations prescribed by Congress
or by the head of the Interior Department to
regulate intercourse with the Indian tribes, that
moment, under (he provision which I have sub-
mitted to the Senate, his license to trade is
revoked, the penally of his bond can be en-
forced against him. Now, do you have any
greater advantage in the case of one traderthan
you have in the case of six traders ? Can you
enforce it against one any more than you can
against any one of the six ? Are you unwilling
that these poor Indians shall be permitted to
trade where they can trade the cheapest? I
tell you, Mr. President, that one of the great
sources ol corruption in connection with this
whole subject is your piesent system of allow-
ing the Indian agentto sclcct the Indian trader.
Mr. CONNESS. I wish to remind the Sen-
ator from Iowa that in this amendment he does
not, as I understand it. repeal the present pro-
vision which provides for the appointment of a
special trader. ^ That still remains, but he pro-
vides for additional traders. Why not provide
that there shall be no special trader?
Mr. GRIMES. I think this will cover it.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time.
Mr. CONNESS. On the passage of the bill
I call for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 19, nays 16; as follows"
YE AS—-Messrs. Buelcalew.Cragin, Doolittle. Poster,
Grimes Hmvc. Ivirkwood, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Nusmit b, IS or on Nye, btewart, Sumner, Trumbull,
Van Winilc, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—19.
JNAlis—Messrs. Chandler. Conncss, Creswell Da-
vis, Fessonden, Guthrie, Harris, Hendricks, John-
son, Poland, Pnmcroy, Rn.msey, Saulsbury,Sherman
apraeue, and Williams:—16.
ABSEXT—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Clark, Cowan,
XJixon. ioot, Henderson, Howard, Lane of Indiana,
McDou&all, Morrill, Itiddle, Stockton, Wade, and
Wright—15.
So the bill was passed.
JOSE DOMINIUM.
Mr. CONNESS. I move to proceed to the
consideration of Senate bill No. 189, reported
a few days since by the honorable chairman of
we Committee on Private Land Claims. It is
a fm. excite no discussion,
ihe motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 189) to confirm the grant of certain lands
to Jos6 Domingues, in California, was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. Its pur-
pose is to confirm the grant to Jos6 Domingues
of the land known as Los Prietos y Najalaye-
gua, in the county of Santa Barbara, granted
to him at Los Angeles, September '24,1845, by
Governor Pio Pico, and approved by the de-
partmental assembly of Alta California June 3,
1846. The surveyor general of California is to
proceed and survey the lands in accordance
with the original title papers on file in his office,
and when the survey shall have been approved
by the Commissioner of the General Land Of-
fice a patent is to be issued to Domingues or
the parties holding under him by inheritance
or otherwise. This confirmation is only to be
construed as a relinquishment on the part of
the United States, and is not to affect the ad-
verse right of any person whomsoever.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
IMMIGRATION OF FOREIGN CRIMINALS.
Onmotion of Mr. SUMNER, the jointresolu-
tion (S. No. 45) protesting against pardons by
foreign Governments of persons convicted of
infamous offenses, on condition of emigrating
to the United States, was considered as in
Committee of the Whole.
The preamble to the resolution recites, it
appears from official correspondence that the
authorities of Basleland, a canton in Switzer-
land, have recently undertaken to pardon a
person convicted of murder on the condition
that he would emigrate to America, meaning
thereby the United States; and that there is
reason to believe that similar pardons of per-
sons convicted of infamous offenses have been
granted in other countries. It is therefore pro-
posed to resolve that the Congress of the Uni-
ted States protests against such acts as un-
friendly and inconsistent with the comity of
nations, and requests the President of the
United States to cause a copy of this protest
to be communicated to the representatives of
the United States in foreign countries, with
instructions to present it to the Governments
where they are accredited respectively, and to
insist that no such acts shall, under any circum-
stances, be repeated.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment.
Mr. SUMNER. Before the Senate vote on
the resolution I will make a brief explanation.
The preamble sets forth certain facts, to wit,
that there is an official correspondence show-
ing that the authorities of Basleland, in Swit-
zerland, have recently undertaken to pardon a
person convicted of murder on the condition
that he would emigrate to America, meaning
thereby the United States. That official cor-
respondence has been printed and is now on
your tables. There is also a further corre-
spondence, which I have in my hand, which has
been communicated to me by the Department
of State since this resolution was reported from
the committee, showing, I am sorry to say, that
such acts have taken place under the Govern-
ment ol Great Britain ; that especially has it
been the habit in the island of Newfound-
land to pardon persons convicted of infamous
offenses on condition that they would come to
the United States ; and there are several very
recent instances of pardons in the kingdom of
Hanover in Germany. For instance, I have
here a copy of two scraps from a German news-
paper. One is from the Luneburg Advertiser of
September 10, 1865, Luneburg being a town of
the kingdom of Hanover:
" Within the last few months our chief justice has
pardoned three of the greatest criminals in the king-
dom on conditisn they emigrato to the United States.
Henry Gieske fortheft, J. Sander for arson, and John
Winter for robbery. The two former are already on
their way to New York from Hamburg."
Then there is another scrap from the same
newspaper of the date of November 12, 1865:
"The culprit Camman, who was condemned to
death for highway robbery and murder, has had his
punishment commuted to emigration to America "
Besides this, within a few days, since this
joint resolution was reported, I have seen a
gentleman who narrated to mean incident that
occurred to him in one of the prisons of Baden
Baden during the last year. Visiting that
prison he heard himself the jailor or an officer
of the prison make a proposition to a criminal
to the effect that he should be pardoned on
the condition that he would emigrate to the
United States.
The Committee on Foreign Relations had
thiss.ubject under consideration, and they gave
some attention to the point whether we could
adopt any legislation to counteract this. If
Senators will reflect on that they will find great
difficulty in meeting it by legislation. For in-
stance, suppose we should undertake to require
passports or a system of surveillance of all
persons who arrive from Europe, there you im-
pose upon the innocent as well as the guilty a
great deal of trouble. A system of passports
has not been in use with us except during a
very brief period of our recent war. It was
thought that the case, perhaps, would hardly
justify that.
Anothcrprocccding, perhaps, might be to sub-
ject vessels to certain penalties, provided they
should import such persons, if you could bring
home to the master of the vessel any knowledge
of the character of the persons. But there,
again, Senators will see the difficulty of bring-
ing home that, knowledge. For the present,
the committee thought that they would content
themselves with the joint resolution which I
have reported, which will put on record the
sentiments of Congress on this subject, and will
reenforce the action of the Executive. I under-
stand that our representatives in different parts
of the world have, wherever they have known
of these offensive incidents, earnestly entered
their protest; but I desire, for one, that in
entering that protest hereafter they should feel
that they are supported by the solemn judgment
of Congress on this question.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 should like to inquire of
the honorable Senator, the chairman of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, whether the
mere expression of an opinion, which must be
taken in advance to be the opinion of the peo-
ple of the United States and the Government
of the United States, is in any respect such a
remedy as should be applied to so grave an of-
fense as pardoning criminals upon the condition
that they shall come to this country. And fur-
ther, if it would not be better to instruct by this
resolution the executive Government to give
the notice contemplated, and then provide that
if such an act was repeated by that Government,
it would become the duty of this Government,
and the President would be instructed to do it,
to cease communication with that Government,
to withdraw our representative, and to refuse to
allow theirs to remain longer in this country.
_ While upon this subject 1 desire to call atten-
tion to a very offensive course, involving this
same principle, or nearly the same, which is pur-
sued by States of the Union against each other.
It is a somewhat common practice for the Gov-
ernors of States to pardon their offenders and
criminals and release them from the State peni-
tentiaries upon condition that they leave the
State. Th,en they are at liberty to go into any
foreign country or go into any other Stale of the
Union. I believe it is a common practice, and I
suggest whether it should not also call for legis-
lation, although it does not relate to foreign
affairs. I believe it is a common practice and
one certainly that deserves to be suppressed, for
it is a very poor donation to make to any State
to send criminals of another to it.
But it appears to me that this resolution does
not meet the case at all. It simply undertakes
to declare by form of law what the whole world
must know to be the opinion of Congress with-
out declaring it; but if the resolution provided
that after the notification we should cease in-
tercourse with any nation that should under-
take to perpetrate such an offense against this,
then it would provide for the application of a
remedy.
Mr. SUMNER. I think the Senatoi is a
