428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 25,
Mr. HILL. If the gentleman will permit me
to make one further statement in regard to our
former colloquy I will be obliged to him. It
is simply this: that the gentleman probably
misunderstood me when I interrupted him be-
fore in supposing that I had no opinion on the
question of what constituted a republican form
of government. That was not my statement.
I only asked the gentleman to give us the bene-
fit of'his opinion. That was what I wanted—
not that I had no opinion.
Mr. HIGBY. The gentleman from Massa-
chusetts [Mr. Dawes] asked me the question,
and I answered it definitely. The gentleman
may not have been listening when I made my
answer.
Mr. HILL. I beg the gentleman's pardon
if such is the fact, for I did not know it.
Mr. HIGBY. My answer was that no State
is republican in form that, excludes! from the
suffrage any portion of its citizens on account
of race or color, I do not, care how few the
number. That was my answer. 1 do not know
♦but that some of these Slates may have their
constitutions republican in form, bet I must
confess that their practice under their consti-
tutions has been very different from the pre-
cepts contained in them. 1 judge by their
action and practice.
Sir, 1 do not dwell upon this for the purpose
of advocating the amendment that has been
introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Lawrence,] because, as I have before said, I
am not so strenuous as to the form that shall
be used or the basis adopted, provided that it
shall get rid of this odious language that will
give a constiaction to other portions of the
Constitution.
The gentleman from Maine. [Mr. Bi.aixe.] a
few days ago, made a short and very apt speech
upon this question, and confined himself very
properly to his subject,. 1-was pleased with
the manner in which he handled the subject,
and I was not aware that he was so wide in his
figures until I made an examination afterward.
I knew he was wide in his figures and away from
the facts with reference to my own State, but 1
could not speak with reference to other States.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. W. ,T.
McDoxald, its Chief Clerk, informed the House
that the Senate had passed a bill (S. No. 30)
to create an additional land district, in the Slate
of Oregon: and also a bill (S, No. (Hi) author-
izing an increase in I lie clerical force in the Post,
Ollice Department ; in which lie was directed to
ask the concurrence of the House.
BASIS OK W'VPKHSKNTATION AflAlNT.
Mr. 1IIGBY, Mr. Speaker, the gentleman
from Maine gave figures showing the male pop-
ulation of the Stat a of Vermont and of the Stale
of California, plaeinglhem ineomparison. And
he also compared (wo other Stales, but J shall
refer more particularly to the first t.wo. I ha\c
no amendment to oiler. I think there are
enough already before the House. 1 himply
present my views, If this amendment which is
reported by the committee, together with those
others which have been presented, shall be sent
back to the committee, then that, committee will
understand something of the shape and form of
an amendment, that will meet willi favor, not
only from the propositions introduced here, but
from the remarks which arc made by members
in this debate.
Now, sir, I think the better test of this ques-
tion is the votes that, are given from year to
year. By taking the rotes for two or three
yeara, at different elections, we are morclikely
to get at a correct test of the male population
that are entitled to the right of the elective fran-
chise than wo are from census returns. Be- I
lieving that to be the most correct test, I shall
give the figures of the votes in the two Slates,
from an authentic statement before me.
In ^ erinont, in 1805, the whole vote for Gov-
ernor was 33,450; in 1801 the whole vote for
Governor was 43,543. The whole vote for Presi-
dent in lb04 was 55,740. These are the differ-
ent votes recently given in that State. In 1860
the whole vote for President was 44,644.
Now. sir, I turn to the votes of California.
In 1865, at the October judicial election, the
whole vote given was 55,907 ; but that was not
a test vote, because the judicial election never
calls out a large vote, but it is given here first;
and what is more, the soldiers' vote had not yet
been received. In 1863 the whole vote was
109,102 ; in 1864 the whole vote was 105,975.
I have given all the votes that are contained in
this statement. I will state further, however,
that at the gubernatorial election in 1801 there
were over 119,000 votes cast for G overnor. The
voti ng population of the State of California has
wasted within the last six years over 10,000.
Mr. MORRILL. I presume the gentleman
from California desires to be accurate in his
statements, and so far from the vote of Vermont
being an accurate or fair test of the number of
the male population in the. State, it is very far
from being so. The male citizens of the State
over twenty-one years of ago number something
like' eighty-seven thousand, while it is very
seldom that half of them are brought up to the
polls even on a contested election. In Ver-
mont there is such-a strong preponderance
of the Union or Republican party that it is no
object for that party to bring all its members
to the polls.
Mr. HIGBY. I am very glad to have been
interrupted by my friend from Vermont, [Mr.
Morrill.] His statement makes it more favor-
able lo my own State, for the very reason that
there is no gubernatorial or presidential elec-
tion iu California but what the Stale is scoured,
every nook and corner, every hill-side and gulch
searched lo find a voter and get him to the polls.
And f venture the assertion that there are not
two thousand voters in the State who are not
brought to the polls at every gubernatorial or
presidential election.
And 1 will state one other thing in this con-
nection, and then 1 have done. It is this: it
must be borne in mind that the great amount
of foreign population that comes to this coun-
try, instead of stopping and settling in the older
States, goes lo the Territories and new States.
And you will find, if a census should be so taken
as to discriminate between the native born and
the foreign born of your population, a far greater
proportion is to be found in the western States
than iu the older or eastern States. And of
that population, there is always a largo pro-
poition still foreigners who have not yet taken
advantage of our naturalization laws to quality
them to be electors.
And another thing: I believe it is still held
in some of the States, and constitutions are so
framed, that those who are not citizens, either
native born or naturalized foreign born, arc
allowed to vote. 1 havoonlyto say in this con-
nection, that while by the Constitution of the
Uniied Stales Congress are. to make provisions
by which foreign-born persons may become cit-
izens, a Slate attempts to confer a right and a
privilege upon an individual the highest that
he can obtain under the laws of the United
Stales by the process of naturalization ; thus
negativing as it were that portion of the Con-
stitution which requires Congress to make pro-
visions to enable those foreign born to become
citizens.
Now, my hope, my wish is that this joint reso-
lution shall go back to the committee. [ do
not wish it, disposed of here, to be voted down.
I want, if it is possible, that it shall be so framed
that it shall receive the full constitutional ma-
jority required, and be a proposition that shall
operate with full force in all those States that
now have a great population excluded from the
rights of citizenship.
Mr. STEVENS. Tf the gentleman proposes
to send it back to the commitree without instruc-
tions, I would ask him what we are to do.
There are not quite as many'views upon this
floor as there are members ; but the number
lacks very little of it. And how are we to
gather up all those views spread through all this
discussion, and accommodate ail, -when each
view would now probably receive from one to
three votes in its favor ?
Mr. HIGBY. 1 have only this to say ; with my
views of the Constitution, I never can vote for
this proposition with this provisio m it in its
present language. I say that it gives a power
to the States to make goveftiments that are not
republican in form.
Mr. STEVENS. I say to my friend that if
I thought that according to any portion, or verse,
or chapter of Lindley Murray, by any fair con-
struction of language, such an interpretation
could be given as he gives, I would vote against
it myself. But I do not believe there is any-
thing in that objection.
Mr. HIGBY. '' Provided, that wheneverthe
elective franchise shall be denied or abridged
in any Slate on account of race or color, all
perstms of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation."
Mr. STEVENS. May I ask my friend one
question? Does that take from or add to any
powers which the States now have?
Mr. HIGBY. I beg pardon of the gentle-
man ; he cannot get rid of this proposition in
that way. I ask him distinctly if it does not
acknowledge a power m a State to do such a
thing.
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir, it does acknowl-
edge it, and it has always existed under the
Constitution.
Mr. HIGBY. I do not acknowledge that it
is in the Constitution as it now is.
Mr. STEVENS. Then wo do not give it to
them.
Mr. FARNSWORTII. Will the gentleman
from California [Mr. Hioisy] allow me to make
a suggestion lo him?
ilr. lUGBY. My time is limited, and I have
promised to yield a portion of it to the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bixgiiam.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I desire but a mo-
ment.
Mr. HIGBY. Very well: I will yield.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. My suggestion is this:
the Constitution now provides that Congress
shall not until a certain year deny to any of
the States the right to import slaves—that is
the meaning of it. Now, the language of that
provision of the Constitution did not give the
right to the States to engage in piracy. Yet the
Slates did understand that the Constitution au-
thorized them to continue this piracy until the
year named, and they did continue to import
slaves and sell tliem. And can it not be implied
from language not so clear, not so slrong, that
by this amendment a State is given the right to
disfranchise the half of her people?
Mr. STEVEXS. Nobody understood it so ;
everybody understood that, without that prohi-
bition they had the right, and with that prohi-
bition it was restrained from a certain time;
nothing more.
Mr. HIGBY. I now yield the remainder of
liiytime to the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bixg-
li A.M.]
The SPEAKER pro tempore. (Mr. AYejct-
woktii. ) There are fifteen minutes left of the
time to which the gentleman from California
[Mr. Higby] is entitled.
Mr. BINGHAM. I thank the honorable gen-
tleman [Mr. Hiouy] for yielding me the floor,
and I hope it u ill be the pleasure of the House
to extend the time, as I shall not be able in the
fifteen minutes allowed me by the gentleman's
coartcsy to present properly my views of the
important question before us.
I stand hero this day impressed with the
belief that amendments to the Constitution of
the United States are imperiously demanded by
reason of the changed condition of the country.
If the loyal people who have by arms saved the
Republic shall not insure its safety by laws as
well, then 1 fear iu vain have the bravest and
the noblest and the best of its sons gone down
in its defense amid the tempest and the shock
of battle. Unless this Congress, charged as it
is, like the first Continental Congress, with the
care of the liberties of all, shall perform the
duty enjoined upon it, and send to the people
