1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3413
worth as much as $1,200, which is the maxi-
mum, if he is a faithful clerk.
Mr. IIENDRIClvS. On the amendment
which I have suggested I have but a word or
two more to say to the Senate. I was a little sur-
prised that the Senator from Illinois, in resist-
ing the amendment which 1 have now proposed,
should go back to the discussion of the four-
teenth section of the bill. That was before
the Senate a few minutes ago, and the Sena-
tor did not feel it to be his duty to discuss it;
but to meet the proposition to amend the third
section he discusses the fourteenth. Now, I
am not able to see the connection between the
two sections. I am not able to see the rele-
vancy between the two subjects, but it was
agreeable to the Senator, and not disagreeable
to me, that he should make that argument. The
Senator says that the fourteenth section is in-
tended for a condition of society bordering on
that of war, when the courts cannot exercise
their powers in any particular community, and
that the civil rights bill was not intended for
that condition of society. I thought the civil
rights bill was better adapted to that state of
society than to a state of society when the
courts of the States arc in full operation.
The Senator has discusscd the confidence
which he has, and which I ought to have, in
the President of the United States. I hope
the Senator has as much confidence as I; not
less. For much of the policy of the President
of the United States 1 have the greatest rcspect.
In what is known as his '' policy'' I have entire
confidence, and give it 1113' cordial support;
but why docs the Senator repeat that which
has so often been alluded to in the Senate, the
fact that the President of the United States
has exercised, to say the least of it, in my .judg-
ment, a doubtful power in refusing to Com-
mander Kemmes the right to hold a civil office
in the city of Mobile? Is the Senator dissat-
isfied with the action of the President in that
regard, that he brings it up so frequently in the
Senate? It was certainly desirable that that
pet«on should not hold the office: and if the
President could bring himself to believe that
lie had the power to say he should not, 1 am
gratified that lie should do so. But I think it
very strange that Senators who for the last
tour or five years have cxcreised and apolo-
gised for the exercise of powers not defined or
delegated in the law should now be so earnest
in their demand that the President shall stand
exactly upon the letter of the law. The pur-
pose of ihe President,, 1 presume, meets with
tin1 approval of the Senator. Then, if it was
a doubtful power, that Senator, according to
the course he has pursued for several years,
tlio purpose being a good one, ought to seek ail
apology for it rather than to criticise it.
The question now is simply whether the Com-
missioner shall have the power to appoint as j
many clerics and agents as he pleases; and I 1
did not think that the Senator was happy in j
mcetmgtbal.paiTicularpoint. lie says that the |
salary is fixed. 1 say to the Senator that the ;
salary is not fixed. The number is not defined, i
and the salary is not fixed. This bill provides
that the clerks and agents shall not receive less
than $.300 nor more than SI,200; but if the
Commissioner chooses, he may give to one man
$•300 and to another man $1,200 for doing the ,
very same thing. The Senator says he could !
not vote for the proposition of the Senator from .
Maine the other day, because it gave the Sec-
retary of the Treasury the power to pay one
man more for the same service than another;
he might give one man $10,000 a year; bat
the amount in the aggregate was fixed in the
bill. Here the number of officers and the sal-
ary are both left to the discretion of the Com-
missioner. 1 think that the proposition cer-
tainly will not receive the support of the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. WILSON. I take it we would all agree
with the Senator from Indianaatid fix the num-
ber of officers and define their pay if it was in
our power to do so; but we do not know pre-
cisely the number of officers that will be needed
and we cannot tell the exact amount of their
duties. In one State it will be much larger
than in others. We have, therefore, been
driven to the necessity of allowing the Com-
missioner, under the direction of the Presi-
dent, to appoint these officers, "so far as the
same shall be, in his judgment, necessary for
the efficient and economical administration of
the affairs of the bureau." The object is to
have as few employes as it is possible to get
along with, and to pay them at the cheapest
rate. We authorize them, in order to avoid
the necessity of 'appointing new men, to detail
men from the Army. We provide, also, that
the clerks appointed shall have a salary of not
less than $500 nor more than $1,200, and the
persons to bo appointed will receive a salary
somewhere between those two sums. I think
the provision of the bill as it now stands is
imposed upon us by the very necessities of the
case. Wherever we can define the number of
officers and fix their salaries, I think it is our
duty to do it; but 1 think we cannot do it here ;
and I hope, therefore, that the amendment will
not be adopted.
Mr. FESSENDEN. This is a pretty ex-
tensive power provided for in this bill. The
exercise of it is very large. As the Senator
from Indiana observed, the number seems to
be unlimited and the pay not fixed. Ordina-
rily, I'should be very much averse to granting
such a power ; but inasmuch as two very dis-
tinguished Senators who have carefully exam-
ined the subject—the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts and the honorable Senator from
Illinois—and the committee of which the hon-
orable Senator from Massachusetts is chairman
who have thoroughly examined the subject,
have come to the conclusion, and tell us as
the result of their examination, from their
acquaintance with the subject and their famil-
iarity with il, thai, they are satisfied there is an
absolute necessity for the purposes of the Gov-
ernment that it should lie granted, and as I
have not examined the question, and cannot
pretend to be able to correct them, I shall
yield my opinions to theirs, according to my
usual custom. Notwithstanding that they
would not uttncli the slightest consequence
the other day to my assertion and the asser-
tion of' the Committee on Finance that they
bad thoroughly examined the subject then un-
der consideration, and in their judgment there
was no oilier mode in which the business could
properly be done, I am disposed to carry out
iny own principle of action with regard to
committees instead of following their exam-
ple. [Laughter.]
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I have one more amend-
ment to sngffest, and then as far as I am con-
cerned the bill may abide its fate. I move to
strike out all after the twenty-seventh line in
the third section.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
lie stricken out, as follows:
And aJ! prisons appointed to sorviceunder this act
an<l the act to winch Ibis is ait amendment, shall be
so far deemed in the imhhirv ice of the United
Stales as to be under the imlihnv jurisdiction and
entitled to the imhtaiy jtrntoetum of thcUovorn-
meiit while in dic-chin^e of the duties of their office.
Mr. IIENDIUCKS. I make this motion
because I do not think that this bureau will
in fact be a part of the Army of the United
Stales; it will not be organized as a part of
the Army; nor will it have the duties to dis-
charge which belong to the Army. In no
proper sense, speaking the truth, is it a part
of the military force of the country; and to
say that it shall be resanled as a part of the
Army under the military law is simply to force
it into that position. It does not properly
belong there. It is civil service, to superin-
tend civil rights, to protect civil rights, as it
is claimed by the authors of the bill, and to
secure men in their personal privileges, and
ought not in any souse to be connected with
the Army, so far as the government of the per-
sons connected with it is concerned. This is
the objection that I have to these words.
Mr. WILSON. I hope the amendment will
not be agreed to.
The amendment was rejected.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. If that clause is to
stand, and they arc to be regarded as in the
military service for protection, they ought to
be regarded as in the military service so us to
be subject to the Rules and Articles of War, to
be liable to be tried and punished for any irreg-
ularity or improper conduct. I suggest to the
Senator from Massachusetts whether the clause
ought not to be amended in that way. If they
are to be in the military service for protection
they ought to be in the military service for trial
and punishment.
Mr. WILSON. T think that is covered by
the language of the clause. They are cer-
tainly so considered. Some of them are now
under arrest, and are to lie tried by court-
martial. The provision is this:
And all persons appointed to service under this
act, and the act to which tins is an amendment, shall
be so far deemed in the military seivico of the Uni-
ted States as to bo under the miiitary jurisdiction,
and entitled to the military protection of the Gov-
ernment while in the discharge of the duties ot their
office.
I think the words 1' under the military juris-
diction" subject them.to trial by court-mar-
lial for any improper conduct; and that is the
object, to have the persons who arc thus ap-
pointed tried by court-martial for any miscon-
duct.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I think it would be safe
to amend the clause. The language, " under
the military jurisdiction and entitled to the
military protection of the Government," would
perhaps protcet thetn, but not subject them to
trial.
Mr. WILSON. "Shall be so far deemed
in the military service of the United States as
to be under the military jurisdiction." They
are to be in the military service so as to be
under military jurisdiction; to be under the
control of the military authorities, and of
course to be tried by court-martial: and then
it provides that they shall be "entitled to the
military protection of the Government." I
think it is right.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were con-
ciured 111. It was ordered that the amend-
ments be engrossed and the bill be read a
third time. If was read the third time.
Mr. IIENDRIClvS. I think this is a very
objectionable measure, and regret to see it
pass; but. I am well awarr> that any argument
that could be made upon it, at this stage of its
consideration, would not influence its fate, and
therefore I do not propose to take up the time
of the Senate in its discussion further than to
say that in the very nature of the thing, an
institution of this sort cannot bring good either
to the while or to the colored race, 111 my judg-
ment. I do not believe that any bureau can
be a success which sends men into a comuui-
nitj- to govern a part of that- community. There
is 110 society in New England, there is 110 soci-
ety in the Northwest, which can be governed
well for tlio country under a system like this.
I think during the last six months we have had
so much information in regard to the practical
opeiation of this bureau as to calf upon men
to hesitate before they continue its existence
for two years longer. My information upon
the subject is, and it is that upon which I rely,
that this bureau has been a cause of evil and
disturbance in ihe southern States, and has
not secured to the colored people that blessing
which is any compensation to the country for
the enormous expense it is upon the national
Treasury.
The bill was passed.
MESSAGE FROM THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lt.oyd. its Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (II. R. No. 000) to constitute Omaha
