14
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[November 22,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of War.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
much statistical and other valuable informa-
tion, which will be submitted when completed.
PAYMASTER GENERAL.
The Paymaster General reports that during
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1865, $7,839,-
225 47 were paid to the regular Army, while
$800,738,635 95 were paid to volunteers, and
that the total disbursements since June 30,1864,
to the elate of his report, amount in the aggre-
gate to $524,054,946 37. Payments amounting
to $270,000,000 have been made to about 800,-
000 mustered-out troops. The highest number
of additional paymasters in service during the
fiscal 3rear was 447; the number now in service
is 210. All the troops retained in service have
been paid to June 30, 1805, and many organiza-
tions to August 31, 18C5, and to all discharged
troops in full to date of discharge.
The anticipated payments of bounties to sol-
diers, and three months' additional pay to offi-
cers mustered out that has fallen due by reason
of muster out, amount to $91,750,000.
The whole sum disbursed by the pay depart-
ment since the commencement of the war,
namely, from July 1, 1801, to July 1, 1805,
amounts to $1,029,239,000.
The total losses and defalcations during the
same period, if nothing should be recovered,
amount to the sum of ยง541,000, and it is be-
lieved that not less than half of this amount
will be recovered. The total expenses of dis-
bursement, including all pay and allowances,
commutation of quarters, fuel, and traveling
expenses, for four years and four months,
amount to $0,429,000.
Thus it is seen that the costs of disbursement
to armies in the lield, and amid all the hazards
ol' unexampled war, and including all losses
and expenses, are less than three fourths of one
per cent.
COMMISSARY GENERAL OF SUBSISTENCE.
The subsistence stores required during the
year for distribution to the armies in the field
have, as during the earlier years of the war,
been purchased in the principal markets of the
northern States. The facilities and cost of
transportation to the variouspoiuts where they
were required for issue, the relative prices of
the different markets, and a due regard to the
general commercial interests of the country,
have governed the subsistence department in
apportioning those purchases among the sev-
eral market centers of the country. As New
Orleans is gradually resuming a healthy com-
mercial condition, a considerable portion of the
supplies required for distribution from that point
can be obtained in that market. Although the
present general condition of the southern States
is not such as to afford a large amount of sup-
plies, still subsistence officers are able, in some
parts of those Slates, to enter into contracts
for the partial supply of the troops serving
therein.
The principal purchasing officers have ex-
hibited much ability in the performance of
their duties, and great fidelity to the interests
of the country. The principal commissaries
immediately responsible for the subsistence of
the several armies in the field have discharged
the important and often difficult duties of re-
ceiving, protecting, and distributing the sup-
pises forwarded to them with commendable
efficiency and success. They have also, by
great energy, been able to a considerable ex-
tent to subsist the troops upon the resources of
the country in which the armies were operat-
ing, or through which they were passing. It is
believed that during the entire war no campaign,
contemplated movement, or expedition, has
failed on account of the inability of the sub-
sistence department to meet its proper require-
ments, and that the troops, wherever stationed
or operating, have, with rare exceptions, been
supplied with rations in good and wholesome
condition.
The muster out of a large part of the Army,
consequent upon the sudden close of active
military operations, unavoidably left on hand
in some of the depots an excessive supply of
subsistence stores. These have been sent to
other points where they were required. Sur-
plus and damaged stores will be disposed of by
sale. A sufficient quantity of hard bread and
other articles has been kept from earlier sale
with the view of meeting, in an economical
manner, the wants of those people, white and
colored, who, by the events of the war, have
been reduced to a suffering condition.
Under orders of June 29, 1865, the whisky
ration was discontinued, and the sale of the
supply on hand has already taken place at many
points, and will soon be completed.
During the past year, as in previous years of
the war, a very considerable income has been
derived from the sale of the hides, tallow, and
other parts of beef cattle not issuable as beef
to the troops.
Prisoners of war, held at thirty-two forts, prison
barracks, camps, and hospitals, have been well
subsisted, having received a sufficient portion
and variety of the ration to insure health, leav-
ing in the hands of the several issuing commis-
saries, as "savings," that portion of the ration
not deemed necessary for persons living in
entire idleness. The pecuniary value of these
"savings" has constituted a prison fund, avail-
able, under the instructions of the Commissary
General of Prisoners, for the purchase of arti-
cles necessary for the prison barracks and hos-
pitals, and for meeting other necessary expenses
of the prisons. There has been transferred to
the subsistence department a "savings" credit
of the amount of,pi,507,359 01, and there re-
mains yet to be transferred an amount not less
than $337,706 98, making a total amount of
$1,845,125 99.
Under section three of the act of July 4, 1864,
1,470 claims have been submitted, of which 50
have boon approved for payment, and 413 dis-
allowed ; 650 are awaiting explanation, and 357
remain to be examined.
[t is proposed to ascertain and exhibit, in a
tabular form, the total quantity of each article
of subsistence stores purchased for the use of
the Army during each year ol' the war, from 1861
to 1805, inclusive. Sucli a statement, it is
believed, would prove an interesting addition
to the commercial statistics of the country.
The officers of the subsistence department,
regular and volunteer, have, with but few ex-
ceptions, discharged their duties with fidelity
and success.
SURGEON GENERAL.
The Surgeon General reports that the receipts
from all sources and available for the expenses
of the medical department during the fiscal
year ending June 30,1865, were ยง20,489,680 47.
Disbursements duringthoyear, $19,328,499 23,
leaving a balance in the Treasury on June 30, of
$1,161,18] 24.
The ample provision for siek and wounded
existing at the date of the last annual report
was increased during the ensuing months until
a maximum of 204 general hospitals, with a
capacity of 136,894 beds, was reached.
Upon the termination of active military move-
ments, immediate measures were taken to re-
duce the expenses of the medical department.
Of the 201 general hospitals open on .January
1, 1865, 171 have been discontinued. Three of
the sea-going hospital transports have been dis-
charged ; the fourth is now constantly engaged
in transfer of sick and wounded from southern
ports to the general hospitals in New York
harbor. All of the river hospital-boats have
been turned over to the quartermaster's depart-
ment, and but a single hospital train is retained
in the Southwest. The vast amount of medi-
cines and hospital supplies made surplus by the
reduction of the Army has been carefully col-
lected at prominent points, and is being dis-
posed of at public auction, most of the articles
bringing their full value, and in some instances
their cost price.
Two hundred and fourteen surgeons' and as-
sistant surgeons of volunteers have been mus-
tered out, and of the 265 hospital chaplains
appointed during the war 29 only are still in
commission.
The returns of sick and wounded show that
of white troops 1,057,423 cases have been treated
in general hospitals alone, from 1861 to July 1,
1865, of which the rate of mortality was eight
per cent. In nearly all sections of the country the
health of the troops has been fully equal to that
of preceding years, though military movements
of unprecedented magnitude have been pushed
to successful termination, without regard to
seasons. An epidemic of yellow fever pre-
vailed at Newborn, North Carolina, in the fall
of 1864, and the released or exchanged prison-
ers arriving at Wilmington, North Carolina,
from rebel prisons, suffered from an epidemic
of typhoid fever. With these exceptions no
serious epidemics have appeared, and it is in-
teresting to note that quarantine regulations,
strictly enforced by military authority, have
proven, during the occupation of southern sea-
ports and cities by our troops, to be an absolute
protection against the importation of contagious
or infectious diseases. In view of the appre-
hensions entertained in regard to the Asiatic
cholera, now devastating the shores of the Medi-
terranean, this becomes a significant fact.
In addition to the alphabetical registers of
dead, not yet fully completed, the records of
the medical department contain thirty thousand
special reports of the more important forms of
surgical injuries, of diseases and operations.
These reports, with'statistical data, and a patho-
logical collection numbering 7,630 specimens,
furnish a mass of valuable information, which
is being rapidly arranged and tabulated, as a
medical and surgical history of the war, for the
publication of the first volume of which an ap-
propriation will be asked.
In this connection, and as illustrating more
in detail the importance of this work, the Army
Medical Museum assumes the highest value.
By its array of indisputable facts, supported
and enriched by fullreports, it supplies instruc-
tion otherwise unattainable, and preserves for
future application the dearly-bought experience
of four years of war. Apart from its great use-
fulness, it is also an honorable record of the
skill and services of those medical officers whose
contributions constitute its value, and whose
incentive to these self-imposed labors has been
the desire to elevate theirprofession. A small
appropriation has been asked to continue and
extend this collection.
For recommendation of measures tending to
the greater efficiency of the medical depart-
ment, reference is made to the special report
from the Surgeon General's office, which will
be submitted to the appropriate congressional
committees.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL.
Thercport of the Quartermaster General con-
tains a statement of the operations and expend-
itures of the department under his control for
the fiscal year ending 30th Juno, 1805. The
principal movements of troops by the quarter-
master's department during that time are de-
scribed. They have been made promptly and
with few accidents, and are striking illustrations
of the improvements in the art of war which
have been developed during the late contest.
The Twenty-third Army corps, after fighting
at Nashville, in the midst of ice and snow, in
December,1804, was, on the conclusion of the
campaign in the West, transferred from^the
valley of the Tennessee to the banks of the Po-
tomac, moving by river and rail down the
Tennessee, up the Ohio, across the snow-cov-
ered Alleghanies, a distance of 1,400 miles, and
in the short space of eleven days was encamped
on the banks of the Potomac, then blocked up
with the ice of a most severe winter. Vessels
were collected to meet this corps, the obstacles
interposed by the ice were overcome, and early
in February the troops composing it were fight-
ing before Wilmington, on the coast of North
Carolina.
