3414
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
and Nebraska City, in the Territory of Ne-
braska, and St. Paul, in Minnesota, ports of
delivery;
A bill (H. B. No. 611) to provide for mak-
ing the town of Whitehall, New York, a port
of delivery;
A bill (H. R. No. 726) to extend to certain
•persons the privilege of admission, in certain
cases, to the United States Government Asy-
lum for the Insane ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 727) declaratory of an act
entitled ''An act authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue registers to vessels in
certain cases," approved February 10, 1866.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed a bill
(S. No. 313) to regulate the transportation of
nitro-glycerine or glynoin oil, with amend-
ments, in which it requested the concurrence
of the Senate.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had agreed to the amend-
ments of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 179)
amendatory of the organic act of Washington
Territory, and also to the bill (H. R. No. 145)
granting land to A. M. Joss, of Josephine
county, Oregon.
EXECUTIVE SESSION.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I move that the Senate
now proceed to the consideration of executive
KiiQiripQc
Mr. WILSON. I hope not.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened, and the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, June 26, 18G6.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boynton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
ABUSE OF FRANKING PRIVILEGE.
Mr. ALLEY. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on the Post Office and Post Roads to
submit a resolution,_ together with a communi-
cation I h*>ve received from the Postmaster
General. 1 hope there will be no objection
to the introduction of the resolution at this
time.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
Resolved, That the Committee on the Post Office
and Post Roads bo directed to inquire if any further
legislation is necessary to prevent frauds on the frank-
ing privilege, and to prevent abuses of the same, and
report by bill or otherwise.
There was no objection.
Mr. ALLEY. I want the House to under-
stand this matter. I ask that the Clerk read
the communication of the Postmaster General
showing abuses in the franking privilege.
The Clerk read as follows:
Post Office Department.
washington, June li, 1866.
Sir: Complaints have been frequently made to this
Department of frauds upon its revenues by the illegal
use of the franks of members of Congress by claim
agents and other persons in this city, to which the
attention of Senators and Representatives, whose
names have been so used, has been called. This
abuse of the franking privilege has become a serious
evil, lessening considerably the postal revenues and
bringing reproach upon the Department.
The Postmaster General is powerless to arrest the
evil while members of Congress permit their clcrks
or other persons to write their names upon envel-
opes and use or permit the use of facsimile stamps,
neither of which has the sanction of law,
T transmit herewith for the information of yourself
and committee, and for such use as you may think
proper to make of them, copies of two letters recently
received at this Department lrom reliable parties, and
copies of statements made by two claim 'agents to an
officcr of the Department, showing the manner in
which they procured and used the franks of members
in their business.
I should regard the repeal of all laws authorizing
such privilege as most healthy legislation, in har-
mony with the principle on which the Post Oflice
Department is organized, and promotive of good
morals.
lam, very respectfully, your most obedient servant,
W. DENNISON,
Postmaster General.
H<5n. J. B. Alley, Chairman Committee on th-e Post
Quite <tftd Prist RdoCdn, Haute of Representatives.
Office of the Scientific American,
No. 37 Park Row, New York City, June 2,1866.
Dear Sir: Weinclose herewith aletter just received
from Milton Bradley, a reliable party residing in
Springfield, Massachusetts.
We think the abuse of the franking privilege com-
plained of is now carried on to an extent greatly
detrimental to the postal revenue.
Not long since wo. received a letter from a party
doing business in Connecticut which was inclosed in
an envelope franked by an M. C.
Messrs. IIollo way & Co. are doing business in Wasli-
ington as patent agents, and have no more right to
conduct their business through the mails free of
expense than ourselves.
During the months of April and May wepurehased
over $600 worth of postage stamps at the New York
post office, and if we could be allowed to secure the
frank of an M. C. it would afford us great advantages.
We consider it to be our duty to call your attention
to the subject.
Your obedient servants, MUNN & CO.
Hon. William Dknnison, Postmaster General.
Springfield, Massachusetts, May 31.
Gentlemen: Having received three business circu-
lars from D. P. Holloway & Co., under the frank of
 , M. C., I have been incited to send the inclosed
communication to your paper. It seems to me a
downriglitswindle thatsuch things should bo allowed.
It would be a very pretty arrangement for every bus-
iness firm in Washington to have the name of some
M. C. printed on their envelopes, as it would pay
pretty well for printing.
If you see fit to publish my communication, and
wish to say anything different in the &amc strain, do
so: I will swear to it.
Yours. &c„ MILTON BRADLEY.
Messrs. Munn & Co.
Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Post Office,
March 31, 1866.
Sir: The inclosed circulars or handbills of Storrs
& Ellis, under the frank of , M. C., have been
sent me by the route agent. Is this properly sent?
Docs it come under the provisions of the law for
franking privilege?
< They have been sent to all postmasters in Wiscon-
sin and Minnesota, some sealed and some unsealed.
Yours respectfully,
P. VAN VECHTEN, Jr.,
Special Agent Post Office Department.
To Hon. William Dennison.
Postmaster General, Washington) D. C.
Post Office,
Chicago, Illinois, March 31,1866.
Dear Sir: Herewith I inclose an envelope and
contents, which seems to me to be not entitled to be
sent under a frank, butwhich is but one of thousands
that are parsing in the mails. This one happened to
be unsealed and disclosed its contents, buttheothers
are closely sealed.
Very respectfully, yours, <fec., II. PARK,
Special Agent, Poet Office Department.
George William McClellan, Second Assistant Post-
master General Washington, D. C.
Cordial Storrs says the envelopes inclosing the busi-
ness card of Storrs & Ellis, sent-outby mail from their
oflice under the frank of Hon. , United States
Senate, were franked by Miss , a niece of the
Senator, by his direction. That ho (Storrs) called
upon the Senator andaskedif ho would frankapack-
age of these envelopes for him, to which ho assented
and directed Miss to do it. The name was
written on each envelope by her and returned to him
(Storrs.)
He has sent out not exceeding two hundred letters
thus franked by Senator , and has never asked
any other Senator or member of Congress for their
franks, and has never used any other than those
above mentioned. CORDIAL STORRS.
Dated April 9, 1866.
Sworn and subscribed this 9th day of April, 1866,
before me, JAMES LAURENSON,
Justice Peace.
George E. Lemon states that the envelopes purport-
ing to be franked by Hon. , in which his busi-
ness cards and circulars have been sent through the
mails, were procured by him from John H. Alston, a
clerk in the Interior Department. He had them in
his possession and gave them to him (Lemon) to cover
correspondence with his (Alston's; friends. Lemon
does not know how he came by them, but supposes
he procured them from Mr. .
Ilo has also sent out letters by mail containing his
business cards and circulars under thefranks of Hon.
 , of Pennsylvania, Hon. , of Ohio, Hon.
 and Hon. , of New York. He did not
procure these franks from the members themselves
bat from third parties, whose names he does not now
feel at liberty to disclose, but is perfectly willing to
do so to the above-named gentlemen.
Ho has also used the franks ot a good many other
members of Congress, which he has procured from
themselves and not from third parties.
Signed, G. E. LEMON.
In presence of St. John B. L. Skinner.
April 9,1866.
Post Office, House of Representatives,
Washington, April 3,1866.
Dear Sir: Inclosed please find two letters bear-
ing the frank of Hon. .
Mr. says the franks are forged, and he has
no knowledge of the parties to whom the letters are
addressed.
Respectfully, yours, L. S. MORTON,
Assistant Postmaster.
S. J. BOWEN.
Danveksport Post Office, Massachusetts,
June 9,1866.
The inclosed envelope, containing three circulars
of the kind now inclosed, came in this morning's
mail from Boston. It being directed 44 Postmaster,"
I supposed it on official business; but discovering
that it was not, I laid it aside to proceed in opening
the mail, and thus lost a portion of the envelope.
On again examining the inclosurc and envolope,
which bears no official stamp, I felt convinced that
the package had passed through the mail by fraud:
and that the name, , M. C., was probably forged.
I take the liberty to make this communication to
the Post Office Department.
Very respectfully, DAVID MEAD,
Postmaster.
Post Office, Mystic Bridge,
County of New London, Connecticut,
June 12, 1866.
Sir: Inclosed I send a document I received this
day. Please do me the honor to inform me if tho
Department allows such papers to be sent free of
postage.
Sir, trusting that I am not asking too great a favor,
I have the honor to remain truly your obedient ser-
vant, J. A. RATHBURN,
Postmaster.
Postmaster General, Washington, D. C.
The resolution was adopted.
PRINTING TARIFF LA"W.
Mr. O'NEILL, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which, under
the law, was referred to the Committee on
Printing:
Resolved, That there be printed for the use of this
House five hundred copies of the existing tariff act.
PACIFIC RAILROAD.
Mr. PRICE, by unanimous consent, reported
back Senate bill No. 20, granting lands to aid
in the construction of a railroad and telegraph
line from the States of Missouri and Arkansas
to the Pacific coast, with amendments j which
were ordered to be printed and recommitted.
Mr. BEAMAN moved to reconsider the vote
bjr which the bill and amendments were recom-
mitted j and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. MOIJLTON, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. Baker on account
of illness.
DOKENCE ATWATEK.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, a resolution
was passed yesterday referring to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs an investigation into
the conduct of certain officers of the War De-
partment in the case of Dorence Atwater, and
also two memorials on the same subject. I
desire, after conference with my committee
this morning, to say that the Committee on
Military Affairs, from the pressure of unfin-
ished business yet upon their docket, will be
unable to give attention to a case of this kind,
where witnesses must be examined and a some-
what extended investigation entered on. I
ask, therefore, at the request of the Committee
on Military Affairs, that committee be dis-
charged from the further consideration of the
resolution, aswellasof thetwomemorials ; that
a select committee of five be appointed to in-
vestigate and report on this subject, suggesting
as a very proper chairman of that committee
the gentleman from New York- [Mr. Hale]
not now present, who introduced the subject
to the attention of the House.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
The SPEAKER subsequently announced
the appointment of the following named gen-
tlemen to constitute the select committee : Mr.
Robert S. Hale of New York, Mr. Frederick
E. Woodbridge of Vermont, Mr. Anthony
Thornton of Illinois, Mr. Halbert E. Paine
of Wisconsin, and Mr. John W. LoNGYEAitof
Michigan.
PAYMENT OF TROOPS.
Mr. BINGHAM, from the Committee on
