1494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
to the nations of Europe the idea that when this
thing is here once before us, we are so indiffer-
ent to it that we kick it. out and will not declare
in favor of the passage of this protesting reso-
lution? I am not prepared to do that.
" Mr. WILSON. Tt seems to me that this ques-
tion is very properly here. I am glad that it is
here. I am glad the Committee on Foreign-Rela-
tions has reported the resolution, and I shall vote
for it very cheerfully. I am confident that when
it is adopted the executive branch of the Gov-
ernment will feel strengthened in making the
proper protest. 1 think the very fact that the
Congress of the United States has acted on the
subject will have its influence the world over,
and let these Governments understand that if
they send their criminals here with detectives
the time may soon come when we will send a
powerful detective to them.
As to the suggestion that the Department
ought not to have sent it here I have only to
say that J hope the Congress of the United
States, that during the last five years has been
very liberal in granting powers to the executive
branches of the Government during the war, as
I think it ought to have done, will consent now
to resume its own power and its own position,
and that the Congres? of the Unitecl States,
uninfluenced by what anybody may sn.y in the
city of New York, or the city of Washington,
or anywhere else, will be the Congress of the
United States ; that the Senate will be the Sen-
ate, and the House of Representatives will be
the House of Hepresentatives; and that we shall
be very careful in the powers we now grant to
the executive branch of this Government, and
shall come back as far as we can to the ancient,
condition of filings before wo were involved in
this war, when we used to grant great powers
to the executive department to put down the
rebellion. 1 hope all sides in this Chamber
will concur in this course: I remember that
during the war we heard from the other side
of the Chamber daily complaint because we
were granting great powers to the Executive;
and when we spoke of the Administration as
the Government we were told that we had set
up a new standard of Government here. Now,
we have got through the war, blood is not de-
pendent on our action, and I hope we shall con-
sent on both sides to maintain the power and
tlie dignity of the Congress of the United States.
Mr. CHANDLER. 1 perceive new light,
sir. The Senator from Illinois has given an
idea that is entirely new to me; and that is,
that the Secretary of State now desires to show
his deference to Congress, not only in great
matters, but even matters infmitesimally small.
1 therefore withdraw my call for the yeas and
nays.
Mr. HOWE. The demand for the yeas and
nays being withdrawn, 1 am inclined to think
the resolution will pass; but 1 am not disposed
to allow it to pass without entering a protest of
my own; and that is against the treatment that
this proposition has received. I do not think
that it ought to be regarded as a matter infm-
itesimally small. I do not know myself whether
the matter pointed out by the Committee on
Foreign lielations is the best or the only one
that could be adopted. It is the only one we
have before us; and I am willing to adopt that
for the present. As to the evil itself, I have a
very lively sense of its magnitude. Upon prin-
ciple, I cannot distinguish between it and an
act of piracy. I do not care whether a foreign
Government fits out a privateer to prey upon
our commerce, or commissions her felons to
prey upon our society ; it is an act utterly inde-
fensible. I presume the protest will have its
effect, and that this conduct will not be repeated;
but if it is repeated, I desire to adopt the sen-
timent of the Senator from Massachusetts, [Mr.
Wilson,] and say that if any Government short
of the divine shall persist in fitting out its felons,
whom it cannot tolerate in its own society, and
send them abroad to other and foreign socie-
ties, it is an act which justifies war ; and if such
men are habitually sent to America, all Amer-
ica, comprising both its continents, ought to
make it an occasion for war; and if theyare
sent to the United States alone, the United
States ought to resent it alone against the world,
and I believe will do it.
The joint resolution was passed.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate do
now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Monday, March 19, 1866.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxtox.
The Journal of Saturday last was read and
approved.
The SPEAKER proceeded, as the regular
order of business, to call the States and Terri-
tories for bills and joint resolutions to be re-
ferred to the appropriate committees without
debate and not to be brought back by motions
to reconsider, resuming the call with the State
of Ohio.
pension bill.
Mr. BITNDY introduced a bill to amend the
act entitled "An act to grant, pensions," ap-
proved July 14, 18G2; which was read a first
and second time, and referred to the Committee
on invalid Pensions.
claims for army supplies.
Mr. RANDALL, of Kentucky, introduced a
bill further to provide for the payment of cer-
tain claims for quartermasters' stores, subsist-
ence supplies, &e., furnished to the Army of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, and referred to the Committee of
Claims.
constitutional amendment.
Mr. BAKER introduced a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
the United States; which was read a first and
second time, referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, and ordered to be printed.
loyal settlers ox the public domain.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri, introduced a
bill for the relief of loyal settlers on the pub-
lic domain, and for other purposes ; which was
read a first and second time, and refjrred to
the Committee on Public Lands.
pacific railroad.
Mr. IvASSON introduced a bill to amend an
act to aid in the construction of a railroad and
telegraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment the use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes, approved July 1, 18G2 ;
which was read a first and second time, and
referred to the Committee on tlie Pacific Rail-
road.
nancy j. kelly.
Mr. KASSON also introduced a bill granting
a pension to Nancy J. Kelly, widow of Dr.
Alfred Kelly; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Invalid
Pensions.
reclamation of california lands.
Mr. BID WELL introduced a bill for an act
to enable the State of California to reclaim the
dry and sterile lands within the limits of said
State; which was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee on Public Lands,
and ordered to be printed.
indian affairs in utah.
Mr. WINDOM introduced a joint resolution
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to pay
certain claims out of the balance of an appro-
priation for the payment of necessary expendi-
tures in the service of the United States for
Indian affairs in the Territory of Utah ; which
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Indian Affairs.
guardian society.
Mr. LATHAM introduced a bill to amend
an act entitled "An act to incorporate the
Guardian Society, and provide for the reform-
ing of juvenile offenders in the District of Co-
lumbia," aiid also an act entitled "An act
granting certain privileges to the Guardian So-
ciety of the District of Columbia;" which was
read a first and second time, and referred to
the Committee for the District of Columbia.
survey of rock river.
Mr. FARNSWORTH introduced a joint
resolution for the survey of Rock river, with
reference to water communication between the
Mississippi river and the great lakes. It ap-
propriates $20,000, to be expended under the
direction of the Secretary of War, in making
an examination hnd survey of Rock river, in
the Slates of Illinois and Wisconsin, in refer-
ence to making the same navigable, and such
further survey as will test the feasibility of con-
necting by canal the waters of said river with
those of the great lakes. The joint resolution
was read a first and second time, and referred
to the Committee on Commerce.
united states currency.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts, introduced
a bill to amend an act to provide ways and
means to support the Government.
The bill provides that the act entitled "An
act to provide ways and means to support the
Government," approved March 3, 1865, shall
be extended and construed to empower the
Secretary of the Treasury to sell any descrip-
tion of bonds authorized by said act at such
rates not less than par as he may think advisa-
ble for lawful money of the United States, or
to receive in payment any Treasury notes, com-
pound-interest notes, certificates of indebted-
ness or of deposit, with the interest accruing
thereon, which have been or which may be
issued under any act of Congress.
The bill further provides that it shall be the
duty of the Secretary of the Treasury to retire
and cancel an amount of Treasury notes, cer-
tificates, or other obligations bearing interest,
equal in amount to the bonds disposed of, and
the public debt shall not be hereafter increased
by authority of this or any previous act of Con-
gress, and that from and after the lstdayof July
next the interest on certificates of deposit for
temporary loans shall not exceed the annual
rate of five per cent.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to know how that
bill gets in.
The SPEAKER. Under the regular call of
the Stales for bills and joint resolutions to be
referred to the appropriate committees and not
to be brought back by motions to reconsider.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish to
say, if the House will allow me, that if the bill
of last week is lost, I wish to have this bill,
which 1 think, judging from the discussion,
carries out the wishes of a large majority of
the House, referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. I have endeavored to make the bill
conform to what I believe to be the expressed
wish of the House.
The bill was read a first and second time,
referred to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and ordered to be printed.
settlement of accounts of officers.
Mr. ELIOT introduced a bill to provide for
the settlement of accounts of certain public
officers; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judi-
ciary.
united states currency.
Mr. ICELLEY introduced a bill relating to
the currency of the United States, which he
asked to have read at length.
The bill was read. The first section author-
izes and directs the Secretary of the Treasury
to pay and fully liquidate the principal and
interest of all the compound-interest, notes of
the United States when the same may become
due, and to issue legal-tender notes, bearing no
interest, for the purpose of paying and liqui-
dating such compound-interest notes, provided
