1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3415
Military Affairs, reported a bill to provide for
the payment of the sixth, eighth, and eleventh
regiments of Ohio volunteer militia, of Cincin-
nati, &c.; which was read a first and second
time.
Mr. KASSON. Were these men mustered
into the United States service?
Mr. BINGHAM. Yes, sir. The payment
is limited to thirty-one days.
Mr. KASSON. Hay we not violate the
precedent?
Mr. BINGHAM. There is no violation of
precedents. I demand the previous question.
Mr. ELDR1DGE. What special circum-
stances demand this special legislation?
Mr. BINGHAM. Simply because of the
ruling of the Department that they are not
within the provisions of existing law.
Mr. ELDBIDGE. Are there no other
cases like this?
Mi'. BINGHAM. Let the report be read.
The report was accordingly read.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. BINGHAM. I now demand the pre-
vious question on the passage of the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was passed.
Mr. BINGHAM moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
TriniTY-SEVENTH IOWA VOLUXTKEllS.
Mr. ALLISON. I wish to call up the mo-
tion to reconsider the vote by which House
bill No. 18, for the relief of the thirty-seventh
regiment Iowa volunteer infantry, reported
adversely by the Committee on -Military Affairs,
was laid upon the table.
Mr. Speaker, this bill proposes to pay the
thirty-seventh regiment of Iowa volunteers the
same bounty that has been paid to the other
soldiers serving in the United States Army.
It is an exceptional case, being a regiment of
men enlisted in the Army over forty-five years
of age. The Governor of the State of Iowa
offered this regiment to the Secretary of War
on the '25th of August, 1802, and it was ac-
cepted. By an order of that date it was mus-
tered into the service of the United States in
December, ]815:2, and continued in the service
until the end of the rebellion. After it was
mustered into the service a portion of the regi-
ment received bounty, but afterward, by the
ruling of the Secretary of War, bounty was
refused to the members of the regiment, and
at its muster-out those who had received the
bounty were compelled to refund it. The Com-
mittee on M ilitary A flairs have made an adverse
report upon this claim upon the ground that
there was no law authorizing bounty to be paid
to this regiment, which perhaps is true. Yet
I think a liberal cons!ruction of the bounty
law would give bounty to that regiment as well
as to other soldiers mustered into the United
States service. But, however that may be,
this, 1 believe, is the only regiment that was
mustered into the service for three years that
lias not received the S100 bounty granted to
the soldiers of the United States.
Now, I appeal to the members of this House
to grant to this regiment of men who enlisted
in the Army of the United States in the dark
hour of the history of this country, in 1862,
and who continued to perform faithful service
up to (he close of the'rebellion, the same bounty
that has been given to other soldiers of the Uni-
ted States. They continued in the service, dis-
charging the duties that would necessarily have
been discharged by other soldiers if those had
not enlisted. I think they are, from the nature
of their services and the time in the service,
entitled to the bounty proposed by this bill.
They served from the 13th of December, 1862,
till May, 1865, a period of two years and five
months.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Will my colleague
yield? *
Mr. ALLISON. Certainly.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to add some-
thing to the statements made by my colleague.
In 1863, after this regiment had been mustered
into the service, it was discovered that it was
not the intention of the Department to allow
bounty to its members. An amendment was
made to a Senate bill, upon the motion of one
of the Senators from Iowa, providing for the
paj'ment of this bounty. That bill came to
this House, and was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs. The subject was placed
in the hands of Mr. Odcll, of New York, then
a member of the committee, for investigation,
lie afterward told me that he had applied to
the War Department to know what the inten-
tion of the Department was in relation to the
bounty of this regiment, when ho was informed
that it was intended to treat the thirty-seventh
Iowa infantry precisely the same as other reg-
iments were treated. Not being satisfied with
that. I made a personal application to theSee-
retarj" of War to know whether the informa-
tion I had received from Mr. Odcll was cor-
rect, when the Secretary informed me that no
difference whatever would be made in relation
to the pay of that regiment, either as regarded
regular pay or bounty. Upon that the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs declined to rccom-
niend any further action, believing it to be
entirely unnecessary.
Now, sir, the order or dispatch from the
War Department accepting this regiment, I
have in my hand, and it reads as follows :
War Department,
Washington City, Auiuul It, 1852.
Kir : In reply to vours of -tth inst.ant, proposing to
raise a r<-ruin':it of men of forty-five years of age,
but"aefivc and vigorous,''for garrison duty, lam
directed to fray that suoh aregiment will boaeeopted.
By order of the Secretary of War:
0. 1'. BUCKINGHAM,
Ih-iyndirr O'rntral and A, A. G.
Ilis Excellency Samuiu. J. ICtrkwooo,
(Governor of Iowa, J)avenpo>-t.
Under that order llie regiment was raised.
It was ordered into camp on October 10, 1802.
It was mustered into the service on the loth
of December, 1802. It remained in (lie ser-
vice until the 21t.li day of May. 1805, being a
period of two years and five months and some
days. 1 have here a statement of the service
performed by this regiment; and let il, be re-
membered that it was agreed that the regiment
should be received for the performance of gar-
rison duty alone. That was the order issued
to the Governor of Iowa accepting the service
of the regiment.
Now, as I have stated, on the 15th Decem-
ber, 1862, the regiment was mustered into the
service of the United States by Captain II. B.
Hendershott. On the 20th of the same month
they left. Camp Strong for St. Louis, Missouri,
where on the 5th January, 1803, the regiment
was placed on duty guarding military prisons,
provost dufv, and escorting troops to the front.
They served at Si. Louis, Missouri, till the
last of May; on the Pacific railroad, in Mis-
souri, guarding the same, from the last of May
to the last of July, 1863; at Alton, Illinois,
guarding the Alton military prison, from the
last of July, 1803, to the 18th January, 1804;
at Itock Island, Illinois, guarding the military
prison there, from the 22d January to the 5th
June, 1864 ; at Memphis, Tennessee, on picket
duty, from the 'Jth June to the 2~th August,
1864. From Memphis, Tennessee, the regi-
ment was ordered to Indianapolis, where it
remained a i-hort time, when five companies
were ordered to Cincinnati, Ohio, under com-
mand of Colonel Kincaid; three companies
to Columbus, Ohio, under command of Lieu-
tenant Colonel West; and two companies to
Galiipolis, Ohio, under command of Major
Allen. The duty performed by Colonel Kin-
caid's command at Cincinnati was guarding
Lytle & Kelton's transportation barracks,
guarding Government store-houses, and pro-
vost and transportation duty. The duty per-
formed by Lieutenant Colonel West's com-
mand was guarding Camp Chase and escort-
ing troops and prisoners to the front. The
duty performed by Major Allen's command
was guarding Government stores, scouting,
and transportation. The regiment continued
on duty as above stated until May 13, 1865,
when the commands of Lieutenant ColonA
West and Major Allen were ordered to join
that of Colonel Ivincaid at Cincinnati, Ohio,
and on the 20th the regiment left Cincinnati,
Ohio, en route to Davenport, Iowa, where on
the 24th May, 1865, it was mustered out of
service, in accordance with orders from the
War Department, dated May 13, 1865.
Now, before the regiment was mustered out
a part of the men had been honorably dis-
charged, and those thus honorably discharged
received bounty. But nearly all, if not all,
of them had received twenty-five dollars of
bounty when the regiment, was originally mus-
tered in, and when the regiment was mustered
out as a regiment all those who had received
twenty-five dollars only had it deducted from
their pay, although the Secretary of War had
at one time given assurances that the regiment
would be treated just as other regiments raised
at the same time. Now, if it had been under-
stood at the time that the regiment was not to
receive bounty for performing garrison duty,
yet after the Government used them for pur-
poses and different services, they are just as
much entitled to bounty as the members of any
other regiment. And let it be remembered that
we have already provided bounties for regiments
not strictly provided for by law, for all the col-
ored troops and all the while troops but this
regiment, which stands alone in the refusal of
bounty.
Now, all we ask is that this regiment shall
be placed upon an equal footing with other
regiments. They served as well as other regi-
ments and discharged their duties faithfully,
and [ hope the motion (o reconsider will prevail
and that the bill will bo passed. I introduced
this bill early in the session, and had hoped for
favorable action on it soon after its introduc-
tion. I trust it will not be delayed longer, but
that justice will now be done to these patriotic
men.
Mr. ALLLSON. I will now call the pre-
vious question unless some gentleman desires
to speak upon the bill.
Mr. SC11KNCK. I desire to explain why
the Committee on Military Affairs reported as
they did.
Mr. ALLTSON. I will withdraw the call
for the previous question.
Mr. SCHENCK. Mr. Speaker, everybody
knows the patriotism of Iowa as a State, and
the patriotic course of her citizens, to say noth-
ing of the patriotic gentlemen here who so ably
represent her on this floor. But the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs felt constrained to re-
port adversely upon the bill referred to them,
to pay this thirty-seventh Iowa volunteer regi-
ment, their bounty, simply upon the ground of
the information derived by correspondence with
the War Department as to the terms under
which the enlistment of these men was offered.
It is true that reporting as we did, the thirty-
seventh Iowa would not receive the $100 bounty
given at that time to those who enlisted. It is
equally true, however, that they were taken into
the service with the understanding that they
were not to receive that ยง100 bounty. In this
respect they are in precisely the same condi-
tion with various other troops who have served
their country and served their country well.
And to go no further for an illustration, I will
take the hundred days' men, some tliirty-eight
thousand of whom came from my own State,
and as many more in the aggregate from other
States of this Union, and who were supplied
to the Government and mustered into service
in a time of great emergency, thus enabling
General Grant to carry on his campaign of
1804, and which without them would perhaps
have been a failure.
There is, however, a bill which has passed
this House and gone to the Senate for concur-
