-1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBS.
im
that the amount of legal-tender notes to be so
issued shall not exceed the amount of com-
ponnd-intoresfc notes paid and liquidated.
The second section provides that from and
after the passage of this act it shall not bo law-
ful for the Secretary of the Treasury to increase
the amount of legal-tender currency or national
bank currency of the United States, except as
provided in the first section of this act; or to
diminish the amount to less than $900,000,000.
Section three provides that from and after
the passage of this act it shall not be lawful for
the Secretary of the Treasury to sell or dispose
of any gold coin or gold certificates of the Uni-
ted States at a less price than one hundred and
thirty cents in the currency of the United States
for one dollar in coin or gold certificates of the
United States until the 1st day of July next;
and after that time it shall not be lawful for
him to diminish the price of gold more than
one per cent, in any month below the price of
the preceding month.
Section four provides that all acts and parts
of acts inconsistent with this act shall be re-
pealed.
The bill was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee of Ways and
Means.
eligibility to office.
Mr. CULLOM introduced a joint resolution
proposing an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which he asked to have
read.
The jorrrif^esolution was read. It proposes
the adoption of tho following amendment:
No person, cxcept a citizen of the United States
who has at all times borne true allegiance theieto,
shall ever hold office under the United States; and
Congress shall pass the accessary laws to prevent a
violation of this article.
The joint resolution was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
the Judiciary.
hecoxstjiuction.
Mr. McCLURG introduced a joint resolution
to provide for the representation in Congress
of the States lately in rebellion, and for the
resumption of the practical relations of the said
States to the United States ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the joint
committee 011 reconstruction.
FIFTEENTH AND SIXTEENTH MISSOURI CAVALItY.
Mr. KELSO introduced a bill to extend the
provisions of an act to authorize the employ-
ment of volunteers to aid in enforcing the laws
and protecting public property to the fifteenth
and sixteenth regiments of Missouri volunteer
cavalry; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs.
CALL OF STATES AND TERRITORIES.
The SPEAKER. The call of States and
Territories for the introduction of bills and
joint resolutions on leave to be referred to
their appropriate committees, having been con-
cluded. the next business in order is the call
of the States and Territories for resolutions, the
call to be made in an inverted order, commen-
cing with the State of Ohio, where the call last
rested. On last Monday, at the expiration of
the morning hour, a resolution was pending,
ofTered by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] in regard to printing extra copies
of the evidence taken by the committee on re-
construction. Afterward, on the evening of
the same day, a similar resolution was passed
under a suspension of the rules. If there is
no objection the pending resolution will be laid
on the table.
No objection was made.
EXPLORATION FROM UTAH TO SAN FRANCISCO.
Mr. GARFIELD submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to :
Resolved, That the Committee on Printing bedi-
reoted to inquire into the expediency of publishing
the report of explorations across the Great Basin of
Utah to San Francisco, in 1859, by Captain J. H. Simp-
son, of the corps of Engineers.
bounty, back pay, and pensions.
Mr. BUNDY submitted the following resolu-
tion ; which was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee on Pensions be re-
quired to report on tho expediency and justice of
providing by law that when any officer or soldier,
serving faithfully in the Army or Navy of tho United
States during the late rebellion, shall have disap-
peared in such manner as to warrantthe presumption
that he was murdered by the rebels and so disposed
of as that his tato is not known to any officer of the
Army or the Government, or to the friends of such
officcrorsoldierwho have made diligent search there-
for, and whose fate shall remain unknown to all such
for the period of two years after hostilities in tho field
shall have ceased, such officer or soldier shall be
deemed and held as having died m the service; and
tho widow and childron of such deceased officer or
soldier shall be entitled to receive the bounty and
back pay due him, together with the pension pro-
vided for in the act of July 14,18G2, upon application
and proof as required in said act relating to pensions
and the amendments thereto.
j. m. broome and others.
Mr. BUNDY also submitted the following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee of Claims be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of pio\ iding
by special act for the payment of John M. Broome
and others, members of tho regimental band of tho
twelfth Kentucky infantry, from January 3,1862, to
September 10, 1862, and report by bill or otherwise.
guarantee of mexican bonds.
Mr. DAWSON submitted the following res-
olutions, on which ho demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, That the United States cannot guaranty
the bonds of tho Mexican or any other Government
without impairing her own credit and imposing new
burdens upon her people.
Resolved, That the sacred faith of the American
people is pledged to the payment of our public debt,
and that it is unwise to complicate our financial
affairs by the assumption of the obligations of other
countries.
Resolved, That the true policy of tho United States
is, in the language of Mr. Jefferson, "peace, com-
merce, and honest friendship with all nations; en-
tangling alliances with none."
Mr. BROOKS. I rise to ask for a division
of the question upon these resolutions. I have
no objection to the second resolution. Upon
the first I should like to be as silent as ppssible
under existing circumstances.
The SPEAKER. A division being demanded,
the resolutions will be voted upon separately.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Daw-
son] demands the previous question upon the
series.
Mr. WASIIRURNE, of Illinois. I think
that these resolutions ought to be discussed
thoroughly before they are acted upon.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—aves21? noes 73.
Mr. DAWSON. I call for tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Mr. Dawson, and
Mr. Ashley of Ohio, were appointed.
The House divided j and the tellers reported
—ayes 28, noes 6(3.
So the call for the previous question was not
seconded.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
resolutions be referred to the Committee on
Foreign Affairs.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
debate the resolutions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois rises to debate the resolutions, and they go
over under the rule.
AGRICULTURAL REPORTS OF 1864.
Mr. MILLER .submitted the following res-
olution :
"Whereas it is alleged that twenty-five thousandless
copies of the Agricultural Reports of 1864 have been
printed than tho^e of previous years; and whereas
the type has not yet been distributed: Therefore,
Resolved, That tho Committee on Printing be, and
are hereby, authorized and required to inquire into
the expediency of ordering twenty-five thousand
copies of the Agricultural Reports of 1864, and report
accordingly.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I rise to
discuss that resolution. I wish to exhibit some
facts in reference to this matter of printing.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Illi-
nois rises to debate the resolution, and it goes
over under the rule*
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL*
Mr. BROOMALL submitted the-following
resolution; which was read, considered, and
agreed to:
Resolved, That the Committee, on Military Affairs
bp instructed to inquiro into the expediency of pro-
viding by legislation that the tenth section of the act
of Congress of March 3, 1865, entitled "An act to
amend the several acts heretofore passed to provide
for the enrolling and calling out the national forces,
and for other purposes," shall not be construed to
apply to the Quartermaster General of the United
States, and to report by bill or otherwise.
adjournment of congress.
Mr. ANCONA submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Resolved, (the Senate concurring,) That the Presi-
dent of the Senate and the Speaker of the House of
ltcpresentatives adjourn their respective Houses for
the present session on Thursday, the — day of May,
at twelve o'clock m.
On seconding the demand for the previous
question, there were—ayes 55, noes 29 j no
quorum voting.
The SPEAKER, under the rules, ordered
tellers; and appointed Messrs. Ancona and
Fatinswohth.
The House divided 5 and the tellers reported
—ayes eighty-two, noes not counted.
So the previous question was seconded.
The main question was ordered.
On agreeing to the resolution,
Mr. MORRILL called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Would it
be in order to move to fill the blank in the res-
olution so as to read, "the last Thursday in
May?"
The SPEAKER. It would not be except
by unanimous consent.
Mr. JENCKES. I object.
The question was taken and it was decided
in tlie aifirmative—yeas bU, nays 63, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Ames, Ancona, Anderson, Bergen,
Bidwell, Blow, Boycr, Brandegee, Bundy, Chanler,
Header W. Clarke, CofTroth, Dawson, Delano, Dom-
ing, Denison, Bumont, Eggleston, Eldridge, Ear-
quliar, Ferry, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grid or, Grin-
ncll, Hale, Aaron Harding, Abncr C. Harding, Hart,
Hayes, Henderson, Hogan. Asahel W. Ilubbard, De-
mas Hubbard, John H.Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell,
James 11. Hubbell, Iluiburd, James M. Humphrey,
Jones, Julian, Kelso,Kerr, Latham, George V. Law-
rence, William Lawiencc, Le Blond, Marshall, Mar-
vin, MeCullough, Morris, Nicholson, Phelps, Plants,
Price, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Randall, Ray-
mond, Hitter, Rogers, RojsS, Rousseau. Sitgrcaves,
Smith, Spalding, Stilwell, Strousc, Taber, Taylor,
Thornton, Trimble. Trowbridge. Robert T. van Horn,
Warner, ElihuB. Washburne, William B. Washburn,
Welker, James E. Wilson, Stephen E. Wilson, and
Win field—80. . ,
NAYS— Messrs. Alley, Allison, Delos R. Ashley,
James M. Ashley, Baker. Baldwin, Banks, Baxter,
Beaman, Routwell, Bromwell, Brooks, Broomall,
Buckland, Cobb, Cook, Cullom, Dixon, Eliot, Farns-
worth, Garfield, IIigby,Iltli, Holmes, Hooper, Ches-
ter D. Ilubbard, lngorsoll, Jenckes, Kasson, Kclley,
Ketchain,Kuykendall,LaLl in. Loan, Lynch, Marston,
McClnrg, MclXuer, Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill, Moul-
ton, Myers. O'Neill, Paine, Alexander H. Rice, John
11. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Scoiield, Shellabargcr,
Sloan, Stevens, Thayer, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas, Upeon, Van Aernam, Ward, Wentworth,
Williams Windom, and Woodbridge—63.
NOT VOTING —Messrs. Barker, Benjamin, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Sidney Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Dar-
ling, Davis. Dawes, Defrees, Donnelly, Drigsrs, Eckley,
Einck, Griswold, Harris, Ilotehkiss, James Hum-
phrey, Johnson, Longyear, M'.'Iudoe, McKee; Mer-
cur, Newell, Niblack, Noell. Orth,Patterson,Perham,
Pike, Pomeroy, Radford, Schenek, Shanklin, Starr,
Burt Van Horn, Henry D. Washburn, Whaley, and
Wrisfct—40,
So the resolution was adopted.
During the vote,
Mr. BEAMAN stated that his colleague, Mr.
Driggs, was detained from the House by illness.
The vote was then announced as above re-
corded.
! Mr. ANCOISTA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message fkom the senate.
A message was received from the Senate,
by Mr. Forney, their Secretary, notifying the
Etouae that that body had passed House bill
