1496
TH1 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
No. 80, making additional appropriations, and
to supply deficiencies in the appropriations
for sundry civiI expenses of the Government
for the fiscal year ending the 30th of June, 1866,
and for other purposes, with sundry amend-
ments, in which he was directed to ask the con-
currence of the House.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title; when the Speaker signed the
same :
An act (H. R. No. 217) for the relief of
Robert Henne.
LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
On motion of Mr. GARFIELD, leave of
absence was granted to Mr. Sciiexck for one
week.
EQUALIZATION OF BOUNTIES.
Mr. COFFROTH, by unanimous consent,
submitted the following resolution ; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
llexnl«nlThat the Committee on Military Affairs
be, and is hereby, instructed to report at an early day
a bill to equalize tile bounties of all the soldiers and
sailors who were mustered into the scrvicc of the
United States.
LOYAL REPRESENTATIVES.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
leave to submit the following resolution :
licsolrrd, Tn the opinion of this House, Represent-
atives from the late rebellious Ktates who can take
the required oath under the existing law, arc enti-
tled to seats ami should bo admitted as members of
this House.
The SPEAKER. The resolution under the
rules goes to the committee on reconstruction.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I move
to suspend the rules.
The SPEAKER. That cannot be done until
after the morning hour.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I with-
draw the resolution.
QUARTERMASTER GENERAL^ DEPARTMENT.
Mr. McCULLOUGH. I olfer the following
resolution:
jtte*al i :ed. That the Secretary of "War be directed to
furnish this House with a list of tho officers, volunteer
and regular, employed m the Quartermaster General's
department in this city; a,Ho tbeir ranlc, the particu-
lar duties performed by them, and the number of
clerks serving ra each bureau under them. Also, by
what tenure the Secretary of War holds the "Cor-
coran Art Building,'' what amount of rent is paid
for it per annum, and if a less expensive and equally
commodious and suilablc building fui the headquar-
ter.-- of the thiartermasterGeneralcannotbe procured,
and [hereby a laipre saving to the country be made.
The SPHAKEll. 'Flint beinga call for execu-
tive information, requires unanimous consent.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I object.
The resolution then went over under the rules.
' DICTIONARY OF CONGRESS.
Mr. COFFROTH. I ask leave to submit the
following resolution:
lUvtlrrd, That there be printed for the uso of the
member, of this House a sufficient number of .copies
of (lie Dictionary ot Congress, asrevised and brought
down to date, lo make the quota of the House equal
to that heretofore oidered by the Senate; and that
the Clerk sbo.ll nay to the compiler tho same rate of
copyright which has hitherto been allowed by thotwo
Houses of Uongiess.
Mr. WASHBLJRNE, of Illinois. I object.
CONFEDERATE DEBT.
Mr. ROGERS submitted the following reso-
lutions, and demanded the previous question :
Jlrmtvil, That the Federal Government has no
constitutional rijrht to assume or pay tho debt of the
bo-called confederate government of tho insurgent
States or the rebel debt of any of said States, and
that it would be an outrage even to attempt to do so.
Iteiolocd, That the honor of the federal Govern-
ment, and eveiy principlo of justice, demand that
the l-'ederal debt should be paid to the utmost far-
thing; that repudiation should be discountenanced,
and l ho plighted faith of the country sacredly pre-
served.
Resolved. That equal taxation is iust and right,
and that every person in this country should bear
equal share of the Tedcial and State taxes, and
that there should be no privileged class.
The House divided; and there were—ayes
27, noes 13; no quorum voting.
The SPEAKER ordered tellers; and ap-
pointed Messrs. Rogers and Grinnell.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 48, noes GO.
So the previous question was not seconded.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Has the morning
hour expired ?
The SPEAKER. It has.
The resolution then went over until next
Monday. loan bill.
The House next proceeded to the consider-
ation of Mr. Bea>ian"'s motion to lay upon the
table Mr. Garfield's motion to reconsider the
vote by which the loan bill "was rejected.
Mr. BEAMAjST demanded the yeas and nays.
The yeas and ryiys were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 70, nays 78, not voting
35 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Barker, Beaman,
Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buckland,
Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Cook, Dixon, Eg-
gleston, Eliot, Ferry, Goodyear, Grinnell, Abner 0.
Harding, Ilart, Hayes, Uigby. Hill, Holmes Asahel
W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N.iliibbell, James R, Hubbell, Hulburd, In-
gersoll, Jenckes, Julian, Kclley, Kelso, Kuykendall,
George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence, Loan,Lynch,
McClurg, Miller, Moorhead, Morris, Moulton, Myers,
O'Neill, Orth, P?tine, Pike, Plants, Price, Alexander
II. Rice, John II. Rice, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith,
StevensvThayer, Francis Thomas, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upcon,VanAernam. Welkcr,Williams, James
F. Wilson, Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—70.
NAYS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Ancona,
James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Ba^t^r Bergen,
Bidwell, 111 am o, Boyer, Brandegee, Brooks, Broom-
all. Chanler, Coffroth, G'onklinfr.Cullom, Dawes, Daw-
son, Delano, Dcnison, Donnelly, Dumont, Eldridge,
Farnsworth, Farquhar, Garfield, Grider, Hale, Aaron
Hardin?, Henderson. Hosan, Hooper, John II. Hub-
bard, James M. Humphrey, Jones, Kasson, Kerr,
Ivcteham,Laflin, Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Mar-
ion, Marvin, AleCullough.McRuer, Morrill, Nichol-
son, Perham, Samuel J. Randall, William II. Ran-
dall, Raymond, Ritter, Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rous-
seau, Sawyer, Scofteld, Sitgreaves, Spalding, Stilwcll,
Strouso. Taber, Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton,
Robert T.Van Horn, Ward, Warner, ElihuB. "Wash-
burne, William B. Washburn, Wentworth, Winfield,
and Woodbridne—78.
NOT VOTING—Messrs.DelosR. Ashley, Benjamin,
Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Davis, Defrees, Dem-
ing, Diisrgs, Eckley, Finck, Glossbrenner, Griswold,
Harris, Itotehkiss. Junes Humphrey, Johnson,Long-
year, Mclnrtoe, McKee, Mercur, Newell, Niblack,
Noell, Patterson, Phelps, Pomeroy, Radford, Schenck,
Shanklm, Starr, Burt Van Horn, IlenryD. Washburn,
Whaley, and Wright—35.
So the House refused to lay the motion to
reconsider upon the table.
During the roll-call,
Mr. DEMING stated that he had paired with
Mr. Harris.
The result having been announced as above
recorded,
The question occurred on the motion of Mr.
Garfield to reconsider the vote by which the
bill was rejected.
Mr. GARFIELD. I believe, by the usage
of the House, I am entitled to the usual time.
I have promised to give a part of it to some
gentlemen who desire to express their views
on the subject.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. Is the gentle-
man entitled to the floor by right, or by court-
esy?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman is entitled
by right; the previous question has exhausted
itself oil the rejection of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD. I -will give thirty min-
utes of my time to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Broomall,] after which I shall
claim the floor again.
Mr. BROOMALL. Mr. Speaker, it was with
extreme reluctance that I voted against the bill
under consideration on Friday last, not so much
on account of any merit I could see in the bill
itself, as because it was looked upon by the coun-
try and urged upon the House by its advocates
as the commencement of the contraction of our
currency. Tho views of the Secretary of tho
Treasury on this subject, known and approved
by the country at the time of his appointment,
set forth in his speech at Fort Wayne and in his
recent report, justified the people in looking for
a return to specie payments at no distant day.
The indorsement of those views by the House
of Representatives at an early period of the ses-
sion by a vote lacking only six of being unani-
mous, strengthened the hopes of the people and
was received with rejoicing by all classes except
speculators and gamblers in the public funds
who thrive upon inflation, instability of prices,
and uncertainty about public policy. It was
therefore a thing by no means to be desired that
Congress should even seem to have backed
down from its position, to have repudiated its
indorsement of the Secretary, and undertaken
to thwart him in his efforts to put the country
upon the road toward specie payments.
But by thus defeating the first measure of the
Department presented here through the appro-
priate committee for the avowed puiyose of
commencing the policy which has received tho
indorsement of this body and of the country, I
do not believe that the majority of this House
intended to repudiate that policj'. I rather
believe that those who voted with me against
the bill did so for the same reason which gov-
erned me: from a conscientious opposition to
the details of the bill, and the extent of the
powers conferred by it, and not hostility to the
avowed object of it. And it is with the view
of getting a bill giving all the necessary pow-
ers, without containing the objectionable feat-
ures of this one, that I now advocate the re-
consideration, which. I would have moved if
the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] had
not anticipated me.
The discussion which has taken place, and
the several votes by which this bill was defeated,
must have shown the Committee of Ways and
Means that while they cannot get this legisla-
tion, unless as a Democratic measure, they can
obtain from the Union majority of this body all
the powers which ought to be conferred upon
the Secretary of the Treasury in the premises
at this time. I therefore entreat the committee
to consent to a recommitment of the bill, with
or without instructions, as they may ele'et.
Personally I owe the Secretary no more than
good will, if that much. I entertain a profound
dislike of his political opinions, as far as I
understand them, and I have, if possible, still
less confidence in his knowledge of human
nature. But I believe him to be quite as com-
petent for the difficult and embarrassing situ-
ation he holds as any other financier in the
country. And T am anxious to give him all
the power he thinks necessary to carry out his
policy, subject to all the safeguards we believe
to be required for the good of the country.
Is there any doubt about the necessity of
legislation? Is there any question about the
currency being redundant? One might think
so from some of the arguments presented here
within the last few days. If it were worth while
to debate such a question, I would ask, why
otherwise are prices generally inflated? Cur-
rency, like everything else transferable, is sub-
ject to the law of supply and demand. Its
price is measured in all other commodities
just as the prices of {ill other commodities are
measured in it. Now, when thus measured,
where currency is apparently cheap and every-
thing else is apparently dear, and when the
question arises which of these appearances is
the reality, it is natural to look at the point
where the smallest or slightest cause will pro-
duce the effect. It is natural to suspect that
the single article, currency, has fallen in actual
value rather than that all the thousands of other
things have simultaneously risen.
But we are not left to this inference alone.
When a commodity becomes too cheap com-
pared with all^ others, it is because it has be-
come too plentiful ; because the supply is greater
than the demand. There is no other regular and
permanent cause of a fall of price in a single
article than an over supply of it. Before 1860
the currency of the United States, including the
precious metals, never exceeded $300,000,000;
now it exceeds $900,000,000. Formerly eight
dollars per capita of the population answered
the purposes of the country; now we have
thirty dollars. This would look very much like
an over supply of the article, and would quite
significantly suggest the idea of depreciation.
