1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3417
-persons who have been in the same service and
have been discharged on account of insanity.
3. Indigent insane who have become such
within- three years after discharge from such
service from causes which arose during and
were produced by said service.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read <1 third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ANCONA moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
AMBROSE L. UOODIUCU AND NATHAN CORNISH.
Mr. FAIIQUHAR, from the committee of
conference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses, on the amendments to House joint
resolution for the relief of Ambrose L. Good-
rich and Nathan Cornish, submitted the fol-
lowing report :
The committeo of conferenco on tho disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments to House
resolution 77, entitled "Joint resolution for the re-
lief of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish, for
carrying the United States mail fiom Boise City to
Idaho City, in the Territory of Idaho," having met,
after full and free contcroneo have agreed to rocom-
mond, and do recommend, to their respective Houses
as follows;
That the Senate rcccdo from that part of .their
first amendment which provides "that tho amount
to be allowed shall not exceed $20,000," and that said
amendment bo so modified as to read, " Provided,
That the amount to be allowed shall not excced
$10,000/'
That the IIou^o concur in the Scnato amendments
as modified. JOHN CO-VNKSS,
L. M. MOltlULL,
(J. It. BUOKALKW,
Manager* uit. (he j:arf of' (he Senate.
.10IIN II. FAIlQUIIAlt,
D. O. MelUIKR,
W. K. FINC1C,
M'unaf/ers on (he part of the Home.
The report was agreed to.
Mr. FARQUI1AII moved to reconsider the
vote by which the report was agreed to ; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
i'aiuff hill.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That there bo printed for the use of this
House one thousand extra copies of the tariff bill
lately reported,
Mr. LAFLIN, from the same committee,
also reported the following resolution ; which
was read, considered, and agreed to:
lietolved, That there be printed for the uso of this
House, live hundred copies of the existing tariff act.
NiTito-a r, YomtrNK.
Mr. ELTOT called for the regular order of
business.
The House accordingly proceeded to the
consideration of the regular order of business
during the morning hour, being the calling of
committees for reports, commencing with the
Committee on Commerce.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back with amendments Senate
bill No. 313, to regulate the transportation of
nitroglycerine or glynoin oil.
The amendments reported by tho committee,
mostly of a verbal character, were agreed to.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to be read
a third time ; and it was accordingly read tho
third time and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that tho motion to reconsider be laid uiion the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from this senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Founey,
its Secretary, informed the House that the Sen-
ate had passed an act (S. No. 353) for the re-
lief of the trustees and stewards of the mission
church of the Wyandotte Indians, in which he
was directed to ask the concurrence of the
House.
Also, that the Senate had passed an act to
reduce internal taxation and to amend an act
entitled "An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes,'' ap-
proved June 30, 1864, and acts amendatory
thereof, with amendments, in which the con-
currence of the House was requested.
ISSUE 01? IiEfilSTEItS TO VESSELS.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill declaratory of an act
entitled "An act authorizing the Secretary of
the Treasury to issue registers to vessels in
certain cases," approved February 10, 1866;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that the act approved Feb-
ruary 10, 1860, entitled "An act further to reg-
ulate the registering of vessels," shall not be
deemed or construed to affect in tho least the
operation of the act approved December 23,
1852, entitled "An net authorizing the Secre-
tary of the Treasury to issue registers to ves-
sels in certain cases," but that the same shall
be in full force and effect, anything in the act
first, aforesaid to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. SCOFIELD. If the gentleman from
Massachusetts is going to explain the bill I
have nothing to say. 1 only wanted to know
how he expects that it will change the exist-
ing law. It does not appear from the bill
itself.
Mr. ELIOT. I will state that some years
ago there was a law passed which authorized,
in case a foreign-built vessel was wrecked upon
our shores and was purchased by an American
owner and an expense equal to three times
the consideration money was put upon the
vessel, the registry of that vessel as an Ameri-
can bottom. On the 10th of February, 1806,
this Congress passed an act requiring that
where vessels had changed ownership during
the rebellion, which had been American and
had been placed under foreign protection,
those vessels being repurchased by the Ameri-
can owners should not be entitled to Ameri-
can registers except by act of Congress. In
point of fact, such was the law before, as I
believe, but there was a misunderstanding or
doubt at the Treasury Department, and it was
deemed advisable to make the law certain, and
so the act of February last was passed. Now,
since that time, it has been contended at the
Treasury Department that the "wreck act"
of 1852 was in some way interfered with by
the act of February, 1800. Well, it was not
the intention of the Committeo on Commerce
to interfere at all with that "wreck act," as
it is called, and iti order to remove all doubt
upon that subjcct this bill simply pro\ ides that
tho act of February 10, 1800, shall not be
construed to limit the operations of the act of
1852. That is the whole story.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time ; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the thud time and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider upon tho table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
registry of vessels.
Mr. ELIOT also, from the same commit-
tee, reported a bill authorizing the Secretary
of the Tiuasury to issue certificates of registry
or enrollment and license to certain vessels;
which was read a first and second time.
The bill was read.
Mr. PIKE. I would like to inquire what are
the circumstances requiring the passage of this
bill.
Mr. ELTOT. The vessels to which this bill
refers are all of them, I believe, with one ex-
ception, vessels built in Canada for the purpose
of being used in the lake trade, which have
been purchased by Americans and which since
the abrogation of the reciprocity treaty, it is
found, of course, impossible to uso advanta-
geously without American registers. There is
one exception to that, a schooner which was
wrecked and which, being wrecked, was pur-
chased by an Englishman. No bill of sale was
made; I mean no custom-house bill of sale, but
a bill of delivery, and the vessel being wrecked,
was raised and being found to be but little in-
jured, was putin order, and sold on the spot to
its present owners. They found upon applica-
tion at the custom-house that although the ves-
sel had never sailed under any foreign flag at
all, yet that tho momentary ownership by a
foreigner prevented their obtaining an Ameri-
can register, and -this enables them to do it.
With that exception, the vessels are all foreign-
built.
Mr. PIKE. I would inquire what rule the
committee have adopted, and whether they pro-
pose to admit any foreign-built vessel and sold
oonafide to American owners to an American
register. If that rale is to obtain, if we are to
import foreign-built vessels in this indirect way,
and thus in effect repeal tho navigation acts,
we should tax these vessels as we do other im-
portations. Let them be assessed forty per
cent, or thirty per cent, or such ad valorem
percentage as may be deemed proper. I ana
not disposed to interfere with these particu-
lar cases, for I know nothing about them ; but
it seems to mo that this admission of foreign-
built vessels by wholesale to American registers
does in effect repeal tho navigation acts of the
country.
Mr. ELIOT. Tho Committee on Commerce
have no idea of entering upon any such legis-
lation as that. It has so happened, since the
abrogation of tho reciprocity treaty, that quite
a number of vessels—almost all, without ex-
ception, small vessels, used upon the lakes
and in the lake trade between this country and
Canada—it has happened that quite a number
of these vessels, being the property of Ameri-
cans, and being purchased now by Americans,
have been seeking tho protection which Ameri-
can papers would give them. Tho Committee
on Commerce have confined themselves almost
exclusively to the consideration of those cases,
having considered no others, cxcept very ex-
ceptional cases. The gentleman, I think, need
not apprehend that the Committee on Com-
merce will recommend any legislation tending
to affect at all the navigation laws of this coun-
try. Certainly, so long as I may be a member
of the committee, no such recommendation
will be made without protest on my part.
Mr. PIKE. I want to make one more in-
quiry of the gentleman. I understand that
during this session some thirty vessels have
already in some way been admitted to Ameri-
can registers. I should like to inquire whether
that is true.
Mr. ELIOT. I should think not. I think
that if thegentleman would say fifteen or twenty
he would be nearer the fact.
Mr. PIKE. The gentleman stated that all
of these vessels are foreign-built exccpt one. I
ask him to designate that one.
Mr. ELIOT. It is the M. C. Rowe, a ves-
sel from (iloucestcr, Massachusetts.
Mr. PI ICE. I will inquire whether she was
"'whitewashed," as it is termed—whether she
took a foreign register for the purpose of avoid-
ing the risks incident to the war.
Mr. ELIOT. I wonder that the gentleman
should make that inquiry. I should bo tho
last person to recommend the granting of a
register in such a case.
Mr. PIKE. I ask tho gentleman to yield to
mo to make a motion to amend by providing
that these vessels shall be assessed at thirty
per cent, ml ralorem.
Mr. ELIOT. I cannot yield for any such
purpose. I call the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to a third
reading, and was accordingly read the third
time.
On the passage of the bill, there were—ayes
fifty-one, noes not counted.
Mr. LYNCH called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were mot ordered.
So the bill was passed.
