1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGKESSIONAL GLOBE.
ISf
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of War.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
them all, except that at Fayetteville, North
Carolina, which has been destroyed. The
necessary measures have been taken for the
preservation of the powder mill at Augusta,
and the laboratory and unfinished armory at
Macon, Georgia, which have been captured.
The number of permanent United States
arsenals and armories is twenty-eight. The
command and supervision of these, together
with the inspection services required at the
arsenals, the founderies, the powder mills, and
other private establishments engaged in work
for the Government, furnish constant employ-
ment for the whole number of ordnance offi-
cers (sixty-four) now authorized by law. The
proper discharge of these essential duties re-
quires that that number should be continued
as part of the military peace establishment of
the country.
The armies in the field have been amply and
well supplied with arms and other ordnance
stores, and the fortifications have had their
armaments kept in order and strengthened and
increased by additional guns of heavy caliber
and great efficiency.
the signal corps.
On the 1st of November, 1864, the Signal
corps numbered 168 officers and 1,350 enlisted
men, distributed in detachments among the
armies in the field and fhe military depart-
ments. All that portion of the Signal corps on
duty east of the Mississippi has been mustered
out of service, the act of Congress under which
the corps was organized having limited its or-
ganization to the duration of the rebellion,
fhcrc now remain 9 officers and 37 enlisted
men in the military division of the Mississippi,
and 15 officers and 98 enlisted men in the mil-
itary division of the Gulf. These detachments
are operating with the troops on the plains, in
Texas, and along the southwestern boundary.
The expenditures from appropriations for
the signal service amounted to $8,537 06 during
the year ending September 30, 1865. The
balance unexpended amounts to $248,062.
military telegraph.
The telegraph has continued to be a most
efficient and important instrument in military
operations. Its officers have shown the same
devotion and fidelity which have signalized their
efforts during former years. There have been
constructed during the year 3,246 miles of mil-
itary telegraph; 8,323 miles have been in oper-
ation during the year, and at its termination
6,228 miles were still in use. The expenditure
upon the military telegraph during the fiscal
year was $1,360,000; since the beginning of the
war $2,655,500. There have been constructed
and operated in all during the war about 15,000
miles of military telegraph. Control has been
assumed of the telegraphs of the late rebellious
districts as fast as they fell into our hands, and
arrangements are now made by which the lines
are kept in repair by the stockholders, the Uni-
ted States being at the expense only of purely
military lines and stations.
MILITARY PRISONERS AND PRISONERS OF WAR.
The report of the Commissioner of Exchanges
exhibits the exchange transactions during the
war, with statistical tables and other informa-
tion respecting the condition and treatment of
prisoners on each side.
Frequent inspections of military prisons have
been made from time to time, and all military
prisoners have been released, except such as
were under sentence or awaiting trial for mur-
der, arson, or other grave offenses. Clemency
has been extended liberally as was deemed
compatible with public security. All persons
imprisoned for offenses against the draft laws
have been released, and all deserters from the
volunteer service. Since the surrender of Lee's
army the danger to the national safety from
combinations and conspiracies to aid the rebel-
lion or resist the laws in the States not declared
to be insurgent has passed away; it is there-
fore recommended that the proclamation sus-
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 2.
pending the writ of habeas corpus in those
States be revoked.
The Commissary General of Prisoners re-
ports that between the 1st of January and the
20th of October, there were in our custody
98,802 prisoners of war. Of these 1,955 enlisted
into the United States service. Sixty-three
thousand four hundred and forty-two were
released after the cessation of hostilities, and
33,127 were delivered in exchange. Besides
these, 174,223 prisoners were surrendered in
the different rebel armies, and were released on
parole, namely:
Army of Northern Virginia, commanded by
General R. E. Leo  27,805
Army of Tennessee and others, commanded
by General J. E. Johnston  31,243
General -Jeff. Thompson's army of Missouri.... 7,978
Miscellaneous paroles, department of Vir-
ginia  9,072
Paroled at Cumberland, Maryland, and other
stations  9,377
Paroled by General MeCook in Alabama and
Florida :.  6,428
Army of tho department of Alabama, Lieu-
tenant General R. Taylor    42,293
Army of the trans-Mississippi department.
General E. K. Smith  17,680
Paroled in the department of Washington... 3,390
Paroled in Virginia, Tennessee, Georgia, Ala-
bama, Louisiana, and Texas  13,922
Surrendcied at Nashville and Chattanooga,
Tennessee  5,029
Total    174,223
JtTDGE ADVOCATE GENERAL.
In the Bureau of Military Justice, since March
2, 18(15, there have been received, reviewed,
and filed, 10,591 records of general courts-mar-
tial and military commissions, and 6,123 special
reports have been made as to the regularity of
proceedings, the pardon of military offenders,
tho remission or commutation of sentences, and
upon the numerous miscellaneous subjects and
questions referred for tho opinion of tlie bureau,
including also letters of instruction upon mili-
tary law and practice to judge advocates, re-
viewing officers, &c. By comparing these de-
tails with those presented in March last, it will
be perceived that the business of this bureau,
especially as an advisory branch of the War
Department, has not yet been diminished, or
sensibly affected by the altered condition of
public affairs.
The "Digest of Opinions of the Judge Ad-
vocate General," issued by the bureau in Jan-
uary last, having come into extensive use
throughout the Army, has proved of consider-
able advantage to the service in contributing
to establish a uniformity of decision and action
in the administration of military justice. As
the present edition of the work has been very
nearly exhausted, it is proposed to prepare
during the coming winter an enlarged edition,
containing, in connection with those already
published, a selection of the official opinions
communicated by the Judge Advocate General
during the present year.
The chief of the bureau expresses his sat-
isfaction with the ability and efficiency with
which the officers and clerks connected with it
have performed their several duties, and, in
view of the fact that the business of this branch
of the public service will probably not be ma-
terially diminished for the next twelve months,
is of the opinion that its present organization
may well be continued by Congress.
fbeedmen's bureau.
By an act of the last session of Congress a
new bureau in tho War Department was cre-
ated, called the Bureau of Freedmen, Refu-
gees, and Abandoned Lands. Its object was
to supply the immediate necessities of those
whose condition was changed by hostilities,
and were either escaping or escaped from
slavery to obtain freedom, or were driven from
their homes by the pressure of war, or the des-
potism of the rebellion. Its aid was designed
for the needy of both races, white and black,
and to administer as well aid from the Govern-
ment and from charitable individuals and as-
sociations. No appropriation was made to
carry this act into effect, but tho condition of
the people in the insurgent States required
prompt relief. The act of Congress authorized
the assignment of military officers to duty in
the bureau, and under this provision it was
organized. Major General Howard was as-
signed to duty as Commissioner; other officers
selected by him were assigned for agents and
assistants, and an ..organized system of relief
has gone into operation. The report of the
Commissioner, which has not yet been fur-
nished to the Department, will show the opera-
tion of the Freedmen's Bureau during a period
of several months, and afford some means to
judge what regulations are required. It is plain
that some such organization is wanted in the
insurgent States to relieve promptly great and
pressing need arising from the war, and social
disorganization resulting from the war. Proper
provisions for the colored population whose con-
dition has been changed by direct act of the
Federal Government, to serve its own purposes
in the conflict, is a solemn duty. More or less
resistance to tho performance of this duty is to
be expected while any rebellious or hostile
spirit remains, but the obligation to perform it
cannot be evaded or thrust aside with national
honor or safety. A numerous class of white
persons who, without fault in themselves, are
suffering want occasioned by the ravages of
war, have also a just claim for relief. But
while discharging these obligations to needy
destitute white persons and the freed colored
people, tho utmost care must be observed to
guard against establishing n national system of
pauperism that might foster a horde of idle
officials or dishonest agents, and engender vice,
sloth, and improvidence among a large class of
persons. To avoid this evil and insure stiic-t
supervision, it is urgently recommended, first,
that all appropriations of money for the Freed-
men' s Bureau be made in specific terms, dis-
tinct from any other purpose ; second, that the
number of agents and employes, and their com-
pensation, be fixed by law ; third, that the du-
ties and powers of the bureau, in respect to
persons and property, be defined by law.
By the heads of the respective bureaus of the
War Department and their staffs the Govern-
ment has been served with a zeal and fidelity
not surpassed by their brethren in the field. To
them the honors and distinction of an admir-
ing public have not been opened, but in their
respective vocations they have toiled with a
devotion, ability, and success for wheh they are
entitled to national gratitude.
Beside the signal success vouchsafed to our
arms, other causes contributed to overthrow
the rebellion. Among the chief of these may
be reckoned:
1. The steadfast adherence of the President
to the measure, of emancipating the slaves in
tho rebel States. Slavery was avowed by the
leaders of the rebellion to be its corner-stone.
By that system millions of people, constituting
nearly the whole working population of the
South, were employed in producing supplies on
the plantation, in the workshops and manufac-
tories, and wherever labor was required, thus
enabling the white population to fill the rebel
armies. The hopes of freedom, kindled by the
emancipation proclamation, paralyzed tim in-
dustrial power of the rebellion. Slaves seized
their chances to escape, discontent and dis-
trust were engendered, the hopes of the slave
and the fears of tho master, stimulated by the
success of the Federal arms, shook each day
more and more the fabric built ou human sla-
very.
2. The resolute purpose of Congress to main-
tain the Federal Lnion at all hazards, mani-
fested by its legislation, was an efficient cause of
our success. Ample supplies appropriated for
the Army and Navy, revenue lawsfor supplying
the Treasury, careful revision and amendment
of the laws for recruiting the Army and enfor-
cing the draft, gave practical direction to the
patriotic purpose of the people to maintain a
national existence that should afford protection
and respect by means of tho Federal Union.
