1£66.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
433
country, that it is simply a penalty to be in-
fiictedupon the Statesfor a specific disregard in
the future of those wise ana just and humane
grants "to the people" to elect their Repre-
sentatives and maintain a republican govern-
ment in eacli State.
Mr. Speaker, the Republic is great; it is great
in its domain, equal in extent to continental
Europe, abounding in the productions of every
zone, broad enough and fertile enough to fur-
nish bread aud homes to three hundred million
freemen. The Republic is great in the intelli-
gence, thrift, industry, energy, virtue, and valor
of its unconquered and unconquerable children ;
and great in its matchless, wise, and beneficent
Constitution. I pray the Congress of the United
States to propose to the people all needful
amendments to the Constitution, that, by their
sovereign act they may crown the Republic for
all time with the greatness of justice. _
Mr. BROOMALL. It is not my intention
to make any extended remarks upon the sub-
ject now before the House, but rather to inti-
mate an amendment which I propose to offer
at the proper time, should that time arrive, to
the proposition introduced into this House by
the joint committee on reconstruction. On the
second day of the present session I had the
honor to introduce one of the provisions which
■went to the committee that reported this joint
resolution. It was the mode most in accord-
ance with my predilections then, a_s it is now,
of the two presented for our choice. I pre-
ferred then, as I prefer now, the proposition
basing representation upon the actual voters.
But I have so earnest a desire that, the object
which we all have in view shall be attained that
I am willing to relinquish that predilection and
fo for an amended form of the proposition
rouglit before this House by the joint com-
mittee, if I can obtain it. If that cannot be
done, then I will go for the proposition itself.
I can, therefore, with the better grace urge
upon the members of this House the reconcil-
ing of the various views presented here, and
our uniting upon something, because I am will-
ing thus to waive my own preferences, and
advocate a proposition based upon a different
principle than that embraced in my own.
Of the two modes presented here for our
consideration, the first is embraced in the
amendment of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Schenck,] and which is similar to the one I
myself introduced, to base representation upon
actual voters. Now, it appears to me that that
would be a fair mode for basing representation.
It is true it might possibly work injustice be-
tween the eastern and western States, in con-
sequence of the greater preponderance of per-
sons under full age and ol temales in the eastern
States over the western States, and it is possible
that that consideration alone ought to induce
us to adopt the proposition of the committee or
something like it. But T am by no means sure
that the East is entitled to count its women and
children in its basis of representation unless it
gives them a voice in the Government, any more
than the people of South Carolina ought to
count their negroes without giving them a voice
in the Government.
But I am not here now to advocate that pro-
vision. As I have said, I have concluded to
support the principle of the joint resolution now
before the House, in a modified form, if I can
succeed in having it modified.
The resolution reported by the joint commit-
tee is open to one or two objections or more,
some of which have been urged upon this floor
with a greatdeal of force. I will reiterate them,
and then state in what manner I propose to ob-
viate those objections. The first objection is
thatsoablyurgedbvthegentleman from Rhode
Island, [Mr. Jexckks.] that the people of the
South, with their present, animus, may reach
the same result which we say they shall not. ac-
complish, by excluding no races, no colors as
such. For example, they may exclude al] who
do not own one thousand acres of land or its
equivalent in other property. This^vouM re-
duce the number of actual voters in South Car-
atina^to a mere fraction ot their population.
And yet the remedy proposed by the commit-
tee would not diminish their representation
here. That is to my mind a serious objection.
Another objection has been stated by the
gentleman from Ohio> [Mr. Shellabargbr,]
who first addressed the House on this subject
yesterday. That is, that by the provision "that
"whenever the elective franchise shall be denied
or abridged in any State on account of race or
color," we seem to invite the people of the
South to act upon our hint to continue to ex-
clude people 011 account of race or color, and
even go beyond that and exclude them on other
grounds not embraced within the provisions of
the resolution of the joint committee. Now,
I am not willing, if I can avoid it, to give any
vote upon this floor that will ever consent to
the principle that States may disfranchise entire
races of men. And yet if the resolution can-
not be amended in that particular, I say again
that my vote shall be cast in its favor.
Another objection pointed out by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Scuexck] is that the pro-
posed amendment excludes all of a race until
the last one of that race shall be enfranchised;
that is to say, if the people of the South choose
to impose an educational qualification upon the
elective franchise among the negroes, by which
all the negroes shall be permilled to vote hut
one tenth of them, the provision of the commit-
tee will exclude not only that one tenth, but the
other nine tenths also. This might or might not
be a serious objection, according to the dispo-
sition and mind of particular viewers of it, to
punish or not punish these populations of the
South. To my mind it is some objection ; and
yet I have no very great desire that they should
avoid proper punishment for the crimes they
have committed, or that they should not endure
the full consequences of the state of things they
have brought upon the country and themselves.
There is still another objection, and one not
yet alluded to by any gentleman on this lloor.
It is this: the resolution provides that whenever
the elective franchise shall be denied or abridged
in any State on account of race or color, all
persons of such race or color shall be excluded
from the basis of representation. _ N ow, there
is a great deal of indefmiteuess in both those
terms, "race" and "color."
What is a race of men? Writers upon the
subject of races differ very materially oil this
point. Some of them would make four or five
raccs; others fifteen; and one whom I might
name seems inclined not to limit the number
short of a thousand. I myself am inclined to
think that the Celtic race is a distinct one from
ours. 1 think that any gentleman who has
studied this subject attentively will at least have
doubts whether'or not the race that appears to
have inhabited Europe in the early historic
period, and has been partly dispossessed there
by ours, is not a distinct race from ours.
Again, the word "color" is exceedingly in-
definite. If we had a constitutional standard
of color, that of sole leather, for example, by
which to test the State laws upon this subject,
there might be less danger in incorporating this
provision in the Constitution. But, the term
"color" is nowhere defined in the Constitution
or the law. We apply the term to person? who
are of African descent, whether their color is
whiter or darker than ours. Every one who is
| familiar with the ethnological condition of things !
here in the United Statis,-and who se<;S the j
general mixing up of colors, particularly in the ,
Democratic portion of the country—I almdeto j
that portion south of Mason aud Dixon^ s hne
must say with me that the word " color " has no
very distinct meaning when applied to the dn-
ferent peoples of the United States of America.
Now. these several objections arc more or
less formidable. If any one'ot them or all of
them united should prevent two_ thirds of the
members of this House from votingin favor ol
the measure, I am sure the committee would
, be content to modify it so As to avoid these
' objections. And I have in my hand an ameud-
I mem, in the nature of a substitute for the enure
f resolution, which I propose to oflcv upon the
t proper occasion. I will ask the Clerk to read
my proposition, after which I will point out ho#
it obviates the difficulties which 'Ihave suggested
and which other gentlemen on this floor have
so ably enforced.
The Clerk read, as follows:
Resolved, (f;c„ That the following article lie pro-
posed to tho Legislatures of the several States as aa
amendment to the Constitution.of the U<nited States,
•which, when ratified by three fourthsof said Legisla-
ture?, shall be valid as part of said Constitution,
namely:
Article Representatives and direct taxes shall
he apportioned among the several States which may
be included within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, eountingthewholenumber of per-
sons in each State, excluding Indians not taxed:
Provided, That whenever the elective franchise shall
be denied by tho constitution or laws of any State to
any proportion of its male citizens over the age of
twenty-one years, tho same proportion of its popula-
tion shall bo excluded from its basis of representation.
Mr. BJ100MALL. It will be observed, Mr.
Speaker, that the change which I propose to
make in the proposition now before the House
is in the proviso. Instead of providing that—
Whenever the elective franchise shall be denied or
abridged in any State on account of race or color, all
persons of such race or color shall bo excluded from
the ba&is of representation,
I propose to provide that—
Whenever the elective franchise, shall be denied
by the constitution or laws of any State to any pro-
portion of its male citizens over the ago of twenty-
one years, the same proportion of ib population shall
be excluded from its basis of representation.-
It will be seen that this follows the idea of
the 'committee, because it bases the representa-
tion upon population and not upon voters. It
therefore does not work the injustice that has
been feared between the extreme East and the
extreme West, by reason of the peculiarities of
their populations. It will be seen, too, that it
avoids the difficulty suggested by the gentleman
from Rhode Island, [Mr. Jenckks,] which was
that the people of the South, without excluding
races or colors, may still arrive at the same end
liy affixing such qualifications to the elective
franchise as will actually exclude not, only all
the negroes, but a very large proportion of the
whites, because, according to my proposition,
wherever the elective franchise is denied to any
proportion—one tenth, one twentieth, or any
other proportion—of tho male citizens of any
State over the age of twenty-one years, the like
proportion of the entire population shall bo
excluded from the basis of representation. It
therefore satisfies the requisitions of the gen-
tleman from llbode Island.
Again, it obviates the difficulty suggested by
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabakger,]
that the prooosition of the committee seemed
to invite the' people of the South to exclude and
seemed to recognize their power to exclude en-
tire races of men, because my proposition is
not limited to the exclusion of men from the
elective franchise by reason of race or color, but
applies to their exclusion on any account what-
ever.
If Massachusetts should declare by law that
she will not let her citizens who cannot read
and write vote, and if by that tliere is the one
hundredth part of her male population over the
age of twenty-one denied the elective franchise,
why. Massachusetts must submit to have that
proportion of her population excluded from her
basis of representation. And so with all tho rest
of the States.
II obviat es the difficulty of the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. SniEXCK] who last addressed the
House yesterday, that the measure reported by
the committee excludes all of the race while
possibly a pari of the race may be allowed to
vote, provided the exclusion of a partis on ac-
count of race or color. I have no objection to
obviating that difficulty. It is but fair to obviat©
it. I think it is but fair, if the people of the
South should return, and allow a purely repub-
lican form of government to be established
among them, that they ought to bo encouraged
in the"good work, _
It also obviates the objection I have raised,
the want of definiteness in the terms ''race or
color" in tho resolution. It doe-not propose to
limit it- operation to those excluded on account
of race or color. ,
I think if the measure be recomnutteu to tin,
39th Conu, 1« KB*
.--Ho. 28.
