3418
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also m oved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
whitehall, new york.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back the bill (H. R. No. 611)
to provide for making the town of Whitehall,
New York, a port of delivery, with a recom-
mendation that it pass.
. The bill, which was read, provides that the
town of Whitehall, in the State of New York,
which by existing law is a port through which
imported merchandise may be exported in bond
and for drawback to the adjacent British North
American Provinces, be constituted a port of
delivery within the collection district of Cham-
plain, and that a deputy collector as now au-
thorized by law shall reside there, and shall
receive the same compensation as is now paid
to the deputy collector now stationed at that
port.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time.
Mr. HALE. This bill, as I understand, does
not propose to divide the district of Champlain
or create any new office.
Mr. ELIOT. It simply makes Whitehall a
port of delivery. That is the whole of it.
Mr. HALE. It does not provide for any
new office?'
Mr. ELTOT. No, sir. The letter which I
send to the Clerk's desk to be read will give the
gentleman the information he seeks.
The Clerk read as follows:
Treasury Dbfaktmext, June 14,1SG0.
Sir: I have the honor to acknowledge"tho rcceipt
of your note of tho 6th instant, transmitting for my
views "House bill Oil, proposing to make White-
hall, m Now lork, a port of delivery;" and to reply
thttt by the act of January 10,1849, chapter fourteen,
(9 Statutes, 311.) and the proclamation of tho Presi-
dent of March 2,1819, (9 Statutes. 1002,) the privilege
was extended to Whitehall to export to the liritiah
lrovmces goods with tho benefit of drawback; and
it seems to mo that its location and commercial im-
portance mako Ha proper point for a port of deliv-
ery. As no additional expense is incurred by the
measure there can be no reasonable objection to it.
Very respectfully, II. MCCULLOCH,
Secretary of the Treasury.
Hon. T. D. Eliot, of the Committeeon ComiHerce,IIou8e
of ueprpfsrntntivcs.
The bill was passed.
Mr. _ ELIOT^ moved" to reconsider the vote
by which tho bill was passed; and also moved
to lay the motion to reconsider on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ports of delivery.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported back, with amendments, the
bill (II. R. No. 609) to constitute Omaha and
Nebraska, in the Territory of Nebraska, ports
of delivery.
The bill, which was read, provides that
Omaha and Nebraska City, in the Territory of
Nebraska, shall be constituted ports of deliv-
ery, and shall be subject to the same regulations
and restrictions as otherports of delivery in the
United States; and there shall be appointed a
surveyor of customs to reside at each of said
ports, who shall, in addition to his own duties,
perform the duties and receive the salary and
emoluments of surveyor prescribed by the act
of Congress approved on the 2d of March, 1881,
providing for the payment of duties on imported
goods at certain ports therein mentioned, enti-
tled "An act allowing the duties on foreign
merchandise imported into Pittsburg, Wheel-
ing, Cincinnati, Louisville, St. Louis, Nash-
ville, and Natchez, to be secured and paid at
those places." It, is further provided that the
towns of Omaha and Nebraska City shall bo
annexed to and made a part of the collection
district of New Orleans, and all the facilities
"■"'I Pr'v'^eSes a^'orr^:<' by the act of Congress
°£ March 2,18-31, shall be extended to the ports
of Omaha and Nebraska City.
The amendments reported by the committee
were read, as follows:
First amendment;
Insert after the word "Nebraska," at the end of
lino three, the words " and St. Paul, in the State of
Minnesota."
The amendment was agreed to.
Second amendment;
Insert after the word "city," in line seventeen, the
words " and St. Paul."
The amendment was agreed to.
Third amendment:
Insert at the end of line twenty-two the words
"and St. Paul."
The amendment was agreed to.
Tho bill, as amended, was ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
The amendment to the title reported by the
committee was read, as follows:
Amend tho title so as to road, '* A bill to constitute
Omaha and Nebraska, in the Territory of Nebraska,
and St. Paul, in Minnesota, ports of delivery."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message prom tub senate.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed without amendment a bill (H. K. No.
301) entitled "An act to create the office of
surveyor general in Idaho Territory."
The message also announced that the Sen-
ate had passed House bills of the following
titles, with amendments, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested:
An ^ act (H. R. No. 179) amendatory of the
organic act of Washington Territory; and
An act (H. R. No. 513) to reduce internal
taxation and to amend an act entitled "An act
to provide internal revenue to support tho Gov-
ernment, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30,
18C4, and acts amendatory thereof.
Tho message further announced that the Sen-
ate had passed bills and a joint resolution of
the following titles, in which the concurrence
of the House was requested:
An act (S. No. 297) for the relief of the
owners of tho British vessel Magicienne;
An act (S. No. 374) for the relief of James
P. Johnson;
An act (S. No. 353) for the relief of the trust-
ees and stewards of the mission church of the
Wyandotte Indians; and
Joint resolution (S. No. 113) for the con-
struction of a railroad bridge across the Cuya-
hoga river over and upon the Government piers
at Cleveland, Ohio.
pout of entry, puget sound.
Mr. ELTOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, l eported a bill to change the port of
entry in Paget sound; which was read a first
and second time.
Tho bill provides that from and after the 1st
day of October, 1806, the port of Port An-
gelos, in the district of Puget Sound, in Wash-
ington Territory, shall be abolished as a port
of entry, and that Port Townsend shall be
established as the port of entry and delivery
for that district.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. ELIOT moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved to
lay the motion to reconsider upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
pilots and pilot regulations.
Mr. ELIOT, from the Committee on Com-
merce, reported a bill relating to pilots and
pilot regulations ; which was read a first and
second time.
The bill provides that no regulations or pro-
visions shall" be adopted by any State of the
United States which shall make any discrimi-
nation in the rate of pilotage or half pilotage
between vessels sailing between the ports of
one State and vessels sailing between the ports
of different States, or any discrimination against
vessels propelled in whole or in part by steam,
or against national vessels of the United States;
and all existing regulations orprovisions mak-
ing any such discrimination are annulled and
abrogated.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Does
that apply to riverpilots ? They are now under
State laws.
_ Mr. EGGLESTON. Itonly appliesto ocean
pilots.
Mr. ELIOT. Mr. Speaker, the object of
this bill is to prevent States from passing pilot
laws discriminating in favor of their own State
and against other States, discriminating against
vessels which come from ports in other States
to ports in the given States, and vessels which
come from one port to another in the same
State, and discriminating against national ves-
sels. That is the object of the bill. If it
passes the effect will be to annul all regulations
which tend to make such obnoxious discrim-
inations. _ In the laws of some States there
are provisions which discriminate against ves-
sels which come from the Atlantic coast, and
make discriminations in favor of vessels which
come from the Pacific coast; which discrim-
inate in favor of vessels sailing from port to
port within their own State and against vessels
which sail from ports in other States to ports
in their own State. The object of the bill i3
to prevent that.
Mr. ^RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to any bill which proposes to
prevent any unfair discrimination. Now, the
State of Pennsylvania and the State of New
York fix certain prices they allow pilots to
charge for bringing vessels in and talcing them
out of port, and I do not think the Govern-
ment of the United States should interfere with
the regulations of the States. I ask whether
this practically interferes with the laws of the
States in reference to the charges of pilots.
Mr. ELIOT. Not at all, beyond the extent
I have stated. The bill is a simple one and I
ask it be again read.
The bill was again read.
Mr. O'NEILL. I do not wonder my col-
league from the first district [Mr. Randall]
wished to have this bill read and its provisions
explained to the House, as it affects the com-
merce of the Delaware river, which runs along-
side his district as well as my own. The bill
seems to look to this. The State of Pennsyl-
vania has its own pilot laws. They regulate
the charges of pilots for piloting vessels up the
rivers in our own State. This is recommended
by tho Committee on Commerce, and it is de-
sirable the hill should be passed so that these
pilots shall bring vessels into the Delaware
river just as if they brought them from one
port to another on the river. I think it is just,
and my colleague need not be alarmed about
its interfering with the laws of Pennsylvania in
reference to pilots, unless in providing the
charges shall be the same.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I ask
the gentleman from Massachusetts to yield to
me for a moment.
Mr. ELIOT. Certainly.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. If all
the gentleman has stated in his explanation
were in the bill it would be a different matter;
but the object he says lie seeks to accomplish
is not borne out by the language of the bill. I
do not think the terms used are as plain as they
ought to be; and if the object be as stated, I do
not see why gentlemen should object to adding
a proviso to the effect that the Federal Govern-
ment shall not attempt to control or interfere
with State laws in reference to these pilots.
Now, I am not aware that any abuse has been
complained of in reference to these pilots. I
do not know that any petition has been pre-
