18
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
SENATE & HO. OF REPS.
Report of Hie Secretary of the Navy.
39xn Cong .... 1st Sess.
3. Patriotic measures adopted by the Gov-
ernors of loyal States, and the efficient aid they
rendered the War Department in filling up the
ranks of the Army and furnishing succor and
relief to the sick and wounded, largely contrib-
uted to the national preservation. Of these
measures one of the most important was the
aid tendered by the Governors of Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Iowa, "Wisconsin, and Michigan in the
opening of the campaign of 1864.
On the 21st day of April, 1864, G-ovemors
Brough, Morton, Yates, Stone, and Lewis made
an offer to the President to the following effect:
That these States should furnish for the
approaching campaign infantry troops—30,000
from Ohio, 20,000 from Indiana, the same num-
ber from Illinois, 10,000 from Iowa, and 5,000
from Wisconsin; the term of service to be one
hundred days; the whole number to be fur-
nished within twenty days; the troops to be
armed, equipped, and transported as other
troops, but no bounty to be paid, nor any credit
on any draft, and the pending draft to go on
until the State quota was filled.
After full consideration and conference with
the Lieutenant General, this offer was accepted
by President Lincoln. The State of Ohio or-
ganized within four weeks, and placed in the
field, 35,6-16 officers and men, beingS,646 troops'
more than the stipulated quota. Other States,
less able to meet the contingency, contributed
with alacrity all that could be raised.
Although experience had shown that troops
raised for a short term were more expensive
and of less value than those raised foi a longer
period, these troops did important scrvice in
the campaign. They supplied garrisons and
held posts for v.-hi eh experienced troops would
have been required, and these were relieved so
as to join the armies in the field. In several
instances the three-months troops, at their own
entreaty, were sent to the fiont, and displayed
tb ei r gallantry in the hardest battles of the cam-
paign.
4. The result of the presidential election of
18G4 exerted an important influence upon the
war. Intercepted letters and dispatches be-
tween the rebel leaders showed that their hopes
of success rested greatly upon the presidential
election. If the Union party prevailed, the
prosecution of the war until the national au-
thority should be restored appeared inevitable,
and the rebel cause desperate. Even on the
battle-field the influence of the election was felt.
The overwhelming voice of the people at the
presidential election encouraged the heroic
daring of our own troops, and dismayed those
who were fighting in a hopeless cause.
5. The faith of the people in the national
sncccos, as manifested by their support of the
Government credit, also contributed much to
the auspicious result. '>7hile thousands upon
thousands of brave men filled the ranks of the
Army, millions of money were required for the
Treasury. These were l'urnishedby the people,
who advanced their money on Government
securities, and freely staked their fortunes for
the national defense.
Looking to the causes thatliave accomplished
the national deliverance, there seems no room
henecforth to doubt the stability of the E'ederal
Union. These causes are permanent, and must
always have an active existence. The majesty
of national power has been exhibited in the
courage and faith of our citizens, and the igno-
miny of rebellion is witnessed by the hopeless
end of the great rebellion.
EDWIN M. STANTON,
Secretary of Ww.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Navy Department,
December 4, 1865.
Sir: In my last annual report I presented to
Congress and the country such description as
the occasion seemed to require of the measures
of Sidmhiibtrution by which our naval force had,
during the preceding four years, been created
and organized, with an account of the method
and manner in which it had been applied in
arduous and unexampled forms of action for
the suppression of the rebellion. The review
then given of the principal operations and the
brilliant achievements of our Navy closed with
the memorable recovery of the harbor and the
almost impregnable defenses of Mobile.
In this report, besides the exposition of the
ordinary business of this Department, including
the suggestions and recommendations deemed
necessary for the proper regulation of the naval
service in the present condition of the country,
it will be my duty to complete the official record
of the triumphs of the N avy in the final opera-
tions and closing scenes of the war, to indicate
the new arrangement and organization of the
several squadrons consequent upon the termi-
nation of the blockade and the cessation of act-
ive hostilities, to exhibit the vigilance and en-
ergy of our blockading and cruising service, as
testified by the number and value of the captures
made in the unrelaxing and successful efforts to
cut off illicit commercial intercourse with rebel
ports; and especially to exhibit the policy and
measures of the Department in effecting at the
earliest moment, in view of returning peace, a
reduction of naval expenditures, while provid-
ing for the prompt reestablishment at any time
of our great naval power ill all its efficiency to
meet the exigencies of any possible crisis in
which its services may be invoked to maintain
the rights or vindicate the honor of the country.
'The demands upon the naval service, which
for four years had been exacting, were relaxed
uponthefallofFortFisher. That event, andthe
possession of Capo Fear river, closed all access
to Wilmington, the port of rebel- supplies, put
a:i end to illicit traffic with the States in insur-
rection, and extinguished the last remnants of
that broken commerce which foreign adventur-
ers had, notwithstanding constant and severe
losses, persisted in carrying on by breach of
blockade. The capture of Wilmington was
preliminary to the fall of Richmond and the
surrender of the rebel armies, which were
thenceforward deprived of supplies from abroad.
It released at once a large portion of our naval
force, and led to immediate measures for the
reduction of our squadrons and the withdrawal
of all vessels which could be dispensed with
from the blockade. Such of them as were pur-
chased and no longer required by the Govern-
ment, have from time to time been sold to meet
the demands of reviving commerce, which has
rapidly expanded as the country became quieted
and industry was resumed at the South. Trade
and peaceful employment havp led to the re-
opening of the avenues of commercial and so-
cial intercourse, and the steamers bought from
the merchant service for war purposes have been
to a great extent returned to their former pur-
suits.
north atlantic squadron—capture op wil-
mington and its defenses.
As early as 18C2 the necessity of closing the
port of Wilmington became a primary object
with this Department, and was never relin-
quished ; but without military aid and coopera-
tion it could not be effected or even wisely at-
tempted. In September, 18G4, the Department
had such assurances of military assistance as to
feel warranted in entering upon the necessary
preparations for assembling an adequate naval
force to undertake and perform its part in ac-
complishing the work. In order that there
should be no failure, the Department concen-
trated a sufficient force to insure success. To
place that force under the command of the first
officer in the Navy was a duly. Vice Admiral
Farragut was therefore selected to conduct the
enterprise, but impaired health, the result of
exposure and unremitted exertions during two
years of active labor and unceasing efforts in
the Gulf, rendered it imprudent for that dis-
tinguished and energetic officer to enter upon
this service. He had, moreover, important
work yet to be finished on the Gulf coast, where
ho was then operating, and w.is therefore, on his
own request, excused from his now command.
Rear Admiral Porter, who had shown great
ability as the commander of the Mississippi
squadron, and had identified himself with many
of its most important achievements, was trans-
ferred to the command of the North Atlantic
squadron, which embraced within i ts limits Cape
Fear river and the port of Wilmington.
A fleet of naval vessels, surpassing in num-
bers and equipments any which had assembled
during the war, was collccted with dispatch at
Hampton Roads. Various causes intervened
to delay the movement, and it was not until (lie
early part of December that the expedition de-
parted for Beaufort, North Carolina, the place
of rendezvous. Some further necessary prep
aratious were there made, which, together with
unfavorable weather and other incidents, de
layed the attack until the 24th of December.
On that day Rear Admiral Porter, with a bom-
barding force of thirty-seven vessels, five of
which were iron-clads, and a reserved force of
nineteen vessels, attacked the forts at the month
of Cape Fear river, and silenced them in one
hour and a quarter; but there being no troops
to make an assault or attempt to possess them,
nothing beyond the injury inflicted on the works
and the garrison was accomplished by the bom-
bardment. A renewed attack was made the
succeeding day, but with scarcely better results.
The fleet shelled the forts during the day and
silenced them, but no assault was made, or at-
tempted, by the troops which had been disem-
barked for that purpose.
Major General Butler, who commanded the
cooperating force, after a reconnoissancc, came
to the conclusion that the place could not be
carricd by an assault. Ho therefore ordered a
reembarkation, and informing Rear Admiral
Porter of his inteuiion, returned with his com-
mand to Hampton Roads. Immediate infor-
mation of the failure of the expedition was for-
warded to the Department by Rear Admiral
Porter, who remained in the vicinity with his
entire fleet, awaiting the needful military aid.
Aware of the necessity of reducing these works,
and of the great importance which the Depart-
ment attached to closing the port of Wellington,
and confident that with adequate military coop-
eration the fort could be carried, he asked for
such cooperation, and earnestly requested that
the enterprise should not be abandoned. In this
the Department and the President fully con-
curred. On the suggestion of the President,
Lieutenant General Grant was advised of the
confidence felt by Rear Admiral Porter that he
could obtain complete success, provided he
should be sufficiently sustained. Such military
aid was therefore invited as would insure the
fall of Fort Fisher.
A second military force was promptly detailed,
composed of about 8,500 men, under the com-
mand of Major General A. II. Terry, and sent
forward. This ^officer arrived off Fort Fisher
on the 13th of January. Offensive operations
were at once resumed by the naval torce, and
the troops were landed and intrenched them-
selves, while a portion of the fleet bombarded
the works. These operations were continued
throughout the 14th with an increased number
of vessels. The 15th was the day decided upon
for an assault. During the forenoon of that
day forty-four vessels poured an incessant fire
into the rebel forts. There was, besides, a force
of fourteen vessels in reserve. At'tliree p. in.
the signal for the assault was made. Desperate
fighting ensued, traverse after traverse was
taken, and by ten p. m. the works were all car-
ried, and the flag of the Union floated over them.
Fourteen hundred tailors and marines were
landed and participated in the direct assault.
. Seventy-five guns, many of them .superb rifle
pieces, and 1,900 prisoners, wore the immediate
fruits and trophies of the victory; but the chief
value and ultimate benefit of this grand achieve-
ment consisted in closing the main gate through
which the insurgents had received supplies from
