2458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
not clothed in mourning,when every household
mourns its victims sacrificed upon the altar of
the insane hate of people against people—peo-
ple who never saw one another and who know
nothing about each other—I say that what the
nation wants now is quiet, peace, and harmony,
that good men should come together and be
forgiving, and that if there are to be more vic-
tims they shall be victims of the law, not the
victims of individual malice, or the victims of
individual revenge. Let the law in its majesty
seize upon the guilty, pronounce upon their
cases, and exccute its judgments as becomes a
civilized, Christian people.
Mi'. HOWE. I cannot allow this hold of
the Treasury that we have got just now to pass
away from us, and these appropriations to go,
until I have said a word of explanation upon
one remark of my colleague's.
To recall the Senate to the state of the ques-
tion, it will be borne in mind that he undertook
to defend the policy which the President is
governed by in his appointments, and to deny
that he was making any appointments for opin-
ion's sake. I had some facts, that is to say, I
heard some statements which I thought^ mili-
tated against that view of the case, and I sub-
mitted them that I might know whether they
■were correct or not. In iteply to that my col-
league took occasion to remark, as if it were a
subject of personal injury to himself, that in
his absence I had presented to the Senate some
resolutions passed by the Legislature of Wis-
consin asking him to resign his seat here in the
Senate. If my colleague has a right to con-
sider that a personal injury, if it was a per-
sonal injury to him, I regret it. If it was a
wrong done him, I regret the act very much.
Those resolutions were sent to me by the sec-
retary of state of Wisconsin in company with
several other series of resolutions and memo-
rials, most of which were addressed in terms
to the Congress of the United States. I could
not understand any possible j^urpose in sending
them to mo except it was to have them laid
before the Senate; and so it never occurred to
mo to doubt for an instant that it was entirely
proper, and that it was demanded as the due
of the State of Wisconsin that they should be
presented to the Senate. I did have a question
in my own mind whether courtesy to my col-
league did not rather call upon me to wait and
allow him to present the resolutions. I sub-
mitted that question to a couple of Senators
much older and more experienced than myself
sitting near me, and it was in pursuance of their
recommendation that I submitted the resolu-
tions myself. I certainly did not intend to do
my colleague any wrong. I do not believe
to-day I did him any wrong. I do think the
Legislature intended that those resolutions
should be submitted to the Senate. The fact
of their passage was known to the world, and
I think I only obeyed the wish of the Legisla-
ture of Wisconsin when I did submit them.
But my colleague asks mo if I consider that
act of the Legislature instructing him to resign
his seat because of some votes he had given
here as an act of toleration, and whether I
approve of the conduct of the Legislature.
Sir, the conduct of the Legislature had not been
drawn in question at all. There had been no
allusion to it whatever. But when my colleague
holds up that act of the Legislature as an evi-
dence of intolerance like that of which I spoke
in certain appointments which were attributed
to the_ President, I think he overlooks entirely
the difference between the relations existing
between him and the Legislature of Wisconsin
and the relations existing between the Presi-
dent and the party who put him in the presi-
dential chair. My colleague seems to forget
the fact that the Legislature of that State se-
lected him out of all the people of Wisconsin
to come here, bringing her power of attorney
to declare her will, to defend her interests, to
uphold her honor, to be her representative.
They had requested him upon one great meas-
ure to make a given declaration of her wishes.
He declined to do that. I do not attack my
colleague for declining it, for obeying L s own
convections instead of hers. That was his pre-
rogative as a Senator. But having seen fit upon
that great vital measure to follow his own con-
victions, to declarfe his own wishes, and not to
make known the wish of Wisconsin, I must be
allowed to say in all candor that I do not think
the State of Wisconsin stepped out of her juris-
diction, or that the Legislature overstepped the
jurisdiction prescribed to them when they saw
fit to comment upon that course of his as to
them seemed just. . With that action of the
Legislature I had no conceivable connection
in the world, any further than to be their organ
in submitting the resolutions to the Senate.
As to the other question raised by my col-
league and discussed here, touching the Presi-
dent's policy itself, I expressly waived any
attack upon that. My colleague's ideas of
reconstruction are not advanced here now for
the first time, and I do not feel called upon
now to say a word in reply to them.
Mr. WILSON. Some things have fallen
from the Senator from Wisconsin and the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania that I desire to notice;
but at this hour I do not like to ask Senators
to stay here for that purpose. I therefore move
that the Senate do now adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OP REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, May 8, 1866.
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton".
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
reconstruction.
The SPEAKER stated the first business in
order to be the consideration of the constitu-
tional amendment reported by the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. GARFIELD. I move that that special
order bo postponed, and that the House pro-
ceed to the consideration of the tax bill. 1 do
this for the reason that I believe in three or four
days at the farthest we can finish the tax bill.
If we enter now into the discussion of the con-
stitutional amendment it will bring up the entire
subject of reconstruction, and the debate will
run on for three or four weeks. It seems to
me to be almost a national calamity to delay
the tax bill that long. I call for the previous
question.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope there will be no
such disposition made of the special order. I
have no idea that the constitutional amendment
will take up more than two or three days. It
ought to be in the Senate at once, if it is ever
to be acted on. As to the tax bill, we will not
lose anything by letting it lie over. Some
additions have been recently made to it which
I have not had time to read. We have set
apart the night sessions for the consideration
of that bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I under-
stand it was the agreement of the House
yesterday that the constitutional amendment
should be considered during the day and the
tax bill during the evening.
Mr. GARFIELD. I do not think that was
the understanding. It was not mine.
The SPEAKER. To what time does the
gentleman propose to postpone it?
Mr. GARFIELD. Until the tax bill has
been disposed of.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that that motion
be laid upon the table.
Mr. RAYMOND. In case we do not finish
the constitutional amendment to-day, will it be
superseded by the proposition made the special
order for to-morrow?
The SPEAKER. The constitutional amend-
ment remains the special order until disposed
of.
Mr. STEVENS. I withdraw my motion to
lay upon the table.
I will say that the intention is not to press
the accompanying bills until this constitutional
amendment has been disposed of by the
Senate,
Mr. JENCKES. I ask the gentleman from
Ohio to modify his motion so that we may have
the day for the tax bill, and the evening for
voannctrnftinn
The SPEAKER. That will require unan-
irnous consent.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am willing to agree to
that.
Mr. STEVENS. I object.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then I insist on my
motion and demand the previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered,
Mr. LE BLOND. I demand the yeas and
nays. I want to see whether the negro shall
have preference of the linances.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was talcen; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 01, nays 82, not voting
50 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anderson, Delos R. Ashley, Barker,
Bergen, Boyer, Chanlcr, Coffroth. Darling, Dawes,
Dawson, Denison, Eldridge. Finck, Garfield, Gioss-
brenner, Goodyear, Gnder, Griswold, Aaron Hardmg,
Harris, James Humphrey, Jcnckes, Kasson, Kerr,
Latham, LeBlond, Marshall, McCulIough, Moorhead,
Niblack, Patterson, Phelps, Pike, Radford, Samuel J.
Randall, Raymond, Ritter, Ross, Rousseau, Shanklin,
Stilwell. Strouse, Taber, Taylor, Thayer, Thornton,
RobertT. Van Horn, Henry D.Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Whaley, and Williams—51.
NAYS —Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baker, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bcainan, Benjamin,
Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Broinwel1,Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Conkiing,
Cullom, Defrees, Deming, Dixon, Dod?e, Donnelly,
Driggs, Eekley, Eliot, Farnsworth, Ferry, Abner C.
Harding, Hart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, James R. Ilubbell,
Hulburd. Ingersoll, Julian, lvelley, Kelso, Keicham,
Kuykendall, Laflin. George V. Lawrence, William
Lawrence, Longyear, Lynch, Mclndoe, MeKee, Mc-
Ruer.Mercur, Miller, Morris, Moulton, O'Neill, Orth,
Perham, Plants, William H. Randall, Alexander
H. Rice, John H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer, Schenck,
Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding, Stevens, John L.
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Yan Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Warner, Er.hu B.Washburne, Welker, Stephen
F. Wilson, and Windom—82.
NOT VOTING*—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Blaine,
Boutwell, Brandegee, Sidney Clarke, Cook, Culver,
Davis, Delano, Dumont, Eggleston, Farouhar, Grin-
nell, Hale, Hill, Hogan, Hooper, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, John II. Hubbard, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James M. Humphrey, Johnson, Jones, Loan,
Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Morrill, Myers, Newell,
Nicholson,Noell, Paine, Pomcroy, Price, Rogers. Sit-
greaves, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Francis Thomas, Trim-
ble, Ward, Wentworth, James F. Wilson, Winfield.
Woodbridge, and Wright—50.
So the House refused to postpone the special
order.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield to allow
me to offer a resolution.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield if it does not
come out of my time.
merchants' national bank of washington.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I ask
unanimous consent to introduce the following
resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Banking and
Currency be directed to examine into all the facts
and circumstances connected with the recent failure
of the Merchants' National Bank of Washington,
and report to the House the afhount of money de-
posited in tho said bank, and by whom, the causes of
its failure, and also what farther legislation is neces-
sary in regard to the national banks to protect tho
public and the Government, and that the said com-
mittee bo empowered to send for persons and papers,
and examine witnesses under oath.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I sug-
gest an amendment that it be made to apply-
to other banks.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
that—"and other banks."
The resolution, as amended, was agreed to.
Mr. ASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
reconsider the vote by which tho resolution
was agreed to ; and also moved that the motion
to reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
crade or vice admiral.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to yield to allow
mo to introduce a bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will yield.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I ask unani-
mous consent to introduce and put upon its
passage a bill to amend an act to establish tho
