1498
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
evil consequences of the inflation, why not do
so ? Why not cut off the top of the mountain
which we would otherwise have to climb over?
This is an important consideration. If we
have not yet reached the height of the inflation
nobody will doubt the propriety of reducing the
currency at once in order to prevent further evil
consequences. Let us therefore look at this
question. There is no principle plainer or bet-
ter settled than that doubling the currency of a
community will double prices in the absence of
any counteracting element. This result will not
be produced at once. It requires time for the
new standard of value to enter into the prices
of all commodities. It may require years. Tlfe
first effect is to stimulate trade unnaturally.
This for the time employs part of the excess
of currency and prevents it entering into the
prices of commodities. The ease with which
debts may be paid off with the new currency
also gives temporary employment to the excess.
But these and other disturbances will disappear
sooner or later, and the doubled currency will
have ultimately doubled prices, or, to speak
more critically accurate, will have depreciated
toone half its original value. So plain a prop-
osition needs no demonstration.
Now, our currency has been increased three-
fold since 1800, while prices have as yet ad
vanced only once and a half. Are there any
other than temporary causes operating here to
prevent the increase of currency from acting to
its full extent upon prices ? I see none. Some
of the excess was employed in the business of
war, which was to a large extent a cash busi-
ness. But this retarding element has disap-
peared. There was the usual unhealthy stim-
ulus to trade and speculation. There was also
the rapid payment of old debts, both employing
large quantities of the excess. But these are
rapidly passing away. There was also a tem-
porary disuse of the ordinary expedients to deal
without currency. But society is rapidly set-
tling down into its old habits. Already credit
in its various shapes is taking the place of cur-
rency, and in a short time there will be noth-
ing to prevent the expansion from imposing its
full measure upon prices. A year or so may
elapse in the mean time, but when this process
shall be fully completed, if the currency shall
remain as it is, gold will sell at 250, and other
commodities at corresponding prices.
I ought to qualify this assertion by admitting
the possibility of a panic in the mean time,
which, if sufficiently extensive, would crush half
the trading community and bring gold to par.
I know no means of foretelling when a mer-
cantile people will become so distrustful, so
alarmed as to destroy one another in their efforts
to escape some real or imaginary evil. All we
know is that panics follow inflations, and usu-
ally terminate them.
By lar the greatest proportion of the evils of
contraction result from the panics that are
caused by it. If these could be avoided the
process of returning to specie payments would
be no very serious matter j but I know no way
to avoid them. An opinion is prevalent, and
I believe is entertained by the Secretary of the
Treasury, that a contraction sufficiently grad-
ual will cause no panic. I think this is a mistake.
Bringing prices down by retiring the currency is
like pullingaheavy weighton the ground with a
long elastic rope. No matter how slowly and
gradually you pull, the weight comes at last
with a jump and a jerk. In like manner a
slow and gradual contraction of the currency
has no effect whatever upon prices for a time.
As it continues money slowly becomes scarcer,
rates of interest go up, but still men pay those
rates, hoping the stringency is temporary. Oc-
casionally a small dealer goes by the board,
Dut this alarms nobody. Money becomes still
scarcer, rates of interest higher; but prices
remain substantially the same until large deal-
ers can stand no longer. Then the crash begins,
each failure causing others. Then everybody
wants everybody else to pay up; the demand
tor money becomes enormous. Prices come
down with a run, because debtors to save them-
selves try to convert their commodities into
cash at any price. Nobody trusts anybody
else, and the community is in the midst of a
panic, just as disastrous as if the contraction
had been sudden.
I have said that I know no way to prevent
this. Possibly if the community were informed
from week to week of the amount of currency
retired, and could be made to consider the ulti-
mate result of it, the evil might be ameliorated.
If I am right in all this, why not commence
the business of contraction ? Why not prevent
the evil from becoming still greater? I am not
asking that the price of gold should be reduced
below its present point (ISO) at once. I would
be quite content to keep it there for a year to
come; but the people have a right to require at
the hands of the Government that the price be
not enhanced.
I am willing to empower the Secretary of
the Treasury to soli bonds at not less than par,
and with the proceeds to retire and cancel the
interest-bearing legal tenders. This is sub-
stantiallytheproposition of the gentleman from
Massachusetts, [Mr. Hooper,] a proposition
which, I trust, will be adopted. The prohibi-
tion to sell bonds at less than par for the pur-
pose is quite a sufficient guard against undue
contraction, because the first symptom of undue
contraction will be a stringency in the money
market, and this will at once stay the proceed-
ing by preventing the bonds from selling at
par. _ Thus guarded, the power ought to be
sufficient to enable the Secretary to prevent a
rise in the price of gold. If it should prove
insufficient, I am quite willing to increase it.
The mere fact of the passage of a bill look-
ing toward specie payments will go far to pre-
vent the future evil consequences of the expan-
sion. _ Itwilhnakemencautiousaboutincurring
liabilities. It will cause them to hesitate before
embarking in doubtful and hazardous enter-
prises, and thereby enable them the better to
withstand the effect of a panic when that shall
happen. If anything could make the road to-
ward specie payments easy it would be a general
preparation beforehand, a full understanding
of the nature of the road and complete con-
sciousness that we are upon it.
_ To conclude, I voted with the friends of the
bill with the hope of getting that of the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hooper] sub-
stituted for it. If this shall fail, I must vote
against the bill. I am unwilling to confer
upon any department of the Government the
power contained in this bill. I look upon the
power to control the currency of a country like
ours as greater for evil or good than that of
any European monarch. That power belongs
to Congress, and that body would be false to
every duty to the country in conferring it now
without restrictions upon any other department.
Mr. GARFIELD. I yield ten minutes to
the gentleman from Massachusetts. [Mr. Bout-
well. ]
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, nobody
can be more reluctant than I am to oppose a
measure of a committee of this House or any
department of the Government. But I am in-
clined to maintain the position that under no
circumstances ought this House to confide to
any agent of the Government authority to di-
minish the non-interest-bearing legal-tender
notes. I am altogether opposed to endowing
an agent to do that which we think ought not
to be done.
If this House will look at the condition of
the country with reference to its finances, it
seems to me it can reach but one conclusion,
and that is. that the bill submitted by my col-
league [Mr. Hooper] is one which ought to
receive the support of this House and of the
country.
And I have an observation to make to the
gentlemen on this side of the House. After
having passed through four years of the great-
est peril, both in a military and financial point
of view, I submit that now is not the time to
accept gifts from the Greeks, and that it is now
a matter of honor as well as of right that those
who sit on this side of the House and represent
a majority of the loyal people of this country,
should define and limit the financial policy of
the Administration.
We have $450,000,000 of non-bearing-interest
currency. We have $260,000,000 of national
bank currency, which may reach the maxi-
mum of $300,000,000, making $750,000,000 in
all. We have in addition to that $180,000,000
of legal-tender notes bearing interest, which
added to the currency amounts to something
more than nine hundred million dollars. Under
this condition of things gold is to-day quoted
at 128-f. Last Friday it was 130f.
It is proposed on this side of the House, by
those who object to the measure of the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means, that the currency
of the country shall be reduced, between now
and the 1st day of December next, at the
discretion of the Secretary of the Treasury,
$180,000,000, or about twenty per cent, of the
existing currency of the country. And if, as
gentlemen contend—a proposition which I do
not admit—the price of gold follows the vol-
ume of the currency of the country, then gold
should stand, with that reduction, at 105 when
Congress reassembles in December next.
That, sir, is as much as the business of the
country can bear. But if in addition to that a
further reduction ismadeof $100,000,000, as is
proposed, three quarters of the manufactories
of the central and northern portions of the
country will be suspended.
Sir, it is not a question whether laborers
shall be able to earn a dollar and a half or a
dollar a day, but it is a question of work and
subsistence for eight thousand people that I
represent in one of the cities of Massachusetts.
Therefore I should be false to my trust if I
hesitated to say that a limit should be fixed
beyond which the Secretary of the Treasury
shall not go in this condition of public affairs.
We offer to fix it at $450,000,000 non,-bear-
ing-interest legal tender; $300,000,000 national
bank currency, and if that reduction be made,
specie will approximate to par with paper next
December.
The authority to reduce the currency with-
out limit is a vast authority to confide to any
man. It gives the Secretary the power to
make every man in the country, between the
Rio Grande and the St. John, weep or laugh,
any day at pleasure. I, for one, can consent
to no such proposition, and yet I feel bound to
say that there is no man whose general finan-
cial policy I would more heartily support than
that of the Secretary of the Treasury, and I
should look upon it as a calamity if his place
should be occupied by any other man whom it
is my fortune to know. But notwithstanding
this feeling, and although we are all aware that
this power is not to be exercised, yet by con-
fiding it to him you give the people reason to
apprehend that at some time the power may
be exercised by him or by his successor, who-
ever he may be, and that apprehension will be
constant weight upon the business interests of
the country.
I appeal to the chairman of the Committee
of Wrays and Means to allow this bill to be re-
committed to his committee without instruc-
tions and take their judgment after this debate.
If he will agree to allow the motion to recom-
mit to be made, I think I may say that we will
not object to the reconsideration; but if the
xommittee insist that there shall be no recom-
mitment of the bill, then there is no course for
us but to vote against the motion to reconsider
the vote of Friday last.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, every gen-
tleman in this House must admit that during
the short time given to the committee this
morning a full hearing has been given to two
of the ablest gentlemen who oppose this meas-
ure, and I presume their views could not have
been more strongly stated in the same length
of time than they have just been stated by the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Bout-
well.] But I wish to call his attention and
that of this House to the fact that in the dis-
