1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
435
as her representation will be neither increased I
nor diminished by any action she may 1 ake upon I
this subject, being entitled, with other States, ;
"to at least one .Representative." But I pro-
test against the attempt to invade and take away
the reserved rights of the Slates, and that most
essential one of determining who shall exercise,
within their limits, the sovereign power ofvoting,
the right to restrict its exercise as the interest
and safety of their respective governments may
require. This is but part of the favorite scheme
of New England to take away, one by one. all
the powers now exerciscd by the several States,
and make this a consolidated Government, a
centralized despotism.
They seem wiliingto relinquish their own rights
as States for the greater satisfaction of wielding
the whole power of the General Government.
Butl caution them to beware. They may bask
now in the sunshine of conscious power, but
"Westward the coursc of empire takes its way."
And though the negro is now the bond of union
between the East and the West, yet the time
may come when the power they have assisted to
build up here, for the purposes of the present
hour, may be turned against them. When the
scepter shall fall from their grasp, and they find
themselves defenseless before the power they
have fostered, there will thenbe found those who
will "laugh at their calamity and mock when
their fear corneth.''
But another serious objection against this
amendment is the indirectness of the attack.
It is presumed that the desire for as full a rep-
resentation as ean be obtained will compel the
States having within their limits a large negro
population to confer upon them the elective
franchise. This might ultimately be the result,
though you are compensated in the event of
their refusal by an increase of power. Power ;
is the object, in either event, which is aimed at 1
by this miserable device. You hope that the
blacks will bo your allies should they become
invested with i)olitical power. Be not too sure
of this.
"The best laid schcmcs o' mice and men
Gang aft a-giey."
The argument of gentlemen on tlie other side
seems to proceed upon the assumption that the
abolition of slavery has introduced a new feat-
ure into our political system. It is not so.
The liberated slaves stand precisely upon the
same footing with thefree negroes ot the North.
Three fifths of them have always been repre-
sented ; and if the other two fifths arc now to
be added, counting them as free persons, re-
member it is your own act. It is a result that
you yourselves have achieved, and this small
addition to their representation which the Con-
stitution gives to the southern States is a poor
compensation for the frightful wrongs tliat have
been inflicted upon them.
But it is hard to discover from this amend-
ment whether you do or do not desire the ne-
groes of the South to be clothed with the elect-
ive franchise. It is therefore obnoxious to the
charge of duplicity. If such be your real ob-
ject, come out like men and avow it. Amend
the Constitution in the right place, and do not
seek thus indirectly io effect it, hoping to ob-
tain some equivalent advantage if you fail in
this.
Article one scction two of the Constitution
reads as follows:
"The House of Represent:!fives shall be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors iu each Stato
shall have the <iualifications requisite for electors of
the most numerous branch of the State Legislature.
" No peson shall be a Representative who shall not
have attained the age of twenty:fivo years, and been
seven years a citizen of the toutedbtates, cind 'who
shall not, when elected, be an inhabitant 01 that fetato
in which he shall be chosen.
".Representatives and direct taxes shall bo appor-
tioned among the several States which may bo in-
cluded wit hm this Union according to their respective
numbers, which shall be determined by adding to the
whole number of free persons, including tho«e bound
to service for a term of years, and excluding Indians
not taKcd, three fifth* of all other Prisons. Ihe act-
ual enumeration shall bo made within three years
after the first meeting of the Congress of the tinted
States, and within every subsequent term ot ton years,
in such manner as they thall by law direct. ihonum
her of Representatives shall not exceed one for every
thirty thousand; but each State shall have at least
one Representative,'' &c*.
Now, amend the latter clause of this section,
and proclaim universal suffrage, negroes in- 1
eluded, for members of this body, and there will
be some consistency in your action ; it will cer-
tainly have the merit of candor and boldness.
For while the power to dictate to the several
States what shall be the qualifications of elect-
ors for all offices. State as well as national,
might be denied, the power to make this amend-
ment might not be challenged ; but the objec-
tion would be to the merits of such an amend-
ment. I challenge the gentlemen on the other
side to this issue. Let them declare that the
negroes of the several States shall vote for
national officers, and go to the country upon
that question, and I am not fearful of the result.
I judge the American people by the feelings of
my own heart, and I firmly believe that they
will never consent to share the Government of
this country with a race of beings whom the
Almighty himself has declared shall be the
"servant of servants," and upon whom He has
stamped fhe indelible mark of their inferiority.
But should the majority persist in these attempts
to revolutionize the Government, while tlicy ex-
clude from this Hall those who are to bo affected
by this action, and who have a right to be heard
and to vote upon these measures, their conduct
must at least be pronounced unmanly and un-
generous, and will prove the truth of what Pres-
cott so forcibly expresses in closing his chapter
on the Inquisition in his history of Fetdinaud
and Isabella, lie says :
" Many a bloody page of history attests the fact that
fanaficiMii, armed with power, is the sorest evilwhich
can befall a nation."
DISCUSSION Of THE PRESIDESMESSAGE.
Mi". STEVEN'S. I desire to submit a motion,
that next Saturday be occupied as in Commit-
tee of the Whole with debate on the Fie.^ident's
message, with the understanding that no other
business b" transacted.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
suhveyixu dist1uct in montana.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, by unanimous consent,
introduced a bill erecting the Territory of Mon-
tana into a separate surveying district, and for
other purposes; which was read a first and sec-
ond time, and referred to the Committee on
Territories.
jacob p. 1,1,1*:;.
Mr. IIIGBY, by unanimous consent, took up
from the files a report from the Court of Claims
made to the House of Representatives at the
second session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress,
for the relief of Jacob P. Lce,c: and the ,-ame
was referred to the Committee of Claims.
JjMAXTlTi, MAUQTiS.
Mr. HILL, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill for the relief of Emanuel Marquis ;
which was read a first, and second time, and re-
ferred to the Committee of Claims.
ONE IIUNDJtEI) DAYS MEN.
Mr. McKEE, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following preamble and resolution ;
which weie read, considered, and agreed to:
Whereas certain persons who served in what was
known asthe or^arnzation oi one hundi M davs men,
it appears, were, while in said service, drafted under
the law-i and orders providing a draftto til I thcAnuy,
and paid the 5SUU commutation money provided 111
said law: Therefore, , .
Jlrmlrctl, That the Secretary of Vi;r be recruited,
if not. incompatible, with the public iiitcie-t, tu fur-
nish this Homo with 'joiucs ot the order- iuitliori/iug
said organization of one hundredd<ivs men. and aho
copies of all orders from siid Depanment, il any or-
ders were issued, prutcutingthc men who cntciedsaid
servieo from the effects of the diaft.
l'exxylvaxia institute.
Mr. AXCONAj by unanimous consent sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
read, considered, and agreed to :
JlcsolveiJ, That the Committee of Ways and Means
be instructed to consider the propriety of providing,
in anv bill thevnoay report for the amendment ot
the internal revenue laws, for the exemption of the
Penn&yhania Institute for the Instruction of the
Blind from taxation.
MESSAGE FIIOM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
its Chief Clerk, Mr. McDonald, notifying the
House that that body hud passed a bill (S. No.
<>U) to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's
Bureau.
Mr. ELIOT. T ask that this bill be taken,
from the Speaker's table, and referred to the
select committee, and that it be printed for the
use of the House, with the privilege of report-
ing it back when the Freedmen's Bureau bill is
reached as a special order.
No objection being made, it was so ordered.
MINERAL LANDS OF TI1K UNITED STATES.
Mr. BTDWBLL, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented the preamble and resolutions adopted by
the miners' convention of the State of Califor-
nia, on the subject of the disposal of the mineral
lands of the United States; which were referred
to the Committee on Mines and Mining.
PATENT OI'TICE HIiPOliT.
Mr. LAFLIN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing:
Jtnolvcd, That there be printed for the use of tho
House ten thousand copies of the report of the Com-
missioner of Patent" for the year 18(53-64, instead of
the twenty thousand ordeied.
protection of railroad passengers.
Mr. JULTAN, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution: which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Jicsolucd, That the Committee on Roads and Canals
i,s hereby directed to inquire into jthe expediency of
passing a law similar inspirit to the steamboat inspec-
tion laws, for the protection of the li ves ot passengers
011 raihoad c.us, and to repuit by bill or otherwise.
JIJDSON 1JAKOLAV.
Mr. NEWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of ,J. Judson Bar-
clay ; which was read a first and second time, and
refeired to the Committee on Foreign Affairs.
BOOKS POtt DltVrilLBl'TlON.
Mr. MILLER, of Pennsylvania, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the iollowing resolu-
tion ; whu.li was referred to ihe Joint Committee
011 the Library:
Jieso/icd, That, the Clerk of the House of Repre-
si-ntath es be, and i.-s hereby, authorized and required
to purchase copies of the proposed publication
of the debates in the iirst Senate of the United States
lrom a. journal kept by Hon. "William Maclay, a Sen-
ator of Penn^j Ivania in the first Senate, the same to
be paid for out of any money in the Treasury not oth-
erwise appropriated, on the older of the said Clerk,
on the delivery of thobook-*; e-uid books to be for the
use of the members of the Ilon-e of llcprescntath es
h>r distribution: Provided, That the price ot said books
shall not exceed the cum of t •
INCOME TAX.
Mr. ROSS,byunanimous consent, submitted
the following resolution j which uas read, con-
sidered, ami agreed to:
UezoHcd, That the Committee of "Way* and Means
he instnvtcd to inquire inro the expediency of in-
crca^m^ the exemption of $fjOO in the income tax to
Si,000; also to inquire into the, expedienc y of increas-
ing the tax on incomcs of ^25,000 and upward to
twenty-five per ccnt.
COMPENSATION FOR 1IORSKS.
Mr. DEFREES, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to amend an net to provide for
the pavment of horses and other property de-
stroyed in the rniiit;#y scrvicc
of the United
i States, appnn ed March 3, 18-10; whu h was read
' a. first and second lime, and referred to the Oom-
i mil toe on Military Allan's.
j Mr. SPALDIXG moved that the House do
[now adjourn.
| The motion was disagreed to.
CHAPLAINS iN THE NATV.
Mr. HFLRURD asked the unanimous con-
sent of the House to offer the following resolu-
i lion:
! 7tc-solv-cd, That the Secretary of the ^avy be re-
: quested to communicate to this Uou-e the names of
■ tae present chaplain- in the N;ivy. together wilh the
date nf each appointment, and l!■. Slate from which
j each appointment was made.
I Mr. RPALDIXG objected.
And tlien. on motion oi' Mr. SPALWNO,
twenty minutes pa-
Hovsfv adjourned.
four o'clock p. in..) tne
