1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39tii Cong-.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
abroad and sent their own products to foreign
markets in exchange.
Light - draft steamers were immediately
pushed over the bar and into the river, the
channel of which was speedily buoyed, and the
removal of torpedoes forthwith commenced.
The rebels, witnessing the fall of Fort Fisher,
at once evacuated and blew up Fort Caswell,
destroyed Bald Head Fort and Fort Shaw, and
abandoned Fort Campbell. Within twenty-
four hours after the fall of Fort Fisher, the
main defense of Cape Fear river, the entire
chain of formidable works in the vicinity shared
its fate, placing in our possession 168 guns of
heavy caliber.
The heavier naval vessels being no longer
needed in that quarter, were dispatched in dif-
ferent directions — some to James river and
northern ports, others to the Gulf or the South
Atlantic squadron. An ample force was re-
tained, however, to support the small but
brave army which had carried the traverses
of Fort Fisher, and enable it, when recnforce-
ments should arrive, to continue the movement
on Wilmington.
Great caution was necessary in removing the
torpedoes, always formidable in harbors and
internal waters, and which have been more
destructive to our naval vessels than all other
means combined.
About the middle of February offensive op-
erations were resumed in the direction of Wil-
mington, the vessels and the troops moving up
the river in concert. Fort Anderson, an im-
portant work, was evacuated during the night
of the 18th of February, General Schofield ad-
vancing upon this fort with 8,000 men, while
the gunboats attacked it by water.
On the 21st the rebels were driven from Fort
Strong, which left the way to Wilmington un-
obstructed, and on the 22d of February that
city was evacuated. Two hundred and twelve
guns were taken in the works from the entrance
of Old river, including those near the city, and
thus this great and brilliant achievement was
completed.
SOUTH ATLANTIC SQUADRON—FALL OF CHARLES-
TON.
In November, 1864, the Department officially
advised Rear Admiral Dahlgren that Major
General Sherman had commenced his march
from Atlanta to the sea-board, and that he might
bo expected to reach the Atlantic coast, in the
vicinity of Savannah, about the middle of De-
cember. Rear Admiral Dahlgren was instructed
to be prepared to cooperate with General Slier-
man, ana furnish him any needed naval assist-
ance which it might be in his power to render.
Before these instructions reached him, Hear
Admiral Dahlgren, who was thus not unpre-
pared to hear of the movement of the army
from Atlanta to the coast, had conferred with
Major General Foster, then commanding the
department of the South, and concerted with
him. plans to assist, so far as their joint forces
would allow, in establishing communication
with the advancing general. A combined ex-
pedition was at once organized for cutting the
railroad communication between Charleston and
Savannah, and otherwise engagingthe attention
of the insurgents in that quarter. Force was
displayed at the most important points along
the Carolina coast, and every available means
adopted to aid in the success of the grand and
novel military movement which was in progress
through the heart of a hostile country.
General Sherman reached the vicinity of
Savannah on the 12th of December, and com-
munication between him and Rear Admiral
Dahlgren was immediately established. The
latter made the best possible disposition of the
vessels then under his command, to assist the
army in obtaining possession of Savannah.
By the 18th of December the investment of
that city, by the Navy on one side and the Amy
on the other, was accomplished. Thegairison,
however, succeeded in escaping across the river
and effecting a retreat toward Charleston, leav-
ing General Sherman to occupy Savannah on
the 21st of that month.
Early in January, Rear Admiral Dahlgren
was engaged in assisting in the transfer of the
right wing of the army to Beaufort, South
Carolina, and in the course of General Sher-
man's march northward that officer and his
army were aided by all needful naval demon-
strations.
On the 12th and 13th of February a joint
movement was made along the approaches from
Bull's bay to Mount Pleasant, with a view of em-
barrassing the military commandant at Charles-
ton^, and blinding him as to the actual military
design. No real or serious attack on Charles-
ton was meditated. Only a diversion was con-
templated at that moment. Other loss exten-
sive movements than that at Bull's bay were
made about that period, full details of which
will be found in the dispatches forming a part
of the appendix to this report. They were in-
tended simply to attract the attention of the
rebels and aid General Sherman in accomplish-
ing his great purpose of moving toward Rich-
mond. Charleston was in the mean time vigi-
lantly watched to detect the first indications of
its abandonment by the rebels, which it was
known must take place at an early day. The
troops stationed thereaboutwerc advanced, and
the iron-clads were moved nearer to the rebel
works. During the night of tire 17th of Feb-
ruary the batteries were ceaselessly employed,
and the vessels in the harbor gave "them watch-
ful attention. The morning of the 18tli re-
vealed the fact that Charleston was evacuated.
Thus, without a final struggle, the original seat
of the rebellion, the most invulnerable and best-
protected city on the coast, whose defenses had
cost immense treasure and labor, was aban-
doned, and the emblem of, unity and freedom
was again reinstated upon the walls of Sumter.
The evacuation of Charleston was followed
by that of Georgetown on the 2;"!d of February,
and on the 2fStli of that month the place itself
was occupied by Rear Admiral Dahlgren.
WEST GULF SQUADROX—SURRENDER OF MOBILE
AND TIIE REBEL FLEET.
When Vice Admiral Farragut left the West
Gulf squadron in the later autumn of 3 8G4, the
command devolved on Commodore James S.
Palmer, senior officer on the station. This offi-
cer continued operations until the arrival of
Admiral Farragut's successor, Acting Hear
Admiral Thatcher, who bears testimony to his
subsequent efficiency and untiring services
throughout the attack on the defenses of Mobile,
and acknowledges also his indebtedness to Com-
modore Palmer for the admirable manner in
which the vessels had been prepared for ardu-
ous service under that officer's supervision.
The resumption of offensive operations against
the city of Mobile, under the direction of Major
General Canby, was not determined upon until
early in January, when Acting Hear Admiral
Thatcher, then recently appointed to the com-
mand of the West Gulf squadron, was ordered
to proceed immediately to New Orleans, in
order to cooperate with the military commander.
The force placed under Acting Rear Admiral
Thatcher was increased by light-draft iron-
clads detached from the Mississippi squadron
for service in Mobile bay. A joint movement
by land and water was arranged and carried into
execution. Indications that the rebels were
about to evacuate the city led to a naval reeon-
noissance in force to ascertain the facts, on the
11th of March, with five monitors, in as close
proximity as the shallow water and obstructions
would permit. This movement drew from the
insurgents such a fire as to place beyond doubt
that those defenses were still intact. ,
The troops were landed on the 21st of March
on the left bank of Fisher's river, about seven-
teen miles from its junction with the bay, and
advanced as rapidly as the condition of the road
would permit, while the naval vessels shelled i
the woods and kept open communication by '
signals with General Canby for cooperation. 1
The rebels doubtless believed that the naval ves-
sels were not able to cross the bar of Blakely
river ; and even if successful in crossing, that
it was in their power to destroy the boats by
their marsh batteries and the innumerable tor-
pedoes with which the liver was filled. They
did succeed in sinking two of the monitors and
four wooden gunboats at the entrance of Blakely
river, by these submarine implements of de-
struction, although the river had been thor-
oughly dragged, and many torpedoes were re-
moved before the vessels went over the bar.
Beyond the sinking of those vessels and the loss
of a few lives, no serious consequcnees attended
the approach to and capture of Mobile. '
The principal works of defense between the
city and the fortresses which guarded the en-
trance to the bay, captured in August, 1864, by
the fleet while commanded by Vice Admiral
Farragut, were Fort Alexis and Spanish Fort.
By the 3d of April these had been completely
invested by the troops, and during the night of
the 8tli and morning of the 9th they were, after
a short but severe bombardment, captured, and
with them from one thousand six hundred to
two thousand men, with sixteen heavy guns.
With the key to Mobile thus secured, the other
works of importance, batteries Tracy and Hu-
ger, were within easy reach, and on the evening
of the 1 Itli they were evacuated.
On the 12th the troops weie convoyed to the
west side of the city for the purpose of an at-
tack, and tlie fleet gained a suitable position
for performing its share of this work, but it was
soou ascertained that the city was at the morcy
of our arms, all tlio remaining defenses having
been abandoned. A formal surrender was there-
fore demanded by General Granger and Act-
ing Rear Admiral 'Thatcher, which was com-
plied with and possession was taken ofthe city.
The works which environed Mobile were of im-
mense strength and extent. Nearly 400 guns
were captured, some of them new and of the
heaviest caliber.
The rebel army, on evacuating the city, re-
treated up the Tombigbee. Preparations to
follow and capture them were far advanced,
when, on the 4tli of May, propositions were
received from Commander Farrand, command-
ing the rebel naval forces in the waters of Ala-
bama, to surrender all the vessels, officers, men,
and property yet afloat and under blockade on
the Tombigbee. The basis of the terms of sur-
rendei being the same as those of Genera] Lee,
were accepted. On the 10th of May the formal
surrender took place, and the insurgent navy
ceased to be an organization. Fea'-vesselswere
surrendered, and 112 oilieer-, 2r'"> men, and24
marines, were paroled ami permitted to return
to their homes.
Sabine Pass and Galveston, the only remain-
ing rebel fortified points on the Gulf coast, soon
capitulated. The forts utthe(ir.->t-namedplace
were, evacuated on the 2";th oj' May, and the
commandant of the defenses of Galveston gave
assurances that there would be no opposition
to the occupancy of that place by the Navy.
On the 2d of June Galveston was surrendered,
and the supremacy of the Go\ cimaentwas once
more established on the entire coast, fiom
Maine to and including Texas.
REDUCTION OF THE NAVAL FORCE—THE SQUAD-
RONS.
Immediately after the fall of Fort Fisher and
the capture of Wilmington, measures were
taken for the gradual reduction of the naval
forces employed on the duties of blockade.
The recovery of Charleston, Mobile, and Gal-
veston justified a still further diminution, and
as these events successively occurred, measures
were promptly taken to reduce the squadrons
and economise expenses. On the 21th of
February letters were addressed to Admirals
Porter, Dahlgren, Stribling, and Thatcher, in-
forming them that the Department was of
opinion that the lall of hort Fisher and the
possession of Charleston would enable^the
Department to reduce naval expenses. They
