436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
IN SENATE.
Friday, January 2G, I860.
Th« Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
committee service.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Kikkwood to fill the vacancy in the Com-
mittee on Pensions occasioned by the resigna-
tion of Mr. Foot, and also to fill the vacancy
oa the Committee on Public Lands occasioned
by the resignation of Mr. Gbimes.
erancis cakeau.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the-Senate a communication from the clerk of
the Court of Claims, transmitting, in answer to
aiesolution of the Senate of the 18th instant,
the petition and other papers in the case of
Jacob Bigelow, administrator of Francis Ca-
zeau ; which were referred to the Committee on
Revolutionary Claims.
executive communication.
He also laid before the Senate a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Treasury, trans-
mitting, in answer to a resolution of the Senate
of the 18th instant, information in regard to
commissioners and clerks ol the district and
circuit courts ofthe United States, together with
the amount of fees and emoluments received by
each of those officers; which was ordered to lie
on tlie table and be printed.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY. I present the proceedings
of a meeting of" the citizens ol St,. Paul and
members of the Minnesota Legislat uro, who
represent to the Congress ofthe United States !
that the interruption of the free navigation of
the Welland canal by American vessels, and
the exclusion of Canadian vessels from the free
navigation of Lake Michigan, would materially
reduce the facilities of transportation from the
northwestern States to eastern markets; and
they urge that, by negotiation or concurrent
legislation, existing arrangements may be con-
tinued, and if possible enlarged, until the States
bordering on the great lakes shall bo secured in
the enjoyment of channels to the ocean sufli-
cieut to pass vessels of one thousand tons bur-
den. I move that this paper be referred to the
Committee 011 Foreign Relations.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. TRUMBULL presented the petition of
A. Grcther and others, citizens of Quincy,
Illinois, praying for the absolute equality of
political as well as civil rights before the law of
all citizens of the United States, for the pro-
hibition of all class legislation and property
qualification, and for free speech, free press,
iree assembly, and free instruction ; and for
protection to free intercourse and personal
safety; which was referred to the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Mr. STEWART presented a petition ofloyal
citizens of Colorado, temporarily residing in
the city of New York, praying for the admis-
sion of Colorado as a State into the Union,vith
jts present constitution; which was ordered to
lie on the table.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the peti-
tion of widows of naval c^icers, praying fo v an
increase of pension to the widows of naval offi-
cers; which was referred to the Committee on
Pensions.
He also presented the petition of Emma Jane
Hall, widow of Rev. Perry flail, deceased, late
chaplain of the seventy-ninth regiment Indiana
volunteers, praying for a pension : which was
referred to the Committee on Pensions.
tapers withdrawn and kkfejuihd.
On motion of Mr. HENDERSON, it was
Onlered. Th&i the memorial of Sweeney, llitten-
liouse, Pant & Co.. on the tiles of the Senate, be
referred to the Committee 011 Claims.
On motion of Mr. MORRILL, it was
Ordc/ecl, That Gilbert & tlerrish haveleai e to with-
draw their petition and other papers from the file of
the Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. I ask that Charles Viuson
be permitted to withdraw his papers on the files
of the Senate. There was a report made against
him; but I understand his purpose is not to
make a second application to the Senate; but
some of the papers are papers relating to some
interests of his own personally, and he desires
to withdraw them from the files of the Senate.
I believe that can be done.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The order
will be entered if there be no objection.
Mr. CLARK. Sometimes it is very impor-
tant that papers of that kind should be retained
on the files of the Senate. I inquire of the Sen-
ator whether he has examined the papers. [Mr.
Johnson. I have not.] They had better be
examined, I think, before permission is given.
Mr. JOHNSON. The claim was for extra
compensation as clerk in the Department of
State at the time when he was assigned to the
duty of Acting Secretary of State, ft has been
decided several times that such compensation
should not be made.
Mr. C LARK. If the Senator will permit me,
then, T will send and get the papers, and see that
there is nothing improper in withdrawing them.
Mr. JOHNSON. Very well.
Leave was subsequently granted to withdraw
the papers.
reports of committees.
Mr. STEWART, from the Committee on Pub-
lie Lands, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
58) granting lands to the State of Oregon to aid
in the construction of a military wagon road
from Corvallis to the Acquina bay, reported it
with amendments.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (II.
R. No. for the relief of Charlotte Bencc,
widow of Philip H. Bonce, late captain of com-
pany F, thirtieth regiment Iowa volunteer iii-
l'anty, reported it without amendment.
HILLS INTRODUCED.
Mr. W ADE asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 101)
to provide for the improvement of certain har-
bors in the State of Ohio ; which was read twice
by its title, referred to the Committee on Com-
merce, and ordered to be printed.
UNTKNS10N OI-' PENSION LAWS.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, submit led the follow-
ing resolution; which was considered by unan-
imous consent, and agreed to:
AYHobfil, That the Committee mi Pensions he in-
structed to inquire into the expediency ot irrantiuer
pensions to the widows and minor cUiSdrenot enlisted
men who wcio cni'.sled or detailed as artificers, and
report by bill 01- otherwise.
PUBLIC BUILDINGS AT TOPEKA.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas', submitted the follow-
ing resolution ; which was considered by unani-
mous consent, and agieed to i
limtdreJ, That the Committee on Commerce be in-
structed to inquire into the expediency of npprupri-
Htiiiv? iflUU.WW tor tho erection of a court-house and
post oilier at. the city ot Topeka, the capital of the
Stuto of Kansas, to ) eport by bill or otherwise.
JiO.NPtf OK JiANK DlllLl'TORS.
Mr. POLAND submitted tho following res-
olution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Hevnlved, That the Commit tee on "Financebe directed
to inquire u,s to the expediency of providing by taw
that directors of banks ort^anixed umb'r the authority
of ttie laws of tho United States shall (rive bonds tor
the faithful pertoriuance. ot then-duties as such direct-
ors, and report by bill or otherwise.
APt'KOVAL 03' LAWS.
A message from tho President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. .Moore, his Secretary, an-
! mimiced that the President of the United Stales
1 had approved and signed, on the 12th instant, a
i joint resolution (S. R. No. 7) for increasing the
| bond of the Superintendent of Public Printing.
I BONDED "WAREHOUSES.
1 Mr. MORGAN. I move now to take up for
! consideration llonsebdl No. 13o, to extend the
! time for the withdrawal of goods for consump-
tion from public store and bonded warehouse,
! and for other purposes.
ii The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
asin Committee ofthe "Whole, proceeded to con-
sider the bill. It provides that until tlxe 1st day
of April, 1806, any goods, wares, or merchan-
dise under bond, in any public or piivate bonded
warehouse, upon which the duties are unpaid,
may be withdrawn for consumption, and the
bonds canceled on payment of the duties and
charges prescribed by law; and that any goods,
wares, or merchandise deposited m bond, in
any public or private bonded warehouse, on
and after the 1st day of April, 1866, and all
goods, wares, or merchandise remaining in ware-
house, under bond, on that day may be with-
drawn for consumption within one year from
the date of original importation, on payment
of the duties and charges to which they may be
subject by law at the time of such withdrawal;
and that after the expiration of one year from
the date of original importation, and until the
expiration of three years from that date, any
goods, wares, or merchandise in bond may be
withdrawn for consumption on payment ofthe
duties assessed on the original entry and charges,
and an additional duty of ten per cent, of the
amount of such duties and charges.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
Mr. SPRAGUE afterward submitted a mo-
tion to reconsider the vote on the passage of
the bill; and that motion was entered.
adjournment to monday.
On motion of Mr. FOOT, it was
Ordered, That when the Senate adjourns to-day, it
adjourn to meet on Monday next.
destruction 01*' naval vessels.
Mr. GRIMES. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No. 94.
Mr. SUMNIiR. What is the title of it?
Mr. GRIMES. "A bill to amend the act
entitled ' An act for the relief of seamen and
others borne on the books of vessels wrecked
or lost in the naval service,' approved July 4,
1804, and for other purposes."
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. In case any officer of the
Navy or Marine corps 011 board a vessel in
the employ of the United States which, by any
casualty, or in action with the enemy, has been
or may be sunk or. otherwise destroyed, shall
thereby have lost his personal effects, the bill
authorizes the proper accounting officers, with
the approval of the Secretary of the Navy, to
allow to such officer a sum not exceeding the
amount of bis sea pay for one month, as com-
pensation for that loss; but the accounting
officers arc in all cases to require a schedule
and certificate from the officer making the claim
for effects so lost; and no allowance^ is to be
made by virtue of this act for any loss incurred
prior to the 19th of April, 1861.
The Committee on Naval Affairs reported the
bill with two amendments. The first amend-
ment was in section one, line ten, after the
word ''loss'' to insert the following proviso:
Provided, That such loss has not occurred through
tho ncclic'encc or want of skill or foresight ol tlieotli-
eer making application for such loss.
Mr. CONNESS. Before the amendments
are actcd upon, perhaps it would be better to
have the explanation necessary to a peifect
understanding of the bill. I should like to hear
the bill explained by the chairman ofthe Com-
mittee 011 Naval Affairs. I feel some interest
in it.
Mr. G RIMES. The explanation that I have
to give ill regard to this bill will be very brief.
From the foundation of the Government down
to this time, I believe there has never been any
allowance to any naval officer for any loss that
he may have sustained in consequence of the
destruction of the vessel of which he was a part
of the full complement and of which he was an
officer. The reason upon which that rule was
based 1 suppose to be that the offie_er was re-
sponsible for the ship and for the safety of^he
ship. That rule formerly prevailed in the Brit-
ish navy, but has now been changed there as
we propose to change it here. It was estab-
