THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
mgalsind and the cnnse of Heaven. That arti-
cle referred to provided that if one of the injured
race was excluded the State should forfeit the
right to have any of them represented. That
would have hastened their full enfranchisement.
This section allows the States to discriminate
among the same class, and receive proportion-
ate credit in representation. This I dislike.
But it is a short step forward. The lai'ge stride
which we in vain proposed is dead; the mur-
derers must answer to the suffering race. I
would not have been the perpetrator. A load
of misery must sit heavy on their souls.
The third section may encounter more dif-
ference of opinion here. Among the people
I believe it will be the most popular of all the
provisions; it prohibits rebels from voting for
members of Congress and electors of Presi-
dent until 1870. My only objection to it is
that it is too lenient. 1 know that there is
a morbid sensibility, sometimes called mcrcy,
which affects a few of all classes, from the priest
to the clown, which has more sympathy for the
murderer on the gallows than for his victim. I
hope 1 have a heart as capable of feeling for
human woo as others. I have longsince wished
that capital punishment were abolished. But
I never dreamed that all punishment could be
dispensed with in humatt society. Anarchy,
treason, and violence would reign triumphant.
Here is the mildest of all punishments ever
inflicted on traitors. I might not consent to
the extreme severity denounced upon them by
a provisional governor of Tennessee—I mean
the late lamented Andrew Johnson of blessed
memory—but I would have increased the sever-
ity of this section. I would be glad to see it
extended to 1876, and to include all State and
municipal as well as national elections. In my
judgment we do not sufficiently protect the loyal
men of the rebel States from the vindictive per-
secutions of their victorious rebel neighbors.
Still I will move no amendment, nor vote for
any, lest the whole fabric should tumble to
pieces.
I need say nothing of the fourth section, for
none dare object to it who is not himself a
rebel. To the friend of justice, the friend of
the Union, of the perpetuity of liberty, and
the final triumph of the rights of man and their
extension to every human being, let me say,
sacrifice as we have done your peculiar views,
and instead of vainly insisting upon the instan-
taneous operation of all that is right accept
what is possible, and " all these things shall
be added unto you."
I move to recommitthe joint resolution to the
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. BLAINE. I do not rise to discuss the
proposition, but to ask of the honorable chair-
man of the committee a question, an answer to
which, I am sure, will afford gratification and
satisfaction to me, and doubtless to other mem-
bers of the House. It relates to the third sec-
tion of theproposed constitutional amendment,
which is in these words:
Snc. 3. Until tho 4th day of July, in the year 1S70,
all persons who voluntarily adhered to the lato insur-
rection, giving it aid and comfoi t, shall bo excluded
from the right to vote for Representatives in Con-
gress and for electors for President and Vice Presi-
dent of th-e United States.
Now, the question in my mind, upon which
I respectfully ask for information, is whether
this may not involve us in a position of bad
faith. On the 17th of July, 18G2, an act was
approved, entitled "An act to suppress insur-
l-ection, to punish treason, to seize and confis-
cate the property of rebels, and for other pur-
poses," of which the thirteenth section is in
these words:
"That the President is hereby authorized at any
time hereafter, by proclamation, to extend to pel-sous
who may have participated in the existing rebellion,
ill any State or part thereof, pardon and amnesty,
with such exceptions and at eueh times and on such
conditions as he may deem expedient for the public
welfare."
Under and in pursuance of this act the late
President Lincoln issued a proclamation grant-
ing a great number of pardons upon certain
specified conditions. Hundreds and perhaps
thousands of pardons were granted by Mr.
Lincoln during the years 1868 and 1864, Sub-
sequently, and as late as the early summer of
1865, President Johnson issued his celebrated
amnesty proclamation granting pardons and
immunities to certain specified classes in the
South that had participated in the rebellion
with a military rank under colonel, and except-
ing certain classes from the benefits of his
clemency.
Now, I am perfectly aware that as matter of
strict law the deprivation of the elective fran-
chise may not be regarded as a punishment,
and therefore no violation of the immunities
conveyed by the pardon. But as a matter of
fact these pardons have been given and accepted
with the full understanding that the recipients
were thereby fully restored to all the rights
and privileges of citizenship, and do we not
by the proposed action place ourselves in the
attitude of taking back by constitutional amend-
ment that which has been given by act of Con-
gress and by presidential proclamation issued
in pursuance of law? And willnotthis course
be justly subject to the charge of bad faith on
the part of the Federal Government ?
Mr. STEVENS. I will answer that question.
I do not know if the gentleman is a lawyer, but
I suppose he has examined this question. A
pardon, whether by the President having the
power, or specially by act of Parliament or
Congress, extinguishes the crime. After that
there is no such crime in the individual. A
man steals; he is pardoned; he is not then a
thief, and you cannot call him a thief, or if you
do you are liable to an action for slander.
None of those who have been fully pardoned
are affected by this provision.
Mr. BLAINE. Then I must say if the gen-
tleman answers the question in that way that
he puts a strange construction on the section.
I will read it again. It is as follows:
Sec. 3. Until the 4th day of July, 1870, all persons
who voluntarily adhered to the late insurrection,
giving it aid and comfort, shall bo excluded from
tho right to vote for Representatives in Congress and
for electors for President and Vice President of the
United States.
Now, I understand the distinguished "gentle-
man from Pennsylvania to say that those under
the rank of colonel who were pardoned will
not be considered as having "adhered" to the
rebellion, and that this will not apply to them,
or in any way affect them. This certainly is
a very strange construction, and it seems to
me that it effectually nullifies what has been
understood as the intent and purpose of the
section. -In that view the section is worthless;
and in the view I have given it involves bad
faith.
Mr. STEVENS. The law says that a man
convicted of felony shall not testify. You call
him as a witness; the objector shows his con-
viction ; he shows his pardon; and he is not a
felon.
Mr. BLAINE. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will excuse me. There is no pardon
that can be shown in this case.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, yes; there is a pardon.
Mr. BLAINE. There was no pardon granted
except by the proclamation. These men have
no pardons which they can produce in court as
a malefactor can. A vast class was pardoned
by wholesale, and being pardoned, they stand
to-day just as well in point of civil rights and
privileges as they did before the rebellion.
Now, I maintain that this constitutional amend-
ment would lead to serious misunderstanding
throughout (he entire South.
Mr. STEVliNS. Of course the fact of
having complied with the conditions of pardon
will be shown.
Mr. BLAINE. But there were no condi-
tions.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, yes, there were.
Mr. BLAINE. President Johnson's proc-
lamation pardoned all below a certain rank in
the rebel army. Mr. Lincoln, I know, did
exact conditions; and if there were no proc-
lamation out except that of Mr. Lincoln,
why, of course, there could be no misunder-
standing. But I want the gentleman to ob-
serve the phraseology of the act of 1862, for
it was evidently written with a view to being
applied after the war should have ceased. It
says:
"The President is hereby authorized at anytime
hereafter, by proclamation, to extend to persons who
may have participated in the existing rebellion, in
any State or part- thereof, pardon," &o.
It alluded to a future time when the rebel-
lion should be suppressed. That future time
has been reached. The rebellion was con-
cluded and its armies dispersed, and Presi-
dent Johnson, in direct and literal pursuance
of law, issued his proclamation pardoning all
that class below the rank of colonel who had
participated in the rebellion.
Now, this constitutional amendment would
be held to override the President's proclama-
tion, being organic in its nature and supreme.
I understand, to use the cant phrase of the
day, that it "goes back" on these men, and
deprives them of the civil rights which this
full pardon restored to them. That is my un-
derstanding, and that, it seems to me, would
be the legal construction. But if the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania is correct, and it does
not apply to that class of men, then I main-
tain that it is the bounden duty of the House
to make the language so plain that " he who
runs may read," and that there maybe no
doubt about its construction.
Mr. STEVENS. I have only to say, again,
that whenever a man can show a full pardon,
no penalty can be inflicted.
Mr. BLAINE. I desire to make no motion
at this time, but if this provision is to be left,
according to the construction which I have
given it, what I think is the obvious one, or
according to the construction which the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania has given it, which, it
seems to me, would lead to infinite mischief
and complication, I shall avail myself, at the
proper time, of the right to move to strike it
out.
Mr. FINCK. Mr. Speaker, I promise to.
trespass upon the attention of the House but
a very few minutes in what I have to say on
this question.
An amendment to the Constitution is at all
times a matter of grave importance, and should
command calm and patient deliberation.
It is of the last importance to the prosperity
and happiness of a people that stability in the
great organic laws of the nation should be
maintained. Amendments sometimes, I agree,
become necessary to the constitution of every
nation; but they should not be hurriedly made,
and never without considering the interests and
opinions of the whole people.
To me, Mr. Speaker, this of all other seema
the most inauspicious time to propose or make
changes in our Constitution.
We are just at the close of the most stupen-
dous war which has ever scourged any nation,
and the passions and alienations which have
been engendered by this strife have not yet
completely passed away.
The amendments proposed are to affect the
people of this whole country, but more espe-
cially are they intended to affect the people of
the States lately in insurrection ; and it would
seem not only to be an actofeven-handed justice,
but of the highest wisdom, if we would consult
the teachings of the wise and pure men who
established our Government, that these people
should have an opportunity of considering and
discussing these amendments here, and to
record their votes through their representatives
either for or against them before they are
finally submitted to the States for their action.
Now, what is the condition in which we to-day
find ourselves'?
The war terminated over a year ago. The
people of the lute insurgent States have fully
and completely yielded obedience to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. Their
State governments are completely restored.
Their courts are in the full exercise of their juris-
diction, and profound peace reigns through-
out our borders. To show that these people
are in earnest, and acting in good faith, I need
only refer to tie fact that they have ratified the
