1500
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
The previous question was seconded, and
tlie main question ordered.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the yeas and
nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 81, nays 67, not voting
35; as follows:
YEAS —Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, James M.
'Ashley, Baldwin, Banks, Baxter, Bergen, Bidweil,
Blaine, Boyer, Brandegee, Brooks, Broomall, Ctian-
ler, Coffroth, Conkling, Cullom, Dawes, Dawson, Del-
ano, Denison, Donnelly, Dumont, Eldridge, Farns-
worth, Farquhar, Garfiold, Glossbrenner, Oridcr,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Hogan, John H. Hubbard,
James M. Humphrey, Jones, Kasson.JKerr, Keteham,
Ijaflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence, Le Blond,
Marshall, Marston, Marvin, McCullough, McRuer,
Morrill, Moulton, Nicholson,Noell,Perham, Samuel
J. Randa.ll, William H. Randall, liaymond, Hitter,
Rogers, Rollins, Ross, Rousseau, Sawyer, Soo field,
Sitgreavcs, Smith,Spalding,Stilwell, Strouse,Taber,
Taylor, John L. Thomas, Thornton, Robert T. Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Eliliu B. Washbuinc, William
B. Washburn, Wentwortli, Whaley, Winfieid, and
Woodbridge—81.
HAYS—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Barker, Bea-
man, Bingham, Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader^W. Clarke, Cobb. Cook, Dixon,
Eggleston, Eliot, Ferry, Goodyear, Grinnell, Abner
0. Harding, Ilarfc, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill,
Holmes, Asahcl W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Demas Hubbard, Fdwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hub-
bell, Ilulburd, Ingersoll, Jenekes, Julian, Kclley,
Kelso, Kuykendall, William Lawrence, Loan, Lynch,
McClurg.Mercur, Miller, Myers, O'Neill, Paine, Pike,
Plants, Pricc, Alexander H. Rice, John H. Rice,
Shellabarger, Sloan, Stevens, Thayer, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Wel-
ker, Williams, JamesF. Wilson, Stephen 1'. Wilson,
and Windom—67.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Ancona, Delos R. Ash-
ley, Benjamin, Sidney Clarke, Culver, Darling, Da-
vis, Deirces, Dealing, Driggs, Eekley, Finck, Gris-
wold, Hariis, Hooper, Hotchkjss, James Humphrey,
Johnson, Longyear, Molndoe, McKeo, Moorhead,
Morris, Newell, Niblaek, Orth, Patterson, Phelps,
Potneroy, Radford, Schenck, Shanklin, Starr, Fran-
cis Thomas, Henry D. Washburn, and Wright—35.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
During the vote,
Mr. PHELPS stated he was paired with Mr.
F. Thomas, who would vote against, while he
would vole for, the motion.
Mi-. DEMIM G stated ho was paired with Mr.
Hari:is.
Mr. LAFLIN stated that he was requested
by Mr. Claiiku, of Kansas, to say, if he were
weJl enough to be present, he would vote against
the pending motion.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
The question then recurred on the passage
of the bill.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded the previous
question.
Mr. C0NKL1NG. I appeal to the gentle-
man to let me make a motion to recommit.
[Criesof "No!" "No!"] Then I shall demand
the yeas and nays on ordering the main question.
The House divided on seconding the call for
the previous question; and there were—ayes 53,
noes C>0.
Mr. GARFIELD demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Garfield
and Coxklixg were appointed.
The House was again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes G4, noes 80.
So the previous question was not seconded.
The question recurred on the passage of the
bill.
Mr. CONKLTNG. Mr. Speaker, before
making the motion for which a majority have
already virtually pronounced I ask the attention
of the House for a few moments, feeling the
more at liberty to do so because, although a
member of the committee by which the pend-
ing measure was reported, I have thus far had
little part in the debate.
i wish to relieve not myself, because I have
steadily voted for the bill, but those with whom
I have differed in these votes, from the imputa-
tion, if imputation it be, from the construction
at least which may be put upon their opposi-
tion lo a measure looking to a resumption of
specie payments. It has been intimated in the
debate, and already an effort is visible in
ceituin quarters, to spread abroad the impres-
sion that all those who have withheld their
Totes from the bill are opposed to a return to
specie payments, and that the le&son of the
hour is that a majority of the Union party in this
House is wedded to paper currency as a per-
manent financial policy for the country. No
impression could be more false, few more per-
nicious. The divided front we have seen arises
from differences in detail as to the wisest
measure to adopt in order to bring about what
nearly all discreet and patriotic men desire.
The country is in an unhealthy condition.
Values are afloat, prices are wild, labor is bur-
dened, finances are disturbed and disordered.
War, taxation, paper money, inflation, these
are the causes. Their presence is our mis-
fortune ; our necessity, perhaps. The issue of
paper money was an expedient; a passing,
temporary expedient in an hour of urgent and
sudden need.
The authors of the expedient believed it a
necessity; they admitted it to be a necessity, and
they advocated it only upon the ground that it
would be but a passing, ephemeral device.
No man dared to argue for it in any other way.
It would never have been accepted when it was
or as it was but for this qualification and apol-
ogy. Congress knew, the nation knew then as
well as everybody knows now, that paper is not
a true standard of value, nor, indeed, any stand-
ard at all. Gold and silver are the measures
and standards of value ; the honest standards,
the world's standards, the real standards.
Why? Because they are money. Is that the
only reason ? Not at all. And here I differ
with the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Broomall.] Coin is the true standard of value
in the commercial world because it represents
the cost of production. That is the difference
between a metallic and a paper currency. Its
value is not alone in its being stamped or
called "money"—
" The rank is but the guinea's stamp."
A silver dollar or a gold eagle represents the
cost of producing it,„with a trifling difference,
perhaps, arising from the expense of coinage,
and the alloy which hardens it against attrition
and keeps it out of the crucibles of other na-
tions.
What does paper represent ? If redeemable
in coin, it represents the metallic value behind
it, if irredeemable it represents nothing in it-
self, it simply is evidence of a promise to pay.
The "legal-tender policy," as it is called, the
policy of licensing by law a suspension of specie
payments, was not inaugurated by the American
Congress in ignorancc of all this.
The vote on Friday, by which the pending bill
was for the moment lost, was not given in ig-
norance or lorgctfulness of this, nor by those
who deny the maxims of sound political econ-
omy—far from it.
The Secretary of the Treasury, at Fort Wayne,
and in his able annual report, and the President
of the United States in the clear and cogent
passage of his annual message in which he set
forth the financial topic, did but echo the uni-
versal, well-considered sentiment of the nation
when they said that the present condition is
unnatural and that we are to return at the earliest
practicable moment to the old-fashioned, safe,
and honest basis—the hard-money standard.
This is the sentiment, as far as 1 can gather
it, universally among Union members here.
The question, when we can resume, exactly how
soon, and precisely how resumption is to be
brought about and forced about, is a point upon
which the warmest advocates of early resump-
tion doubt and differ to some extent. But the
main idea we all hold to. The gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Wextworth,] who even now at-
tracts attention by the uneasy zeal with which
he supports the bill, need not, I think, instruct
his colleagues on this subject. Certainly I do
not need it.
I was here when the " legal-tender" policy
was launched. I remember the contest well.
The financial question was then, even more
than now, the overmastering public question.
It was the only rock on which we could split,
and we all examined ourselves to see that we
made no blunder which consideration could
avoid. I gave my vote and my voice against
taking the first steji toward driving coin fr#m
circulation. I believed then, I believe now,
that the hour had not yet come when it was
impossible longer to postpone suspension. I
believed we might wait yet awhile; that we
might try other and lesser remedies first,
ana thus in the end mitigate the evil after it
should come. Therefore I resisted the first
motion to suspend specie payments, and I say
to the gentleman that those who stood then for
the old and approved ways will be able to stand
now, and to go as far and as fast as sound dis-
cretion will permit in the path which leads to
frugality and solvency.
Mr. WENT WORTH. I desire to state to
the gentleman that I was not here at that time.
Mr. CONKLING. No, Mr. Speaker, the
gentleman has been here many times when he
was useful, but just then he was away.
This, however, candor compels me to say,
that the event has been far better than the ex-
pectation. Opposed as I was to the experiment
of paper being resorted to at the time, dreading
as I did, more than I have ever dreaded any
final result threatened by the war, the effect of
a paper poliey, I admit and assert that we have
escaped, as we had no right to expect, the con-
sequences and disasters of the measure. I say
that it is something to be thankful for, and
something which proves the wise administration
of the finances, and the efficacy of the legisla-
tion of Congress as it stands now, that gold has
been rapidly falling for weeks and months, that
it has fallen two per cent, since Friday, and
that a dispatch just put into my hand announces
that it is selling in New York at this moment
for 128 j[.
1 wish we were safely, not only almost but
altogether, back to par; but all things are not
possible in the twinkling of an eye in finance any
moi'e than in other things. So gentlemen think;
and I have no quarrel with them for that; the
Committee of Ways and Means has no quarrel
with them for that; the Secretary of the Treas-
ury has no quarrel with them for that. He
could not if he would, and he would not if he
could, make sudden and violent reductions.
When the Secretary said atFort Wayne that at
the earliest practicable moment we ought to come
back to specie payments, he did not mean a
crash ; he did not mean a shock, a panic ; he
did not mean to seize the currency and by a
single grasp to crush values, to paralyze trans-
actions, or to shrivel and benumb. The Pres-
ident of the United States, by the well-chosen
words in which he recommended a financial
policy, meant no such thing. Not only would
disaster follow violence and haste in this re-
spect, but such an immediate contraction of the
currency as would carry it instantly to par, if
it could be effected at all, could be effected only
by withdrawing obligations of the Government
which bear no interest whatever, and issuing
in their stead obligations bearing interest. Such
a proceeding, beside the interest account it
would assume, beside the destructive mutations
it involves, would so contract the market that
bonds could not be 'sold at par either for the
present or in future to redeem the compound-
interest notes and seven and three-tenth notes
which mustbe met in such enormous sums within
the next two years. Every holder of a Gov-
ernment obligation soon to mature has an option
to demand payment in money if he will. Should
our bonds be at par or above, we can fund by
mere exchange; but if below par, of course
we must sell for what we can get, and pay in
cash. Looking, therefore, merely to the en-
gagements the Government itself must meet,
and saying nothing of the affairs of the people,
we cannot afford to cramp or convulse the money
market by spasmodic action. However rapidly
we approach resumption, the approach must bo
gradual.
Sir, it is a good omen that the House is
about to accept a motion to recommit, this
subjecttotheappropriate committee. Wo shall,
I trust, be able to bring forward a measure
adequate to the occasion, and acceptable alike
to the Secretary of the Treasury and to botlj.
Houses of Congress. This is the true solution,
