1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
amehdment abolishing slavery, abandoned the
pretended claim to the right of secession, and
elected members of Congress.
But, sir, the men who control tliis Congress
have failed, in my judgment, to meet these peo- j
pie in that true spirit of kindness and forgive-
ness dictated by a wise and enlarged states-
manship, and which now aloue are necessary
to restore cordial relations between the two
sections.
At the commencement of this session a
most extraordinary resolution was adopted,
creating a joint committee of fifteen on re-
construction, and to which it was ordered that
everything relating to the admission of mem-
bers from the late insurgent States should be
referred, and none of their representatives
were to be admitted until this committee should
report on the subject. Thus this House, in the
face of that pro vision of the Constitution, which
declares that each House shall be the judge of
the elections, returns, and qualifications of its
own members, surrendered the exercise of that
right to a joint committee, the distinguished
chairman of which [Mr. Stevens] had already
pronounced these States conquered territories
and their citizens aliens. %
We have been advised from time to time,
with an air of supreme defiance at the resto-
ration policy of the President, that Congress
"must first ascertain and declare that these were
States really in the Union, with governments
republican in form; and that until these things
were satisfactorily declared by Congress, no
Senator or Representative could be admitted
from any of these States.
Well, sir, we have waited, and the country
has waited, with feverish anxiety for the period
when this committee should report on these
questions and the congressional plan should be
finally presented. Witnesses have been brought
from all parts of the country and examined by
the committee, to ascertain and report on the
loyalty of the southern people and the condi-
tion of their State governments. At last, after
five months' labor, this committee has brought
initsreport, and what information do they bring
us? And what do they propose that Congress
shall do ? Do they tell us whether these States
are in or out of the Union; or whether they
have governments republican in form? Not a
bit of it. But they report an amendment to
the Constitution, containing four or five sec-
tions, with two bills accompanyingit, and these
are to constitute the congressional plan, as
opposed to the policy of the President.
The time to which I am limited by the reso-
lution of the Iiouse regulating this discussion ;
will prevent me from entering into an elaborate
examination of this plan of the committee; and
I shall have, therefore, to content myself with
a very brief examination of it.
The first section provides that—-
XoState shall make orenforccany lawwhicli shall
abridge the privileges or immunitiesof citizens of the
United States; nor shall any State deprive any per-
son of life, liberty, or property without due process
of law, nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction
the equal protection of t,he laws.
Well, all I have to say about this section is,
that if it is necessary to adopt it, in order to
confer upon Congress power over the matters
contained in it, then the civil rights bill, which
tho President vetoed, was passed without
authority, and is clearly unconstitutional
The second section provides a new basis for
the apportionment of Representatives' to Con-
gress, and is substantially the same which was
defeated some weeks since in the Senate.
The third section deprives all persons who
voluntarily aided in the rebellion from voting
for members of Congress and for electors for
President and Vice President until the 4th day
of July, 1870.
The majority of the committee have made a
most wonderful discovery, as disclosed in this
third section of the proposed amendment, and
have gravely announced to the world that a
citizen of the United States who is now entitled
to vote, but whose loyalty is suspected, would
be an unsafe voter in 1866, or even in the presi-
dential election of 1868, but will, after having
his feelings soothed and his love of country
encouraged by being branded as an outlaw and
compelled to bear the burdens of Government,
in the nicely adjusted and ascertained period
of four years from the 4th day of July, 1866,
which is a safe aud reasonable time after the
next presidential election, be converted into a
true and loyal citizen, and will by that time
become attached to the Government which had
disfranchised him, and may then safely be in-
trusted with the great right of suffrage. Cer-
tainly this discovery deserves to be protected
by some law.
But, sir, this proposition to disfranchise these
people by an amendment to the Constitution,
to which you require the consent of the States
whose citizens are thus to be disfranchised,
is a most solemn admission that you have no
authority to do so without such an amendment.
I trust gentlemen have no design in this propo-
sition to disfranchise nine tenths of the voters
of eleven States, unfairlv to perpetuate their
political power, or to influence the next presi-
dential election.
Tho fourth section provides that the rebel
debt shall never be paid. Well, 1 suppose no
one can be found in this country silly enough
to believe that the rebel debt ever will be paid.
These proposed amendments are accompa-
nied by a bill which constitutes a part of the
plan of the committee, the first section of
which provides—
That whenever the above recited amendments shall
have become part of the Constitution, and any State
lately in insurrection shall have_ ratified the same,
and shall have modified its constitution and laws in
conformity therewith, the Senators and Represent-
atives from such State, if found duly elected and
qualified, may, after having taken the required oaths
of office, be admitted into Congress.
Also, another bill, which declares—
Certain persons ineligible to office under tho Gov-
ernment of the United States.
Here, sir. in these propositions, we have the
result of the wisdom and statesmanship of
the distinguished gentlemen who compose the
majority of the committee; and I say it with-
out intending the least disrespect to these gen-
tlemen, that in the future they will be quite
unwilling to fix upon this report as the stand-
ard and measure of'either their ability or
statesmanship. Allow me to say, further, that
this committee have had the opportunity, in
the most important period of our history, to
have inscribed their names among the first
statesmen of the age, by a liberal and enlight-
ened policy, which would have bound ail sec-
tions of this great country together in the
strong bond of mutual friendship and a re-
stored Union. But they have let that opportu-
nity pass.
Stripped of all disguises, this measure is a
mere scheme to deny representation to eleven
States ; to prevent indefinitely a complete res-
toration of tho Union and perpetuate the power
of a sectional and dangerous party.
I am, Mr. Speaker, in the present attitude
of our affairs, opposed to making any amend-
ments to the Constitution; and. beside this
objection, I am opposed to the measure under
discussion, because it seeks to introduce into
our system a principle which is wholly unau-
thorized, and will, if adopted, I fear, lead to
serious difficulties in the future.
What is the theory on which these proposi-
tions are based?.
This Union is composed of thirty-six States ;
and by law, in full force, but the provisions of
which are defied and utterly disregarded, this
House is legally and constitutionally to be com-
posed of two hundred and forty-one members ;
but*we have Representatives here from only
twenty-five States, and only one hundred and
eighty-four members.
The constitutional number of Senators is
two for each State, and when full that body
would now consist of seventy-two, while it is
in fact, composed of but fifty. So that eleven
States are denied all representation in both
branches of Congress, although the Constitu-
tion provides "thatlib State, tvitlbut its cwi-
sent, shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in
the Senate;" and the right to representation
in the House is equally clear.  
But this House by the mere exertion and
combination of numbers excludes from its
deliberations fifty-seven members; and the
Senate by the same power excludes "twenty-
two members from a voice and vote in that
Chamber. And it is, sir, in this strange and
extraordinary condition of our affairs that we
are gravely invited to procced to change the
Constitution in such a manner as to deeply and
materially affect every State whose represent-
atives are excluded from Congress; and we
are further asked t,o say to these States thus
excluded that if they refuse to debase them-
selves as equal States in the Union and de-
cline to ratify and approve by affirmative action
these changes, that their exclusion shall be per-
petual.
I ask gentlemen to pause and reflect before
they commit themselves to so monstrous and
revolutionary a scheme as this.
I maybedelndedandmistaken when Uassurae
that we are still legislating under a Constitu-
tion which we have all sworn to support. Or
can it be possible that while theforins and pro-
visions of that sacrect instrument are still con-
tained in our books, that its whole spirit and
binding authority have been destroyed, and that
the rich heritage of our fathers, of a free Gov-
ernment regulated by law, has become already
a mere machine by which the majority in Con-
gress are left free and untrammeled to do just
what they please?
Mr. Speaker, I trust that we are still in pos-
session, not only of the Constitution off our
fathers, but that wo will be animated and con-
trolled, at least, in some degree, by their wis-
dom and patriotism.
Sir, I deny wholly that there exists under
our Constitution any right whatever for any
number of States to combine together to ex-
clude the rest from their constitutional repre-
sentation in Congress, and to say to these States
so excluded that they shall only exercise the
right of representation on the terms and condi-
tions of adopting certain proposedamendmcnts
to the Constitution, because by the recognition
of such a principle you at once sanction the
right of three fourths of the States, not to
make amendments merely, but to adopt a pro-
vision which they may call an amendment, and
then drive the remaining one fourth of the
States out of the Union, unless they shall also
adopt the same proposition.
For that is virtually what is assumed may be
doneby the proposition of this committee. Nay,
more than this is assumed. It is the assertion
of tho right of three fourths'of the States to
say to the other fourth, you shall be held in
this Union for the purposes of taxation; you
shall be subjected to all the burdens and duties
of States in the Union, but you shall never be
represented in Congress unless you agree to
the conditions which we shall see proper to
impose on-you, although the Constitution ex-
pressly declares that "no State without its con-
sent shall be deprived of its equal suffrage in
the Senate," and that each State shall have at
least one Representative in the House.
Sir, the whole scheme is revolutionary and
a mostshallow pretext for an excuse to exclude
the vote of eleven States in the next presiden-
tial election. You cannot exact conditions in
this way from any State in the Union ; no
more from Georgia, than from Massachusetts.
They are each equal States in the Union, held
together by the same Constitution, neither being
the superior of the other in their relation to
the Federal Government as States.
I cannot pretend to say. Mr. Speaker, what
will be the action of these States, on these pro-
posed changes, but I trust they will have spirit
enough left to reject, with firm arid manly inde-
pendence, a scheme which disfranchises a large
majority of their citizens and brands with tiie
humiliating marks of inferiority States which
are constitutionally the -equals -of any other
