1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487
lished when we had nothing bat sailing vessels
in the Navy, and before the introduction of
steam, before the introduction of torpedoes,
and before the introduction of shell guns which
are so destructive upon ships. During this
war there have been several ships that have
been destroyed by torpedoes, the placing of
which by the enemy could not have been fore-
seen by the officers in charge of the ships or the
tnen upon them, it did not strike the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs that in a case of that
kind the old rule should bo adhered to. We
all thought that an officer who, in the proper
discharge of his duty, without any want of fore-
sight or skill, and not on account of any negli-
gence or malfeasance on his part, should be en-
tirely stripped of all his personal effects should
receive some compensation, and we have thei-e-
fore provided that in cases of that kind, under
the direction and with the approbation of the
Secretary of the Navy, there shall be allowed
to him the sum of one month's sea pay.
In the British service, the amount that is
allowed to a flag officer under similar circum-
stances is £300, or $1,500; to a fleet captain,
■£1-50, or $150; to a commodore or captain,
£200, or SI ,000; to a lieutenant, £80, or $400;
to a gunner or boatswain, £30, or Slot) : and to
a midshipman, £40, or S200. If this bill should
become a law, a vice admiral in our service
would receive $'■-£>• against SI,500 in the Brit-
ish service : a rear admiral would get ; a
commodore S333, against $1,000 in the Brit-
ish service ; a captain S-91. instead of $1,000
in the British service: a lieutenant S150 in-
stead ofS400 in the British service; an ensign,
§100; and a midshipman, $41.
Mr. WADE. What do sailors get?
Mr. GR IMES. Sailors now get a much larger
amounf in proportion than the sum that is al-
lowed to officers. We pay them sixty dollars
in any event, under the law that we passed two
years ago. The youngest boy that may be en-
listed into the service gets sixty dollars, while
a midshipman in the seivice under this bill only
gets forty-one dollars, not enough, in my opin-
ion ; but still we had to establish some rule,
and we thought this was the best rule that we
could devise.
The second section of the bill was inserted
by the committee at the instance of the Treas-
ury officers. I have a letter in my desk from
the Fourth Auditor insisting upon it that the
seventh section of the act of February '24, 1804,
ought to be and must necessarily be repealed
in order to enable the Treasury officers to set-
tle the accounts of seamen. That section pro-
vided that
The bounty monny which anv mariner or seaman
enlisting from the Army into the N'avy may have re-
ceived trom the United States or from the State in
which he enlisted m the Army, shall be deduct ed from
the pri7.e money to which he luay beeomc entitled
during the time required to complete his military
service.
J twill strike every man. I imagine, as an im-
possibility for the Fourth Auditor who has the
investigation of thesoaccounts toascertainhow
much John Smith or John Hoe may have re-
ceived from the State of Massachusetts or tlio
Slate of Ohio to induce him to enter into the
Army. The result is, therefore, that all the ac-
counts of these seamen are suspended. More
than two or three thousand of them. I under-
stand, must remain in that state of suspense
until either this bill is passed, or the Treasury
officers shall be satisfied «,s to the amount of
bounty they may have received from the States.
It is for the Treasury to ascertain these facts.
For the-reason 1 have stated the committee
have proposed to repeal that section of the law.
T believe I have now stated all there is in con-
nection with this bill.
Mr. OONNESS. It appears to me that the
compensation proposed by the first section of
this bill is a very small one indeed, and cannot
by any possibility iu many instances cover the
    _ do
not wish to offer an amendment, as this matter
has been considered in the committee; but I sub-
mit to the honorable chairman of the committee
that, in many instances, indeed in some that
have come to my own knowledge, the personal
loss of the oflicer exceeds five or six times the
amount of compensation he would receive under
this bill, and it is hardly fair to deal with these
officers in that way. I further suggest whether
it would not be better to provide for ascertaining
what the personal loss in such cases might be,
Mr. GRIMES. The bill docs provide for that.
It says:
Provided, That the accounting officers shall in all
cases require a schedule and certificate from the offi-
cer makingtheclaunfor effects so lost: And pruvuh d
further. That 110 allowance shall be made by virtue of
this act. for any loss incurred prior to tlie 19tli day of
April, 1861.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator, I think,
scarcely understands my suggestion. In no
ease, although that schedule is required to he
presented, as I understand it., is the compensa-
tion to be more than the amount of his sea-pay
for one month ; so .that although the schedule
may set forth that his loss may have exceeded
that six times, and that that loss has not oc-
curred by any negligence of his. but in action
with the enemy, he receives the amount of sea
pay for one month, which is a very poor and
trifling compensation. It appears to me that
it is hardly dealing either justly or generously
with these men.
Air. GRIMES. I agree fully with what the
Senator from California has said in regard to
the amount that is allowed by this bill. 1 do
not think that it is as much as ought, to be al-
lowed to these officers ; but it was \ cry difficult
for us to determine the criterion by -a hich we
should be governed. Tt occuried to me, and
to those who were interested in the bill, that
two months' pay was too much, and it was ne-
cessary for us to make some absolute data on
which to predicate the bill. I think that the
officers who have suffered during this war from
the loss of their property would infinitely pre-
fer taking the am ouni specified here titan not
getting anything at all. as has been the case
heretofore.
Mr. CONXESS. I have no doubt thai is the
case: but 1 a.-.k the Senator, why not have a
provision which shall provide for ascertaining
the loss in such cases, and for allowing the
actual Joss ?
Mr. GRIMES. For this rca-on : some men
mayhaveamueh more exteusive kit than others.
Mr. CONNESS. Then provide that it,shall
not exceed a certain sum.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 supposed that this would
nearly cover the value ot the an ieles thai it « as
necessary for some of these ollieerr, to ha\e.
Others may have quite extensive wardrobes,
and where tlicv exceed in value that which we
believe a prudent and economical man ought
to have, the Government does not want to pay
for it. I think myself that we had better pass
the bill as it stands, and if it is necessary to
amend it in the future it can be done.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert the fol-
lowing as an additional section:
Pre. 2 t ,'<■ if further ainr-lel. That so much of
the seventh section of the art of Congress, approved
February lit, He, entitled "An act to amend an a! t
entitled'' A11 act for ei.ietbir; and calling out the
national forces, and lor other purpose-*.* anoioved
March A. i >, Ife'J'i," as piovtdcs that "the bounty
money which anv mariner or seaman enh'-tiiisr n  m
the Army into the N.ivy may have received from the
United States, or from the Stat" in which tie enlisted
in the Army, shall be deducted bom the piUc money
to which lie may become entitled dmiuK the time
lequired to complete his military -er\ice," be, ami
the same is hereby, lepealed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Thebillwasreportedto the Senat en sa mended,
and the amendments were concurred in. 'Ihc
bill was ordered to be engrossed fora thirdread-
ing, was read the third time, and passed.
F REED MKX' S BUUK.4 U.
Mr. CONNESS. Yesterday, when the bill
for the extension of the Freedmen's Bureau was
bein^ voted upon. 1 said that,I would move it s re-
consideration for the honorable member from
Maryland, [Mr. J0HSS0x;}butIleam that the
bill has gone to the House of Representatives.
Preceding a motion to reconsider, I move that
the Secretary of the Senate be directed to ask for
the return of the bill from the House of Itepre-
sontatives.
Mr. S U MNER. I hope there will be no action
on that now unless to vote it down.
Mr. CONNESS. I presume that this is a
courtesy due to the Senator from Maryland, so
that he may be able to have an opportunity to
submit whatever remarks he may have to make,
on a motion to reconsider, when the bill comes
back, and then the Senate may vote that motion
down if that be "their sense. I trust that no
objection will be made to this course, because
1 think it is the usual course 111 the Senate and
is duo to the Senator. I hope the question will
be taken without opposition on the motion to
call the bill back. It will not delay it long. We
can act, upon it before we adjourn. I hope that
course will be taker-
Mr. JOHNSON. The suggestion that I made
yesterday to the Senate, and particularly to the
chairman of the committee, was, that under the
circumstances in which we were at thattime, it
seemed to me but proper that the bill should
not be finally disposed of until we should have
an opportunity of seeing what objections to the
bill were to be found in a communication made
by the Governor of South Carolina to the Pres-
ident of the I'musd States, and which we were
informed would be laid upon the tables of Sen-
ators to-day. I am very much inclined to think
that, but for the understanding to which we came
yesterday.an understanding to which the mem-
ber from California and myself were more par-
ticularly the parties, but an understanding ap-
parently acquiesced in by the members of the
Senate, the vote would not, have been taken
yesterday at all, or might not have been taken.
All that 1 ask is that that understanding shall
be carried out now.
] was not aware until I came into the Senate,
being engaged elsewhere, and not coming in at
the time of theassemblingof the Senate, thatthe
honorable member from California had failed
to make his motion to reconsider; but I found
that, the motion had not been made, and that
the Clerk, in the discharge of his duty, had
transmitted the bill to the House of Represent-
atives. All that 1 desire is that the bill shall
be brought back. The communication of the
Governor of South Carolina is on our tables,
ami it appears to me—I have read it—to con-
tain matters of very serious importance which
the Senate ought to consider before it decides
finally. All that 1 wish to say, if it comes back,
will be said in a very short time ; and the Sen-
ate will be able to pass upon the bill certainly
without any unreasonable delay caused by any
icmarks which 1 shall make. I do not see that
it is so important to the success of the measure
that the bill should be acted upon by the House
of Representatives now. to-day, or that it, is at, all
probable that the bill will be acted upon there
to-day if the House is suffered to retain posses-
sion of it. If we get it back, and the Senate
pass the bill in the shape in which it now is, or
if they shall think proper to amend it in any
particular, it will go to the House on Monday
mornina-. and 1 suppose the final decision of the
House would be about as early as it would be
if the motion made so kindly by the honorable
Senator from California was acquiesced in. I
have nothing more to say. The Senate may dis-
pose of it as they think proper._
The question being put, a division was called
for.
Mr. JOHNSON called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays weie ordered ; and being
taken, iesnlted—yeas 1,S. nays 22 ; as follows :
YEAS—.Messrs. Buckalew, Coniiess, Davis, Po t'-r,
Gulhiie, Hendricks, Johnson, ?>JcDoue:ai', Ne.vmith,
Norton, Kiddie, Saubburv, sue. Stockton, Yan
Winkle. V/iliey, Williams, and Y'ns;!:- Is.
NAYS — >tessi>. Brown, (.'hamllei. Clark, Cracriu,
Dixon, Doolittle, Grimes, llanK limvard, Howe,
Kiikwood, Lane e,f Kansas, Morgan, Nve. Ponieroy,
Sherman. Stewart, Sumner.Trumbull, Wade, H ilson,
ABSENT—.Mr-.-r". Anthony. Cowan, Cieswell, Fes-
