3422
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 26,
all the provisions are. There are three laws
referred to in connection with this matter, each
of which, I think, I have had some share in
drafting, being chairman of thecommittee that
reported them. The Union Pacific railroad
starts from an initial point upon the one hun-
dredth degree of longitude to be fixed by the
President, a point which never has been fixed.
The various branches—the Omaha road and
the Kansas ro§d—were originally to unite on
that initial point with that railroad, and they
were to unite within certain points on the
banks of the Kansas and of the Platte.
Mr. HIGBY. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania if the first section of this
bill contemplates anything more than an ex-
tension of the time within which the maps of
those roads arc to be filed.
Mr. STEVENS. That is everything it does.
Mr. DAVIS. Does not this bill change the
route which has been laid down on the maps
already filed in the office of the Secretary of
the Interior?
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman will allow
me to go on with the history of this matter he
may, perhaps, understand it better. Originally
these branch roads were to go to the initial
point on the one hundredth meridian. The
route of the Kansas branch, ending at Port
Riley, was to be fixed by the President. Two
years were allowed them to file their maps in
the office of the Secretary of the Interior, for
the purpose of having the route designated.
The President never fixed the route. Some-
time after, in 1864, application was made to
the House to allow any one of these branches
that chose to do so to unite with the Union
Pacific railroad anywhere they chose west of
the one hundredth degree of longitude, pro-
vided they received no more bonds than if they
went to the one hundredth degree. The act
of 18G4, which I hold in my hand, gave cither
of these branches a right to unite with the
Union Pacific railroad and go westward as far
as they pleased without reference to the initial
point, provided they should have no more than
$10,000 per mile up to the one hundredth de-
gree. That was the law last year. It extended
the time for filing the map. After this Kansas
route had been extended as far as Fort Riley,
and had already one hundred and sixteen or
one hundred and twenty miles in running order,
they came to the conclusion thatthe best route
was upon Smoky Hill branch, which the engi-
neers had long before believed to bctheproper
one. They filed maps for the purpose of tak-
ing up the Smoky Hill route, but the Attorney
General decided that the maps were filed too
late, not having been filed within the three
years required. I do not think the opinion of
the Attorney General was correct, because the
initial point had never been fixed. The Kan-
sas branch now comes and asks us to give them
until the 1st of December next to file their
maps and designate the route, the same as if it
had been done within the first three years.
That is the whole provision of the bill. So
far as the Kansas route is concerned it ex-
pressly says that they shall receive no more
bonds than if they had gone by the other route.
They only ask the right to file their maps be-
tween this and December next, and to take
the same advantages under the law to which
this is a supplement that those two acts gave
them before. If any member will read those
laws, he must have an anxious desire to see a
difference if he can pervert it to mean any-,
thing but what I have staled.
Now, with regard to the main line, the Cali-
fornia and Central Pacific railroad—I think that
is the name—were authorized at first to build
their road to the Nevada line, and then through
Nevada to tlio eastern line of Nevada; and
then there was a general provision allowing
that company, if they could get there before
the Union Paeifie line got there, to go on east-
ward until they met the construction of the
Union Pacific road. But if the Union Pacific
Railroad Company failed to make it, then this
company was to go on the whole way and
make it themselves. That was the law as it
stood in 1861. In that year, in the enactment
to which I have referred, there was inserted a
provision that the California company should
go on one hundred and fifty miles this side of
the Nevada line. How that provision got in
that bill'there is very great, diversity of opin-
ion. I do not want to make a statement; I
do not want to give any recollection about it.
Mr. HIGBY. Will thegentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] yield to me for a mo-
ment to have read an extract bearing upon the
point to which he refers?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. HIGBY. I ask the Clerk to read the
extract I have marked in the paper which I
send to his desk.
The Clerk read the following extract from
the remarks of Senator Confess, as published
in the Daily Globe of the 20th instant:
"Mr. President, I ask the attention of every Sena-
tor in the Senate to thestateinentl arnnow about to
make, and I challenge contradiction of it. How did
that provision of law obtain? How did it come to be
the law? X will tell you, Senators. In 1861 the Sen-
ate passed a Pacific railroad bill; I had a copy of it
before me this morning. The House of Representa-
tives passed another. The Senate refused to pass
the House bill, and the House refused to pass the
Scnatobill; and the matter was referred to a com-
mittee of conference upon the questions of disagree-
ment. _ In neither of those bills did this arbitrary
condition that X have named, confining one of these
great companies to one hundred and fifty miles east
of the California line, occur. It was not in cither
bill; there was not aword or atittle of it in either. I
was a member of the confcrencc committee. We met
in the room of the Committee on Public Lands of the
Senate. The honorable Senator who is now Secretary
of the Interior was chairman of that conference. I
sat there pending that entire conference. Point by
point the differences between tlic two Houses were
arranged and agreed upon, and I undertake to say
here that that arbitrary condition now in the law,
and in the law when it was printed, never was con-
sidercdin tha t conference. It was stolen in through
the corruption of some parties and the clerk who
eventually made up tho roport. The report of that
conference committee was presented hero on the last
day of tho session and compelled to beadopted with-
out examination. What I state cannot be contra-
dicted, and the Senate and Congress ought to justify
itself by a close inquiry as to who dared to make laws
for tho Congress of the United States."
Mr. STEVENS. Although my recollection
is precisely that of the Senator, of whose re-
marks the Clerk has just read an extract, yet
I shall make no charges against anybody. But
by some means that law was made to provide
that the California read should stop one hun-
dred and fifty miles this side of the Nevada
line; to stop unconditionally, no matter whether
the Union Pacific railroad reached that point
or not. Now, one object of the bill under
consideration is to correct that, and to allow
tho California Railroad Company to go on until
it meets the road constructed by the Union
Pacific Railroad Company; to allow each com-
pany to see which can build the road the fast-
est. If it shall be that the California company
builds the fastest, then let them go on ; if the
Union Pacific Railroad Company builds the
fastest, then let them go on. The object is to
restore the law to what it was intended to be,
and to what it should be now. Now, in regard
to the other part of the hill, there can hardly
be any objection to it—I mean the initial point
agreed upon—and therefore I have nothing
further to say upon it.
Mr. DAWES. It is my desire to have such
a discussion of this bill that I can clearly un-
derstand what it is; if it does not mean any
more than the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Stevens] claims for it, I do not know
that 1 shall oppose its passage. But I cannot,
with my present knowledge of the bill, come to
the same conclusion that the gentleman does;
and I find that others put the same construc-
tion upon the bill that I do. I only desire to
understand fully what the bill is; that is the
sole reason why I ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania to consent that it may be assigned for
consideration to someday certain, when it may
have a fair discussion.
And I ask that for the further reason that I
find the bill on my file and the Senate bill now
under consideration are two very different bills.
How far that difference affects the actual mean-
ing of the bill I cannot tell. I find upon my
file a Senate bill No. 317, and until five min-
utes ago I supposed that was a true copy of
the bill under consideration at this time. But
I have just compared the printed copy on my
file with the bill at the Clerk's desk, and I find
that they are two very different bills. I under-
stand that there is in circulation about the
House, among some of the members, another
print of this bill, which I am told is a private
print and not a public print. I do not know
how far members may be misled by confound-
ing those two bills. I suppose the real state of
the case to be this: the bill I hold in my hand
is probably the printed copy of the bill as it
was first reported to the Senate, the other is a
printed copy of the bill as it finally passed the
Senate.
Now, I do not know there is any real differ-
ence between the printing of the bill at the
Clerk's desk and this printed copy which I
hold in my hand ; but it is a good reason why
we should have a fair discussion of this bill on
a day certain. If a fair discussion of this bill
shall show there need be no apprehension in
reference to the construction that will be given
to it, then it will pass more certainly. If,
however, a fair discussion shall indicate there
is good ground for the doubt alleged, then the
gentleman ought to join with us in making that
certain which seems uncertain.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me appeal to the
House. Is there anything unreasonable in
the proposition I have offered that if this bill
shall pass then the gentleman from Iowa shall
introduce and pass his amendment in the
shape of an explanatory joint resolution ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If the gentleman
makes that suggestion to mo, I will say in reply,
if, as the gentleman says, we should adopt this
amendment it would defeat the bill in the Sen-
ate, why would not the amendment be also
defeated in the Senate if sent to them in the
shape of an explanatory joint resolution?
Mr. STEVENS. I do not say it would be
defeated if sent to the Senate as an independent
measure.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If this will be de-
feated with the same thing in it, I would like
to know whether the Senate would not be likely
to defeat an independent bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I will just go so far as
to pledge that the friends of tho bill shall vote
for it. But, Mr. Speaker, I will proceed with
what I was saying. I had shown how the one
hundred and fifty got in. That is given up.
Then- there is nothing more than the initial
point. In reference to this we have the evidence
of the engineers and attorneys at Omaha.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I wish to state here
in connection with what the gentleman has said
that I do not care what the Omaha men or
their attorneys majthave agreed to. I am not
representing that company or any man in the
company ; I am representing the interests of
the country connected with that road.
.Mr. STEVENS. I trust I shall be allowed
to proceed. I ask any gentleman whether, if
the Kansas eoropany got to the one hundredth
meridian befoi*e the other, they could not go
on. In this bill it does not say a word of it.
But it is answered by a former bill which I
have here, and the twelfth section of which I
would be glad if some gentleman would read
for me.
_ Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, then read the sec-
tion, as follows:
" Sec. 12. And be it .further enacted, That the Leav-
enworth, Pawnee, and Western Railroad Company,
now known as the Union Pacific Railroad Company,
eastern division, shall build the railroad from the
month of Kansas river, by the way of Leavenworth;
or, if that be not deemed the best route, then the
said company shall, within two years, build a rail-
road from the city of Leavenworth to unite with the
main stem at or near the city of Lawrence; but to
aid m the construction of said branch the said com-
pany shall not be entitled to any bonds. And if tho
Union Pacific Railroad Company shall not be pro-
ceeding, in good faith, to build the said railroad
through theTenitories when tho Leavenworth, Paw-
nee, and Western Railroad Company, now known as
the Union Pacific Railroad Company, eastern divis-
ion, shall have completed their road to the hundredth
degree of longitude, then the last-named company
may proceed to make said road westward until it
me$ts and connects with the Central Pacific Railroad
Company on the samo line. And the said railroad
