438
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
sender!, Foot, Henderson, Lane of Indiana, Morrill,
Poland, and liainscy—10.
So the motion was, not agreed to.
PROVISIONAL (JOYBIiXJIENTS.
Mr. HOWE. . I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to.the consideration of the joint resolu-
tion introduced by me providing for provisional
governments for certain communities.
The motion was agreed to; and the consid-
eration of the joint resolution (S. R. No. 11) in
relation to the organization of provisional gov-
ernments within the States whose people were
lately in rebellion was considered as in Com-
mittee" of the Whole, the question being on the
motion of Mr. IIowe, to refer the resolution to
the joint committee on reconstruction.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, it is not often,
I think, that a resolution encounters so rough a
passage oil its way to the committee as the res-
olution which I had the honor to introduce on
the' 10th instant has encountered. It, was of-
fered on the 1<)th, and has not reached the com-
mittee yet. Considering the two very formi-
dable assaults made upon it by the honorable
Senator from Maryland and by my colleague,
it seemed to me proper that I should not allow
it to go to the committee without a few remarks
in xeply to what they urged against it, and 1
have been in no hasto to make that reply. Kor
myself, consulting my own feelings, 1 should
have preferred to submit such remarks as I had
to urge in reply immediately on (he conclusion
of the speeches made by the Senator from
Maryland and by my colleague respectively. 1
did seek the floor for the purpose of replying to
the Senator from Maiyland; it was nut the
pleasure of (he Senate to hear me at lhalt.ime,
and it has not been in my power to obtain the
floor until this lime. That lias, however, occa-
sioned me no particular embarrassment. I have
not labored under any such embariassmenf, a s
seemed to have overtaken the Senator from
Maryland. He thought he ought- not to allow
the remarks which I submitted to the Senate
to go to the country a single day without an
attempt to reply. I have been entirely willing
that tire remarks which he took occasion to
make to the Senate should go to (he country
days and weeks without an effort, to reply.
Indeed, sir, 1 am not at all anxious. 1 am not
at all concerned, lor !lie effect of this debate
upon the country. So far as 1 participate in
the debate, f do not seek to speak to the coun-
try. 1 desire on this occasion, as on the for-
mer occasion, lo address myself to tlie Senate.
It seems U> hie I,hat at. this time abo\ e all others
m the history of our country we should stop
talking to the country, and that the Senate
should reason together as to what ought to he
done in this very critical emergency. It is no
time to buildup parties; it is no time to incul-
cate doctrine!; it is no time for missionary work ;
it is time for legislative deliberation. There is
work enough for as all to do ; ami the particular
work, allow me to say. to which I wish the na-
tional Legislature to address itself is a work
in which no political parly that lives now, or
ever did live in this eounlry. has any partisan
interest. It is a work which ought not to be
left to the hands of any party, ft is a work to
which all parties, in my judgment, ought lo
address themselves. What is it, sir?
All my life I have known, as other Senators
about me know, that there has been deposited
away down at (he bottom of American society
a great mass of unassorted humanity which has
not had a fair chance in American society, has
not had a fair chance ill the woild. Now, if
Government be an estate enjoyed by those who
possess its prerogatives, perhaps they are en-
tirely right in ignoring this mass of humanity;
if it beatrust to be employed for the benefit of
the governed rather than the governors, there
is no portion of American society which, in my
judgment, commends itself to honest govern-
ment. so heartily, so cordially, so emphatically
as the very class to which I refer; and I think
thev come before us at this time with peculiar
claims because of the circumstances in which
the country rests to-day.
This resolution upon which I wish to address
the Senate has reference to society existing in a
portion of the country which formerly consti-
tuted eleven Stales of the American Union.
There are to be found millions of uneducated
and uncultured colored men who by a national
decree have been made free, have been changed
from chattelstomeninthc eye of the law. There
are other millions, or there are other numbers,
I do not know that they amount to millions, who
have been reduced from men almost to chattels
because of their fidelity to our flag, to our Con-
stitution, and to this country. These two classes
of American society seem to me to demand
some protection, some care, some nourishment
which they have not hitherto received. Itisfor
them 1 speak.
Sir, 1 have thought that it belonged to repub-
lican institutions to carry, out, to execute the
doctrines of the Declaration of Independence,
to make men equal. That they are not equal
in social estimation, that they are not equal in
mental culture, that they are not. equal in phys-
ical stature, I know very well; but I have
thought the weaker they were the more the Gov-
ernment was bound to foster and protect them.
If Government be designed for the protection
of the weak, certainly the weaker men arc the
more they need its protection. I know that a
great portion of these people on whose behalf
1 speak are uneducated and ignorant. 1 have
supposed it was within the purpose of repub-
lican institutions, and entirely within the power
of republican institutions, to gi\c culture and
education to them all. 1 supposed it ought to
be done. 1 was a little staitled the other day
on hearing the Senator from Pennsylvania [ Mr.
Cow.vxj start an objection to this, lie told us
with a good deal of emphasis lha.t ii. would not
do to ha\ e every man as learned and as culti-
vated as the Senator from Massachusetts. Wit at
will you do for boot-blacks? says the Senator
from Pennsylvania. What, will you do for men
to perform your menial offices? The inquiry
hail not occurred to me. it did startle me. It
is rather a solemn warning. It did awaken me
from the dream in which I had indulged for a
great many years. It ought lo be attended to.
You who think men, American citizens, ought,
to fie made equal, take cute that you do not
destroy the profession of boot-black. You that
llnnk that in the course of coming generations
all men are to be brought up and placed upon
a plane of political equality, listen to the" sol-
emn admonition of the Senator from Pennsyl-
\ania, w ho sends his warning down the Hue of
these coming gcneiations and charges you to
f)c careful, be careful how you enlarge your
universities: you had better shut up your acad-
emies, your school-houses ; if you do not fake
care von will have nobody to black your boots !
Well now, Mr. President, (ins is a serious
matter; it commend" itself to jou gentlemen
who have you r names fa irly wri! on t he eonserv-
aiive lisl ; aou musftake heed (o it As for my-
self, I am washed (int. of thai fraternity. Ever
since f have taken any part in political affairs,
I have been so firmly and so fulh wedded to
the idea thai it was the work of the law. as of
the gospel, to bring all men up to their utmost
capacity, that I am bound to prosecute that
labor myself. I must go .along in that path. 1
am hopelessly committed to it. I must follow
it out, even if my boots go unblacked.
Bm, sir. ! do not admit that any consequence
so dire as that would follow. Something may
fie done yet. to secure a class of men to perform
these menial offices. We have not tested (he
stretch of our social capabilities vol, we Jo not
know how much can be done foi the pi eserva-
tion of American society by associated effort.
Suppose you organize societies for the propa-
gation of boot-blacks, would that not do some-
thing for us to save us from this calamity?
I have thoucht. of another thing, ft was
suggested to me by what I remember in the
economy of a V'<s thrifty man in tlie town in
which I was raised in the Stale of Maine. The
State of Maine was when 1 lived there rather
too far north to cultivate corn to advantage—
the seasons were not quite long enough. In
one particular year, however, I remember the
season was very long, the frosts were late, and
the corn ripened remarkably well. It was the
habit of farmers there to use the unripe corn—■
what they called tlie soft corn—to feed to their
swine, and so they called it hog corn. One
year the corn ripened very well, and one farmer
whom I remember in the town in which 1 was
raised was so very fortunate or unfortunate that
his corn all ripened and he had no soft corn
for his swine. Of course his swine could notbe
allowed to go without corn, and so he swapped
with his neighbors who were not circumstanced
in the same way—swapped his sound corn for
soft corn to feed to his hogs. When the time
comes that American society is all educated
above the capacity to black boots, perhaps
something can be done in the way of exchange
to supply us. Undoubtedly we shall reach that
point many years ahead of Europe, or Asia, or
Africa. Can we not swap our cultivated men
who cannot perform menial offices for unculti-
vated men who cannot do anything else and
drive a good business at it ?
Mr. COXXESS. Wo do it now.
Mr. HOWE. We have got plenty of boot-
blacks now, and we have not much of anything
else, 1 am sorry to say. [Laughter. ] How much
will it not add to our commerce when we can
send out a ship-load of Sumners and bring back
a cargo of chimney-sweeps! [Laughter.] You
see we could not afford to make an even ex-
change, man for man. Undoubtedly one such
cargo would bring two of the chimney-sweeps.
A ship-load of Buowxs would bring back a
whole argosy of boot-blacks.
It seems to me it would add very much to
our commerce ; and we should be carrying it on,
you see, upon precisely theprinciple upon which
Great Britain is carrying on her commerce with
us now. She sends a very little cloth, and gets
back in exchange a great deal of raw material
of cotton and of food. We should repay her
with the same policy ; we should export very
little mind and import a great deal of muscle
in payment for it. So, sir, I am not apprehen-
sive that we shall be left entirely destitute of
the means of getting our boots blacked, even if
we prosecute the old effort, on which I have
been so intent.
I said, sir, that I had been in no haste to
make this reply. 1 said that I had fell, no oc-
casion for alarm; and yet I have noticed some
things which ought, perhaps, to have alarmed
me. Commenting upon the very able speech of
the Senator from Maryland, 1 noticed that the
New York Times pronounced its logic masteilv.
I do not know but that as a sincere and honest
friend of this Administration I ought to have
been alarmed by such a commentary as that,
when em consider that the logic of the Senator
from Maryland stamped everything which has
been done by the President of the United States
since the surrender of"the rebel armies as ille-
gal. illeuilimate. and revolutionary. T do not
know but that the friends of the Administration
ought to have been alarmed when an organ
which styles itsTdf the chief, the leading sup-
porter of the President, characterized its logic
as masterly. Still, notwithstandingfhat. I have
waited until the present time before claiming
tlie attention of the Senate any farther upon
this resolution. Xow, sir, what is to fie said?
I have first to say that what I had the honor to
submit to the Senate on the 10th instant in the
shape of argument remains untouched. Neither
the Senator from Maryland nor my colleague
has assailed any argument which 1 thought fit
to consliuct or to submit to the Senate. Leav-
ing what I said in defense of my resolution un-
touched, they have taken the resolution up them-
selves severally and have sought to construct an
argument against it. I have, therefore, not to
reaffirm anything I said on that occasion; I
shall address myself on tlie contrary entirely to
what they have said, and [ propose as briefly
as I can to state the reasons why the arguments
which they have severally constructed do not
strike me as conclusive.
