2462
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
States in this Union. I trust, sir, these people
will rally with a united and patriotic purpose
around the wise and just policy ot Andrew
Johnson. .
Gentlemen cannot justify themselves m sup-
porting this proposed legislation on the ground
that these States are out of the Union, and that
therefore this Congress may require such con-
ditions-precedent as they please to their ad-
mission. No, sir; these States are not out of
the Union. They have never been out of the
Union. They have been recognized by the
executive and judicial departments of the Gov-
ernment as States in the Union, and Congress
has, by its legislation, more than once during
-the war fully recognized them as States in the
Union, and the very measure which is now
proposed to them for their acceptance is a rec-
ognition of the fact.that they are existing States
of the Union ; and yet gentlemen who support
these propositions put themselves in the atti-
tude of requiring conditions from these States,
on which they are to be entitled to representa-
tion, which they do not for a moment believe
they have a right to exact from New York
or Pennsylvania. Sir, these eleven States are
in the Union as equal States, and as clearly
entitled to representation, as Ohio or Massachu-
setts. They are to be counted in the number of
all the States, three fourths of which are ne-
cessary to ratify an amendment to the Consti-
tution. They are so far regarded by this com-
mittee as States as to be called upon to exercise
one of the highest functions which a State can
exercise, namely, to adopt or reject a pro-
posed change in the organic law of the country.
But, sir, a strange spectacle is presented in
this measure. States are called upon to delib-
erate on proposed amendments within their own
respective jurisdictions; and these very States
are deprived of all opportunity of discussing
or voting upon these propositions in Congress,
and are States which it is gravely proposed
shall not be represented, unless they shall first
adopt amendments presented to them by two
thirds of the representatives of twenty-five out
of the thirty-six States of this Union. And
more than ali, these States are thus invited to
deliberate on the modest demand made of
them to disfranchise a large majority of their
own citizens, through Legislatures elected or
to he elected, by the votes of the very men who
are to be disfranchised under this amendment.
Sir, the proposition need only be stated to con-
demn it as anti-republican and wholly at war
with all the well-settled principles of a free
representative Government.
It is, sir, the assertion of a principle which
may embarrass the nation in the future. I trust
this Government may continue a free Govern-
ment for countless generations to come. The
life of man is of but short duration, that of a
nation is often counted by centuries. And we
should remember that it is always unsafe to
establish precedents which may disturb the
union of these States or sanction a combina-
tion of States to impair that perfect equality
of the rights of the States as they exist and are
secured, under our federative system.
We all know that one of the compromises
made by the framers of the Constitution was
the recognition of the equality of each State
in the Senate; and to iix this equality they
provided in the Constitution that no State,
without its consent," should be deprived of
its equal suffrage in the Senate.
_ Well, you not only refuse this constitutional
right of equal suffrage in the Senate, but go
further, and deny all representation to eleven
States in either House of Congress, and pro-
pose that the exercise of this plain right,
secured by the Constitution to all the States,
shall be enjoyed only on such terms and con-
ditions as you may see fit to propose, through
a Congress which thus excludes these States.
Gentlemen would do well not to forget that
it is possible, if this combination of the major-
ity of the representatives of twenty-five of the
thirty-six States, should now be successful, and
should be sanctioned by the people, that a
generation who may come after us, may deem
it best for the true interest of a country which
may then number one hundred million people,'
and fifty States, to modify the rights of some
other States in their representation.
The six New England States have twelve
Senators, but have a population less than the
single State of New York, and in the next
generation will probably have a population
less than some of the States in the great
valley of the Mississippi, and who can tell but
that some other interest may not then form
a combination and say to these six States,
you have too much power in the Senate for
your population, and we can only agree that
you shall enjoy the right to be represented in
Congress on the condition that you will con-
sent to a reduction of your equal suffrage in
the Senate ?
Gentlemen from New England might then
appeal to the Constitution and to the sanctity
of that provision which gives to each State two
Senators. But, sir, the answer could be made,
and with tremendous force, that the same pro-
vision existed from the foundation of the Gov-
ernment ; and notwithstanding that fact, these
States once, on a memorable occasion in the
history of this country, combined to disregard
this provision and denied the benefit of this
right to eleven of their sister States unless
they should first sanction and adopt conditions
which the majority had no right to impose ;
and depend upon it, sir, the appeal, if made to
men like those who now control our legislation,
would be made in vain.
Sir, this measure is dangerous to our safety.
It protracts an unfortunate contest without
promising any beneficial results to the har-
mony and prosperity of the country. The time
has cosnc, I most respectfully submit, when the
feelings of sectional hate and animosity should
give way to the higher and nobler principles
of magnanimity, of kindness, conciliation, and
true charity.
The people of the United States will never
consent to a dissolution of the Union. They
have sacrificed too much to preserve it ever to
abandon it or sanction measures which will
delay the complete restoration of all the States
to their constitutional relations with the Fed-
eral Government. It was for this that our
brave men fought. For this oceans of blood
and treasure were poured out like water ; and
the man or set of men who may attempt to
obstruct or delay the full fruition of the great
struggle will be ground into powder by that
people whose purposes to maintain the Union
and preserve the Constitution are as fixed as
our mountains.
Mr. Speaker, the North and the South are
destined to live together as one people, in the
same Union, and under a common Constitution.
Let us, I beseech you, endeavor to live together
as true friends and brothers.
Let us rise equal to the great occasion and
imitate the noble example of our brave armies
in the field, who, when the conflict had ended,
no loxiger regarded the southern people as
enemies, but as friends. " Enemies in war, in
peace friends." Let us welcome into these
Halls representatives from all the States who
may be true to the Constitution and the Union ;
and when all these States shall once more
gather around this common council chamber
of the nation, then, and not till then, let the
great questions of amendment be fairly dis-
cussed and voted upon.
Sir, if we shall be true to our destiny, obe-
dient to the great principles of the Constitution
and the rights of all the States, this Govern-
ment will endure, and we shall be enabled to
transmit it unimpaired to our children asaprice-
less heritage, which has come down to us from
the men of the Revolution, to be, as I most
earnestly pray, perpetuated for ages to come
as the model of free governments and the
asylum for the oppressed of every land.
message ikom the senate.
A message from the Senate, b^Mr. Formy,
its Secretaiy, announced that the Senate had
passed a joint resolution of the House (No.
133) relative to the attempted assassination
of the Emperor of Russia, with an amendment,
in which he was directed to request the concur-
rence of the House.
' reconstruction again'.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I do not rise
to speak at length upon the pending measure,
but for the purpose of entering a motion and
submitting a few practical suggestions on the
bill, and particularly in reference to the third
section. |
With almost every proposition in the report
of the joint committee on reconstruction 1 am
pleased; yes, more than pleased, I am delighted
that we have at least reached the firm earth,
and planted our feet upon the solid granite, on
enduring and indubitable principle. I believe
we have at last a series of propositions which,
in the main, will meet the approval of the
American people as no others have ever done
since the beginning of this struggle.
I will not go into a general discussion of the
reconstruction policy, but will confine myself
in the few*words I shall say to the joint resolu-
tion and the amendment to the Constitution
proposed by it now before the House, and more
particularly to one section of it. First let me
say I regret more than I shall be able to tell
this House that we have notfound the situatiou
of affairs in this country such, and the public
virtue such that we might come out on the
plain, unanswerable proposition that every
adult intelligent citizen of the United States,
unconvicted of crime, shall enjoy the right of
suffrage.
Sir, I believe that the right to vote, if it be
not indeed one of the natural rights of all men,
is so necessary to the protection of their nat-
ural rights as to be indispensable, and there-
fore equal to natural rights. I believe that the
golden sentence of John Stuart Mill, in one of
his greatest works, ought to be written on the
constitution of every State, and on the Consti-
tution of the United States, as the greatest and
most precious of truths, ''That the ballot is
put into the hands of men, not so much to
enable them to govern others as that he may
not be misgoverned by others." 1 believe
that suffrage is the shieW, the sword, the spear,
and all the panoply that best befits a man for
his own defense in the great social organism
to which he belongs. And I profoundly regret
that we have not been enabled to write it and
engrave it upon our institutions, and imbed it in
the imperishable bulwarks of the Constitution
as a part of the fundamental law of the land.
But I am willing, as I said once before in
this presence, when I cannot get all I wish to
take what I can get. And therefore I am will-
ing to accept the propositions that the com-
mittee have laid before us, though I desire
one amendment which I will mention pros-
ently.
I am glad to see this first section here which
proposes to hold over every American citizen,
without regard to color, the protecting shield
of law. The gentleman who has jnst taken his
seat [Mr. Finck] undertakes to show that
because we propose to vote for this section we
therefore acknowledge that the civil rights bill
was unconstitutional. He was anticipated in
that objection by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevess.] The civil rights bill is
now a part of the law of the laud. But every
gentleman knows it will cease to he a part of
the law whenever the sad moment arrives when
that gentleman's party comes into power. It
is precisely for that reason that we propose to
lift that great and good law above the reach of
political strife, beyond the reach of the plots
and machinations of any party, and fix it in
the serene sky, in the eternal firmament of the
Constitution, where no storm of passion can
shake it and no cloud can obscure it. For this
reason, and not because I believe the civil rights
bill unconstitutional, I am glad to see that first
section here.
