1502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 19,
recommit will be assented to unanimously, as
a majority of the House are evidently in favor
of that motion.
On agreeing to the motion to recommit, there
were—ayes ninety-seven, noes not counted.
So the motion to recommit was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was recommitted; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a bill
of the following title; when the Speaker signed
the same:
An act (H. R. No. CO) quieting doubts in
relation to the validity of certain locations of
lands in the State of Missouri, made by virtue
of certificates issued under the act of Congress
of February 17, 1815.
MESSAGE PROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Eorxey,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
concurred in the amendments of the House to
the bill (S. No. 54) to amend an act entitled
"An'act to incorporate the national military
and naval asylum for the relief of the totally
disabled officers and men of the volunteer
forces of the United States."
LEGISLATIVE, ETC., APPROPRIATION BILL.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order, the bill (H.
R. No. 213) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 18G7.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Conkt.ixc in the chair,) and proceeded to the
consideration of the special order, the bill(H.
R. No. 213) making appropriations for the
legislative, executive, and judicial expenses
of the Government for the year ending the 30th
of June, 1867.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill be dispensed with ; and that the
bill be read by paragraphs for amendment.
The CIIAJ ItMAN. If there be no objec-
tion that will be done.
There was no objection; and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read the bill.
Mr. WINIJOM. In line one hundred and
fifty-four, embracing the appropriation for sta-
tionery for the Senate, I move to amend by
striking out "eighteen" and inserting "seven-
teen," so that the line will read:
For stationery, $17,000.
Mr. Chairman, I move this amendment sim-
ply for the purpose of calling attention to the
fact that §17,000 is appropriated for stationery
for the other end of the Capitol, while $18,000
is the amount proposed for us. As there are
about fifty members of the Senate while there
are two hundred members of this House, 1 can-
not see why we need §1,000 more for station-
ery than those fifty Senators. 1 withdraw the
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend, as fol-
lows :
After line one hundred and seventy-seven, on page
8, insert the following:
To enable the Secretary of the Interiorto purchase
of Messrs. Little, Brown <fc Co.. two thousand copies
ofthe thirteenth volume of the United StatesStatutes-
at-Largc, for distribution agreeably to the aets of Con-
gress directing the distribution of the other volumes,
$7,000.
This is merely the usual number of copies.
I think this item has been omitted by accident.
Mr. STEVENS. That is a very proper
amendment. It proposes simply the usual
number. The item was, as the gentleman
supposes, omitted by accident."
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read lines three hundred and thirty-
eight to three hundred and fifty-four, as follows:
For compensation of temporary clerks in the Treas-
ury Department, and for additional compensation to
clerks in the same Department, §160,000: Provided,
That the temporary clerks herein provided for may
be classified according to the character of their ser-
vices : And provided farther, That so much of the
appropriation of $260,000 granted by the act of March
2.1805, for compensation to temporary clerks in the
Treasury Department, and for additional compensa-
tion to clerks in the same Department, as remains
unexpended, shall be divided as follows, to wit: $100
shall be paid to each of the employes in said Depart-
ment whose pay amounts to less than §1.000 per an-
num, and the residue thereof shall be divided per
capita to and among all the clerks in said Department
of the first and second classes.
Mr. STEVENS. Imovethefollowingamend-
ment:
In line three hundred and fifty strike out "em-
ployes" and insert" appointees."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BUNDY. I move to amend, as follows:
In line three hundred and fifty-three, page 15, strike
out after the word "first" the word "and."
In the same line, insert after the word "second"
the words, "and third."
In the same line, insert after the word "classes"
the following words:
Who have not heretofore received any part of the
aforesaid sum of 8230,000.
I understand, Mr. Chairman, that the ori-
ginal appropriation was made for the purpose
of giving additional pay to all the clerks in the
Department, but by some means the distribu-
tion has been made to only the clerks of the
fourth class, the highest grade of clerks. This
bill, as it now stands, provides that the resi-
due of this appropriation shall be apportioned
among the clerks of the first and second classes,
omitting the third class entirely. My amend-
ment proposes that those who have not received
any part of that appropriation shall receive pro
rata their proportion of it. ■
Mr. STEVENS. I must object to this amend-
ment. The amount appropriated by Congress
at the last session was ordered to be distributed
among the clerks and others in the Treasury
Department under the direction of the Secre-
tary of the Treasury. He distributed a portion,
as he tells us in his report, among the clerks
of the highest class and some heads of bureaus.
He has very properly referred to Congress the
further distribution of this extra compensation.
The Committee of Ways and Means, in accord-
ance with this suggestion, have undertaken the
division of the remainder of this fund. After
ascertaining the number of employes in the De-
partment receiving less than $1,000, including
the women, we decided to appropriate to them
$100 apiece; and we found that if the remainder
of the money were divided among the clerks of
the first and second class, each would receive
about one hundred and fifty dollars. We thought
it was better to go no further. Those who
have had $1,600 all along will be much better
off than those who have had only $1,200 and
$1,400, and it was the opinion of the com-
mittee that this ought to be given to the clerks
of smaller salary. It costs as much for them
to live as it does the $1,600 clerks. It does
not bring up the lower clerks to $1,600, butonly
givesthem something for a single year out of
this fund. Therefore I hope the amendment
of my friend will not be adopted.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Do I understand
the gentleman to say none has been paid to the
first and second-class clerks?
Mr. STEVENS. None has gone to the first
and second-class clerks. Some has been paid
to the third-class "clerks, but none to the first
and second class.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I understood some
had been paid to the second-class clerks.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the provision will
be allowed to stand as reported.
Mr. BUNDY. I understand there is quite
a number of third-class clerks who have only
recently been promoted, and who have had no
benefit of any of this increase of salary. They
have been here during the rebellion, are deserv-
ing men, and are as equitably entitled to this
as any one of the first and second-class clerks.
I think my amendment is right, that the residue
shall be apportioned pro rata among those who
have not already received any part of this fund.
I do not see why all of the clerks did not receive
a small part of this fund, but by some manage-
ment or mismanagement only the heads of
bureaus and the higher class of clerks received
any part of it. I now propose to give the res-
idue pro rata among the lower class of clerks,
and those who have received none. I think
my amendment is a just one and hope it will
be agreed to.
Mr. Bundt's amendment was disagreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For compensation of the survey®r general of Wis-
consin and Iowa, and clerks for completing and wind-
ing up the business in his office, §4,800.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I move to
add to that the following:
And such office is hereby abolished.
Mr. Chairman, I supposed that that office
had been abolished long ago. I know we have
made several efforts to do it. There are no
public lands in those States, and there is no
necessity to make this appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. I thought we had abol-
ished it at the last session of Congress.
Mr. ALLISON. I desire to say that the
business there is now being wound up. The
surveys are entirely completed, or will be dur-
ing this fiscal year ; but there are held notes
and other valuable records belonging to this
office which ought to be transferred to the States
of Iowa and Wisconsin. If woundup now they
will have to be transferred to Dakota or St.
Paul, Minnesota, at a cost to the Government
greater than this appropriation.
Mr. STEVENS. Let the appropriation stand,
and let it be provided that when exhausted the
office shall be abolished.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I accept
that as a modification of my amendment.
Mr. ALLISON. I have no objection to that:
but there ought to be some provision for the
transfer of these fiold-note3 and other records.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. That can
be left to the discretion of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office.
Mr. KASSON. I believe there is existing
authority to make that transfer at the discre-
tion of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office when the States are ready to receive the
records. I made some reference to Missouri,
and found the Commissioner was waiting to get
some officar in Missouri to take custody of them.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read, as follows:
For compensation of the surveyor general of the
Territories of Dakota and Montana, and the clerks
in his office, $6,300.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move to amend
by increasing the appropriation to §8,000, and
to provide that one half shall be expended in
Montana Territory. I will say a bill is before
the Committee on Territories which will be re-
ported after awhile to locate the office of a sur-
veyor general of Montana Territory. I will say
further there is not an acre of land yet surveyed
there. A large population has gone into that
Territory last year. I am satisfied this is ne-
cessary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I think the amsnd-
ment should not prevail. It seems there is very
little work for a surveyor general in Dakota, as
I understand he has been here most of the win-
ter, and that the clerk has also been absent.
Mr. BURLEIGH. I desire to suggest that
if the surveyor of Dakota neglects his duty 
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I did not intend to
make such a charge.
_ Mr. BURLEIGH. If he has not discharged
his duty, and the public interest is suffering, he
should be removed and another man should be
put there who will do his duty.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I did not intend to
charge that he had refused to perform his duty,
only to state the fact that he was absent.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My friend from
Iowa [Mr. Wilsox] ought to be well enough
acquainted with that country to know that no
man can do surveying in the winter time.
