1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3423
from the mouth of Ivansas river to tho one hundredth
meridian of longitude shall be made by tlio way of
Lawrence a,nd Topeka, or on the bank of the Kansas
river opposite said towns: Provided, That no bonds
shall be issued or land certified by the United States
to any peison or company for tile construction of any
part of the main trunk line of feaid railway west of
tho one hundredth meridian of longitude, and east
of the Roeky mountains, until said road shall be
completed from or near Omaha, on tho Missouri
river, to the said ono hundredth meridian of longi-
tude."
Mr. STEVENS. That law provided if the
Union Pacific Railroad Company did not hon-
estly prosecute their work, when the Kansas
road reached their part, the Kansas company
might go on and build it. Here, then, you see
what was intended, and this bill gives 110 new
privilege. This bill leaves it precisely where
it was before. Bo I say, sir, there is not one
single thing contained in this bill, so far as the
Kansas route is concerned, that is not con-
tained in the law and supplement, except giv-
ing time to file a map until December.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. The gentleman
will allow me another suggestion. Under that
twelfth section of the act of 18IS4 the Kansas
company would be, as J stated in my first re-
marks, authorized to build (be Union Pacific
railroad from the one hundredth meridian until
they met the California road. Now, sir, that
road was upon the route by way of the Repub-
lican fork. This bill provides they may select
any other route, that is they need not go by the
Republican fork; they need form no connec-
tion.
Mr. STEVENS. The law of 1804 allowed
them to take any other route. If the gentle-
man will read it he will find it lliere.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. That is one of the
grave questions that ought to be discussed.
Mr. STEVENS. No grave question except
the question of sending it to the grave. That
is tho only question there is in it.
Mr. KASSON. Will tho gentleman from
Pennsylvania yield?
.Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir.
Mr. KASSON. I beg leave to say to the
members of the House that from the very in-
ception of the location of the initial point of
the Omaha branch of this railroad, 1 have been
specially and personally interested in this Pa-
cific railroad. I visited Washington and saw
the President in relation to (he establishment
of this initial point of the Omaha branch; and
from that time to this there is no part of it that
has not fallen under m v observation or that lias
not been to me a matter of special interest.
During the last fall I traveled entirely across
the plains on llie Omaha mule and returned by
the Smoky Hill loute, and I have some knowl-
edge of the topography of all that region east
of the Rocky mountains.
Now, I ask the attention of the House to
the provisions of this bill. As regards Ihc
second section of the bill there seems to be no
question at nil. It has been conceded in the
debate in the Senate, which I have examined,
that through somebody's impropriety there was
a forcible violation of the intent of the former
law of Congress touching the construction of
this Union Pacific railroad; that while Con-
gress intended to encourage the rapid con-
struction of the Pacific railroad by providing
that it should be built both from the east and
from the west as rapidly as the two companies
could do it, by some means or* other it was
provided in the report of the committee of
conference that the western portion should not
be permitted to proceed more than one hun-
dred and fifty miles from the eastern boundary
of California. It seems to be conceded that
that was wrong and a violation of the intent
of Congress, and that, it needs to be corrected.
And while nobody disputed that in tho Senate,
i havi' yet to hear any person announce on this
floor his opposition to it. So much for the
Second section. It is admitted that that sec-
tion should be adopted by the House.
And now, in regard to the first section. It
simply provides "that the Union Pacific Rail-
way Company, eastern di\ ision, is hereby au-
thorized to designate the general route of their
said road, and to file a map thereof, as now re-
quired by law," (not as this law provides, but
"as now required bylaw,") "at any time be-
fore the 1st day of December, I860.'1 It sim-
ply fixes the time when they may comply with
the existing law, and nothing more thus far.
It then provides that "upon the filing of the said
map, showing the general route of said road, the
lands along the entire line thereof, so far as the
same may be designated, shall be reserved from
sale by order of the Secretary of the Interior."
What lands? The lands granted by the terms
of the original act. This act does not create
the grant. It makes no grant to the railroad
company. It is the lands to which they are
entitled under the terms of the original grant.
It only provides that these are to be reserved
from sale; not to be granted to the company.
It makes no grant of land at all, but simply
provides for their reservation from sale as soon
as the route shall be located.
Mr. ALLTSON. Will my colleague allow
me to ask a question? 1 understand him to
say that the first section of this bill does not
make an additional grant of land. He may be
correct in that. But I wish to ask him whether
or not under the provisions of this section this
eastern division of the Pacific railroad may not
make a connection with the Union Pacific rail-
road at a point fifty miles beyond Denver city.
Mr. KASSON. I shall come to that as soon
as I reach it in the section.
Mr. ALLISON. Now, it also provides that
they shall have lands within twenty miles on
each side of this road, including mineral lauds.
If that be true, will they not lie entitled to lands
until they unite with tile Pacific railroad, fifty
miles beyond Denver?
Mr. KASSON. I will answer that as I go
on, if the gentleman will allow me, and 1 will
not, omit a point.
This simply provides, as I staled before, that
tho lands are to be reserved from sale. There
is not one word of grant from beginning to end
of the bill. I have taken the pains to com-
pare the printed copy which I hold in my hand
with the written copy on the Clerk's desk, and
it is word for word identical. Now, that being
the fact, that it simply reserves the lands from
sale along this line when the map shall be filed
in the office of the Secretary of the Interior, it
takes no right from the United Stales reserved
under the original grant. West of the point
of divergence, from the route up the Repub-
lican, 1 am sorry to say there are mighty few
lands that will be occupied for years to come
by tillers of the soil. That, t o ray mind, is cer-
tain, fiom personal knowledge of the ground.
The demand for land entries west of that point
will be very limited.
Then comes the proviso to tho first section,
as follows:
J'lovideil, That paid company shall be cntitWl to
only the same amount of the bonds of the United
States to aid m the construction ol their line of rail-
road and telegraph ar, they u ould have been entitled
to if they had connected thou1 said line with the
Union Pacific railroad on the one hundredth degree
of longitude, as now lequircd by law.
Not one dollar of United States bonds addi-
tional is granted to them.
And pmvidrd fui-tkrr, That said company shall
connec I their line of raihoad anil telegraph with tho
Union Pacific raihnad, but not at a point more than
tiUy miles westwardly from the meridian of Denver,
in Colorado.
I have now read the entire first section. The
bill also lias reference to tho fact, as now re-
quired by law, of a connection with the Union
Pacific railroad, but it may be at a point west
of Denver city not exceeding fifty iniles, if they
can find a route that will enable them to do it.
Now, sir, as to the propriety of giving them
this right. I traveled from the lop of the .
snowy range of the Rocky mountains by Den- '
ver city, tip Cherry creek, down the Big Sandy,
and across by the "Cheyenne wells" to the
head of the vallev of the Smoky Hill river,
thence down the Smoky Hill by Forts Ells-
worth and Itiley: and I have only to pay that,
if for this same grant, without one additional
dollar of United States bonds, and with noth-
ing additional but the grant of land, there is
any man or set of men who are willing to take
that land and build that road in preference to
going up the Republican and crossing over the
divide between the Republican and Platte to
the Omaha route, near the one hundredth par-
allel, I say it is a duty we owe to the people
of this country to allow it to be done.
It is not a question of cosf to the United
States. Everybody who has studied the topog-
raphy of that country knows that you cannot
make farms except along the infrequent mar-
gins of the rivers for the whole distance be-
tween the eastern border of the plains and the
foot of the Rocky mountains. Why, sir, even
between Denver and the base of the Rocky
mountains, some fifteen miles, you have no
farms except by the aid of irrigation, where
the water flows through the ditches of the
engineer. It is only thus that they are ena-
bled to supply the requisite moisture for their
wheat and corn.
Now, sir, I will in few words finish what I
have to say, and leave the bill to the care of
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens.]
Mr. DAWES. 1 wish to inquire of the gen-
tleman, if this bill passes, whether this com-
pany may not file a new map anywhere without
any limitation.
Mr. KASSON. They may file a new map
in accordance with the provisions of the law
passed during the last Congress, and with this
limitation, that they must connect with the
Union Pacific railroad at a point not more than
fifty miles westward of Denver city.
Air. DAWES. Is there anything requiring
a connection within fifty miles of Denver city ?
Mr. KASSON. There is a requirement of
a positive connection with that road not more
than fifty miles westward of Denver city.
Mr. DAWES. My printed copy of the bill
is different from yours.
Mr. KASSON. The gentleman's printed
copy is not authentic, as he will find if he will
take the one I have, and which I will pass over
to him for examination, as I am through with
it. I hope he will excuse me from further
interruption, because 1 am occupying the floor '
by the permission of the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Stevexs.]
Now, let tnc add, in conclusion, that it is of
the utmost importance to the interests of the
country that there should be some competi-
tion in the transportation of freight across the
plains to the Rocky mountains. We paid last
year nearly ten million dollars for our military
supplies and freight in connection with opera-
tions against the Indians, the freight being the
principal item. And if we do not allow com-
petition in transportation, the benefit of this
great Pacific railroad lo the people of the Uni-
ted States will lie diminished at least one half.
And that explains why f am in favor of a de-
cent liberality toward these two lines, in order
to increase our facilities for reaching the miners
North and South and supplying their wants.
We want no single great railroad monopoly
of freight and passenger tralfie. Let the vast
mineral regions have the great benefit of com-
petition in supplying all their demands.
Mr. STEVENS resumed the floor.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] yield to me for a mo-
ment?
Mr. STEVENS. How much time have I
left, Mr. Speaker?
Tho SPEAKER. The gentleman has seven
minutes remaining of his hour.
Mr. STEVENS. I cannot yield ; I prefer
to go on. These offers of gentlemen around
me for a little longer time seem to be fair
enough ; and they are especially commended
to my magnanimity when I consider the action
of these gentlemen yesterday. From some
accident, m consequence of mere debility and
indisposition on my part, we had lost what
was our right, and they had gained an unfair
advantage. When we appealed to them to let
this bill take its present position, so that it
might bo considered by the House, these very
gentlemen, ineludingthe gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, [Mr. Dawks,] refused to consent
