1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2463
As the nearest approach to justice which we
are likely to be able to make, I approve of the
second section that bases representation upon
voters. I believe the section is now free from
the objections that killed it in the Senate, and
I have no doubt it will now pass that body.
I am glad to see the fourth section here, which
forever forbids the payment of the rebel debt.
I am quite sure that on the proposition no man
in this House will vote in the negative. Some
may think the section unnecessary, but for
abundant caution, and "to make assurance
doubly sure," let it become a part of the Con-
stitution.
It is to the third section that I wish to call
the attention of the House for a moment. The
gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine] has made
a point against it, which has at least this value;
that whatever may be the intention of the com-
mittee or of the House, the section is least sus-
ceptible of double construction. Some may
say that it revokes and nullifies in part the par-
dons that have already been granted in accord-
ance with law and the proclamations of the
President. Others may say that it does not
affect them, and will not apply to rebels who
have been thus pardoned.
Mr. STEVENS. * Will the gentleman allow
me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. GARFIELD. Certainly.
Mr. STEVENS. I was not perhaps suffi-
ciently explicit in what I said in answer to the in-
terrogatory of the gentleman from Maine, [Mr.
Blaine.] I admit that a pardon removes all
liability to punishment for a crime committed.
But there is a vast difference between punish-
ing for a crime and withholding a privilege.
Nobody will doubt that you may distinguish be-
tween classes in the privileges accorded to them
if yon think their enjoyment would be danger-
ous to the community. While I admit that the
pardon will be full and operative so far as the
crime is concerned, it confers no other advan-
tages than an exemption from ijunishment for
the crime itself.
Mr. GARFIELD. I was about to say that
if the section does not apply to those who have
been pardoned, then it will apply to so small a
number of people as to make it of no practical
value; for the excepted classes in the general
System of pardons form a very small fraction
of the rebels. If the section does apply to
those who have received the pardon, the objec-
tion pf the gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
may be worthy of consideration.
But, without entering into the question of
construction at all, and if there were no doubt
or difference on that score, there are still other
points to which I wish to call the attention of
the House. If the proposition had been that
those who had been in rebellion should be
ineligible to any office under the Government
of the United States, and should be ineligible
to appointment as electors of the President
and Vice President of the United States, or
if all who had voluntarily borne arms against
the United States had been declared forever
incapable of voting for a United States officer,
it would, in my judgment, be far more defensi-
ble. But what is the proposition? It is that—
Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870, all per-
sons who voluntarily adhered to the late insurrection,
giving it aid and comfort, shall be exeiuded from the
right to vote for Representatives in Congress and for
doctors for President and Vice President of the
United States.
Now, Mr. Speaker, this, in my judgment, is
the only proposition in this resolution that is
not bottomed clearly and plainly upon princi-
ple—principle that will stand the test of cen-
turies, and be as true a thousand years hence
as it is to-day. If the persons referred to are
not worthy to be allowed to vote in January
of 1870, will they be worthy in July of that
year? If the franchise were withheld until
they should perform some specific act of loy-
alty, if it were conditioned upon any act of
theirs, it would commend itself as a principle,
but the fixing of an ordinary date, without any
regard to the character or conduct of the par-
ties themselves, i3 indefensible, and will not
commend itself to the judgment of reflecting
men. What is worse, it will be said every-
where that this is purely a piece of political
management in reference to a presidential
election.
Now, I desire that what goes into our Con-
stitution shall be the pure gold, unalloyed,
untainted, having mingled with it nothing that
will not stand the test of the ages. I fear that
the proposition to which I have just referred
might not stand that crucial test.
But, sir, I invite the attention of the House
to another consideration. -Suppose this sec-
tion should become a part of the Constitution,
and suppose that it were entirely defensible as
a matter of principle, I ask gentlemen how it
is to be carried out in practicc. If, under its
operation in eleven States of the Union, nine
tenths, and, in some instances, ninety-nine
hundredths of the adult population are to be
disfranchised for four years, how do you pro-
pose to carry its provisions into practical exe-
cution? Will nine tenths of the population
consent to stay at home and let one tenth
do the voting? Will not every ballot-box be
the scene of strife and bloodshed? It may
well be doubted whether this section can be
carried out except by having a military force
at every ballot-box in eleven States of the
Union. Are you ready to make the South a
vast camp for four years more ? I am ready
to do that or anything else in the way of ex-
pense, if it is necessary as means of securing
liberty and union: but I believe that great re-
sult can be achieved in a less expensive way.
But it is evident to mo that if this section be-
comes a part of the Constitution, it must either
remain a dead letter or we must maintain a
large army to enforce it. 1 do not, therefore,
think it wise or prudent, both for practical
reasons and for reasons of construction, as
suggested by the gentleman from Maine, that
the third section shall stand as a part of the
Constitution in its present form.
I am sure no member of this House will
think that I make this motion with the least
desire to favor or excuse in any way the men
who have been in arms against the Govern-
ment, I trust I do' not need to make such a
disclaimer to any person here, or among Union
men anywhere. But I desire that any propo-
sition which may be submitted by us for ratifi-
cation by the States shall be so grounded in
practical wisdom, that when it is presented to
the American people, any man who votes
against it will need to hide his face in shame.
And there are thousands of men who only need
some little excuse to justify themselves in voting
against this great and good measure, i had
nearly completed a substitute for this section
providing that no person who had voluntarily
adhered to the late insurrection should ever be
eligible to any office under the United States,
but as I have not perfected it I will not present
it now. I hope, however, we may begin by
striking out the section as it now stands.
Is it now in order, Mr. Speaker, to move an
amendment?
The SPEAKER. A motion to amend is not
in order pending a motion to recommit.
Mr. GARFIELD. Then i move that the
resolution be recommitted to the committee,
with instructions to report it back to the House
with the third section stricken out.
Mr. RAYMOND. I inquire whether it will
not be in order to call for a division on the dif-
ferent sections of this amendment. I think
that will lie the better way to test the sense of
the House.
Mr. GARFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I think
when the vote comes to be taken on the motion
to recommit, with instructions to strike out,
the merits of the question will be tested by the
House.
Mr. RAYMOND. I ask whether it will bo in
order to call for a division now, or at any time.
TheSPEAKER. Aresolntioncanbedivided
if each part can stand by itself, but a bill or
joint resolution cannot be divided. It may
be amended. Sometimes the House considers
them section by section. They stand as a whole,
and must be so considered.
Mr. RAYMOND. Can this be considered
section by section ?
The SPEAKER. It has been reported as a
whole and must be acted on as a whole.
Mr. RAYMOND. If this be considered sec-
tion by section, then a two-thirds vote will be
required to carry each section. If amendment
is necessary a majority cau make it.
The SPEAKER. A majority can amend
it, but it will require two thirds to pass it.
Mr. ELD RIDGE. I rise to make an in-
quiry. This being an amendment to the Con-
stitution in three different particulars I ask
whether it will not be required that we shall
vote on them separately. I ask whether we
can amend the Constitution by adding provis-
ions grouped together in the manner in which
these are without voting on each distinct prop-
osition. Do not the Constitution and law
require that they should be so voted on?
The SPEAKER. They do not. The prop-
osition is reported by the committe as a whole,
and although it embrace different provisions,
yet this House and the Senate and the people
will vote on it as a whole.
Mr. GARFIELD. It appeal's, then, tliatmy
motion is the only one that will bring us to a
vote on this subject.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] has the right to with-
draw his motion to recommit, and with the
withdrawal of that motion the instructions
would fall.
_ Mr. GARFIELD. Would I not have the
right to renew the motion?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman could
renew his instructions if the previous question
were not sustained.
Mr. GARFIELD. Would I not have the
right to move to amend if the previous ques-
tion were voted down ?
The SPEAKER. It would then be in order.
Mr. GARFIELD. Now, Mr. Speaker, if
the gentlemen who report this bill will put in
a section, that all who participated in the rebel-
lion shall forever be excluded from the right
of elective franchise, in all cases relating to
national offices, then I will say the proposition
will be just and one we could stand upon as a
matter of principle. Anything is just which
excludes from privilege and power all those
infamous men who participated in rebellion.
The proposition, without any modification, with-
out any limitation, would meet with my approval
as one eminently just, if it could be practically
carricd out. But when you attempt to make
it extend only for a limited period, you thereby
acknowledge that as a principle they ought not
to be excluded except for a limited period. I
am unwilling to admit that proposition. Asa
matter of principle they should either be for-
ever excluded, or allowed to come in when
they comply with such conditions as the loyal
people of this country, through their represent-
atives in Congress may prescribe. I do not
think we can so well stand a mixed proposition
like this.
Mr. DAWES. The gentleman proposes to
submit practical views on this question, and in
that view I ask him by what method the Con-
gress of the United States could carry out that
proposition if it is to deprive these parties of
the right to vote in State affairs without erect-
ing themselves into a tribunal in which to
settle the question itself. I ask in that con-
nection what tribunal is erected either in the
Constitution or laws of the United States by
which to settle the question in the appointment
of electors of President and Vice President?
Is there any tribunal provided either in the
Constitution or the laws of the United States
to test the question, should the time ever come
when the elections of a President and Vice
President depends upon the right of certain
men to vote as electors or members ot the
Electoral College, and yet their right so to vote
be disputed?
It seems to me there is a defect somewhere
in the want of any tribunal known to the Con-
stitution and laws by which you can ever
determine this question, and the time may
