MU
THE' CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
eotrte when the whole nation will be rent in
twain upon that question.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am obliged to the gen-
tleman from Massachusetts. I had noted that
point, and in this running debate was about to
overlook it, that in case this provision should
prevail and there should, come up at the next
presidential election a number of electors from
those eleven States whose vote would deter-
mine the fate of the election, and then in the
Electoral College the question should be raised
whether those electors were chosen by men
who had been in rebellion, what tribunal have
we to decide that question? Have we any
committee of elections provided for in the Elec-
toral College? Have we any court, have we
any tribunal whatever under the Constitution
to which that important question could be re-
ferred?
It is not impossible that this section might
bring us face to face with a new and most dan-
gerous question, the solution of which is not
easy to see.
Mr. SCOFIELD. Will the gentleman yield
for a question?
Mr. GARFIELD. Tes, sir.
Mr. SCOFIELD. The gentleman says that
he will go for an amendment to the Constitu-
tion that shall disfranchise this class forever.
Now, I wish to ask him, if ho should get the
report amended to suit him in that respect,
how is he going to get a tribunal to decide that
question any better than now?
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman's ques-
tion does not involve me in any difficulty. I
did not say I was in favor of putting such a
clause into this amendment in view of all the
circumstances, but I said that that proposition
would bo more just than the present one, and
I would prefer it. There would be practical
difficulties in the way of either proposition, but
more I think in the way of this.
Mr. HOTCHKISS. Will the gentleman
yield?
Mr. GARFIELD. Excuse me: I shall
conclude my remarks in a few moments. My
colleague [Mr. Fivok] denounces this prop-
osition- and the whole scheme of the recon-
struction committee as revolutionary, and calls
upon the South to rally unitedly, and trusts
they will have the manliness to resist it. It is
not the first time that gentlemen on that side
of the House have asked the South to rally
against the North. During the last live years
of bloody war -their voices and their votes here
and their actions elsewhere have been charac-
terized by the sartie spirit, and havcJielped to
unite and rally the South against the Union.
It does not become these men who have so
long pursued these revolutionary schemes
against, liberty to charge this House with being
revolutionary when it is struggling to restore
both liberty and Union to the Republic.
Mr. FiNCLC. Does the gentleman refer to
what I said a few moments ago ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I do.
Mr. FINCK. The gentleman has misstated
what I said. I called upon the South to rally
around the policy of Andrew .Johnson ; noth-
ing about rebellion.
Mr. GARFIELD. Well, Mr. Speaker, how
much difference there is between the gentle-
man's sentiment as I repeated it and as he
himself states it I leave it to the House to
judge. I understood him to call upon the
people of the South to have the manliness to
resist the operations of Congress and of the
great Union party.
Mr. FINCK. I did not use the word
" resist."
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman can con-
sult Ins notes. If he did not use the word he
knows best, and I desire to be corrected if I
misrepresent him. But I understood him to
say that he trusted there was sufficient man-
hood in the people of the South to unite and
resist the revolutionary schemes of this Con-
gress, as he was pleased to denominate them.
-Mr. FINCK. One word. I said I hoped
they-.would have the firmness and manliness
-of spirit to unite and reject this proposed
amendment, which was calculated to subordi-
nate them as States in the Union.
Mr. GARFIELD. They have undertaken
to reject and resist our scheme of restoring the
Union for five years, and they propose now,
and the gentleman by his own confession in-
vites them to continue to unite and rejeet the
scheme of the great Union party and of the
people to build up liberty in this country and
put down traitors and treason everywhere. I
call upon the great Union party to stand to-
gether, and with all their manhood resist the
revolutionary schemes not only of these rebels
at the South, but of their coadjutors and abet-
tors on this floor and everywhere who would
unite with them and trample not only upon the
prostrate body of the Union party, but, as I
believe, of liberty herself. I have done.
Mr. THAYER obtained the floor.
Mr. FINCK. Will the gentleman allow me
just one moment?
Mr. THAYER. I will yield to the gentle-
man for a moment.
Mr. FINCK. I desire to say to my col-
league, for whom I have the highest respect,
that in my judgment there is but one party in
this country that is a disunion party, and he
belongs to it. [Laughter on the Republican
side of the House.]
Mr. GARFIELD. I am willing to stand by
my record as a Union man.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, the proceed-
ings of the House to-day will, I trust, silence,
at once and forever, the clamorous calumnies
which have been industriously propagated by
designing persons ever since this Congress
convened, in which it was asserted that this
Congress had no intention of taking any steps
the object of which was the restoration of peace
and concord to this whole country.
There have been persons, sir, very wise in
their own conceit, great builders of States in
their own judgment, and great law-makers, if
their own opinions are to be received as truth,
who have supposed that the .great work upon
which this Congress has entered was a work
which might be accomplished with as much
facility as a justice of the"peace would dispose
of an insignificant ease in his court; and who
saw, in the subject which engages the attention
of this House, a matter of no grander dimen-
sions than those which characterize the ordi-
nary legislation of Congress. In the opinion
of these persons the accumulated ruin of four
years of civil war was to be remedied in an hour;
States which were disorganized and rent from
the parent Government by organized secession :
by the deliberate and solemn act, of conventions
of the people; by the passage of laws during
a period of four years ; by the formation ot
new local governments ; and by the exercise
of every defaclo sovereign power, were, in the
opinion of these wiseacres, to be regenerated
and restored to their normal relations to the
Government, whoselaws they had overthrown
and trampled under foot, with as much facility
as you would pass the most unimportant bill,
and with as little delay as it would require to
call the yeas and nays in this House.
Let the American people, Mr. Speaker,
i understand, as I doubt not they do generally
understand, the magnitude of the ruin which
has been caused by the rebellion, and they
will comprehend the labors and the difficul-
ties which attend the reconstruction of those
old relations of loyalty and fidelity to the Con-
stitution which once'characterized these States.
Sir, for one, I have never lost my faith in
the wisdom and discretion of the able commit-
tee to whom, at the outset of this Congress,
this most important subject was co.mmitted.
For one, I have not doubted that as soon as it-
could be accomplished, within as short a com-
pass of time as the nature of the subject and
the extent of the labors devolved upon them
would permit, they would present to this House
some scheme upon which the loyal people of
the country might unite to effect a perfect res-
toration of peace.and harmony throughout the
United. States. To the scheme which they have
presented for that purpose, with the exception
of one feature contained in it, and upon which I
will presently remark, I am prepared, after due
deliberation, to give my cordial assent and ap-
proval. The exception to which I refer is the
provision of the third section of the proposed
amendment to the Constitution.
With regard to the first section of the pro-
posed amendment to the Constitution, I cannot
conceive that any loyal man can hold any othe.r
view upon that subject than that which is indi-
cated in the proposed amendment. _ The Con-
stitution of the United States apportioned Rep-
resentatives and direct taxes among the several
States according to their respective numbers,
and ordained that those numbers should be de-
termined by adding to the whole number of free
persons, including those held to service for a
term of years and Indians not taxed, thre.e
fifths of all other persons. So stood the Con-
stitution at the commencement of the rebellion.
By that instrument three fifths of the class of
persons known as slaves were counted in the
enumeration which fixed the basis of represen-
tation in this House.
How stands the Constitution now? Why,
sir, the literal application of the Constitution
to the present state of affairs makes this late
slave population of the rebel States count in
the representation in this body, not as three
fifths, but as five fifths. Will any man say that
that was contemplated by the framers of the
Constitution? Will any man say that it was
within the intention of the framers of that in-
strument that the late slaves in-this country
should, by an unforeseen state of public affairs,
under a provision which enacted that thej
should count in the basis of representation as
three fifths, come to count as five fifths, while
at home they are counted politically as nothing?
Yetthis is what isproposedby those who oppose
this amendment. It seems to me no man can
maintain that proposition upon any principle
of justice or sound political reasoning- What
number of Representatives will this bring into
this Chamber from the rebel States by way of
increase over the former number that came
here under the terms of the Constitution?
About thirteen members. Is it not preposter-
ous that after all the trials, the sacrifices, the
sufferings, and the hardships caused by this
great war for the Union the result of the suc-
cess of the Government should be the increase
of representation in this House on the part of
those who made the rebellion, by adding thir-
teen members which they had not before the
war ? Is there a man here who dare go before
the northern people and tell them that they are
to be rewarded for the losses and sufferings
which they have sustained by having thirteen
additional members admitted into this body
from the rebel States. I want to see the north-
ern constituency that will send a Representa-
tive here who declares in plain terms that that
is just and that he is in favor of it.
Now, I ask gentlemen on the other side of
the House why that should be done. If you
say that this largo class of persons have been
transformed from their late condition of chat-
tels to a condition in which they constitute a
part of the element of the political fabric, then
J can conceive that having added that much in
population to the thinking, voting men of the
southern States, it would be just and proper
that that addition should be represented in this
body. But we all know that such is not the
ease. In those States themselves the late
slaves do not enter into the basis of local rep-
resentation. In South Carolina they do not
enter into the basis of representation in the
Legislature of that State. And anybody who
will read the new constitution of South Caro-
lina will see that such is the case.
Would it not be a most unprecedented thing
that when this _ population are not permitted
where they reside to enter into the basis of
representation in their own State, we should
receive it as an element of representation here;
that when they will not count them in appor-
tioning their own legislative .districts, .we are
to count them as fire fifths (nojonger as three
fifths, for that.is,out of thecjuestion) as soon as
