3424
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
June 2%,
to it, a thing I never before saw perpetrated
upon any member of this House. And now
those gentlemen ask us to be magnanimous,
and allow tbem to have some advantage which
they have not and to which they are not
entitled.
Sir, as I have already said, and as has been
stated by the gentleman from. Iowa, [Mr. Kas-
son,] this bill asks for nothing bat what is fair
and just; and I honestly believe all these prop-
ositions for delay are intended merely to defeat
the bill. I believe these efforts are not intended
to secure the amendment and improvement of
the bill, but to secure its final defeat; and I
therefore feel no difficulty in taking the course
I do. Sir, when a measure is before this House
affecting the interests of the whole country,
affecting the great thoroughfares through Mis-
souri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, and all those
States, and I hear gentlemen say that it does
not go to Chicago'—in fact saying, " If it does
not go to Chicago I am opposed to it; but if it
does go there 1 am for it;" when I hear that
style of argument I cannot understand what
magnanimity those gentlemen can expect. It
is a mere question of interest, a mere gouging,
like boys playing at marbles, in order to see
which one shall get the advantage of the other,
instead of the legislation of the Congress of the
United States for a great nation. When I see
such sentiments as these acted upon, and gen-
tlemen, honorable gentlemen, attempting to
hold an advantage which was got by accident,
as it was in this case, I cannot understand how
it is that those offers have any other object
than that which they attempted on yesterday,
in my judgment, to carry out so unfairly. I
therefore call the previous question on the bill.
Mr. PRICE. Will the gentlemaji yield to
me for a moment?
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman must ex-
cuse me.
Mr. PRICE. I want to state to this House
that this bill has never been printed.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not yield.
The question was taken upou seconding the
previous question ; and upon a division there
were—ayes 71, noes 32.
So llio previous question was seconded and
the main question ordered ; and under the oper-
ation thereof the bill was read the third time.
The question was on the passage of the bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I call the previous ques-
tion.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. ALLISON. 1 ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 98, nays 30, not vot-
ing 48; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Aneona, Anderson, Delos II. Ash-
ley, James M. Ashley, Barker, Bearaan, Benjamin,
Bergen, Bidwell, Bingham, Blow, Boycr, Biomwell,
Broomall. Buekland, Bundy, Sidney Clarke. Cobb,
CofFroth.Conkling. Cullom, Dawson, Denison, Dixon.
Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Bckley, Eggleston, Farqu-
har, Finck, Glossbi cuner, Goodyear, Glider, Griswold,
Hale, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hayes. Henderson,
Higby. Hogan, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hubbard, De-
inas llubbaul, Hulburd.Kasson.Kelley,Kelso,Kerr,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, George V. Lawrence,
William Lawrence, Le Blond, Long.vear, Marshall,
Marvin, MeCIurg, MeCullough, McKee. MeRucr,
Mereur, Mooihead, Morris. Moulton, Myers, Nib-
lack, Nicholson. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Samuel J.
Randall, Bitter, Ross, Rousseau, Scofield, Shanklin,
Shellabarger, Sitsreaves, Smith, Stevens, Stilwcll,
Thayer. Francis Thomas, John L.Thomas, Thorn-
ton, Trimble, Trowbridge. Upson. Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Uorn. Ward, Henry 1). Washburn.
Welkcr. Whaley, and Winiield—98.
NAYS — Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Baldwin,
Banks, Blaine, Boutweli, Cook. Davis. Dawes, Dem-
ing, Eldridge, Ehot, Grinncll, Holmes, Hooper, Hum-
phrey, Julian. Loan, Marston, Patteison, Perham,
Pike, Price, Radford, Alexander H. Rice, John II.
Rice, Rollins, Sawyer. Spalding, Taylor, Warner,
William B. Washburn, Wentworth, James F. Wilson,
and Windom—36.
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Baker, Baxter, Bran-
degce, Cbanler, Header W. Clarke, Culver, Darling,
Defrces, Delano, Dodge, Farnsworth, Ferry, Gar-
field, AbnerC. Harding, Ilart. Hill, Asahel \Y. Hub-
bard, John II. Hubbard, lidwin N. Ilnbbell, James
R. Ilubbell. l'ngersoll, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones,
Ketcham, Lynch, Molndoo, Miller, Moirill, Newell,
Noell, Pbelps, Plants, Pomeroy, William H. Randall,
Raymond, Rogers-, Sobenek, Sloan, Starr, Strouse,
Taber, Van Aernam, Elihu B. Washburne, Williams,
Stephen F. Wilson, Woodbridge, and Wright—18.
So the bill was passed.
During the call of the roll,
Mr. MILLER said: On this question I am
paired with the gentleman from Illinois, Mr.
Ingersoll. If he were here he would vote
for the bill, while I should vote against it.
The result of the vote was annouced as
above stated.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed -h and also moved
that the motion.to reconsider be laid on the table.
The lattpr motion was agreed to.
clerical force 01" interior department.
Mr. ICASSON. Mr. Speaker, I desire——
The SPEAKER. The House some time ago
resolved to proceed to the consideration of
business on the Speaker's table, and is now
outraged in the execution of that order.
Mr. KASSON. I desire to report a bill from
the Committee on Appropriations.
The SPEAKER. That is in order.
Mr. KASSON. I report back from the Com-
mittee on Appropriations, with an amendment
in the nature of a substitute, Senate bill No.
282, entitled "An act to reorganize the clerical
force of the Department of the Interior, and
for other purposes."
Mr. SPALDING. I trust that the gentle-
man will not ask the House to take action on
that bill, at present. It will occupy consider-
able time; and I think we ought to dispose of
the business on the Speaker's table.
Mr. KASSON. I do not propose that the
House shall take action on the bill at the pres-
ent time. I move that the bill be recommitted,
and that the substitute reported by the com-
mittee be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
ATCIIISON, TOrUKA, AND SANTA FJE RAILROAD.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was Senate bill No. 320, entitled "An act to
amend an act entitled 'An act for a grant of
lands to the State of Kansas in alternate sec-
tions, to aid in the construction of certain rail-
roads and telegraphs in said State,' approved
March 3, 1863."
The bill was read a first and second time.
_ Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I de-
sire that this bill shall be considered at the
present time.
The bill, which was read at length, provides
that whenever it shall be deemed impractica-
ble or inexpedient to construct any portion of
the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe railroad
in the manner required by the act of March 3,
1863, and whenever the Governor of the State
of Kansas shall certify to the Secretary of the
Interior that upon such portion, in lieu thereof,
the railroad company have constructed a road
suitable for the running of a steam traction
engine with its train of cars over the same, the
grant of lands made in the act of March 3,1863,
shall be confirmed to the State for the purpose
of aiding in the construction of the road, and
in all other respects as in that act provided.
The amount of lands granted in the act, when
applied to the construction of such steam trac-
tion road, is to be three alternate sections of
land per mile, designated by odd numbers, on
each side of the road; and patents are to issue
upon the completion of every twenty miles of
road upon the certificate of the Governor.
The second section authorizes and empow-
ers the company to construct the roadway from
the boundary line of the State of Kansas,
through the Territories of the United States,
on the most eligible route to Santa Fe, in the
Territory of New Mexico, and to such Govern-
ment forts in that Territory as the President
of the United States may approve. There is
granted to the company tiio right of way through
the public domain to the extent of twohnudred
feet on each side of the road. And for the
purpose of aiding in the construction of the
roadway and its equipment, and to secure the
safe and speedy transmission of the mails,
troops, munitions of war, and supplies over the
road, the same amount of land, not mineral,
(but not excluding iron or eoal,) is granted to
the company as is provided in the first section
of the act, and upon the same terms and con-
ditions, but upon the certificate of a commis-
sioner. appointed by the Secretary of the Inte-
rior, that the conditions have been complied
with.
It is provided in the third section that the
grants are made only upon condition that the
road shall be constructed in a substantial and
workmanlike manner, with all necessary cul-
verts, bridges, viaducts, crossings, stations, and
watering places, and other appurtenances, in-
cluding engines and cars sufficient to move not
less than fifty tons, or two hundred passengers,
in one train, at a rate of six miles an hour.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Mr.
Speaker, I think that this bill ought to be re-
ferred to the Committee on Public Lands; and
if it be in order, I will make that motion.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Mich-
igan [Mr. Trowbridge] is entitled to the floor.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I desire
to explain briefly the provisions of this bill and
the reasons in favor of its passage.
In 1863 a grant of land was made to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
a railroad from the city of Atchison, in that
State, to Santa Fc, in the Territory of New
Mexico. That was a grant of ten sections to
the mile. It has been discovered by a company
who have taken those lands from the State of
Kansas that on that route there are four or five
hundred miles of treeless desert over which it
has been decided it, is altogether impracticable
to build a railroad. The company have pro-
posed to put upon that route, over that portion
where a railroad cannot be constructed, what
is called a steam traction engine; that is, an
engine capable of running upon an ordinary
dirt road or a macadamized road without the
necessity for rails.
This bill proposes to reduce the grant of
land from ten sections per mile to six sec-
tions per mile. But the company are not to
receive this grant till they have built and
equipped the road in such a manner that a
train of fifty tons or two hundred passengers
can pass over it at the rate of six miles an
hour. I may remark, in passing, that the
bridges for this road will cost as much as the
ordinary railroad bridges, for this traction en-
gine is much heavier than an ordinary loco-
motive engine. This grant of land is no greater
than grants which Congress has heretofore on
several occasion made for the construction of
ordinary wagon roads. The land proposed to
be granted is the same which has heretofore
been granted to this company for the con-
struction of a railroad ; but the amount of the
grant is now reduced.
It is claimed by competent authorities that
these steam traction engines are no longer
an experiment; that they have actually been
proved to be a success. I have here some
testimony on the subject which I will read. A
London scientific journal, devoted to engineer-
ing, remarks in a recent number:
"It should be even more widely known than per-
haps it is, that traction engines are now working in
all parts of the kingdom, and that when sent from
the makers to the purchasers, at distances of even
one hundred to five hundred miles, they always go
on their own steam. They work both up and down
inclines as steep as o.nc in six, and often go over
ground where horses would sink. They are employed
in the Government dock-yards, and by the large
engineers for hauling weights up to forty tons ; and
we last week gave an account of the removal of a
great block of Cornish granite, intended for the base
oftho Wellington memorial at Straitlifieldsaye, a total
load ot forty tons, hauled for some miles by a ti action
engine." « * * * " Wo cannot but think
that, with so many of these engines now at work, the
time is not distant when some of the present restric-
tions upon the use of steam on common roads will
bo removed."
A later number of the same journal, describ-
ing the operation of one of the traction engines,
remarks:
"We have had these engines in all sorts of diffi-
culties—hills such as traction engines were never
befoie taken at, bad roads, over whieli they have
