1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess. *
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
have profited and obtained wealth and influence
through hidden mal-practices, is often a diffi-
cult as wellasan ungracious task; butno officer
who faithfully discharges his duty can be aware
of misdemeanors or crimes of this character,
and fail to expose or not strive to correct them.
, The most efficient remedy for this state of
things within the power of the Department has
been applied in the transfer of the few remain-
ing agencies to paymasters who receive no per-
centage but perform their duties under the re-
sponsibility of their commissions, and may be
subject to court-martial for delinquency, or
summarily removed to other duty when the pub-
lic interest may require it.
military and naval asylum.
The act of March 3, 1865, "to incorporate
a national military and naval asylum for the
relief of the totally disabled officers and men
of the volunteer forces of the United States,"
should it ever go into effect, will be likely to
operate injuriously to the naval service. It is
not desirable that a military and naval asylum
should be blended in one establishment. The
tastes, pursuits, characteristics, and habits of
the sailor and the soldier are so dissimilar that
they will scarcely be made to harmonize, espe-
cially when age and infirmity are upon them.
The experience andpractice of all Governments
admonish us that the asylums or homes for these
two classes should be separate and distinct.
The soldier would be satisfied with a location
in the interior, butthesailor would wish to spend
his declining years in view of the ocean and on
its shores.
It would be better that the Army and Navy
should each have its own asylum, and it is re-
spectfully recommended that whatever funds
may remain in the Treasury from fines or other
causes specified in the fifth section of the act
referred to, shall bo set apart, not for one asy-
lum, but for the two branches of the service.
I would recommend that all fines, forfeitures,
&c., derived from naval officers or seamen may
inure to the benefit of the men of the Navy, ir-
respective of the asylum indicated in the act of
last March, which is more appropriatelyadapted
to the Army.
home for sailors.
At aperiod when the hearts of the people are
filled with gratitude to our sailors for the ser-
vices which they have rendered, the opportu-
nity is fitting to propose, not only further pro-
vision for the disabled of the past, but also to
provide against the casualties of the future. A
home for sailors exclusively, with arrangements
for such of them as have families, would, if
practicable, be most satisfactory, doubtless, to
this deserving, loyal, and heroic class.
If Congress shall sanction the removal of
the Naval Academy to some more ample and
suitable location, the grounds and buildings at
Annapolis could, with but slight additional ex-
pense, be converted into a home for the sailors.
For health, salubrity of climate, and vicinity to
the water, the location is all that could be de-
sired for such a purpose. While this measure
would provide for those who may be disabled
in the line of their duty, the Naval Asylum at
Philadelphia will continue to receive the aged
and infirm, who, through a long and faithful
career, have earned a title to the home which
receives them.
educating seamen.
The man-of-war's man of the present day has
all the noble and generous qualities of the sailor
of former times, and has neither deteriorated in
courage, in ability or skill in handling his guns,
nor in devotion to his flag. He is not the sea-
roan he was before the introduction of steam,
but his qualities are of as high an order; and
since the lash and intoxicating drinks have been
expelled from the service, the morale and dis-
cipline of the man-of-war of these days is an
improvement on the past.
In order that the progress of the age may
enlighten the path of the .sailor, it is important
that a thorough system of enlisting and instruct-
ing apprentices should be put in operation. The
Government desires to obtain a sufficient num-
ber of the best boys in the country for appren-
tices, and to effect this the service must be made
attractive. The assurance that a certain num-
ber of apprentices who are most capable and
most deserving will be promoted annually would
be found a strong incentive and inducement.
Parents will be disposed to place only unman-
ageable boys in a service which subjects them
to the life of a sailor and holds out no prospect
of promotion. We shall struggle in vain to
elevate or greatly ameliorate the future of the
sailor, so long as the enlisted person is pro-
scribed from advancement, and denied all hope
of ever becoming a commissioned officer in the
Navy.
There are now by law two appointments of
midshipmen at the Naval Academy from each
congressional district. It is recommended that
hereafter there shall be but one appointed under
the present system from each district, and that
the other shall be taken from among the naval
apprentices who have served two years on board
of a practice-ship. The records of the two
years' service will show which of the naval
apprentices are most proficient, and the most
deserving will have earned the privilege of being
transferred to the Naval Academy, to be edu-
cated at the public expense for the higher du-
ties of the profession.
The youths thus selected will be the most
meritorious among several thousand, and a few-
years' experience will determine whether those
thus selected are superior or inferior to those
appointed from the districts under the present
system.
The fact that the higher grades in the Navy
will bo open to enlisted boys, under a system
which will elevate the most worthy to be com-
missioned or warrant officers, will attractto the
Navy an abundance of the best boys who have
aptitude for sea service.
This system will do away with improper
favoritism which tends to demoralization, and
recognizes the right of the enlisted apprentice
to reach the highest honor, provided he proves
himself worthy.
property captured and destroyed.
Naval men, while animated with the noblest
feelings of patriotism, and ready to sacrifice
their lives for their country whoso integrity was
imperiled, were impressed at first with the con-
viction that to them, professionally, the war
would offer but limited opportunity, for the
rebels were not a commercial people, nor ad-
dicted to maritime pursuits. No naval conflicts
were anticipated, and it was supposed very few
captures would be made, but the efforts of the
insurgents, cut off from foreign supplies, and
tins attempts of unscrupulous foreign adventur-
ers to violate the blockade, have rewarded na-
val vigilance and fidelity with a large number
of prizes, many of them of great value. It is a
gratifying circumstance that these prize captures
have mured to the benefit of the naval service
instead of privateers—differing in this respect
from previous wars.
The number of vessels captured and sent to
the courts for adjudication from May 1. 1861,
to the close of the rebellion, is 1,151, of which
there were: steamers, 210; schooners, 569;
sloops, 130: ships, 13; brigs and brigantines,
29; barks, 25; yachts, 2; small boats, 139; rebel
rams and iron-clads, (>; rebel gunboats, torpedo
boats, and armed schooners and sloops, 10;
class unknown, 7—making a total of 1,149.
The numbers of vessels burned, wrecked,
sunk, and otherwise destroyed during the
same time were: steamers, 85; schooners,
114; sloops, 32; ships, 2; brigs, 2; barks, 4;
small boats, 96; rebel rams, 5; rebel iron-
clads, 4; rebel gunboats, torpedo boats, and
armed schooners and sloops, 11—total, 355;
making the whole number of vessels captured
and destroyed 1,504. During the war of 1812
the naval vessels, of which there were 301 in
service at the close, made but 291 captures.
There were 517 commissioned privateers, and
their captures numbered 1,428. That war was
with a nation haying the greatest commerce on
the globe. During the recent war we have had
no privateers afloat, and the rebels had but &
limited commerce from which the prizes of
the Navy could be made. Nearly all the cap-
tures of value were vessels built in so-called
neutral ports, and fitted out and freighted in
the jiorts of a Government with which we had
treaties and were on friendly terms, which had
publicly pledged itself to a strict neutrality,
and manifested its sincerity, so far as we wer«
concerned, by withdrawing hospitality to out
national vessels.
The gross proceeds of property captured
since the blockade was instituted, ana Con-
demned as prize prior to the 1st of November}
amount to$21,829,543 98; costs and expenses,
$1,010,223 90; net proceeds for distribution,
$20,501,927 69. There are a .number of im-
portant cases still before the courts, which will
largely increase these amounts.
The value of the 1,149 captured vessels willnot
beloss than $24,500,000, and of the 355 vessels
destroyed at least §7,000,000, making a total
valuation of not less than $31,500,000, much of
which was British property, engaged in unneu-
tral commerce, and so justly capturcd and con-
demned.
navai, pension fund.
The naval pension fund, at the present time,
amounts to $9,000,000, to which another mil-
lion of dollars, at least, is to be added on
the 1st of January next. There was received
in July last, as interest, in currency, the sum of
$292,783 59. This fund is wholly derived from
the Government's share in the proceeds of cap-
tured and condemned prize property ; most of
it was foreign capital, embarked in foreign
bottoms to aid the insurgents. The income
from this source will, if rightly husbanded, be
ample to meet the requirements of the Govern-
ment for the payment of naval pensions, with-
out any tax upon the people.
pensions.
On the 1st of November, 1806, the Navy pen-
sion roll was as follows:
931 invalids, with annual pensions amounting
to .......$68,587 50
1,096 widows and orphans, annually receiv-
ing    179,942 00
2,027 persons, receiving the amount of $248,529 50
Being an increase during the year of 418
persons, receiving pensions amounting to
$58,870 40.
I again call attention to an unjust discrimi-
nation against pensioners who have lost both
hands or feet, or both eyes, in the naval ser-
vice. The act of July 4, 18C4, gives increased
pensions where such injuries accrue to those in
the military service; but as the lav/is construed
not to include persons in the naval service, it. is
believed that its operation is not what was in-
tended by Congress. There arc also several
grades of naval officers for whom no provision
is made, and it is suggested that the pension
act should be revised with a view to include them.
increase or salaries.
The present compensation of our naval offi-
cers is insufficient for their support and for those
necessary expenses which they are compelled
to incur. Only a small portion of the life of a
naval officer is spent at home with his family,
and not an inconsiderable part of it is_ passed
abroad on foreign stations, where, when in com-
mand, he is under the necessity of exercising
a liberal hospitality in the interchange of those
courtesies which promote friendly feelings and
give character to the service and the country.
While giving their time and thoughts, and, if
required, their lives to their country, these gal-
lant men should not be harassed with appre-
hensions that their families are suffering and m
want, in consequence of the limited pay which
is granted them by their Government. The
enhanced prices of the necessaries of life, which
