1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1501
merit. Deprive this nation of that resource
and we at once begin a downward tendency;
but keep the agricultural interest advancing
and we continue on the high road to prosper-
ity. The distribution of seeds procured from
different parts of the world must of necessity
result advantageously to this country. It may
be when they are sent to one portion of the
country they are not so advantageous as when
sent to another portion. But a better system
of distribution, which can be carried on in no
other way than by departments, I say must re-
Suit advantageously to this country.
I hope there will be no effort made to abolish
this Department. On the contrary, I hope the
appropriation will be considered necessary.
If we have not a suitable head for that Depart-
ment already, one should be placed there, and
its means should be made adequate to the agri-
cultural wants of the country. It should be a
great emporium where should be collected rare
and valuable seeds for dissemination, and from
which agricultural information should be pub-
lished.
I will say further, that jthe Committee on
Agriculture have in charge a resolution in-
structing thorn to send for persons and papers
and to investigate the accounts of the Depart-
ment of Agriculture. The matter is discretion-
ary with the committee to make the inquiry;
and if they deem it necessary they will prose-
cute it.
I make 110 charges against that Department.
I have heard complaints. I have listened to
many, but T have made no charges. Nor do I
feel warranted until investigations have been
made in making any. But I do insist that this
Government, with all its varied interest's, will
not consider the agricultural interest as an in-
ferior oife. For I do assure the House that if
there is one interest greater than another it is
the agricultural intenpst. All the mines of the
West and of the Pacific slope, great and incal-
culably rich as they must be, pale in the pres-
ence of the agricultural interest of this country.
I hope, therefore, that the appropriation will
not be diminished, nor that any steps will be
taken to abolish that Department.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Chairman, my col-
league on the Committee on Agriculture has
presented a resolution which was adopted by the
committee, and I hope that it will be adopted
by the House.
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair would inform
the gentleman that the amendment referred to
is nut yet offered. It was read merely for in-
formation. It is not germane as an amend-
ment to the pending amendment of the gentle-
man from Illinois, [Mr. Parssworth,] which is
to strike out the words "and flower seeds."
Mr. GRINNELL. What I wish to say is,
I hope it may bo adopted. I hope we shall not
continue circulating and distributing such very
common seeds as cucumber, squash, carrot,
and seeds of that, kind. I have here the report
of the Commissioner of Agriculture in which he
says the purchase of seeds will require $32,000,
and the labor for putting up the seeds will cost
$38,000. making in all 870,000. Now, it seems
to me the expense of putting them up is en-
tirely disproportionate, and I think it is not
becoming the House to sanction such an ex-
penditure as that in putting up these seeds.
1 would rather the money should be appropri-
ated in procuring and disseminating informa-
tion among the agriculturists of the country,
getting up specimens, and enlightening them
in regard to their own interests. I state this
because I think it is the universal sentiment.
I have not heard any gentleman express him-
self iu favor of continuing the distribution of
these very common seeds. I hope therefore
this amendment will be adopted.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Farxswoutii, it was not agreed to.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsylvania. I move
to insert at the end of line seven hundred and
seventy-five the following:
Provided, That the Commissioner of Agriculture
shall only puichase ami distribute with the fund
herein appropriated for that purchase, such seeds as
39th Coxa. 1st Sess.—jSTo. 95.
are rare and uncommon to the country or such as can
be made moie profitable by frequent changes from
one part of our own country to another.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I move in line
seven hundred and eighty-five to strike out
"eight" and insert "four;" so that the appro-
priation will read:
For experimental garden in reservation Ho. 2,
$4,800.
I am not disposed to make any general as-
sault upon the Agricultural Bureau. The peo-
ple of the country obtain a great deal of valua-
ble information from the reports which come
from that bureau. But, sir, in relation to this
particular item of expenditure, I am led to
believe that there is a degree of extravagance
which ought not for a single moment to be
tolerated by this House. I find on examina-
tion of the report which has been submitted
to the House by the Commissioner of Agricul-
ture that during the year 18G5, for the single
item of keeping horses, in connection with this
little experimental garden, he-expended no
less than Si,180. He also paid during the
same year for horse hire about $300, for stable
rent $224, and for plowing forty dollars, mak-
ing the expenditures in connection with this
experimental garden something over $2,000,
an amount sufficient to carry on one of the
largest farms in the Stale of Illinois. I want
to know from the Committee on Appropria-
tions or from the Committee on Agriculture
whether these expenditures are to be tolerated
in connection with this experimental garden.
These items of expenditure that I have re-
ferred to are found in his report.
Mr. FARNSWORTH. Will the gentleman
tell us what is raised in that experimental
garden?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not know
anything about that. A very large sum of
money has been expended in connection with
that garden, and I presume the products raised
there must have been of immense value.
Mr. BERGEN. Can the gentleman stale
the size of the garden ?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. About eight
acres.
Mr. BERGEN. I understand there is a large
plot of ground in addition to that which is cul-
tivated.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not know
but that there may be twenty of these experi-
mental gardens. I think the amount of money
expended is sufficient to carry on thai number.
Mr. THAYER. What have been the results
of the experiments?
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I do not know
that it has yielded anything. I do not find
that it has returned anything to the Treasury.
And I find in addition to the expenses to which
I have referred, that Isaac Newton himself has
received, during the last year, for horse hire,
the sum of §370, in addition to the items I have
named. Now, I wish to know from the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, or from the Committee
on Appropriations, why it is that these large
expenditures are made ?
Mr. WHALEY. Mr. Chairman, I wish to
say a few words only in replvto the gentleman.
During the four years that I have been here, no
appropriation has come up at any time, or in
any bill, designed to sustain the agricultural in-
terests of the country, that has failed to bring
some gentlemen to their feet to oppose it. The
Commissioner of Agriculture, it seems, has
kept himself, in this instance, within the limit
of a few hundred dollars. We can vote mil-
lions on millions for other purposes, but when
it comes to a few liuudreds lor agricultural pur-
poses we hear this clamor. I have full confi-
dence in the chairman of the Committee on
Appropriations, as well as in the committee.
They have looked into this matter carefully,
and for one, I am tired of these assaults upon
the agricultural interests of the country.
Mr. STEVENS. Let me say to the gentle-
man that the Committee on Appropriations eat
down the estimates sent to us by the Depart-
ment $20,000.
Mr. WHALEY. The gentleman from Iowa
admits that this appropriation only involves a
few hundred dollars. The men of the North-
west have supported you when you have brought
up bills here for the benefit of the industry of
the East, and have voted millions away. Sir,
I hope that this opposition to the agricultural
interest will cease, and that every man upon
this floor will come to the conclusion that it is
necessary to support the great agricultural in-
terests of the country, let who will be at the head
of the Department of Agriculture. If the head
ofthe Departments not competent, if that is the
objection, exercise your influence in another
way, and correct the evil. fCries of " Good 1"
"Good!"]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I wish to make
but a single remark in reply to the gentleman
from West Virginia. He says he is tired of
this thing. I should think he would be tired
of it, ana I should think the Commissioner of
Agriculture would be far more tired of it than
the gentleman from West Virginia. I find, on
looking over his report, which ought to receive
the careful attention of every member here,
that Mr. Et al. figures very extensively in the
expenditures. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHALEY. I was not debating the
report.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I find that Mr.
Et al. is one of the most popular men, and
has received more money than any other per-
son, according to this report. I do not know
who he is. I presume he is some gentleman
with whom the Commissioner of Agriculture is
familiar, some friend of his, or of the gentle-
man from West Virginia. [Laughter.]
Mr. WHALEY. You will excuse me if I
reply now.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. I cannot yield
just now.
Air. WHALEY. Just a moment. I want to
make an explanation.
Mr. IlUBBAlll), of Iowa. Well, I will give
the gentleman a moment.
Mr. WHALEY. I ask the gentleman's par-
don, and that of the Chair, for saying a moment
since that I was not debating the report. I
had forgotten I had not the floor. [Laughter.]
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. Lot me make a
single additional remark. I do not make this
motion for the purpose of assailing the Com-
missioner of Agriculture, or of making any
attack whatever upon that bureau. I regard
that bureau as of very great value and impor-
tance to the country, provided it is properly
managed and conducted ; but in my estimation
there is most unpardonable extravagance in
connection with this experimental garden that
ought not to be tolerated. The report to which
I have alluded shows it, and for that reason I
have made my motion in regard to the partic-
ular items I have named. I believe that the
sum of $4,000, if managed with proper econ-
omy, is amply sufficient to carry on the business
of that, garden.
Mr. BID WELL. I wish to say that by a
resolution of the House information was called
for from the Commissioner of Agriculture: and
that information was sent to the House and
ordered to be printed and referred to the Com-
mittee on Agriculture. That committee was
also instructed to investigate the subject, to
send for persons and papers if necessary, and
to ascertain whether the report made by the
Commissioner of Agriculture was correct and
proper.
But I do not think it right to attack the Com-
missioner of Agriculture by simple assertion
without one particle of proof. The committee
are willing to investigate and report to the
House, whether the result bo favorable or un-
favorable to the Commissioner. But until his
report has been shown to be wrong, and his
expenditures extravagant, I do not think it
right to attack him here.
Mr. WHALEY. I hope the committee will
indulge me for a moment, for, as every mem-
ber will bear witness, I have occupied but very
little of the time of the House during the
present session.
