442
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Jariuiiry 26,
to pass sucli a resolution, as that; and the inti-
mation is that now, proving victorious instead
of defeated, we see fit to disregard it and set it
aside altogether. Sir. do wo not all know what
the palpable fact was ? The first months of this
war, I am sorry to say the first years of this
war, were spent in the vain, idle, and hopeless
effort lo put down the rebellion al'icr a fashion
which would enable us to make beliuve that
there never had been any rebellion. We were
trying, not to overcome our enemies, but to just
hold them still; and this resolution was the de-
liberate expression of the Congress of the U nited
States at that time. We were then prosecuting
■the war, all the time holding out to our enemies
terms of reconciliation, of conciliation, and of
.peace. Why, sir, for the first year of the war
our very bayonets carried laurels upon them;
w© thought softly. When this resolution was
adopted, I believe we were all on what is called
.the sixty-day paper; we were going to put down
the insurrection in just about sixty days, and
then we were going to make believe there never
had been any insurrection. Of course it was
not then the purpose of the Government, it was
not the purpose of those who adopted this reso-
lution, to interfere with those political organiza-
tions which were called States; not to interfere
with their institutions, not to interfere even
with the existence of slavery within them, not
to interfere with any of their laws. Wc did
then propose this resolution. • We proposed it
for the purpose of appealing to the magnanimity
of the people down there to lay down their arms
and not tu prosecute that insurrectionary at-
tempt to the bitter end of the bitterest of wars.
But we found in the course of months, what 1
think wise and sagacious men foresaw in the
very outset of these hostilities, that all these
efforts at conciliation, at reconciliation, were
vain. We found that there was only one way
of obtaining peace with these enemies of the
people of the United States, and that was by
whipping them; and when your armies were
organized and officered and maneuvered upon
that system of tactics, peace began to show
itself, and not till then.
_ But I do not think it was exactly right to in-
timate that the American Congress was insincere
or dishonest when it adopted that resolution,
or that it is faithless to that resolution now
when a different policy is suggested to it. The
doctrines ol" that resolution were departed from
long ago. Then we declared that atthattime we
did not propose to interfere with the institution
of slavery. We did iuleifere with the institu-
tion of slavery several years ago, and the insti-
tution of slavery has ceased lo exist. Was that
a violation of this joint resolution which was
passed in 18(il? Why, sir, the American peo-
ple, taking the power out of our hands, super-
seding its Congress, decroed of themselves, that
in spite of this resolution and of all the local
laws in those districts, slavery should cease lo
exist. Wo were going to preserve the Stales
with all their dignity and rights unimpaired.
How well we have perseveied in that policy 1
shall have occasion to remark hereafler.
But, Mr. President, mv colleague differs not
only from myself in his views of what should
be done at the present time, but he differs very
materially, as is evident, from the Senator from
Maryland. The Senator from Maryland insists
that these communities were always States; that
we were prosecuting the war simply to disarm the
insurgents in them, and that, when that object
was accomplished, there the States stood with
their organizations complete; that.Magrath was
Governor of South Carolina; that the men who
were elected Senators and Representatives to
her Legislature were the Legislature of that
State; that the judges appointed by that gov-
ernment still exercised the judicial powers of
the State; there was the Slate complele, with
its complete organizations intact. That is the
theory ot the Senator from Maryland. The
theory of my colleague is that we, somehow
or other, notwithstanding South Carolina was
always a State, did get the right or the power
not merely to disarm the insurgents but to over-
throw those political organizations. I have been
utterly unable to understand from what clause
of the Constitution my colleague derives that
authority. We not only disarmed the insur-
gents in South Carolina, but we deposed her
Governors, we dismissed her Legislatures, we
vacated the seats of all her judges. That has
been done. My colleague says it is all right;
the Senator from Maryland says it is all wrong.
I agree with my Colleague that it is right, but
not right if South Carolina is a State ; right only
because South Carolina had forfeited all the
prerogatives and all the rights which belong to
a State.
My colleague thinks that the President had
this power by virtue of the authority vested in
him by the laws of the laud to make peace.
There have been a great many things done in
the progress of this war, in the exercise of what
were called the war powers of the Government,
which I thought a little peculiar; some of which
1 could hardly undertake to defend under the
Constitution of the Lmited States. J have not
been distressed about them, for they wore all
done for good purposes; and if they were ille-
gal, I knew the tune would come when redress
could be administered, and I thought that re-
dress would come when the war ended, and the
war would not last forever. But, sir, the worst
of all these things bears no comparison to what
has been done in the exercise of what my col-
league calls the peace pov.ers of the President.
A citizen of Ohio who had represented a dis-
trict of that State in the Congiess of the Uin-
states, after he had ceased to represent that
district, was arrested by military authority,
placed before a military commission, and tried
upon some charges or other, and convicted
upon those charges. He claimed that it was a
tyrannical usurpation of power, an arbitrary act,
a gross violation of the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States. Whether it was so or not I will not
undertake to say. But what has been done in
South Carolina, what has been done in Missis-
sippi and Alabama, under what my colleague
calls the peace powers? Not only have citi-
zens, those who were never in the armies of the
United States, nor any other army, been ar-
rested lime and again and been tried before
military commissions, but military commissions
have been trying private causes, trespasses, ac-
tions of debt, actions of assumpsit, and admin-
istering justice between man and mau. Not
only have they been doing this, hut the judges
and jastiees appointed by the people of South
Carolina for the very purpose of exercising this
authority have been summarily dispossessed of
their ofliecs and placed entirely to one side.
Not only that, but Legislatures elected by the
people of South Carolina to make laws have
been dispersed, and new Legislatures have been
set up in their stead; Governors have been de-
posed and other Governors placed in their
stead, and this under the exercise of peace
powers.
My colleague says that the President had to
judge when to disband the Army, and in order
to know whether it was safe to disband any por-
tion of the Army he had to make some little
investigation in those communities, to see how
they felt, and he ventured upon these acts by
way of feeling their pulse, investigating the
state of public feeling and public sentiment
down there. He admits it. was a little peculiar
that he should appoint agents there and call
them provisional governors, but they were only
deputies of the President.. If the President, the
Commander-in-Chief of the Aimy, had gone
there himself and done these very things, he
argues that nobody would have objected to the
constitutionality of them. Sir, I venture to say
jj I would have objected lo the constitutionality
j| of them, if South Carolina is to be considered
|' a State of the American Union. If South Car-
j{ olina is a Stale, that is what Wisconsin is; that
is what Ohio is. The President is indeed Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy, buthe
is no more Commander-in-Chief of the Army
in South Carolina than he is in Wisconsin.
I What he can do in one State as Commander-
j in-Chief he can do in another. If he can de-
i pose a legal, constitutional Governor in one
State he can do it another. I do not see why
he cannot. 1 make no complaint of the Pres-
ident for doing these things in South Carolina.
He did not remove a Governor of a constitu-
tional State ; he removed a criminal from ex-
ercising acts of authority under powers dele-
gated to him by criminals. Not only that, but
laws passed by these Legislatures have been set
aside over and over again. I make no com-
plaint of it. I believe it was right to set them
aside, because I believe there was no commu-
nity there which had the right to make laws;
they were all criminals.
In point of fact, Mr. President, the issue be-
tween myself on the one side, and the Senator
from Maryland and my colleague on the other,
is just this: there were certain laws which once
recognized South Carolina, Alabama, and Mis-
sissippi to be States. Under those laws, those
people had the right to elect Governors and
choose Legislatures. South Carolina elected
a man by the name of Magratli for Governor of
that State. The Senator from Maryland insists
that we were prosecuting this war to make Ma-
gratli the Governor of South Carolina and to
obey the Constitution of (he United States; that
that is the law that we were trj ing to enforce in
the prosecution of this war. 1 think it was
another law- that we were trying to enforce—a
law enacted on the 30th of April, 1790, the first
section of which declares:
" That if any person or persons owing allegiance to
the United States of America shall levy war against
tliem, or shall adhere to their enemies, giving them
aid andcomfortwithinthcUnited Statesorelsewhere,
and shall thereof be convicted, on confession in open
court, or on the testimony of two witnesses to the same
overt act of tlie treason whereof he or they shall stand
indicted, sucli person or persons shall be adjudged
guilty of treason against the United States, and shall
suffer death."
I think we were prosecuting this war in order
to enforce that law against Governor Magrath,
against every one of the Representatives in their
Legislature, against all their judges. It does
not follow, because wo have the power to do it,
that therefore wc should execute the law. We
were prosecuting the war that wo might be en-
abled to execute this law if we chose to do it.
The President can remit these men from the
penalties of this law if he pleases. If he does
not, that is a law to be executed, and that is
one of the laws to enable us to execute which
we were prosecuting this war. Under the pen-
alties of that statute were included not only
every agent of what you call the State of South
Carolina during the existence of the war, but
almost every citizen within the State of South
Carolina. The law condemned every one oflhem
to death. When they were disarmed it rested
within the discretion of the Government of the
United States to say whether this law should be
enforced or not. We bad only to carry out this
law, enacted in 1700, and what would have hap-
pened to what you call the State of South Car-
olina? Not only the Governor, every Repre-
sentative, and every other municipal agent would
have been executed, but every citizen who had
incurred this guilt, of treason would have been
executed. When you had executed every offi-
cer and every man, 1 take it the State of South
Carolina and its functions would have been sus-
pended in more senses than one. I conceive
that that would have been the end of the State
of South Carolina; or if it would not. or if South
Carolina would have survived that, where would
it have been ? What would have been its con-
dition ?
-Mr. President, upon onepointanissue is made
between my colleague and myself, and that is
upon the question whether it is safe now to re-
store the prerogatives of States to the people of
those communities. My colleague docs not ex-
actly assert that it is safe now to do it,, but he
does say that those people have surrendered, not
merely their armies, but their cause. I'wish I
could believe that; but the fact is it is not true;
and I wish to submit to the Senate, not all the
evidence that I have before me. but a few ex-
tracts from it, to show that it is not true. Mr.
Brownlow, or Governor Brownlow, of Tennes-
see, one of those districts for which the char-
acter of States is claimed, but a few days since—
