3426
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I will leave the mat-
ter to the House, although my own idea is
that the Secretary of State having examined
the premises which he is to occupy, and hav-
ing made this estimate, his judgment is better
than ours on this question. But I will yield
to the gentleman from New York to make his
motion.
Mr. RADFORD. I renew my amendment,
and wish only to say that I assert, without fear
of contradiction, that pooms equal to those
now occupied by the Secretary of State can
be hired in the city of Washington for $5,000
a year.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. I demand the pre-
vious question on the joint resolution and the
amendment.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. Radford's amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was then ordered to a
third reading; and it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Maine, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the joint resolution was
passed; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
enrolled resolution signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that the committee
had examined and found truly enrolled a joint
resolution of the following title: when the
Speaker signed the same:
Joint resolution (H. li. No. 77) for the relief
of Ambrose L. Goodrich and Nathan Cornish
for carrying the United States mail from Boise
City to Idaho City, in the Territory of Idaho,
and of Daniel Wellington and J. C. Dorsey
for extra services in carrying the mails.
land grant to kansas.
The next business in order on the Speaker's
table was bill of the Senate No. 285, granting
lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the con-
struction of the Kansas and Neosho Valley rail-
road and its extension to Red river; which was
read a first and second time.
Mr. SPALDING. I move that that bill be
referred to the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. VAN HORN, of Missouri. I hope the
bill will be passed over informally. There is
a similar bill at this time under consideration
before the Committee on Public Lands.
Mr. J ULIAN. I prefer that the bill should
be referred to the committee.
Mr. ANDERSON. I will state to the House
that a bill of the same character as this is now
before the Committee on Public Lands, and
the friends of the measure prefer that this bill
should remain upon the Speaker's table. I
can see no necessity for its reference.
Mr. JULIAN. There is so much hasty legis-
lation hero that I am not willing to forego the
security of a reference.
The question was put upon Mr. Spalding's
motion ; and there were—ayes 52, noes 17 ; no
quorum voting.
And then, on motion of Mr. STEVENS, (at
four o'clock p. m.,) the House adjourned.
petitions, etc.
The following petitions, &c.,were presenter! under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees :
. By Mr. BANKS: The memorial of Rev. D. Egliri-
tino Barr, chaplain of the United States colored vol-
unteers, for compensation for pioperty destroyed by
engineers in constructing defenses at Baton Rouge,
Louisiana.
By Mr. BROOMALL: The petition of many citi-
zens of Chester county, Pennsylvania, asking for such
a change in the tariff and tax laws as will enable
American labor to compete successfully with foreign.
Ly Mr. BONDY: The petition of John Brown,
Samuel Spenee, and 72 others, operatives in Gaylord
& Co. s rolling-mill at Portsmouth, Ohio, for an in-
crease of the tariff to protect them against the effects
oi pauper labor of .Europe.
By Mr. GRIDER: The petition of Dory Nell, of
Metcalfe county, Kentucky, for indemnity and relief.
Also, the petition of the trustees of Southern Col-
lege, of Kentucky, at Bowling Green, for indemnity
and relief.
Also, the petition of Elias Dunbar, of Russell
county, Kentucky, for indemnity and relief.
By Mr. JULIAN: The memorial of Harly Inger-
soll, and others, citizens of Michigan, praying the
enactment of national insurance laws.
By Mr. O'NEILL: A petition, numerously signed
by merchants, business men, and officers of the cus-
toms of the city of Philadelphia, with the plan of
the alterations, asking that the "Pennsylvania Bank
Building" belonging to the Government may be al-
tered for the accommodation of the appraiser's depart-
ment; and also asking for an appropriation for that
purpose.
By Mr. TAYLOR: The petition of J. S. Underhill,
of the city of New York, asking for relief for extra
expenses incurred in working nights and Sundays
upon tho iron-clad steamer Keokuk, to hasten the
construction of that vessel.
By Mr. VAN HORN, of New York: Tho petition
of citizens of New York city, asking equal laws in
relation to inter-State insurance.
IN SENATE.
Wednesday, June 27, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. William T. Johnson, of
Washington, D. C.
On motion of Mr. LANE, of Indiana, and
by unanimous consent, the reading of the
Journal of yesterday was dispensed with.
army appropriation bill.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Sherman, Mr. Wilson, and Mr. Yates
as the committee of conference on the part
of the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the
two Houses on the amendments of the Senate
to the bill (H. R. No. 127) making appropria-
tions for the support of the Army for the year
ending 80th of June, 18G7.
northern kansas railroad.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore appointed
Mr. Pomeroy, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Riddle
as the committee of conference on the part of
the Senate on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on the amendment of the IIoustTof
Representatives to the bill (S. No. 145) for a
grant of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in
the construction of tho Northern Kansas rail-
road and telegraph.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of the United States, formers and me-
chanics and laborers in American manufactur-
ing establishments, praying Congress to watch
over and promote the interests of the people
by ameuding the tariff so as to protect Ameri-
can labor to the extent of the difference of the
cost of capital and labor here and abroad, with
the addition of the taxes paid by American
industrial products, from which the foreign are
free; which was referred to the Committee on
Finance.
Mr. SUMNER. I also offer the petition of
the St. Domingo Mining and Commercial Com-
pany, having its oflicc and place of business at
New York. Tho petition is signed by S. Do
Witt Bloodgood, president, F. W. Newbold,
secretary, and II. W. Bonsai], vice president,
and is attested by the seal of the company. In
this petition they ask that Congress may take
steps in order to secure the establishment of a
United States naval station at some convenient
place in tho West Indies, for the use and advan-
tage of our squadrons cruising in the adjacent
seas, and they propose that for that purpose
land may be obtained in the bay of Manoinilla
or elsewhere in the northern part of the island
of St. Domingo. They represent that this place
is specially adapted for a naval station. I offer
this petition and ask for its reference, with the
accompanying papers, to the Committee on
Naval Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. WILSON presented the petition of Samuel
H. Madden, and other citizens of Schuylkill
county, Pennsylvania, praying that the tariff
law may be so amended as to afford better pro-
tection to American labor; which was referred
to the Committee on Finance.
reports of committees.
_Mr. WADE, from the Committee on the
District of Columbia, to whom was referred a
bill (S. No. 380) to incorporate the Washing-
ton County Horse Railroad Company, in the
District of Columbia, reported it with amend-
ments.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 280) to repeal an
act entitled ^'An act to_ retrocede the county
of Alexandria, in the District of Columbia, to
the State of Virginia, and for other purposes,"
reported it without amendment.
Mr. HOWARD. The Committee on Military
Affairs and the Militia, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 447) to authorize the Sec-
retary of War to sell a portion of the Fort
Leavenworth military reservation to the city
of Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, for a
public park have instructed me to report the
bill back to the Senate with a recommendation
that it do not pass. The committee are of
opinion that it would not be for the interest of
the military service that any further portion of
that military reservation should be sold or dis-
posed of by the Government.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Mil-
itary Affairs and the Militia, to whom was
referred a joint resolution (H. R. No. 151)
authorizing the purchase of Dugan's work on
Infantry Tactics, reported adversely thereon.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred the petition
of Margaret M. Ransom, of Norwich, Vermont,
prayingfor an increase of herpension, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the Committee on Pensions,
to whom was referred a hill (H. R. No. 705)
for the relief of George W. Bush, reported
adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 701) granting
a pension to Mrs. Imogene Buckingham, of
Edgar county, Illinois, asked to be discharged
from its further consideration, and that it be
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia; which was agreed to.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
were referred the following bills, reported
them severally without amendment:
A bill (H. R. No. 698) granting an increase
of pension to Mrs. Mercie E. Scattergood;
A bill (H. R. No. 099) for the relief of
James L. Perham;
A bill (H. R. No. 700) for the benefit of
John W. Jones;
A bill (H. R. No. 702) granting a pension to
Mrs. Charlotte E. Reed ;
A bill (H. R. No. 703) for the relief of Lieu-
tenant Colonel Frank Lynch ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 704) for the relief of Joel
Farley.
Mr. VAN WINKLE, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a bill (H.
R. No. C92) increasing the pensions of widows
and orphans, and for other purposes, reported
it with amendments.
Mr. HENDERSON, from the Committee on
the District of Columbia, to whom was referred
a memorial of the mayor, recorder, aldermen,
and common council of Georgetown, praying
that the aqueduct may be allowed to remain
as a bridge, and that a suitable draw may be
constructed in it so as to admit of the free
passage of vessels, reported a bill (S. No. 395)
relatingto the aqueduct bridge of the Alexan-
dria Canal Company over the Potomac river at
Georgetown, in tho District of Columbia; which
was read and passed to a second reading.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (S. No. 65) to amend an
act to extend the charter of the Washington
and Alexandria railroad, passed March 3,1863,
reported it with an amendment.
W. ii. IIAMItlCK.
Mr. WILSON. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia, to
whom was referred the joint resolution (H. R.
No. 158) providing for the settlement of ac-
counts of W. H. Hamriek, to report it back
to the Senate without amendment, and with
a recommendation that it pass; and if there
be no objection I should be glad to have it
put upon its passage now. It is a very small
matter and will take but a moment.
