26
APPENDIX TO-THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. oe Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Navy.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
are felt by allwhoaredependenton salaries ora
fixed income, have been painfully severe on our
naval officers. Their case appeals with force
to Congress, and, though always averse to un-
necessary and unwise public expenditures, I
have felt it my duty to present it for favorable
Consideration.
. In this connection, I deem it proper also to
renew the suggestions made in my last annual
report, that, tor the reasons then stated, and
which still exist, the interest of the Government
and the country requires that a more liberal
remuneration should be paid to those who are
charged with the arduous and important cleri-
cal duties of this Department., Their salaries
at present do not correspond with those paid
for similar services in private establishments,
and are not sufficient to secure the right class
of men for this work without entailing upon
them sacrifices which they ought not to be re-
quired to make.
EXPENSES AND ESTIMATES.
The policy of the Department has been to
prosecute the war with energy and vigor, and
to avoid at all times needless expenditure. In
pursuance of this policy, as soon as the war
approached its termination, prompt and efficient
measures were adopted for reducing the Navy
and the naval expenses. The results of these
efforts are of a character which will be gratify-
ing to the country, as they are to this Depart-
ment.
The available resources for the fiscal year ending
June 30,1865, -were   §140,091,125 99
Expenditures during the samotime 110,781,675 95
23,309,450 04
Appropriations not wanted, and carricd
to surplus fund  900,459 39
Leaving a balance at the commence-
ment of tlie present fiscal year of  22,408,990 65
Tho appropriations for tko current year
are  119,882,928 75
Making the total available resources
from appropriations for the fiscal year
ending June 30,1866   $142,201,019 40
This is exclusive of what has been and may
be derived from the sale of vessels and other
property which the close of the war has enabled
the Department to dispose of.
The whole of this large amount will not be
needed for disbursement during the year, and
several of the bureaus will have balances suf-
ficiently large to cover thejr expenditures for
the succeeding fiscal year. The estimates for
the year ending June 30, 1867, are as follows:
Pay of the Navy  $9,336,638 00
Bounties to discharged seamen  800,000 00
Kquipment of vessels  1,000,000 00
Navy-yards, pay ofsuperintond.'nts.&c. 7,135,536 00
Navigation, Kaval Academy, Observ-
atory, &c  436,779 00
Surgeons' necessaries and hospitals  255,750 00
Marino corps  1,757,754 50
Contingent qnd miscellaneous  3,200,000 Oo
Total $23,032,457 50
This amount includes the sum of §5,500,000
for the erection of barracks for the accom-
modation of seamen now quartered on board
receiving ships; for the erection of additional
dwelling-houses for officers in the several navy-
yards, the purchase of land, and other im-
provements of a permanent character.
The total expenses of this Department, from
the 4th of March, 1861, to the 00th of June,
186-5, embracing a period of four years and
four months, and covering not only the ordi-
nary expenses of the Navy, but such as have
arisen in the purchase, construction, and equip-
ment of vessels, and in the maintenance of the
laiKe naval force required during the war, were
$cH4,170,960 68—an average annual expendi-
ture of $72,500,990 98. It is gratifyingto note
that the expenses of this Department since the
. commencement of the war have been but nine
and three tenths per cent, of the expenditures
of the Government during the same time.
THE BUREAUS.
During the past year two of the chiefs of the
bureaus connected with this Department have
died: Captain Percival Drayton, chief of the
Bureau of Navigation, an accomplished and
patriotic officer, who has been succeeded by
Captain Thornton A. Jenkins; and Surgeon
William Whelan, chief of the Bureau of Medi-
cine and Surgery, whose scientific attainments
were widely known and appreciated, who has
been succeeded by Surgeon P. J. Horwitz.
You are respectfully referred to the reports
of the several chiefs of bureaus, herewith trans-
mitted, for the operations in detail of their re-
spective departments. I can only allude to
some of the principal topics suggested.
The chief of the Bureau of Yards and Docks
calls attention to the necessity for increased
accommodations at the navy-yards. Additions
to their water-fronts, docks, store houses, &c.,
are required to meet the demands of the service.
In connection with the Kittery yard, the pur-
chase of Scavy's Island is recommended. At
the Charlestown yard the purchase of an ad-
joining wharf and water privilege is advised.
In connection with the Brooklyn yard, adjoining
ground and water-front, known as the Ruggles
property, is urgently needed, and an arrange-
ment has been made under which it can be pur-
chased. The Philadelphia yard has recently
been extended, but is wholly insufficient. The
Norfolk and Pensacola yards will require large
appropriations to place them in a state of effi-
ciency. Works for the increased manufacture
of steam machinery are advised, and estimates
are submitted for the ercction in the yards of
houses for the officers and barracks for the sea-
men now quartered on board receiving ships.
A repeal of the law respecting the wages of
workmen in navy-yards is recommended.
The chief of the Bureau of Construction and
Repair states that there are 41 vessels intended
for the permanent Navy in various stages of
completion, none of which have been launched.
The supply of seasoned ship-timber in the navy-
yards is exhausted, and it is found difficult to
procure sonxe of the requisite pieces for the ves-
sels in process of construction. It is recom-
mended that a surplus of timber be now placed
in the yards, with a view to its accumulating
and being thoroughly seasoned, to meet any
emergency that may hereafter arise, and also
that arrangements be made at some suitable
place for the construction of iron vessels.
The report of the chief of the Bureau of
Equipment and Recruiting states that the fuel
account of the Navy for the past two years is
$11,425,155. Throe coal vessels have been cap-
tured by the rebels, and 21 coal vessels have,
during the past two years, been either lost or
destroyed. In view of increasing foreign squad-
rons, arrangements have been made and are
being extended for coal depots abroad. The
ropewalk has, during the last year, manufac-
tured 2,204 tons of hemp into cordage. The
propriety of establishing a manufactory of wire
rope is suggested. The number of seamen en-
listed in the Navy from the 4th of March, 1861,
to the 1st of May, 18G5, was 118,044.
The chief of the Bureau of Steam Engineer-
ing gives a detailed statement of the number,
condition, and progress of the engines now
under contract. A board of civilian exports,
under the direction of the Department, are mak-
ing experiments to test the relative efficiency of
vertical and horizontal tubular boilers, the effect
of different modes of managing fires, different
rates of combustion, and all other matters en-
tering into the practical and best methods of
generating steam. Experiments are also being
made to ascertain the relative economic effi-
ciency of steam with different measures of ex-
pansion. The accommodations in the navy-
yards for the repair and construction of steam
machinery are insufficient for the wants of the
service, and additional facilities are urgently
required. The chief of the bureau recommends
an increase of the pay and position of the Chief
Engineer of the Navy. It is not sufficient to
induce first-class ability to remain in the service.
The report of the chief of tiie Bureau of Ord-
nance calls attention to the large quantities of
ordnance and ordnance materials of all kinds
which remain on hand, and, with the approval
of the Department, recommends a general sur-
vey at the several yards and stations, in order
that the unserviceable stores may be separated
from the serviceable, and disposed of as may
be judged best for the interests of the Govern-
ment. The suggestions made in previous re-
ports for the construction of magazines in the
interior, away from our large cities, for the es-
tablishment of a gunnery ship, and for a well-
organized practice ground, are again presented
and urged as measures of paramount necessity.
It is also recommended to institute a course of
experiments with torpedoes, and establish a
corps of operators for future service; and in
order to avail ourselves of the results obtained
abroad in the manufacture of cannon and small-
arms, and their use in naval warfare, that offi-
cers of the Navy be detailed to visit Europe
from time to time, and witness the experiments
made at the founderies and arsenals. The
results of the investigation made by a board of
ordnance officers into the cause of the failure
of the Parrott rifled guns during the naval bom-
bardment of Fort Fisher are appended, and
will be found highly interesting.
The chief of the Bureau of Navigation sub-
mits the usual reports of the Naval Observatory,
Nautical Almanac, and thegeneraladministra-
tion of his department. Most of the nautical
instruments, and many other articles of navi-
gation supplies, turned in from vessels put out
of commission since the close of the war, ap-
pear to be available for reissue with some re-
pairs and adaptations. Allusion is made to the
prospect, apparently improved, of yet being able
to dispense with foreign bunting for American
flags. The preparation of a " Danger Chart"
of the Pacific ocean to facilitate navigation is
in progress; and increased attention is recom-
mended to the collection of hydrographic data
in that important quarter, toward the construc-
tion of now charts and correcting old ones. And
the importance of a hydrographic office in this
connection, under the direction of the bureau,
is strongly urged as a means now wanting of
authoritatively promulgating discoveries, &c.,
in any way affecting the interests of navigation.
The chief of the Bureau of Provisions and
Clothing details the measures taken upon the
close of the rebellion for promptly reducing the
expenses of his department, by discontinuing
the purchase of supplies, and the closing of the
depots in different sections of the country. The
system adopted by the department in supplying
the various blockading squadrons during the
war with fresh provisions gave great satisfac-
tion to officers and men, and added largely to
the sanitary condition of the fleets. To meet
the demands of foreign service, store-vessels,
which are preferred to store-houses on shore,
have been sent to the various headquarters of
tlie .-squadrons. An increase in the corps of
regular paymasters is urgently recommended,
and additional accommodations for supplies in
connection with, or near to, naval stations are
needed.
The chief of the Bureau of Medicine and Sur-
gery presents the usual tables showing the san-
itary condition of the Navy. The number of
persons under treatment during the year ending
31st December last was 73,555, of whom 1,373
died, and 2,071 were on the sick-list at the close
of the year. The total number of deaths from
October 1, 1864, to September 30, ] SG5, was
1,750, being a perceutage of about .002 to the
whole number of persons in service. The per-
centage of deaths to the whole number of cases
treated is .018, or less than two per cent. Dur-
ing the progress of the vrar 1,400 persons were
killed, 1.688 wounded, and 170 reported miss-
ing, making the total number of casualties in
the naval service 3,220. But seventy-one per-
sons have availed themselves of the provision
of the act of Congress providing artificial limbs.
The increased cost of livingrenders the monthly
tax of twenty cents upon the salaries of officers
and men inadequate to the support of naval hog-
