1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
443
I read from the National Union of the 10th in-
stant—used this language:
"I can only say by way of admonition and encour-
agement to the colored friends, attend your schools,
learn to read the word of God, and then learn to love
and practice it: and by way of caution and advice, I
admonish j-ou be mild and temperate in your habit
and spirit and your conduct toward the while people.
I advise as a friend loving the institution and desir-
ing the prosperity of what you have undertaken. I
advise the teachers, male and female, to be exceed-
ingly prudent and cautious, and do nothing offensive
to^the predominantparty hero.
"You inny think it a little strange that I give such
counsel. I do it because if General Thomas were to
take away his soldiers and pull up stakes and leave
here, you would not be allowed to occupy this school-
room a week; and if General Thomas and his military
forces were to go away and leave us, this Legislature,
at the head of which I am placcd, would bo broken
up by a mob in forty-eight hours."
That is the testimony of one who has been
chosen the Governor of one of these States, as
gentlemen insist upon terming them, and in
which niv colleague says they have surrendered
their whole cause. He tells his constituents and
tells the United States that if the military forces
belonging to the United States were withdrawn,
the Legislature of that State would be broken
up in forty-eight hours.
A committee calling themselves the central
committee of Tennessee, in a memorial ad-
dressed to the committee on reconstruction,
which has found its way into the newspapers,
use this language:
" The designs of the great secession majority of Ten-
nessee may have been changed by the events of the
war, and f-o may have been their opinions of then o>vn
strength, and of the strength of the Government, but
unless your memorialists greatly misunderstand them,
their sentiments, sympathies, and passions remain
unchanged. They welcome peace because they are
disabled from making war; they submit because they
can no longer resist; they accept results they cannot
reject, and piofe^s loyalty because they have a halter
around their necks. They recognize the abolition of
slavery because they see it before them as a fact; but
they say it was accomplished by gross violations of the
Constitution—that the negro is free only in fact, but
notin law, or of right."
But, Mr. President, I think I can convince
you more satisfactorily of the extent to which
they have surrendered their cause by reading to
you some extracts from a series of chapters
drawn by a commission appointed in Florida
for the purpose of revising their code. At the
head of that commission I find the name of Mr.
Dupont who is the chief justice of Florida
if Florida has a chief justice. Acting upon
the assumption that slavery was destroyed, they
conceived that it was necessary to make some
changes in their code regulating the colored pop-
ulation of that district. The commission re-
ported ten chapters for that purpose. I have
them all before me. They create first a county
criminal court, andto that court they give juris-
diction in cases of—
"Assault, assault and battery, assault with intent
to kill, riot, affray, larceny, robbery, arson, burglary,
malicious mischief, vagrancy and all misdemeanors,
and all offenses against religion, charity, morality,
and decency."
That is the jurisdiction of that county crim-
inal court. One of the sections declares—
"That in all cases where a fine, penalty, or forfeit-
ure is or may be provided or inflicted by any statute
of this State, as the punishment for any offense bv the
court organized by this act, the person upon whom
such fine, penalty, or forfeiture may be imposed, may
for the non-payment thereof be put to such labor as
the county commissioners of the county in which such
fine, penalty, or forfeiture was imposed, may direct,
and sbal^be allowed such compensation tor his labor,
in reduction of his fine or forfeiture, as maybe reason-
able and just, and he shall not be held^to such labor
for a longer period than shall be necessary to pay and
satisfy the fine, forfeiture, and penalty so imposed; or
the said county commissioners may hire out, at pub-
lic outcry, the t-aid party to any person who will take
him for the shortest time and pay the fine, forfeiture,
and penalty as imposed."
The next section provides:
"That all fines, fnifeatures, and penalties imposed
upon any person by thecounty criminal court organ-
izer! by this act, shall be paidinto thecounty tieasury,
and all legitimate expenses attending a prosecution
in the said court shall he provided for and paid out of ;
said tmi^urv; and the compensation of jurors and j
witne^cs culled to testify on the partof the mosccu- i
tion AiixU be at the option and discretion of tlieboaid !
of county commissioners of the respective counlies." [
What is the purpose of tlic^c clauses? They
explain it. They pay that before the abolition i
of slavery tliere was an excellent tribunal.
Their language is—
" Heretofore there existed in each household a tri-
bunal peculiarly adapted to the investigation and
punishment of the ea-eat majority of minor offenses
to the commission of which this class of population
was addicted."
That is. the claf-s of population made free by
the act of emancipation.
" With the destruction of tho institution of negro
slavery, that tribunal has become extinct, and hence
the necessity of ercctine another in its stead, and of
making such modifications in our legislation as shall
give full efficiency to our criminal code."
Which means briefly this: that when slavery
existed, the head of each family was a govern-
ment for all the slaves belonging to that fam-
ily; he did his own whipping, administered
his own corrections : ho made his own laws.
That institution having been destroyed and sla-
very ended, each county is to have a superin-
tendent, what they call a county criminal court,
to do the whipping and administer the correc-
tion for the whole county. They are to be tried
before jurors; they are to be convicted of these
offenses upon the testimony of witnesses; but
those witnesses and those jurors are to depend
for their compensation upon the liberality of
the county commissioners in the county which
administers this justice.
Another bill declares—
That whenever in the criminal laws of this State,
heretofore enacted, the punishment of the offense is
limited to fine and imprisonment, or to fine or im-
prisonment, there shall be superadded a? an alterna-
tive, the punishment of standing m the pillory lor one
hour, or whipping, not exceeding thirty-nine stiipes
on the bare back, or both, at the discretion of tho
jury."
Now, here are some of the offenses declared :
"That the severance from the freehold of any agri-
cultural production or fixture, or any part thereof,
and the felonious taking and carrying away the same,
shall be deemed and held to be larccny, and be pun-
ished as such." * r * - *
"That if any person shall excite an insurrection or
sedition among any portion or class of tho population
of this State, or shall attempt by writing, speaking,
or by any other means, to excite such insurrection or
sedition, the person or persons so offending bhall be
deemed to be guilty of a felony, and upon conviction
shall suffer death."
There are two provisions creating criminal
offenses. One makes it larceny to cut a twig
from an apple tree or from any other kind of
tree and to carry it off. Removing anything of
the kind from anything which is a fixture upon
the soil is larceny. The next section makes it
an offense punishable with death to incite in-
surrection orsedition among anjT portion orclass
of the population. That is an excellent law.
That is a law which ought to have existed there
a great many years ago. That is a law which
ought to be enacted by the Congress of the din-
ted States this very session for the government
of the people of the United States. That is a
law which if it had existed a few years ago and
had been executed would ha\e saved the peo-
ple of the United States from the horrors of
this war through which we have waded, and
would have sent to the gallows most, if not all,
the men who propose this sort of legislation
for the government of the freed population of
Florida at the present time.
''Wherever fines are imposed a? penalties,
standing in the pillory and whipping may be
substif uted,'' the commissioners propose; why ?
They explain in this report. They say it will
not do to degrade white men by punishment;
it makes bad citizens of them, therefore you
must not make them stand in the pillory, you
must not whip them: but it will not do to rest
upon fines as a punishment for the colored pop-
ulation, because they are poor, a great many
of them, and they cannot pay these lines, and
therefore it only punishes the State, it only
punishes the county; it does not punish the
colored individual or freedman. That is the
argument; so that, in audition to imposing
lines which are to be collected from their es-
tates. if they have any, and which, if they have
not, are to be collected by selling their services
at auction to the highest bidder, there is super-
added the provision that if the fine cannot be
collectcd in either of these modes, they may be
put in the pillory or be whipped. How are
these penalties graduated? The eighth section
of this bill declares—
" That if any person shall, in tho night time, break
and enter into any house or building, not the subject
of burglary, or shall, in the day time, break and enter
into any mansion or other house, with intent to com-
mit a felony, he shall, upon conviction, he punished
by a fine not exceeding §1,000, and imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or by standing in tho pillory
tor one hour, or by whipping, not exceeding thirty-
nine stripes, or by both whipping and standing in the
pillory, at the discretion o£ the Jury."
^ A thousand dollars I That sells a negro for
his life. It will take him his lifetime to work
out that thousand dollars. The tenth section
declares—
" That every trespass upon the property of another,
committed with a. malicious and mischievous intent
the punishment for which is not provided for by law
shall be deemed and held to be an aH of 'malicious
mischief,' and the party guilty of the same, his aiders
and abettors, shall, upon conviction, be punished by
a fine not exceeding $],000, and imprisonment not
exceeding six months, or by standing in the pillory
for one hour, or by whipping, not exceeding thirty-
nine stripes, or bj' both whipping and standing in tho
pillory, at the discretion of the jury."
Going across a piece of pasture ground,
traveling through a forest belonging to an indi-
vidual, cutting a twig from a standing tree, any-
thing which amounts to a trespass willfully done
may be punished by a fine not exceeding SI,000,
which fine may be collected by selling the ser-
vices of the man until he can work out the fine;
and yet we are told this community has given
up its whole cause, surrendered everything,
and is only providing for the peace of the com-
munity and its good order. Here is another
provision:
" Thatif any negro, mulatto, or otherperson of color
shall intrude himself into any religious or other public
assembly of white persons, or into any railroad car or
other public vehicle set apart for the cxcl usive accom-
modation of white people, he shall be deemed to be
guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction shall
be sentenced to stand in the pillory for one hour, or ho
whipped not exceeding thirty-nine stripes, or both,
at the discretion of the jury."
Recollect that this county criminal court is
given jurisdiction of all oflenses against reli-
gion, charity, morality, and decency. Provide
this court for the punishment of offenses against
religion, and then hy this other chapter in the
same code close the houses of worship against
the admission of the negro ] make him submit
to the precepts of religion and deny to him all
religious instruction 5 that is the effect of the
two provisions standing together!
Another bill is to be entitled. "An act in re-
lation to the contracts of persons of color." It
provides that contracts are to be in writing,
and—
"That when any person of color shall enter into a
contract as aforesaid, to serve as a laborer for a year,
oranyothei specified term, on any farm or planta-
tion in thip-(State, if he shall refuse or nedect to per-
form the stipulations of hi* contract bv willful disobe-
dience of orders, wanton impudence, or disrespect to
his employer or his authorized asent, failure or re-
fusal to perform the work assigned to him, idleness,
or abandonment of the premises or the employment
of the party with whom the contract was made, he or
she shall be liable, upon the complaint of his em-
ployer, or his agent, made under oath before any jus-
tice of tho peace of the county, to be arrested and
tried before the criminal couit of {lie county, and
upon conviction shall be subject to nil the pains and
penaltiesprcseribedforthc punishment of vagrancy."
Recollect, Mr. President, these are laws pro-
vided for the control of a population made free
by your laws, but who we are told are very ig-
norant and degraded and debased. They say
they must have the right to make contracts for
their labor, and here is a tribunal created for
the express purpose of not only making these
parties specifically perform the contracts, but
of enforcing personal respect toward the em-
ployer and the agent of the employer 011 the
part of these ignorant and degraded men during
the term for which the contract is made.
Thecounty court is to make ignorance respect-
ful, to puni&h men who have never been taught
what is respect or what is the want of it, for
any disrespcet, for a breach of good manners,
for a want of politeness: 10 puuidi the lowest
class of population, they my, that exists on this
continent. This is the sort of legislation pro-
posed in that district of Florida which we are
