1508
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
the Washington canal. Here crime, filth, and poverty
seem to vie with each other in a career Of degrada-
tion and death. "Whole families, consisting of fathers,
mothers, childrqg, uncles, and aunts, according to
their own statements, arecrowdedlnto mere apologies
for shanties, which arc without light or ventilation.
Baring storms of rain or snow their rdofs afford but
slight protection; while from beneath a few rough
boards used for floors, the miasmatic effluviafrom the
most disgushngLy filthy and stagnant water, mingled
with the exhalations from the unclcansed bodies of
numerous inmates, renders the atmosphere within
these hovels stifling and sickening in the extreme.
Their rooms are usually not more than six or eight
feet square, with not a window or even an opening
(except a door) for the admission of light. Borne of
the rooms are entirely surrounded by other rooms, so
that no li*ht at all reaches where persons live and
spdnd their days and nights. In a space about fifty
yards square, I found about one hundred families,
composed of from three to ten persons each, living m
ghanties one story in height, except in a few instances
■where tenements are actually built on the tops oi
others. There is a distance of only three or lourieet
separating these buildings fi om each other—not even
as convenient as an ordinary three-foot alley.
openings lead in so devious a course that one with
difficulty fmds his way out asrain. Thus pent up, not
even these paths are purified by curren ts oi fresh air.
In one building visited, seven teen families were found
upon the ground floor,consistmgof fromtwotoseven
persons each, one rchtauiant and one boarding house.
Tho second story is a large danee-hall, where these
people nightlv congregate for amusement.
.Nearly all'of these people came from Virginia dur-
ing the rebellion, and some of them propose to return
whenever they are assured that they can get work to
do there, and will be well treated. It was found that
from five to eight dollars per month aie paid for the
ront of those miserable shanties, except in some in-
stances where a ground rent of three dollars per
month is paid for a little spot covering a lew square
feet — there some of the more enterprising have
erected c\ibins of their own. These also arc in eaually
close pioximity to each other, so that it is with dif-
ficulty that one can crowd between them.
On tho west side of Fourteenth street near the same
locality are a large number ot small buildings which
however are kept in a somewhat more cleanly con-
dition, and are opened to light and ventilation,
if ere some of the occupants of houses boast of small
back yards, but so low and wet arc their surfaces,
that they arc a curse rather than a benefit. Kilthy
water hero accumulates, from which, with the advent
of warm weather, the seeds of disease must spread
among and destroy the wretched people.
In each of these localities there are no proper
privy accommodations, and those that exist are in a
lenkyand filthy condition generally, Norcanthesan-
itaiy laws be properly enforced against delinquents,
for they have no means wherewith to pay fines, and a
commitment to tho work-house is no punishment.
I can see no efficient mode of remedying this evil ex-
cept that seavengois be employed at tho public ex-
pense, to visittheso localities; though by far the best
remedy would be to require that these buildings be
razed to the ground.
Under the best sanitary laws that can be enacted,
stringently enforced, these places can be considered
as nothing better than propagating groundsof crime,
disease, and death; and in tho case of a prevailing
epidemic, the condition of these localities would be
horrible to contemplate.
A similarly crowded lot of shanties exists on Rhode
Island avenue, between Tenth and Eleventh streets,
though as to fresh air and cleanliness a somewhat bet-
tor condition of things exists. Ilerc in a space some
two hundred feet Square, two hundred and thirteen
persons reside, mostly known as ''contrabands."
There arescveraloiher places equally crowded, with-
in thccity limits, which 1 have notj'ct had time to
visit and inspect personally, for winch puipoae I re-
spectfully ask for further time.
A. C. RICHARDS,
To the Board of Police. Superintendent.
Mr. SAULSBDRY. I propose to amend
the joint resolution by adding the following:
And that a like mm is hereby appropriated for the
temporary relief of the destitute white people resid-
ing in said District, to be expended under the direc-
tion of the mayor of the city of Washington.
Mr. MORRILL. I think if the honorable
Senator from Delaware understood the condi-
tion of those people, he would not object to this
resolution, and he would see an obvious dis-
tinction between granting relief to them and
the contemplated relief for the poor white peo-
ple, if there be any, in the District. These
colored people came here homeless, house-
less, destitute, without shelter, and without
protection of any kind whatever, and were
thrown upon this city with no obligation to
provide for them whatever. They are desti-
tute, and their condition is one of peculiar
hardship anil suffering to themselves, and of
very great hardship to the city. The city does
not feel that it is its duty particularly to provide
for these people as their own. The hardship
of their condition is increased by the fact that
the city does not feel under tho slightest obli-
gation whatever to provide for them. There
are no poor White people ia this city in that
condition. The cases are not parallel. It does
not follow because the Government feels under
some obligation, as I trust they do, and know
they ought, in this case to provide for this
class of destitute and unfortunate people, who
suggest to my honorable friend that he pays
but a poor compliment to (he white people of
the Di.stiict by* his amendment. No appeal
has been made to the committee in behalf of
poor white people; and I suggest that it is a
very poor compliment indeed that the honor-
able Senator should think it worth while to
couple wiih a resolution makiug a provision
for people who are known to be destitute, and
who~e circumstances are peculiar; an equal ap-
propriation for white people, for the presump-
tion ought to be that they can either take care
of ihenwelves. or the community to whom they
belong have sufficient capability and sufficient
inlere-t, in iheni to provide for them. I hope
my honorable friend on reflection will with-
draw this amendment.
Mr. SAL" t.SB [711Y. In offering this amend-
ment. my object was not to pay compliments
to any persoii. whether white or black. 1 do
not doubt ihat what, the honorable Senator
states is perfectly correct, that there are many
hundreds and thousands of the negro popula-
tion now residing in this District who are in
poor and destitute circumstances., and I have
no doubt they need relief: but. sir, I cannot
walk Pennsylvania avenue or any other street
in Washington without having appeals for aid
made to me by little white boys and girls,
barefooted, without enough clothes to protect
them from the inclemency of the weather.
The honorable Senator thinks it is no com-
pliment to the white population of the" District
to ask for aid for these indigent white people ;
and yet, sir, we cannot close our eyes to the
fact that there are hundreds and thousands of
white people in this city who do not know
what it is to have meat upon their tables, and
who when they have provided themselves
with one meal do not know where the next is
to come from.
Sir, I did nothing to cause the influx of this
negro population into this District. It was
told to us here when you were abolishing sla-
very in this District that the District would be
a paradise for the free negroes. That para-
dise, with all its blessings and all its comforts,
has been described to you very accurately this
morning by the honorable Senator from Maine.
Sir, let not your charity be confined to the
negro population of this District if you have
just cause for believing that there is an equal
number or any number of destitute white peo-
ple.
I cannot see the evidence of such destitution
in the midst of this black population that some
people see. I cannot look around at any time
in these galleries but what I see young, hale,
stout negro men witnessing day after day, week
after week, and month after month, the delib-
erations of your Chamber, when there are hun-
dreds and thousands of poor young white men
in this country who cannot afford to take one
single day to listen to your debates. Your
Frccdmcn's Bureau has this class of negro pop-
ulation under their particular charge. There
is no bureau to take under their charge the
white population of this District or of this
country. When you proposed to appropriate
out of the public Treasury the sum of $25,000
(which you ha<*e no constitutional right to ap-
propriate) for the relief of these people, all I
ask of you is to be just as humane and just as
charitable to your own race as you are to the
negro population. I therefore cannot withdraw
my amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. I believe it is in order be-
fore taking the vote on the amendment of the
Senator from Delaware to perfect the original
proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The .ques-
tion will first be on the amendment of the (Sen-
ator from Delaware.
Mr. WILLEY. I suggest to the Senator from
Delaware that his object Would be accomplished
by simply striking out the word "colored"
from the original proposition, so as to leave
simply an appropriation of $2-5,000 to be ap-
plied under the direction of the officer of the
Freedmen's Bureau designated for the relief of
the destitute population of this city, leaving it to
his discretion to apply it either to the white or
black population as the exigencies of the case
might indicate as proper. The proposition of
the Senator from Delaware is to make an ad-
ditional appropriation of $25,000, which, added
to the appropriation in the original resolution,
would make the aggregate sum of $50,000. I
think the necessities of the case do not demand
so large on appropriation, and that by striking
out the word •' colored" in the original prop-
osition. so as to leave simply an appropriation
of S2-3;000 to be expended for the relief of the
destitute population of the city, including both
black and white, it would accomplish the ob-
j ject proposed by the resolution in its original
! i'orm, and accomplish what seems to be the
i purpose of the Senator from Delaware also. I
make that suggestion to him. I shall feel under
the necessity "of voting against the amendment
of the Senator from Delaware, if it is pressed,
withtheunderstanding, however, that if it fails,
I shall then move to strike out the word " col-
ored" from the original proposition.
Mr. SAULSBUEY. f feel under great ob-
ligations to the honorable Senator from West
Virginia for his suggestion; but, sir, I cannot
accept it, and for this simple reason: the reso-
lution as it stands leaves the distribution of
this aid to the Freedmen's Bureau. If you
pass the resolution and strike out the word
"colored," but leaving the distribution of your
alms to be made by the Freedmen's Bureau,
we know very well who are to be the recipients
of your favor. No destitute white person is to
be the recipient of your bounty , but the Freed-
men's Bureau will distribute it all among the
negro population. For that reason I cannot con-
sent to any such proposition. If it was proposed
to appropriate $25,000 for the relief of the des-
titute people of the District of Columbia, to be
distributed by the mayor of the city of Wash-
ington, I would have no objection to that; but
while you keep it for distribution in the hands
of the Freedmen's Bureau I cannot consent to
accept the amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. Where the Freedmen's Bu-
reau is in operation, I believe the bounties of
that organization are extended to the destitute
of both colors alike. I do not see any impro-
priety in selecting that agent to distribute this
bounty to the negroes.
Now, sir, this question goes further than
merely the relief of these destitute poor; it
affects ourselves; and I am satisfied that unless
this relief is afforded and the thing contem-
plated by the resolution is accomplished in
some way or other, in the event the cholera
should reach this eity early in the season, the
deliberations of Congress must necessarily be
interrupted. My information is such—and I
have taken pains to be well informed on the
subject—that these dens of poor creatures will
be the very fountain-heads and seat of conta-
gion, disease, and death; that if pestilence
reaches this city it will fester there, and it will
spread, and not merely this destitute popula-
tion ^vill fall victims to it, but the whole popu-
lation of the city must necessarily be affected.
As an indispensable sanitary regulation, this
appropriation is necessary in order that we
may remove the sources and causes of conta-
gion and disorder in this eity.
I trust the Senator frflm Delaware will not
interpose an objection, but will allow the agent
of the Freedmen's Bureau, who will no doubt
be a very competent and benevolent gentle-
man, to distribute these funds, if the appropri-
ation should be made, both to the whites and
the blacks of this city as the necessity of tho
case may appear to him to demand. I have
no particular choice in the selection of the agent.
If some other agent could be selected who is
qualified to execute the duty imposed upon him,
