88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. of Reps.
lie/port of ■the Secretary of the Interior.
39th Cong. ... 1st Siss.
for forts or other public uses, and this right will
be enforced unless Congress shall otherwise
order.
The organization of a Bureau of Mining was
recommended in the last annual report of this
Department, and the attention of Congress is
again invited to the subject,. All lands denomi-
nated mineral, which do not bear the precious
metals, should be brought into market, and thus
placed under the guardianship of private own-
ers. In no other mode, it is believed, can the
great forests of timber, the growth of centuries,
and of vast value to the nation, be effectually
preserved from waste. Individual proprietor-
ship, it is conceded, would stimulate the devel-
opment of coal-fields, petroleum, deposits of
iron, lead, and of other gross metals and min-
eral formations. There can, therefore, be no
sufficient reason for withholding such mineral
lands from market. C ongress has not legislated
with a view to securing an income from theprod-
ucl of the precious metals from the public do-
main. It is estimated that two or three hun-
dred thousand able-bodied men are engaged in
such mining operations on the public lauds
without authority of law, who pay nothing to
the Government for the privilege, or for the per-
manent possession of property worth, in many
instances, millions to the claimant.
The existing financial condition of the nation
obviously requires that all our national re-
sources, and the product of every industrial
pursuit should contribute to the payment of the
national debt. The wisdom of Congress must
decide whether the public interest would be
better promoted by a sale in fee of those min-
eral lands, or by raising a revenue from their
annual product. The impolicy of suffering them
to remain in their present condition, without
any species of legislation regulating or defining
the rights of the parties in interest, must be ap-
parent to all.
There are other questions of interest con-
nected with the public lands, upon which I can-
not dw^ell without extending this paper beyond
allowable limits. For further details 1 refer to
the excellent report of the Commissioner of the
General Land Office. It contains interesting
statistics and maps, and also presents practical
views which merit favorable consideration.
i'hxsxoxs.
The act of February 27, 186-5, made an an-
nual allowance of $300 for life to each of the
five survivors of the Army of the Revolution.
Pour of these aged and venerable men lived to
receive this token of the nation's gratitude. T wo
of them have since died. William Hutchings,
of Penobscot, Hancock county, Maine, aged one
hundred and one years, and Samuel Cook, of
Clarendon, Orleans county, New York, aged
ninety-nine years, are the only persons among
the living known to the Department, who partici-
pated in the heroic struggle which achieved our
national independence.
The names of 1.115 widows of revolutionary
soldiers are inscribed on the pension rolls.
The right to a pension was confincd, by the
act of July 4, 1830, to those whose marriage
with the deceased soldier took place before the
close of his military service. It was subsequent-
ly extended, by the act of February *21,1848, to
those whose marriage took place prior to Jan-
uary 1, 1794, and by the act of July 29, 1848, to
such as were married prior, and by the act of
February 3, 1853, to those who were married
subsequent, to January 1, 1800. Under the first-
named law, there are four surviving claimants,
under the second, one hundred and eight; un-
der the third, seventy; and under the fourth,
eight hundred and eighty, to five of whom pen-
sions were allowed during the last fiscal year.
The remaining widows of revolutionary soldiers
receive their pension under special acts of Con-
gress.
During the fiscal year ending June 30, ]86f>,
the names of 14,002 Army invalid pensioners
"were, on the original application, added to the
roll, and the number to whomthepension there-
tofore awarded was increased amounted to 3G6.
The whole number admitted was 15,328, requir-
ing an annual payment of $1,220,785 90.
The aggregate number of claims of widows,
or other dependent relatives of soldiers of the
Army, (except revolutionary,) allowed during
the same period, was 24,693 ; and the number
of pensions of this class which were increased
during the same period was 14, making a total
of 24,707, and constituting an. annual charge of
$2,574,179.
There was paid during the same year to Army
invalids, revolutionary soldiers, widows, and
other dependent relatives, including arrearages
of pensions and expenses properly chargeable
to the appropriation for revolutionarypensions,
the sum of $8,319,672 49. The total number
of Army pensioners on the rolls at the close of
the year ending June 30, 18G5, was 84,130, re-
quiring for the payment thereof, exclusive of
expenses, an annual appropriation of §7,792,-
772 51.
The number of Navy invalid pensions allowed
on original applications during that fiscal year
was 250, and there were 7 Navy invalids whose
pensions were increased. Two hundred and
sixty-six Navy pensions were awarded to wid-
ows or other dependent relatives of deceased
officers, seamen, or marines. The aggregate
amount paid to naval pensioners of all classes
was $205,480 62. At the close of the fiscal
year there were on the Navy pension, rolls 839
invalids, the amount of whose pensions was
§61,854 92, and 1,017 widows and other depend-
ent relatives, requiring the sum of §108,818.
The total number of Navy pensioners at that
date was 1,856, whose annual stipends amount
to $230,072 92. The total amount, therefore,
required for the payment of pensions of all
classes adjudicated and allowed up to the close
of the last fiscal year, or conferred by special
acts of Congress, is, exclusive of expenses,
§8,023,445 43.
The Navy pension fund, which had accumu-
lated under the act of April 22, 1800, was ex-
hausted many years since; and Congress, by
the act of July 17, 1862, declared that all
moneys accruing, or which had already accrued,
to the United States from the sale of prizes
should be, and remain forever, a fund for the
payment of pensions to the officers, seamen,
and marines who might be entitled to receivc
the same. If the fund should be insufficient
for this purpose, the public faith was thereby
pledged to make up the deficiency; if it should
be more than sufficient, the surplus was to be
applied for the making of further provision for
the comfort of the officers, seamen, and ma-
rines. The act of July 1, 1864, provides for
the investment in the registered securities of
the United States of so much of the fund as is
not required for the payment of naval pensions,
that is, such pensions as by law are chargeable
thereto. When the interest payable in coin
upon such securities is collected, it is made the
duty of the Secretary of the Navy to exchange
the amount of such interest for so much of the
legal currency of the United States as may be
obtained therefor at the current rate of pre-
mium on gold. The interest, so converted, is
to be deposited in the Treasury to the credit, of
the fund. The latter is made applicable, by
the act of 1802, to the payment of the pensions
of disabled officers, seamen, and marines, but
not of the widows and other dependent rela-
tives of such as have died of wounds received,
or of disease contracted, in the service. The
fund invested in gold-bearing registered bonds
oi the United States amounts to §9,000,000,
and there is on hand, subject to investment, or
use if required, the sum of §1,395,114 21. The
annual interest upon the invested fund, if pay-
able in paper currency, exceeds by one hun-
dred per cent, the amount required for the
payment of all naval pensions authorized by
existing laws. No necessity exists, nor is any
likely ever to occur, for the large and con-
stantly increasing accumulation of this fund;
but further legislative action is necessary to
subject it to the payment of all classes of Navy
pensions.
Pension agencies were suspended in those
parts of the country where the national author-
ity was resisted and loyal State governments
subverted during the rebellion. Pursuant to
your orders such agencies are being resumed
whenever required for the accommodation of
restored pensioners, or of such as have been
recently added to the rolls. Agents have been
appointed at Richmond, Virginia; Nashville
and Knoxville, Tennessee; Little Rock, Ar-
kansas ; and New Orleans, Louisiana. The act
of February 4, 1862, prohibited the payment of
a pension to any one who had taken, or might
thereafter take, arms against the Government
of the United States, "or who had in any man-
ner encouraged the rebels or manifested a sym-
pathy with their cause." Most of the acts,
making appropriations for pensions within the
last four years, contain a proviso that no por-
tion of the money shall be paid to a disloyal
person. The names of all pensioners residing
during the rebellion in the parts of the country
to which I have adverted, as well as a large
number of disloyal pensioners residing in other
parts of the l/nion, have been dropped from
the rolls. All those of the former class forfeited
their pensions from the date of the proclamation
declaring the State in which they respectively
resided to be in rebellion. Such of them as
claim the benefit of the pension laws and a res-
toration to the rolls are required to make appli-
cation, supported by due proof, in accordance
with forms and instructions adopted for the
adjudication of these special cases, and to take
and subscribe the oath prescribed in your am-
nesty proelamatisn. The right to a pension
inures and takes effect from the date of the
completion of the proof establishing the right
to such restoration.
The regulations governing the production of
pi oof and the decision of cases iu the Pension
Bureau, were prepared by the Commissioner
and approved by this Department. The rigid
enforcement of them has been the subject of
occasional complaint; but while it may work
hardship in a few exceptional cases, it is, in
my judgment, indispensable to the prevention
of abuses and the rejection of unfounded and
fraudulent demands. Every facility is extended
for the presentation and establishment of claims,
and tliey are determined with all the prompti-
tude consistent with a due investigation of their
merits.
The increasing number of pension applica-
tions requires that the appropriation for the
next should largely exceed that made for the
current fiscal year. Without regard to the
amount they involve, our engagements to our
gallant Army and Navy must be performed with
scrupulous fidelity. Their sacrifices for an im-
periled country have been blessed in the pres-
ervation of its unity, the maintenance of the
just authority of the national Government, and
the vindication of the principles of civil liberty
which the fathers of the Republic bequeathed to
their children.
For further information relating to this branch
of the service, I respectfully refer to the able
and elaborate report of the Commissioner of
Pensions.
ixdiax affairs.
The number of Indians residing within the
jurisdiction of the United States does not prob-
ably exceed three hundred and fifty thousand,
a large majority of whom maintained during
the past year peaceful relations. Some of them
have made gratify ingprogress in civilization.and
manifested, during the late war, a steadfast loy-
alty to our flag worthy of emphatic commenda-
tion. Civilized and powerful tribes, however,
residing within the Indian Territory, united early
in thevearltiOl with the Indians of the prairies
immediately west and north, for hostile opera-
tions against the United States. In flagrant
violation of treaties which had been observed
by us with scrupulous good faith, and in theab-
