8428
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
jarful corporations now existing, rather than
t'b adopt any general system which might be
superseded hereafter. The purpose of this bill
is simply to enable this particular company to
engage in this competition, believing that they
have now the power and the means to do it.
I do not. myself, however, see any objection to
this amendment, unless it would tend to crip-
ple their operations.
Mr. GRIMES. I do not think it will have
that effect.
Mr. SHERMAN. My purpose has always
been to extend these rights to all incorpora-
tions, because the fourth section of the bill
provides—
That nothing contained in this act shall be so con-
strued as to prevent Congress from granting to other
telegraph companies such powers and privileges as
aro hereby conferred; and Congress may at any time
alter, amend, or repeal this act.
So far as I, as an individual Senator, am con-
cerned, I am not opposed to the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa ; but I am not author-
ized to accept it, because the committee thought
it better to confine at present the operation of
this bill to a single company. If the amend-
ment is to be adopted it ought to be that " any
company now in existence or hereafter author-
ized " 
Mr. GRIMES. It covers that now. " Any
telegraphic company authorized to be organ-
ized."
Mr. SHERMAN. Say "now organized or
authorized to be organized."
Mr. GRIMES. Well, I will accept that mod-
ification.
Mr. HARRIS,
company?"
Mr. GRIMES.
Why not say '1 any telegraph
I would rather say one au-
thorized by the law of some State. " Any tel-
egraph company" might be a mere private
association. " Now organized or authorized
to be organized" is my amendment.
Mr. SHERMAN. So as to include all exist-
ing companies and all hereafter organized?
Mr. GRIMES. I will say "now organized
or authorized to be organized under the laws
of any State in this Union."
Mr. CLARK. Why not say "now or here-
after organized?"
Mr. GRIMES. Very well.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask the Senator from
Iowa whether it would not accomplish his pur-
pose better to leave the bill as it stands and
say in the fourth section " the privileges hereby
granted to the National Telegraph Company
are also conferred upon all other companies
organized under the laws of the several States?''
I think that would be better.
Mr. CONNESS. The difficulty of that is
this, it appears to me: this company is a joint
stock company organized under the laws of
the State of New York ; they have a very large
capital, as.they state themselves in some of the
prospectuses accompanying this matter; though
they may not have any immediate benefit to
their company from the passage of this bill,
they expect a great indirect benefit by reason
of the credit that it will give their company.
In other words, it is proposed by the passage
of this bill for this particular company, to en-
hance the value of their stock in the market.
Now, Mr. President, I hope that Congress will
not pass an act with that view, nor having that
effect; but that instead of doing it, the amend-
ment proposed by the Senator from Iowa will
be accepted. If you are to pass an act that
there bo free trade in telegraphing from the
start, very well; if you are able to give advan-
tages or facilities for telegraphing in the Uni-
ted States, give them alike to all. Then this
company have any benefits that can be derived
from the legislation of Congress that they are
entitled to have. I hope the Senator having
the bill in charge will consent to the change.
Mr. SHERMAN. There is one idea that
ought not to be forgotten. This company or
any^ other company starting in the telegraph
business has got to enter into competition with
a powerful consolidated corporation, with a
capital stock of from forty-five to fifty million
dollars—a company now receiving a gratuity
from Congress on a line from here to San Fran-
cisco, with their agents scattered all over the
United States, with their arrangements made
with the railroad companies throughout the
United States; an-d it is no idle task for any new
company to enter into this kind of competition.
I do not wish to say it to discourage any one,
but the probability is that in such a competi-
tion there will be a good deal of capital lost
before the business is put on a stable footing.
We know, as a matter of history, that the Uni-
ted States Company and the American Tele-
graph Company, I believe, both started as
rival institutions to other companies, but they
are now all consolidated in one great company;
so that any company entering into the race
must expect to meet a powerful competition.
It has been shown by the experience of tele-
graph companies that a line established even
on the most favorable location, say between
Washington and Boston, starting alone, would
not be able to compete with these powerful
companies, because they can do all the busi-
ness of telegraphing between these leading
points for nothing,'and so drive out of exist-
ence the rival company, unless that company
is able to extend its branches to the leading
cities of the United States.
Some of the gentlemen connected with this
National Telegraph Company organized in New
York are men of property and wealth, who
have embarked in this enterprise, and they
intend to take this hazard upon themselves in
order to make this competition with a view to
establish a telegraph line. This bill provides
that after they have established this line, they
shall not do as other companies have done,
sell out to the existing monopoly, but shall
continue to stand upon their own footing as an
independent company. At the same time we
reserve the power in Congress to alter, amend,
or repeal their charter, or to give the same
rights and privileges to other companies.
Now, I say, as an individual Senator, not
representing the committee upon this matter,
that unless it would tend to weaken their effort
to create a company, I would be perfectly will-
ing to see this privilege extended to all tele-
graph companies, including the present one;
but I do not think it" is exactly fail-, under the
circumstances, now to give this privilege to an
existing company who are seeking to monopo-
lize the whole business, and who do now mo-
nopolize the whole business, when it is mani-
festly the interest of the Government to build
up new rivals to compete, if possible, with the
existing corporation. I am willing, however,
to take the sense of the Senate, without any
further debate upon the question, whether they
desire to make this legislation general or spe-
cial. My impression is, that it would accom-
plish the object of the bill better to confine it
to this one corporation, and then to extend it
gradually if other companies desire to enter
into it. But if it is the sense of the Senate to
make it general now, I am perfectly willing to
abide by that decision.
Mr. BROWN. Mr. President, I believe it
was on my motion that this matter was brought
to the attention of the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads, and was afterwards
referred to the Postmaster General for an
opinion and for data. Subsequently a special
committee was organized in this body to ex-
amine the question more completely. I am
free to say that the report of that committee,
as far as it goes, submitting a bill for the or-
ganization of a new company, does not fulfill,
in any manner, the idea which I had in the
premises; that is, the propriety of the Gov-
ernment taking this subject of telegraphing in
hand as a legitimate postal business, reducing
it to a uniform rate and establishing a minimum
of charge. I believe that much can be accom-
plished, and will be accomplished yet. The
leading foreign Governments have recently
moved in this direction, and I believe that the
Government of the United States will have
to come to that at last as the only means of
curing the evils under which the telegraphic
system now labors—a vast monopoly and an
enormous public burden.
Since I had occasion to bring this subject to
the attention of the Senate, the companies then
in existence have gone on and consolidated
themselves still more closely, until, I believe,
there is now a single control that governs the
whole subject, rendering competition an im-
possibility. Under that aspect of it, I shall
have but little objection to this bill which has
been introduced by the committee, or to any
other bill which proposes to facilitate the or-
ganization of another company. I think, there-
fore, the amendment suggested by the Senator
from Iowa is a very good one, as that will en-
able all the companies that may see fit to organ-
ize to go into this business, and, in so far, break
the force of the monopoly. I shall therefore
favor the amendment, and shall offer no ob-
jection to the bill itself, although it comes so
far short of the true remedy for the evil. It
may jorove an entering wedge, preparing the
way for a final consummation, when under
Government control the telegraph shall be open
to all as cheaply and as extensively as are now
the facilities for transmitting-messages by the
mails.
I have one other word to say in regard to
the communication of the Postmaster General.
I think he has shown himself in that commu-
nication utterly unworthy of the position which
he holds as a public officer so far as a compre-
hension of the necessities of that service goes.
I think that he has exerted himself rather to
throw before us details antagonistic to the pro-
ject than to seek out and collate any informa-
tion that would bear out the enterprise. Substan-
tially he has collocated and presented here only
the replies of the different telegraphic compa-
nies which are directly interested in this monop-
oly, and who have arranged their figures to suit
their interests. He has given, it is, true the
statement of Mr. Prescott, in which he endeav-
ors to rebut and deny his own published works
and published statements on this subject—de-
tails and facts given by him when he did not
anticipate that any such movement as the pres-
ent would place his publications in antagonism
with the interests of the telegraph companies.
How unfair the whole of this farrago of figures
which has been laid before us is, may be gath-
ered from a single remark ; and that is in the
statement of Mr. Prescott, who is combating
his own published works heretofore, and says:
"I will dismiss this brief review of his (Mr.
Brown's) speech by addmg, in regard to his sugges-
tion,'that the telegraphic charges on ordinary com-
mercial correspondence may be made as inexpensive
as the present postal rates,' that the messengers
receive more than the price of a letter stamp for de-
livering each dispatch, and that the (Jovernmenttax
upon the gross receipts of the telegraph companies
averages more per message than Mr. Brown's esti-
mate of the entire expense."
I believe that the Government, in its charge
of three cents per letter, undertakes not only
to transmit those letters to distant parts of the
country, but it also undertakes the delivery to
the individuals in cities of those letters them-
selves ; so that the assumption here that more
is given to the messengers for delivering tele-
graphic dispatches than the Government post-
ago is simply ridiculous. Government carries
them and delivers them both for postal rates,
and yet makes money. They could deliver
them just as easily as the Government delivers
its letters, and just as cheaply. Therefore, it
is clear that the illustration has no bearing at
all, and is delusive and tricky. The same may
be said of the statement "that the Govern-
ment tax upon the gross receipts of the tele-
graph companies averages more per message
than Mr. Brown's estimate of the entire ex-
pense." What bearing has that on the cost
of telegraphing? The Government tax aver-
ages more per message than my estimate of the
expense of telegraphing a dispatch because the
telegraph company charge such an enormous
price for every dispatch that it makes the tax
amount to more than they could really be car-
ried for. That is the answer to the attempted
