1868.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2469
history. He did riot; he referred to the
"Moses" of modern story, whoso razors wore
"made to sell and not to sliave." He should
not he censured because the enthusiastic hope
of the poor freedmen misinterpreted his allu-
sion. But to resume. It will not do to avoid
tlie terms of this amendment. Gentlemen will
have to confront them face to face.
I shall, Mf\ Speaker, vote for I,his amend-
ment; not because 1 approve it. Could I have
controlled the report of the committee of fif-
teen, it would have proposed to give the right
of suffrage to every loyal man in the country.
I do not believe, with my colleague, that our
Government rests on the complexion of its
people, or the color of their hair. I believe
that a patriot is a better citizen than a traitor.
He talks of a preposition to enfranchise mil-
lions of negroes and disfranchise millions of
white men. lie does not use the language
which his constituents will use, which is, that
the friends of impartial suffrage propose to dis-
franchise traitors and to enfranchise patriots.
They propose to punish treason and reward
loyalty; and I know the people of Pennsylvania
well enough to know how they will respond to
that proposition.
Mr. BOYER. I desire to ask my colleague
what sort of a government he would call that
in which nine tenths of the adult male popula-
tion are not allowed to vote—whether that is
the kind of republican government which he
has been telling us the Constitution guaranties
to every State?
Mr. KELLEY. Sir, if nine tenths of the
people of a State commit felony, and are con-
victed of it, they are deprived of the right to
vote ; and armed and warring treason involves
all crimes. While, therefore, bloody-handed
traitors, though numbering nine tenths of the
people, are disfranchised by law, let the loyal
people carry on the republican government of
the State.
Mr. BOYER. One more question.
Mr. KELLEY. No, sir; no further inter-
ruption. My colleague believes that in South
Carolina four sevenths of the people, every
soul of whom were loyal, should be disfran-
chised, and three sevenths, every soul of whom
were disloyal, should govern the whole seven
hundred thousand people of the State. That
is not republicanism. That is not democratic
republicanism. That is not the sort of repub-
licanism to which the interests and destiny of
this country can be safely confided.
Mr. BOYER. My colleague is very apt to
interrupt other gentlemen ; and I trust he will
have the courtesy to permit me, in this connec-
tion, to ask him one other question ; and that
is, whether he would disfranchise nine tenths
of the adult male population of a State be-
cause of their treason after tlicy have repented
of that treason, have become loyal citizens,
and returned to their obedience to the Consti-
tution and the laws? I ask him whether he
would, for the sake of punishing them still
■further, establish oligarchies in these States,
by excluding the great mass of their citizens
from the ballot-box.
Mr. KELLEY. Sir, if Probst, who recently
murdered eight members of one family in my
city, repented ever so much, I should still say,
enforce the law against him; if you find his
mental and moral nature so low that you ought
not to execute him, because you do not believe
him to be responsible, keep him in the peni-
tentiary for the residue of his life, but never
turn him loose on society. Protect society
against him, however penitent he may profess
to be. He only killed eight persons—some of
these rebels, for whose equal citizenship the
gentleman contends, killed their hundreds, and
.all of them struck at the life of the nation.
This measure"does not propose to punish them;
on the contrary, it is an act of amnesty, and
proposes, after four years, to reinvest them
with all their rights, which they do not possess
at this time because of their crime.
The only other section of this much abused
proposition is as follows :
Sec. 5. The Congress shall have power to enforce
by appropriate legislation tlie provisions of this
article.
So far as I am individually concerned, I
object to the amendment as a whole, because
it docs not go far enough and propose to at
once enfranchise every loyal man in the coun-
try. I wish to see its power asserted by the
Government. I want to see traitors in heart
or head, those who would hatch or effect
treason, made to understand that the Consti-
tution of the United States is the supreme law
of the land ; that treason is a crime which
must be made odious; that traitors must be
punished; and that it is the purpose of the
governing people of the North, "that pre-
scriptive body of men known as the great
Union party," to maintain these propositions
beyond "all cavil or dispute."
Mr, SMITH. Will the gentleman allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. KELLEY. A short one.
Mr. SMITH. I would ask the gentleman
if he is in favor of disfranchising all the col-
ored men who went into tlie rebel army.
Mr. KELLEY. I am in favor of disfran-
chising every traitor in the laud, whether he
be white or black. But I do not believe the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith] can
lind a black voluntary traitor. Millions of
colored people were property when tlie war
begun; they were owned ; they were dragged
or driven like cattle to where their owners
would have them go ; and if that was to the
battle-field, being there tlicy defended their
lives. They were not allowed to assume re-
sponsibility when they were owned. There-
fore do not adduce the fact that the master
dragged his hound, his horse, or his slave into
the field as evidence against the poor chattel.
Prove the treason, make it evident in auy way
that he was a volunteer in the canse of the
rebellion, then punish him as though he had
been General Robert E. Lee.
Mr. SMITH. I happened to have seen my-
self in the field colored men who were volun-
teers in the rebel service; who were captured
with arms in their hands ; and who confessed
th at they had gone into tlie rebel service of their
own accord. I have seen iu the city of Wash-
ington, since T have had the honor of being a
member of Congress, black men whose whole
sympathies were with the South, and I must
say, in opposition to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, ['Mr. Kelt,e"y,] that I do not feci like
hanging these men of dark complexion who
have voluntarily gone into the rebel army as
privates. I wish to forgive them. Yet these
men, as black as the ace of spades, went into the
rebel army of their own accord to light against
the Government and against you, and yet you
would not hang one of them, while you would
hang the white men who volunteered as they
did to go into the rebel army.
Mr. KELLEY. Do you think they ought
to vote because they fought for the rebellion,
as you would have these others? [Laughter.]
Mr. SMITH. Now the laugh comes from
the other side. [Renewed laughter.] That
is pretty good. Now, I do not object to letting
the black rebel vote if he was a voter before
the rebellion. But the State of Alabama from
whence these men came 
Mr. KELLEY. The gentleman has got
through his question, I suppose.
Mr. SMITH. A moment.
Mr. KELLEY. TIow inuch time have I
left, Mr. Speaker?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Kelley] has two minutes of his
time left.
Mr. KELLEY. I want to say in those two
minutes that all that the gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Smitii] says may be true. I have
known colored men to come in all along our
lines, bringing their arms, ammunition, and
sometimes horses with them, saying they had
pretended to volunteer in the rebel service, in
order that they might get to the front and run
over to the land of freedom. I have no doubt
there were thousands of such cases, and I should,
therefore, require more proof to convict a
freedman, whose master was in the rebel ser-
vice, of treason than I would to convict Lee or
any of the volunteer soldiers of tlie rebel army
who were freemen, the masters of their own
bodies, the possessors, under God, of their own
souls, as the poor negroes wore not allowed
to be.
Mr. SMITH. Now I will take the other half
a minute. I wish to say to the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley,] in support of his
own position, that I have been myself—if 1 may
be pardoned for using that expression at this
time—the recipient of the kindest and strongest
and most loyal admonitions of that dark-com-
plexioned race of which the gentleman has just
been speaking. I have known an instance in
which my own regiment and myself, and, as I
believed at the time, the interest of the 11 front''
to which I was ordered, were protected and
saved by a man born in slavery, a man as dark
as Egyptian blackness itself.
Mr. KELLEY. I wish to ask the gentleman
whether a white traitor is better entitled to vote
for Congress and President than that dark-
skinned patriot.
[Here the hammer fell.] _
Mr. SCHENCK obtained the floor.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I would like to
finish my speech.
The SPEAKER. Does the gentleman from.
Ohio [Mr. Soiiexck] yield to the gentleman
from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith?]
Mr. SCHENCK. For how long?
Mr. SMITH. I only want a minute.
Mr. SCHENCK. Very well.
Mr. SMITH. I wish to say to the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania and to the House and
to the country, that because of the action of
that black man to whom 1 have referred, I
secured to him his freedom by transporting
him, under the authority of the Government,
beyond the section of country where men were
held as slaves; and for this ho gave 1110 his
thanks, which I appreciate. No man to-day
is more willing and more determined to inter-
est himself in giving to these people full and
complete protection than 1 am. I yield noth-
ing to the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Kelley,] 1 yield nothing to that class of men,
in a readiness to acknowledge and reward the
services of men, black as well as white, who
have been faithful to this Government.
Mr. SCHENCK. I believe I must resume
the floor. The gentleman asked me for one
minute and I have given him two.
Mr. Speaker, 1 have 110 prepared speech upon
this very grave subject which we have now
under discussion ; and it is very possible that
tshall not occupy nearly the whole of the thirty
minutes allowed me by the rule which has been
adopted. Still, I desire that whatever I may
say upon the single point to which I propose
to confine myself may be said without inter-
ruption ; and I hope gentlemen will take this
as a notice to permit me to-proceed in my own
way to develop whatever idea I may have, if I
have a clear one upon the subject at, all.
I shall not, speak of this proposed constitu-
tional amendment at large. I should not have
spoken with reference to it at all, at least at
this time, but for the point which has been
made in reference to a single one of its pro-
visions. Objection is specially made to the
third section, as it stands in the report of the
committee. That section, as proposed to be
incorporated into the organic law of the Uni-
ted States, is in these words:
Until the 4th day of July, in the year 1870, all per-
sons who voluntarily adhered to the kiteinsurreetion,
giving it aid and comfort, shall be excluded from the
right to vote for Representatives in Congress and for
electors for President and Vice President of the Uni-
ted States.
I do not say, Mr. Speaker, that this section,
any more than other sections of the amend-
ment, is embodied precisely in the language
which I would have used, or indicates precisely
the change in the Constitution which I would
have preferred, had the choice rested solely
with me. But I am bound, like all other gen-
tlemen, to submit m> peculiar opinions in ref-
erence to this amendment, and every point and
