1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
445
eutly toward it under the cover of false preten-
sions of loyalty.
Mr. STEWART. I,should like to ask another
question. Until what period would the Senator
hold them under territorial subjection—till what
circumstances happened ?
Mr. HOWE. I will tell my friend just how
long: until the Representatives of the American
people in the Congress of the United States who
have demonstrated their fitness to take order
for (lie welfare of the United States shall de-
termine that they will do justice by each other
and obey the laws of the United States; and
when Congress comes to that conclusion, then
do what you have done with all other people in
a territorial condition, organize State govern-
ments for them and treat theui as State gov-
ernments ; not hold them up one day and knock
them down the next.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is not my purpose to
continue the debate. I rise merely with a view
to ask a question of the honorable member
from Wisconsin. I understood him as admit-
ting that the acts of Congress and the acts of
the President to which I adverted, the acts of
legislation and the acts of the Senate in its ap-
pointing power, are al! very strong to show that
the States are in the Union, i understood him
to say that they were in the Union because of
the existing legislation, and that all he proposed
to do was to change the existing legislation by
this resolution of his. I understood him to
say he had voted for the admission of the Sen-
ators from Arkansas, and that he would have
voted for the admission of the Senators from
Louisiana. What I want to know of the hon-
orable member is this: if the Senate had con-
curred with him and had admitted the mem-
bers from those States to their seats and they
were now here, does he think there would be
any power in Congress to legislate them out by
passing a law to govern the States of which they
were the Representatives upon this floor as
Territories? It is true that some of the States,
the new States, are in the Union by legislation;
but if they are in and they are represented on
the floor of the Senate and 011 the floor of the
other House, by the Senate and the House decid-
ing that they wei;e properly elected, I am at a
loss to conceive how by legislation they could
be expelled. If, therefore, the honorable mem-
ber's opinion as to the rights of those Senators
had been the opinion of the Senate, and they
were now upon the floor, here they would remain,
representing the States whose representatives
they purported to be, unless there is vested in
the Senate of the United States by the Consti-
tution an authority to expel by legislation a Sen-
ator upon this floor upon the ground that his
State is not a member of the Union, although
it had decided that fact by admitting him to his
Mr. STEWART. I think the Senator froni
Wisconsin lias made an argument in favor of
the legislation under consideration, but not a
very strong argument in favor of his own reso-
lution. lie tells us that there is disorganiza-
tion in the South. Vv e expected it._ He tells
us that they are proposing legislation _ which
makes an unjust and odious discrimination be-
tween the whites and blacks. We were aware
of that fact. We expected it. But why com-
plain of them for this legislation when we have
now bv the constitutional amendment the power
to legislate on the subject, and when it is our
dutv to do so? We have a bill under consid-
eration which will cure nearly all the evils of
which the gentleman complains. It provides
that the courts of the United States shall have
jurisdiction of all cases arising under that pro-
vision of the Constitution which abolishes sla-
very, and which confers _ upon Congress the
power to carry into execution that article of the
Constitution. This clearly makes it the duty of
Congress to provide for the case, and Congress
has assumed this duty in other like cases. No
ease existed before where there were so strong
reasons for the action of Congress. 1 he fugi-
tive-slave clause of the Constitution was carried
into effect by the courts of the United Stales
without any pro\ision in the Constitution that
Congress should legislate on the subject. The
Consfilulion simply provided that the States
should deliver up fugitives from labor and fugi-
tives from justice, and it was settled that under
that clause the courts could take jurisdiction of
their delivery when Congress had passed an act
for that purpose, and here is a bill simply adopt-
ing that machiuer) and applying it to the case
of the freedmen.
If there are in the South laws that reenslave
the negro, we are passing laws to abrogate
them ; we can sweep them all out of existence.
I do not suppose there is a Senator upon our
side of the House who doubts the power of Con-
gress to protect the negroes under the consti-
tutional amendment, that has been already-
adopted. Then, I say, that if we do our duly
under that provision, the fact that those States
have laws hostile to our institutions is no argu-
ment in favor of reducing them to a territorial
condition. If we have the complete power to
protect loyal men, to execute the laws in favor
of freedmen, to abrogate all laws making them
slaves or degrading or oppressing them, why
not act by doing our duty and passing laws that
shall secure these ends?
Then, having done that, what else do we
want, to accomplish? "We all want them to be
States as soon aS possible. Will it be taking a
step forward lo destroy the little of organiza-
tion they have accomplished? You say these
organizations are hostile to the negro. Very
well; suppose they are, they have 110 power to
carry into effect any laws hostile to the negro,
because that is taken out of their hands and
put in the power of the General Government.
The fact that they are not treating the negro
right is no argument in favor of destroying their
organizations, inasmuch as we have complete
power over them so far as that quest,ion is con-
cerned. What is the object of destroying them ?
If they can do no harm, the Senator has fur-
nished 110 argument for their destruction by
showing that they do not protect the negro.
What is the remaining argument for their
destruction? That they were created without
authority of law. Suppose that to be the fact,
still they are organizations gotten up by the
people ; and if they can be matured into States,
why not let them" alone? You may say that
they send men to Congress who are hostile to
the Government of the United States, rebels,
traitors, lo represent them. Have we not power
to keep such men out ? Have we not a test oath
that will keep them out? Is it not our duty
to exercise a right of discrimination under this
test oath, so as to encourage Union men? Why
not discriminate between thoso who are hostile
! and those who are loyal? The efiect of such
| a course will be to strengthen your friends in
| the South; but pass laws making no discrimi-
j nation, treat them all as hostile to the Govern-
! ment, act upon the supposition that we have
no friends at the South, and we shall have 110
friends. We have no more friends there now
than we need; they are in a sorry condition :
we have very few friends in that country, and
they have very little power ; but a sweeping law
that shall treat them ail as aliens will never give
us more, friends. If we can protect the loyal
men by the arms of the United Slates legiti-
mately in carrying out the provisions of the
constitutional amendment, 1 because the Presi-
dent has a right lo execute the luws. and to call
out the forees of the Tni1 ed States to execute
them if they are resisted.) and can at the same
time secure the rights of the freedmen, ought
we not to be .satisfied? Why not so^ act now
that we shall be at liberty 111 all our future ac-
tion to discriminate between the loyal and the
disloyal? If you destroy the existing organiza-
tions entirely and build up new ones of your
own, ignoring the fact that there are any loyal
men there, when will you have those States back
in the Union ? I ask this as a practical question.
I understand that among those sent hero by
the southern States to represent them there are
some loyal men, at least one or two. There
are l.iva'l men there, and they will be encour-
aged bv our admitiing the loyal men who have
been sent here. Yon have power to keep dis-
loyal men out of these Halls ; and why not, ex-
ercise it? "What is the use of tearing down that
which has already been done ? When you have
torn it down, there are not two Senators on this
floor who agree as to what shall be built up in
its place. We differ as much among ourselves
as to the manner of building up, as any of us-
do with the President in regard to what he has
done. I say, let us not pull down, but let us
sustain what we can; let us hold fast to that
which is good. To protect the southern loyal
men, to protect the freedmen under the author-
ized power of the Constitution is our first and
paramount duty. Let us do that; let us ex-
tend the hand of fellowship to the loyal men
whom we may find in the South, and who will
help us to sustain the Constitution and the
Union and to enforce the laws ; and then we
shall have done something toward a practical
restoration ; but if we continue here as we are,
each man presenting daily his own plan no
two agreeing as to what ought to be done, one
pulling down what another tries to build up, it
will be very long before the South will be recon-
structed to suit us.
Now, I am opposed to tearing down ; I am in
favor of holding fast to what we have that is
good. We have been legislating fof a few days,
in the right direction toward reconstruction, and
let me say to the Democrats on the other side
of the House that I do not think their opposi-
tion to these measures is calculated to advance
reconstruction, because it is impossible ever to
receive into these Halls any men from the South
unless they come from States where law and
order prevail.
Mr. SALTLSBURY. "Will my honorable friend
allow me to make one remark as he has men-
tioned Democrats ? I do not know a Democrat
inthe length and breadth of this whole land who
believes in the doctrine of reconstruction. They
do not admit the propriety of that term. Our
fathers constructed the States for us, and they
remain as our fathers constructed them.
Mr. STEWART. I am not here to discuss
terms. You may call it ''.restoration," or you
may call it "reconstruction you may call it
one thing or another. The laet exists that we
have had a war. The fact exists that while we
had that war the southern States were not act-
ing in harmony with the Union. The fact ex-
ists that we want to get them back in harmony.
These arc plain facts. The fact now exists that
we have amended the Constitution, and that
under it we are empowered to keep order in the
South and protect the freedmen while this pro-
cess of restoration is going on. These are plain
facts, and I say to the Democrats on the other
i side of the House that they retard reconstrue-
! tion when they ask that we shall withhold mil-
! itary power from the South and allow anarchy
I and disorder to prevail there; because, no mat-
! ter whether they are States in the Union or out
| of the Union, their representatives cannot he
| received in Congress unless they come from
; States where law and order prevail. The war
| must have been entirely concluded, we must
! have peace and order there before they can
I again act in harmony with us. These measures
! are calculated to give that peace and order, and
I flatter myself that the great mass of ihesoulh-
crn people, the best ol them, are in favor of
peace and order: but they are powerless to re-
* store it. It must be restored and hold there,
! until societv shall settle, by the strong arm of
! the Government. Let us do this ; let us_save
1 tlic organizations tliafc arc already proviucu,
and then we can commence discriminating in
i favor of loyal men at the South who will work
' for the glory of the whole nation, w ho will stand
1 by us as good and true men. There are some
1 such there, and however few they may bo they
! ought to be encouraged. We can in that way
■ give them a nucleus about which to rally, and
we can make some progress during this session.
I This seems to me to be the practical way of
' reconstructing. It matters not whether these
organizations were legally started or not, they
exist there. What good will it do us to lear
them down? Have we not control there iui' ;yl
1 practical purposes to preserve order as fully
