1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8429
illustration. But it is not my intention this
morning to make any extended reply to the
hostile criticisms on my remarks which the
Postmaster General has deemed it proper to
gather up and present here under the disguise
of a report. I will do that at some future time,
when 1 shall renew the motion I have hereto-
fore made, urging upon the Government the
extension of its postal system so as to embrace
telegraphic messages.
I do not think it probable that anything will
be done at the present session in this connec-
tion, in the face of the adverse report which
has l5oen presented by the Postmaster General,
and I shall therefore have no objection to tak-
ing up the bill which has been reported by the
special committee, and doing what may be
done in that behalf. I give notice, however,
that I shall renew at the next session of Con-
gress the attempt in this behalf.
Let me say, however, in conclusion, that I
think the Postmaster General has reflected
more discredit upon himself as a public officer
ill ibis connection than perhaps has transpired
in regard to any high public functionary in this
Government for a long period of time.
Those who have heretofore held the position
of Postmaster General have endeavored to sig-
nalize themselves by defending it against the
inroads of monopolies, by advancing the ser-
vice, by giving to it the money-order system,
the free-delivery system, the registration sys-
tem, by facilitating the convenience of the peo-
ple, and by carrying forward the service instead
of standing in their places and repressing by
illiberal and unfair reports every effort that
may be made to extend and expand its useful-
ness and scope. And then such reasons as
are lugged in to sustain this consolidated tele-
graph despotism, and prevent Congress from
legislating for the relief of the people 1 Tuke
one illustration. lie says in his report:
"As the result of mvinvesti^atinn, under the, reso-
lution of the Senate, 1 am of (he opinion that it will
not be wi-e for the Government to inaugurate the
proposed system of telegraphs us a part of the postal
service, not only because of its doubtful financial suc-
cess, but also its questionable feasibility under our
potitieal system.''
Doubtful financial success? Pshaw! and that
in the face of corporations that have expended
themselves from five millions, which may be
held to represent their construction account,
to fifty millions, which is the proposed capital
stock on which they design to base their divi-
dends. And again, ''feasibilityundcr our polit-
ical system;'1 as if (he bearings of our political
system had anything to do with determining
whether the Post Ofliee should send its mes-
sages and letters on the rail or on the wire,
by post roads or by telegraph lines. It is too
ridiculous lor further comment.
Mr. SHERMAN*. I regret very much the
remarks made by the Senator from Missouri,
because I know them to be unjust, so far as
this bill is Concerned. 1 know that Governor
Dennison, the present Postmaster General, de-
sires to promote the very object the honorable
Senator from .Missouri desires to promote,
the extension of the telegraphic system and
its eventual absorption by the Government of
the United States : and therefore all his re-
marks on this subject are very unjust. The
Postmaster General was called upon for in-
formation by a resolution of the Senate, I
think introduced by the honorable Senator
himself. Where would he get that informa-
tion? He sent letters to all the leading per-
sons engaged in the business, to the men
themselves who had interest, on both sides.
He addressed the persons who were interested
in this very project of creating new competi-
tion. The whole of their replies were sent to
him, and he communicated them to Congress.
He has given, himself, no opinion on the sub-
ject. He has stated that on account of the
large cost of establishing a Government sys-
tem he does not think it should be done now.
He shows by the figures he sends us that it
would cost from ten to twenty million dollars,
and perhaps more, to establish this system
now, and he thinks we have not sufficient in-
formation to engage generally in the business.
In that opinion lie may bo wrong; but upon
the information that he gathered he probably
was not wrong. He sends the whole of that
information to us. 1 desire to state further
that I submitted this very bill, reported from
the special committee on the subject, to Gov-
ernor Dennison, and it meets his hearty ap-
proval. He examined it carefully, and thought
we ought to do that much, and be prepared to
do more from time to time, as the system
might develop itself. The whole system is
new; it is but a little over twenty years since
the first telegraphic message was sent across
the wires between Baltimore and Washington.
We must first get a rival or private competi-
tion with the existing company to reduce prices,
and then, perhaps, after awhile the Govern-
ment may do as the republic of Switzerland
has already done, assume the whole telegraph-
ing. In the little republic of Switzerland tel-
egraph messages are sent by the Government
precisely like postal letteis, at a uniform charge
of one franc per message. The British Gov-
ernment are now considering whether in Great
Britain they will not.do the same thing by Gov-
ernment, and I have no doubt that in a year
or two telegraphic messages will be sent by
the Government, precisely as the Government
sends a letter of the citizen all over Great
Britain ; and eventually 1 hope we shall come
to the same thing. As it is now, it costs two
dollars to send a 'message from Washington
city to my home, in the center of (he Slate of
Ohio. It costs now more than it did the first
year the telegraph was established in this
country. The great company that has now
nominally fifty millions of capital, probably
represents ten or lif'teen millions of property ;
all the rest is accumulated profits or watered
stock. It is manifest, therefore, that this bill
or some measure to create competition ought
to pass.
But I only rose now to reply to what I con-
sider an unjust personal remaik on Governor
Dennison, in tliis connection. He, 1 have no
doubt, favors the object of this bill; indeed
I know that he favors this bill itself, and he
favors the object which we all seek. The
remarks of' the Senator, so far as Governor
Dennison is concerned in this connection, are
unjust.
Mr. BROWN. I said nothing about Gov-
ernor Dennison favoring this bill, but T said
ho had thrown the whole weight of his position
as Postmaster General against this reform of
the postal service.
Mr. SIIHKMAN. Only by communicating
information, reports from interested parties.
Mr. BROWN. And by expressing his de-
cided opinion that it was not feasible under
our political system.
Mr. SHERMAN. At present.
Mr. BROWN. He does not say '■ at present."
Mi. SHERMAN. I Hunk tbe Senator has
given too much force to the language of Gov-
ernor Dennison. The honorable Senator from
Missouri has been absent during most of the
time we have been considering this matter :
and although he takes it very much to heart, I
think if he had been here and had conferred
with Governor Dennison he would have found
that he is not so much opposed to this system
as the Senator imagines lie is. I think he is
prepared to aid and eivc the aid of his ofliee
at any time to extending the telegraph system
and cheapening the rate of telegraph messages.
Mr. GUTHRIE. 1 am opposed to this bill
and to all this system of legislating so as to
create corporations by the national Govern-
ment, or to extend the rights of corporations
created by the States. It interferes with ex-
isting corporations in the land, whether they
be railroads or whether they be canals or cor-
porations established for any other mode of
conveyance or transit. I do not think under
this system of government we have any busi-
ness with such legislation in Congress. The
avowed object here is to give the company
named in this bill the advantage of the na-
tional Government and of a national charter
against existing corporations in which it is
said there have been some forty or fifty mil-
lions of capital invested during the last twenty
years. Sir, we have an immense system of
telegraphing throughout the United States,
which is vastly convenient to the citizens.
Now, the object of this bill is to break down
that whole fabric by creating a counter-corpo-
ration, with the favor of the United States, ex-
tending to all the States of. the Union. Let
this company in New York, if it is so rich and
so powerful as it is claimed to be, build its
lino of telegraph and enter into competition
in the States, and let us give them no sanction
by Congress. Let us not interfere with the
enterprise and capital of the people and the
arrangements which the States have made for
tran sm itting i tiform ation.
If this system of legislation is tolerated, we
shall be hero engaged in granting charters to
interfere with Ihe private rights that are granted
by the States, and to break down the profits
of the large amount of capital that has been
invested in telegraph lines, in railroads, and
perhaps in canals, and after awhile in bridges.
We cannot tell where this thing is to end. I
think this Government has quite enough to do
to manage the national affairs, without inter-
fering with the internal affairs of the States,
which belong properly to State jurisdiction
and State regulation.
I am opposed to this whole measure. I do
not think the time has come for the General
Government to embark in the business of tel-
egraphing. I agree with the Postmaster Gen-
eral on that point. We have not transacted
the business committed to us in such a very
economical way as to make it desirable that,
before we get out of debt, we should try our
band upon these new enterprises and new un-
dertakings. I shall vote for the amendment
of the Senator from Iowa, but I shall voto
against the wdiole measure.
Mr. D00L1TTLH. I incline to think (hat
I also .shall vote for the amendment of the Sen-
ator from Iowa, but after all I am in doubt in
my own mind whether the Government ought
to take telegraphing away from the people and
put it under its own control, or whether it
.should not rather give back the post ofliee to
the people and let the Government have noth-
ing <o do with it. but let the people run the
whole concern, post office, telegraph, and all.
I think we shall arrive at that point some day
—wo are not educated up to it yet—when we
can dispense with the wdiole Post Olhee De-
partment and let (he people take care of the
transmission of their own letters, just as they
do of their own merchandise.
But, sir, I do not think we can dispose of
this question to-day. It is too important iu
all its bearings lobe discussed and acted upon,
and disposed of now. I think it had better bo
postponed. I move that this bill be postponed
until to-morrow, for the purpose of going on
with other matters.
Mr. S1IBUMAN. This matter has been fully
considered by the Post Office Department and
by the special committee on the subject. The
bill has been twice before the Senate, and it is
now up again. Let me say another word to
the honorable Senator from Wisconsin. There
is not a single power conferred by this bill upon
the new company that is not already conferred
upon the old corporations. Every provision
of this bill has been already granted by law to
the old existing corporations, and besides that*
they have 540,000 a year from the Government
of the United States as an express monopoly.
'They have already got from this Government
without, objection every provision in this bill,
and besides that an annuity of $40,000 a year.
I hope we shall at least put this new company
that proposes to compete with them upon an
equal footing with them without an annuity,
and that is all this bill does. I hope the bill
will bo disposed of.
Mr. POMERO Y. I hope we shall finish this
bill to-day. I have always found that after we
discuss a bill and then lay if. aside and have it
come up a. second time, we have the debate to
