1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
Senate & Ho. of Reps:
sence of any just ground of complaint, these
confederated Indians entered into an alliance
with the rebel authorities and raised regiments
in support of their cause. The organized troops
fought side by side with rebel soldiers, and de-
tached bands made frequent assaults on the
neighboring white settlements, which were with-
out adequate means of defense, and on the In-
dians who maintained friendly relations with
this Government. This state of things contin-
ued until the surrender of the rebel forces west
of the Mississippi. Hostilities were then sus-
pended, and, attherequestof the Indians, com-
missioners were sent to negotiate a treaty of
peace. Such preliminary arrangements were
made as, it is believed, will result in the aboli-
tion of slavery among them, the cession, within
the Indian Territory, of lands for the settle-
ment of the civilized Indians now residing on
reservations elsewhere, and the ultimate e;tab-
lisliment of civil government, subject to the su-
pervision of the United States.
The perfidious conduct of the Indians in mak-
ing unprovoked war upon us has been visited
with the severest retribution. The country within
the Indian Territory has been laid waste, vast
amounts of property destroyed, and the inhab-
itants reduced from a prosperous condition to
such extreme destitution that thousands of them
must inevitably perish duringthe present winter
unless timely provision be made by this Govern-
ment for their relief.
Hostile relations, such as have existed for
several generations, continue between man}- of
the most tierce and warlike tribes of New Mex-
ico and Arizona and the white inhabitants. A
considerable military force is necessary for the
protection of the latter and the maintenance of
public order.
The Indians of the plains, who subsistehiefly
on buffalo, follow them on their migration toward
the north in the early pari of the summer, and
return in autumn, spreading over the western
part of the State of Kansas and the Territories
of Nebraska, Dakota, Montana, and Colorado.
Influenced by the unfriendly Indians of the
Southwest, and probably incited by rebel emis-
saries, they maintained active and vigorous hos-
tilities. Our defenseless frontier settlements
were harassed; the communication between the
Mississippi valley and our possessions on the
Pacific seriously interrupted; emigrant and Gov-
ernment trains assailed; property of great value
destroyed, and men, women, and children bar-
barously murdered. It became the imperative
diiiv of the Government to send military expe-
ditions against these savages, which chocked
the commission of further outrages, and induced
them to sue for peace. On the recommenda-
tions of the generals in command of our forces
a commission, composed of officers ot the Army
and civilians, was sent to the upper Arkansas
and the upper Missouri. Satisfactory treaties
have been negotiated with a large number of
these tribes. Some of themcouldnotbereaclied
on account of the lateness of the season, but
it is believed that similar arrangements can be
made with them during the early fiart of the
approaching spring.
It is difficult to maintain peaceful relations
with the Indians in Minnesota. The terrible
massacre of the white inhabitants in the year
1862 is fresh in the memory ol' the country.
The intense exasperation which followed led
in that State to a policy, which has also pre-
vailed to some extent in several of our organ-
ized Territories, inducing a personal predatory
warfare between the frontier citizens, emigrants,
and miners, and isolated bands of Indians
belonging, in many instances, to tribes at peace
with the Government. This_ awakens a spirit
of retaliation, inciting atrocious acts of vio-
lence, which, oft repeated, result in irreparable
disasters to both races.
The policy of the total destruction ot the
Indians has been openly advocated by gentle-
men of high position, intelligence, and per-
sonal character; but no enlightened nation can
adopt or sanction it without a forfeiture of its
self-respect, and the respect of the civilized
nations of the earth.
Financial considerations forbid the inaugura-
tion of such a policy. The attempted destruc-
tion of three hundredthonsand of these people,
accustomed to a nomadic life, subsisting upon
the spontaneous productions of the earth, and
familiar with the fastnesses of the mountains
and the swamps of the plains, would involve
an appalling sacrifice of the lives of our soldiers
and frontier settlers, and the expenditure of
untold treasure. It is estimated that the main-
tenance of each regiment of troops engaged
against the Indians of the plains costs the
Government $2,000,000 per annum. All the
military operations of last summer have not
occasioned the immediate destruction of more
than a few hundred Indian warriors. Such a
policy is manifestly as impracticable as it is in
violation of every dictatc of humanity and
Christian duty.
It is therefore recommended that stringent
legislation be adopted for the punishment of
violations of the lights of persons and property
of members of Indian tribes who are at peace
with the Government.
Sufficient appropriations should be made to
supply the pressing wants of these wards of
the Government, resulting from the encroach-
ing settlements springing up in every organized
Territory. The occupation of their hunting
grounds and fisheries by agriculturists, and
even of their mountain fastnesses by miners,
has necessarily deprived the Indians of their
accustomed means of support, and reduced
them to extreme want. If the deficiency- so
occasioned should not be supplied, it is not to<
be expected that a savage people can be re-
strained from seeking, by violence, redress of
what they conceive to be a grievous wrong.
That their growing wants thus caused may
not become a'perpetual burden, every reason-
able effort should be made to induce the Indians
to adopt agricultural and pastoral pursuits. It
is recommended that Congress provide a civil-
ization and educational fund, to be disbursed
in such mode as to secure the cooperation and
assistance of benevolent, organizations, afford-
ing an opportunity for private citizens to dis-
pense their charities to these impoverished
children of the forest through the usual chan-
nels. It is believed that all the Christian
churches would gladly occupy this missionary
field, supplying a large per cent, of the means
necessary for their instruction, and thus bring
into contact with the Indian tribes a class of
men and women whose lives conform to a
higher standard of morals than that which is
recognized as obligatory by too many of the
present employes of the Government.
On taking charge of this Department, on the
lotli day of May last, the lelations of officers
respectively engaged in the military and civil
departments in the Indian country were in an
unsatisfactory condition. A supposed con-
flict of jurisdiction and a want ot confidence
in each other led to mutual criminations,
whereby the success of military operations
against hostile tribes and the execution of the
policy of this Department were seriously im-
peded. Upon conferring with the War De-
partment, it was informally agreed that the
agents and officers under the control uf the
Secretary of the Interior should hold no inter-
course, except through the military authorities,
with tribes of Indians against whom hostile
measures were in program; and that the mili-
tary authorities should refrain from interfer-
ence with such agents and officers in their
relations with all other tribes, except to afford
the neeessan- aid for the enforcement of the
regulations of this Department. This informal
arrangement has been executed in good faith,
producing, it is believed, a salulaiv effect, on
the bearing of the hostile liibes. and securing
the desired harmony and efficient, conperation
of those charged with this branch of the public
service.
It is earnestly recommended that the super-
intendents, and also agents of a suitable grade,
be empowered to act as civil magistrates within
the limits of reservations where the tribal rela-
tions are maintained, and also on the plains
remote from the jurisdiction of the civil author-
ities. The want of an acceptable and efficient
provision for the administration of justice has
been sensibly felt in cases arising between mem-
bers of the tribes, or between Indians and the
white men who have been permitted to reside
among them. The extent of the jurisdiction
and the mode of its exercise should be clearly
defined by congressional enactment.
The Secretary of the Treasury holds certain
stocks in trust forthe Cliickasawnationalfund,
which amount, as appears by his report of the
0th of December last, to the sum of $1,816,-
281 31. Public securities and certificates of
stock of the par value of $3,053,592 16, con-
stituting the trust fund of other Indian tribes,
are deposited with the Secretary of the Inte-
rior. I am not aware of any good reason for
a divided' custody of these funds. It is sug-
gested that Congress designate a depositary
for all the securities held by the United States
in trust for the Indians.
Copious details in regard to each branch of
the Indian service are furnished in the volu-
minous and well-considered report of the Com-
missioner of Indian Affairs. I respectfully
refer to it for further information, and com-
mend the various suggestions it contains to the
favorable consideration of Congress.
PATENTS.
During the year ending September 30, 1865,
there were received at the Patent Office 11,860
applications for patents, and 70 applications for
an extension of patents. Six thousand two hun-
dred and ninety-two patents (including reissues
and designs) were issued, and 01 extensions
granted. One thousand live hundred and thirty-
eight caveats were filed. Seven hundred and
forty-one applications allowed, but no patents
issued thereon by reason of the non-payment
of the final fee.
On the 1st day of October, 1864, there was a
balance to the credit of the fund of $56,117 39.
The fees received for the succeeding twelve
months amounted to $316,987 27. The expend-
itures duringthe same period were $262,445 47.
Leaving a balance on the 1st day of Ootober,
180*, of $110,659 19.
The law provides that in interference eases,
or where letters patent, have been refused, an
appeal lies from the decision of the primary ex-
aminer to the examiners in chief and from their"
decision to the Commissioner of Patents. Ac-
cording to a judicial construction of existing
laws, an appeal may be taken from the decision
of the Commissioner to the chief justice, or one
of the associate judges of the supreme court of
this District. Thisprocedureisunnecessarilyeir-
cuitous and protracted, and should be abridged
by an amendment of the law so as to allow an
appeal from the decision of the primary exam-
iner or the examiners in chief directly to the
supreme court of the District of Columbia,
if the party against whom it is rendered st>
elects.
The Commissioner of Patents is clothed with
uni'esliained discietionary power in all cases of
application for the extension of patents. His
i decision, whether favorable or unfavorable, is
I final, and frequently involves private and public
I interests of enormous value. It is submitted
i for the consideration of Congress whether it is
wise to lodge so large a power with a subordi-
i nate officer, without, subjecting its exercise to
i the supervisory control of the head of the De-
partment.
CENSUS.
! Immediately after entering on the discharge of
< my official duties, niv attention was directed to
| the condition of the work relating to the returns
' of the eighth census. Two quarto volumes had
: been published; one in March, 1804, entitled
I " Population," the other in March, 1865, enti-
1 tied "Agriculture;" and materials had been
