1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1511
this matter settled, and not to have a wander-
ing commission of naval officers to go around
to see if tliey cannot find some place where we
can spend a great deal more money. I tliink
it best to settle the matter, to malse these ap-
propriations, and have no more to say about
the location of the Academy. That is my delib-
erate judgment.
Mr. ANTHONY. One word in regard to
the time to be consumed. It seems to be as-
sumed that this commission is going to occupy
a good deal of time. 1 think the time would
be very well spent if it did; but the whole
tiling can be done in two months ; and as the
annual cruise commences about the lstof June,
the buildings can be done as soon as thev are
required after the report of this commission.
Mr. FESSENDEN. They cannot be finished
in one year.
Mr. ANTHONY. If we are to lay out a
great deal more than eight hundred thousand
dollars, and the Secretary of the Navy is in
favor of one plan, and the chairman of the
Committee on Naval Affairs is in favor of an-
other plan, I think we had better appoint um-
pires of the highest capacity to decide between
thein before the money is laid out.
Mr. GRIMES. The plan proposed by the
Senator from lthode Island is not the Secreta-
ry' s plan. The Secretary proposes that it be left
to the Department to select a site. It may be
true that he desires to expend §800,000. I
do not propose to do any such thing. I have
suggested to the Senate what I believe is the
most economical way of disposing of this ques-
tion. I have proposed that we add $100,000
for the erection %f a new building which it
seems Commodore Blake thought would cost
$800,000.
Mr. ANTHONY. _ Oh, no._
Mr. GRIMES. What was it that he made
the estimate about?
Mr. ANTHONY. He thought that the whole
expenditure to make^ it worthy of the country
would be $800,000, and my friend from Iowa
thought it would be $20,000, and yet ho now
asks for $200,000.
Mr. GRIMES. Oh, no, Mr. President. I
can only account for the gentleman's statements
by the zeal he manifests.
Mr. ANTHONY. I have it here in the Con-
gressional Globe.
Mr. GRIMES. I stated that it would cost
$20,000 peihaps to remove the Academy back
to Annapolis. The Senator has a reference to
what I said in the Globe before him; let him
read it. I said it would cost that much to bring
the Academy back, that that would be the ex-
pense of transportation. I do not think 1 could
have said anything else than that. The Sena-
tor can see for himself; he has the Globe before
him.
Mr. ANTHONY. I was trying to find the
debate.
Mr. G RIMES. I will assume that that was
what I did say, that it would cost $20,000 for
transportation to bring the materials we had at
Newport back to Annapolis. I never said it
would not cost $20,000 to fit up the buildings
that had been occupied by the Army as hospitals
and after the partitions had been thrown down
in order to give a free circulation of air. I did
not know what that would cost, and I would
not be foolish enough to make a statement in
the presence of the Senate that any particular
sum would be the exact amount that would be
required.
Now, sir, I propose to retain this Academy
at Annapolis because, as I said before, I be-
lieve it is in the proper climate, it is in the right
location, central to our country, and near the
seat of Government; and we have already ex-
pended in the purchase of the grounds at Annap-
olis and in the construction of buildings there
more than nine hundred thousand dollars. I
do not propose, I do not think it is the dictate
of economy, to throw away all the money that
has been expended there and appoint a roving
commission to travel around over the country
to see if they cannotfind a place where they can
again expend a similar sum for the same pur-
pose.
Mr. ANTHONY. I ask for the yeas and
navs on my amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 5, nays 32; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Howe, Sherman, Sprague,
and Sumner—5.
NAYS —Messrs. Brown, Buckalew, Chandler,
Cowan, Cragin, Creswell, Davis, Doolittle, Fessen-
den, Foster, Grimes, Guthrie, Harris, Johnson, Iiirk-
wood, Lane of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morgan,
Morrill, Nesmith, Norton, Nye, Poland, Poineroy,
Ramsey, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Stewart, Van Winkle,
"Wade, Willey, and Yates—32.
ABSENT —Messrs. Clark, Conness, Dixon, Foot,
Henderson, Hendricks, Howard, McDougall, Stock-
ton, Trumbull, Williams, Wilson, and Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
Mr. GRIMES. I have a few more amend-
ments to offer in addition to those which I sub-
mitted the other day. The first amendment
which 1 offer now is to insert after line two
hundred and ninety-one;
For the construction of a levee on tho river front
of the Government property at Mound City, Illinois,
$7,000.
During the war the Government acquircdtitle
to some property at Mound City, in the State of
Illinois, and it is still continued as a depot for
naval purposes. It is probably known to my
friend frOin Illinois [Mr. Trumbull] that they
sometimes have tolerably high water there, as
I undertook to prove to him on a former occa-
sion. The city has constructed a levee, accord-
ing to the plan which I have before me, around
the whole town, in the rear of it and in front
of it, leaving, however, a vacant space in front
of the naval depot. Their levee, which they
have expended between seventy and eighty
thousand dollars to construct, is useless to them
unless we make a levee along our water front.
This amendment is moved in accordance with
a letter from the commandant there, Commo-
dore Schcnck, and a letter from the head of
the Bureau of Yards and Bocks ; and it is
simply to authorize tho Navy Department to
build a levee along, abreast of, and in front of
our property.
Mr. FESSENDEN. "Will $7,000 do it?
Mr. GRIMES. Seven thousand dollars is
tho estimate.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. (HUMES. I offer another amendment
as a new section:
.-1 nd hf itfurthrr enacted, That the office of assistant
in the Bureauof Ordnance be,andthesameishereby,
abolished.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer this amendment to
come in after line two hundred and ninety-one:
To pay mileage of Visitors to the Naval Academy,
51,000.
I have a letter before me from the chief of
the Bureau of Navigation, Commodore Jen-
kins, 'saying that by an oversight this item had
been left out of the estimates.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. On Friday when this bill
was under consideration an amendment was
adopted appropriating S2.000 for the exten-
sion of the chapel at the Naval Academy. I
offer this now as a substitute for that propo-
sition  .
Mr. FESSENDEN. You will first have to
reconsider the vote adopting that.
Mr. GRIMES. Well, I offer this amend-
ment to take the place of that:
For the enlargement of the chapel at the Naval
Academy and for the. erection of mural tablets
therein to commemorate the memory of naval offi-
cers who have sacrificed their lives in the service of
the country, $7,000.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why is the sum changed?
The Senator got all he desired the other day,
I thought.
Mr. GRIMES. I did; but I have a letter
from the chaplain and from the admiral in
charge, received on Sunday, after the appro-
priation referred to had been adopted and after
it was known what it was at the Academy, ask-
ing that we should appropriate $20,000 for the
purpose of building a new chapel. I have been
there and examined the chapel, and I hare done
some building in my time, and I. do not believe
that it is necessary to build a new chapel at the
Academy, and I believe that $7,000 will not
only enlarge the_ chapel to a sufficient capacity
but will enable in addition these mural tablets
ormonumentstobemade, prepared, and erected
in this extension, and hereafter, when a new
chapel shall become necessary, they can be
taken out and put into the new chapel. They
think that an appropriation much larger than
t.iat which I have proposed, just, about three
times as large, should be made, but I shall ask
for only the amount named in this amendment.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator ask that the former amendment shall
be reconsidered?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then it is a question
for the Senate to decide whether they think it
proper to appropriate S5,000 for the sake of
making the mural tablets that are proposed.
Mr. GRIMES. So far as the House of Rep-
resentatives are concerned, that system has
been established in the military bill sent to us
from that body.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where is it to be done?
Mr. GRIMES. In the chapel at West Point.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I reported the W>est
Point bill this morning. I will see whether
there is any thing of that kind there. I think
the Senator is mistaken about it.
Mr. GRIMES. Even if I be mistaken I think
it would be most proper in every respect that
tho Government should do it as an incentive
to the young men who are to sit in that chapel
during the religious services in the four years
of their probationary course there, to see some
commemoration of the virtues of those men
who have fallen in defense of their country;
but I am satisfied that it was adopted by the
House for I remember reading it.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Itismoved
that the Senate reconsider the vote by which
they concurred in the amendment made as in
Committee of the Whole, appropriating $2,000
for the enlargement and extension of the chapel
at the Naval Academy.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am willing to take
the sense of the Senate.
The motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on that amendment.
The amendment was not concurred in.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on tho amendment now offered by the
Senator from Iowa.
The amendment was agreed to.
■ Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following amend-
ment as a new section:
Ami be il further enacted, That for tho purpose of
settling the accounts of disbursing officers of the
Navy where payments for contingent, expenses have
been, made from the appropriation for tho pay of tho
Navy prior to the passage of the act making appro-
priations for the fiscal year ending June 30, 1864, the
Secretary of the Treasury bo, and he is hereby, au-
thorized to transfer from the appropriation for tho
pay of the Navy to the appropriation for contingen-
cies, the sum of $245,004 12.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I offer the following:
And be it further enacted, That tho act approved
August 31, 1852, for surveys and reconnoissances for
naval and commercial purposes, of such parts of
Behrin? strait ol the North Pacific ocean, and or
the China seas as are frequented by American whale-
ships and by trading vessels in their routes between
the United States and China, be, and the same is
hereby, revived: and the Secretary of the .Navy is
hereby authorized and required to recommence and
continue surveys and reconnoissances in the Pacific
ocean, not yet fully examined, by using such vessels,
officers, crews, outfits and_ supplies of the .Navy as
may be necessary and available for that service.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am in some doubt
about that. I should like to know why the
former act. was repealed. The Senator from
Iowa, I suppose, knows the history of it; it is
a new subject entirely to me. I do not know
but that it is all right, but I should like an
explanation from the Senator.
Mr. GRIMES. I did not suppose it would
be necessary for me to enter into a very minute
