32
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
[December 4,
Senate & Ho. op Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Interior.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Several of the streets of Washington have been
paved in a neat and substantial manner since
the adjournment of Congress, and the munici-
pal authorities are making like improvements
upon other streets, which will add greatly both
to their beauty and their utility as public thor-
oughfares. It is submitted that Congress should
encourage this spirit by corresponding improve-
ments upon the avenues. The Commissioner
of Public Buildings refers to the dilapidated
condition of the pavement, on Pennsylvania ave-
nue, and recommends that an appropriation be
made by Congress for the substitution of either
the Belgian orthe Nicholsonpavementthrough-
out its length, and also for the opening and
grading of such of the remaining avenues lead-
ing to the Capitol as remain closed. These
avenues are under the exclusive control of Con-
gress, and justice seems imperatively to require
that the national Government should defray the
expense of paving and keeping them in repair.
If the burden of paving the avenues, as well as
the streets, is to be thrown upon the owners of
contiguous property, the mayor suggests that
the law be so amended as to reduce the width
of the carriage-ways, and that the intervening
space between them and the pavement be flanked
with a line of curbstones, sodded, and planted
with ornamental shade trees.
I recommend that the law authorizing a local
tax for sewerage be so amended as to enable
the eity to levy the same equitably upon all
property benefited by such improvement. A
general system of sewerage should at once be
adopted by the city, the expense of which
should be borne in part by the Government.
I invite the attention of Congress to the views
of the mayor touching the locality occupied by
the Center market. For a long time this space
has been disfigured by dilapidated and unsightly
sheds and stalls, called a ''Market House."
The city, in the belief that it was authorized to
appropriate the ground, made efforts to replace
these by a commodious building of correct ar-
chitectural proportions, properly furnished for
the public accommodation. Its erection had
been commenced, but the work was suspended
in compliance with the supposed requirements
of a joint resolution, approved June 30, 1864,
authorizing the Secretary of the Interior to re-
claim and preserve certain property of the Uni-
ted States. 1 commend the subject to your
consideration, with a view to such legislation
as the convenience of the city and the interests
of the public require.
The mayor's communication also calls atten-
tion to the fact that the youths of the District are
largely in excess of the accommodation which
can be furnished them in the public schools.
No doubt many of them are receiving education
in private institutions; but it is feared that many-
are absolutely destitute of the means of instruc-
tion. All experience demonstrates that virtue
and thrift are the natural results of education,
while pauperism, vice, and crime are the legiti-
mate fruits of ignorance; and that it is more
economical to maintain schools as a preventive,
than to support the pauperism and punish the
crime that ignorance engenders. From the es-
tablishment of the national capital in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, the expenses incident to such
support and punishment have been paid by the
Government of the United States. It is worth v
of serious consideration, therefore, whether a
just proportion of the expense of the public
schools in this District should not be provided
for from the same source; and it is believed that
Congress will thus be able to diminish the ex-
penditures from the judiciary fund far more than
they will be expected to augment the educa-
tional fund of this District. The propriety of
this provision is still further shown by the con-
sideration of the fact that a large proportion of
the people of this District are in the service of
the United States, on small salaries, and regard
themselves as transient inhabitants. If pos-
sessed of property, it is generally located else-
where, and the taxes levied upon it are applied
to the support of the institutions of those lo-
calities, while their children live in this District,
and, if educated in the public schools, swell the
tax to be levied on the property of permanent
citizens. The number ot transientand noil-tax-
paying pei sons has been largely increased during
the war by the ingress of multitudes of both
white and colored people who have fled from
its perils and desolations. Justice as well as
economy demands that provision be made from
the national Treasury for the education of the
children of these classes.
The canal leading from the Potomac river,
through the heart of the capital, to the Eastern
branch, has been made the receptacle of the
filth and offal from all the sewerage of the city.
It has thus become a loathsome cess-pool, fruit-
ful of disease, and inviting pestilence. The eity
authorities can exercise no legal control over
it, as it is bordered almost exclusively by Gov-
ernment reservations. These are deteriorating
in value on account of this constantly increas-
ing and most insufferable nuisance. It is nearly
useless for navigation, by reason of accumula-
tions within it; and it should either be deepened
and improved for the passage of shipping or at
once abandoned as a canal. In the latter alter-
native, it should be diminished in width to suit-
able dimensions, arched over, and used ex-
clusively as a main sewer. The proceeds of the
land thus reclaimed, if brought into market,
would defray a large proportion of the expense
occasioned by the change. This nuisance lies
almost at the threshold of the Capitol, the Ex-
ecutive Mansion, and other costly public edi-
liees. If Congress should refuse to provide the
requisite means for its improvement in themode
which I have suggested, exclusive authority
over it should be conferred upon the eity of
Washington.
The report of the Commissioner of Public
Buildings refers to the neglected condition of
many of the triangular and circular public res-
ervations. Instead of being abandoned to the
public, they should be neatly and substantially
inclosed, and planted with trees and shrub-
bery. The reservation on East Capitol street,
between Eleventh and Thirteenth streets east,
should be thus improved.
By the act approved May 25, 1832, the Com-
missioner of Public Buildings was authorized
to purchase a tract of land surrounding a large
and never-failing spring of the purest water,
including the rights of individuals to its use,
and to bring it in pipes, a distance of about two
miles, to the Capitol, at a cost of $40,000. From
that spring comes the flow of water which fills
the fountains directly east and west ofthe Capitol
building, and also the flow of the hydrant in
front of the arched entrance to the basement of
the west front; and from it is supplied all the
drinking-water used in the Capitol. If the use
of this water is to bo continued, so much ofthe
land on which the spring is situated as belongs
to the United States should be properly secured
by a substantial fence.
METROPOLITAN POLICE.
The board of police for this District, consti-
tuted by an act approved August 0, 1801, em-
ployed during the lastfiscal year, as apermanent
force, one superintendent, six detectives, ten
sergeants, and one hundred and fifty patrolmen.
The detectives made seven hundred and sev-
enteen arrests. Seven hundred and seven rob-
beries were reported at the detective office.
Property to the value of $170,659 09 was re-
ported as stolen; of which $122,800 06 was re-
covered by the officers. Property valued at
$0,894 22 was turned over to the property elerk,
while the value of that delivered to claimants
was $115,905 84, and that taken from prison-
ers and returned to them, ยง4,942 15. These
results indicate but a portion of the actual work
performed. The services of detectives are often
of great value in the prevention of crime by
known offenders, who, on their airival, are
placed under a strict surveillance, or are taken
into custody before they have an opportunity
to accomplish their evil designs.
The members of the police constituting the
sanitary company have been efficiently em-
ployed in the abatement of nuisances, and in
the discharge of other duties specially assigned
to thein.
The whole number of arrests during theyear
was 20,478. Of the parties arrested, 18,507
were charged with offenses against the person,
and the remainder with offenses against prop-
erty. The following disposition was made of
them, so far as the eases are reported: 1,377
committed to jail; 700 discharged on bail;
1,452 turned over to the military authorities;
7,984 dismissed; 1,932 committed to tho work-
house, and 828 released on security to keep the
peace. Fines were imposed in 11,487 cases,
amounting to $61,943,92, and in 531 cases light
punishments were inflicted. No report was re-
ceived in 131 cases. Two thousand three hun-
dred and twenty-one destitute persons were fur-
nished with lodging, 114 lost children restored
to their parents, and 154 sick or disabled per-
sons assisted or taken to the hospital. The num-
ber of arrests during the year exceeds by 3,000
those made during any previous year; and the
increase in the amount of fines imposed is
nearly one hundred per cent. The actual ex-
pense to the cities of Washington and George-
town, and to Washington county, ofthe present
police systemis about $45,000. For further de-
tails I refer to the report of the board.
The utility of the police telegraph has been
fully demonstrated during the past year. By
its agency a large force can be speedily con-
centrated at any given point where an emer-
gency requires its presence. Seven thousand
eight hundred and thirty-three messages have
been transmitted through the central office, and
a large amount of correspondence conducted
between the precinct stations. An appropria-
tion sufficient to discharge the cost of its con-
struction is respectfully recommended to Con-
gress.
The force has been maintained, as far as
practicable, at the maximum authorized by
Congress; but it is believed to be unequal to
the public necessities. Since its organization
the population ofthe District has nearly doubled,
and tho increase of crime has been in still greater
proportion. The board present facts and ar-
guments which are, in my opinion, conclusive
in favor of such an increase as will enable the
police force to discharge with vigor andproijipt-
itude the duties required of them. It is hoped
that Congress will adopt such measures in this
regard as will insure within the District the
maintenance of public order, the due execution
of police regulations, and the adequate protec-
tion of the rights of person and property.
JAIL, HOUSE OP REFUGE, AXI") PENITENTIARY.
It appears from the report of the warden that
there were 227 prisoners in the jail of this Dis-
trict. on the 1st day of November, embracing
persons of each sex and of various ages. Some
of them were convicted of minor offenses, pun-
ishable by fine and imprisonment; others were
committed in default of bail, or were awaiting
sentence in the criminal court. The inmates
are occasionally move numerous. The building,
although designed for one hundred prisoners,
does not furnish accommodation for even that
limited number, without neglecting the precau-
tions which a due regard to their health and se-
cure custody demands. Tljp crowded state of
the building and its very imperfect ventilation
have a most injurious influence upon the sani-
tary condition of its inmates. This evil is en-
hanced by the want of a hospital department,
to which the sick may bo transferred from the
impure atmosphere of the jail, and receive the
benefit of fresh air, and the treatment which
their situation imperatively demands. The build-
ing is so insecure that constant and vigilant at-
tention, with the aid of a military force detailed
by the War Department, is requisite to prevent
the escape of prisoners, many of whom are des-
perate outlaws, charged with the commission of
the most aggravated crimes. For want of a
