2472
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
But the distinguished men upon this floor
on that side say these States are in the Union;
and I must call to my support again a dis-
tinguished gentleman, a personal friend, one I
lite, one I may appeal to, but who will not say
anything to me just now—the gentleman from
Ohio who sits across there; 1-meanMr. Bing-
ham.
Mr. THAYER. I rise to a point of order.
It is out of* order to mention by name any mem-
ber present. I would not make this point upon
a new member, but I think I can fairly make
it upon the gentleman from Kentucky as the
practice has become of late a very common one.
The SPEAKER. The rule is imperative
that members must not be referred to except
as from the States which they represent.
Mr. SMITH. I only used the gentleman's
name in parenthesis. [Laughter.] Now, sir,
I have heard the gentleman who called me to
order ns well as other gentlemen upon this floor
mention the names of members in parenthesis.
I would like to know, then, by what authority he
has called me to order. You will find in the
printed speeches the names of members printed
in parenthesis.
Mr. THAYER. The names are interpolated
by the reporters. The gentleman cannot men-
tion any instance in which I have called the
name of any member upon this floor. I con-
sider it unparliamentary. I hope in future we
will not have any more of it.
Mr. SMITH. I do not want the gentleman
to take up all of my time. I wish to say I have
precedents. Every gentleman who has any
reputation in this country, and who lias spoken
upon this floor, has again and again called
members by name when it was necessary to do
so. There is the gentleman from Illinois, L
will not mention his name, and many others,
have called members by name ten, fifteen, and
thirty times.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. If the gen-
tleman refers to me I will say that he never
heard ine call a member by name.
Mr. SMITH. There are other gentlemen
on the floor from Illinois.
The SPEAKER. To call a member by name
in the British Parliament is considered the
highest censure.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, I want to have
one thing settled light here. I find every time
within the last four or live weeks that I have
risen to address the House I have been inter-
rupted by questions of order. I am a man of
good humor, and you cannot make mo mad. I
do not mean to do any wrong to anybody, but
J do mean to speak the truth. If it offends any-
body, why then let them call me to order. T
mean to say that none of these States are out
of (he Union, and that they never have been
out of the Union.  
Mr. THAYER. I do not want to interrupt
the. gentteman.
Mr. SMITH. I do not yield to the gentle-
man. _ The gentleman with his point of order
has diverted me from the course of my argu-
ment. I am willing .to stand on thS principles
I have avowed. There is the gentleman from
Ohio—I_will not call him byname, but the
House will see whom I mean by looking where
I am pointing my finger—was allowed to go on
making his speech without interruption, but
how does it happen when I undertake to speak
in vindication of the great principle of the
, Union party I am constantly called to order?
Mr. 1HAYER. Does the gentleman want
an answer?
Mr. SMITH. You cannot answer me just
now. I must come back. It cannot be denied
that members on the other side have risen here
and abused the President, abused his policy
of reconstruction and almost everything else
that he has presented to Congress. The gen-
tleman from Illinois [Mr. Ixgersolt,] spoke
here on last'Saturday for more than two hours
in abuse of the President. Now, I want to
know why, if they are allowed to speak against
him, I shall not be allowed to speak'in his
favor. _ There is nothing that they can propose
that will restore this Union. They cannot deny
the constitutional prerogative of every State,
taxation with representation. It is impossible.
It is the fundamental law.
But you say that you are the judges of the
qualification of Representatives in Congress,
and the Senate are "the judges in regard to the
qualification of Senators ; and so we can decide
that question. I venture to say that the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steyi:xs] and
all that class of men will vote sooner, especially
after the year 1870, to admit these traitors into
their seats than I will; and I dare you to try
it. You do not hate the red-handed traitors
worse than I do, and you dare not go with me
on a jury to try them. You would blanch, you
would pale, you would sicken, you would crouch,
you would forgive before I would, and save these
men from execution who have attempted to
destroy this Government, and you say it by
your very conduct and by the proposition you
make to-day. Ifyouwantrepresentation by vot-
ing, say so, and let us have a plain proposition.
Now, I know it is hard to make a speech in
the Congress of the United States  ithout refer-
ring t,o the negro, and 1 thought I would get
through a thirty minutes' speech without doing
it. But my friend from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Keli,ey] could not help talk about the darkey;
and my friend over here talks about him, and
my friend over there talks about him, and my
friends all around the House bring him in.
Gentlemen, open your pocket, open your hand,
open your heart, and let us see whether Union
men from the southern States, and wherever
they are found, will not do more than you will.
I happen to know some of you who have
been called upon for contributions to feed the
hungry and clothe the naked, and you did not
respond. [Laught er. ] And I know there were
others that did. And yet you get up with your
loud-mouth declamation and send your speeches
over the country advocating the cause of the
poor black man, while the poor black man, with
his lace turned to heaven, says, "Lord, de-
liver me from such friends." [Laughter.] And
He will do it, too. [Laughter.] We under-
stand it, and we know that if the negro is to
depend on you for his bread and his clothing,
(now, I am not speaking of the Union party,
but of their leaders in Congress ; the men who
clamor so much about the negro,) you are the
last men on the face of God's earth that will
help him. Because, no matter whether a man
is worth $250,000 and owns a rolling-mill, or
$150,000 and is engaged in petroleum opera-
tions, or is worth $500,000 and is engaged in
cotton speculations, whenever a poor darkey
comes along you cannot do a thing ; bnt, if
there is an appropriation of $25,000 from
the Government of the United States coming
through tho Committee for the District of Co-
lumbia, then the darkey gets it. It is put into
the hands of the managers of the Freedmen's
Bureau, and that institution goes along swim-
mingly and all is well with the negro. There
arc two extremes. j
Mr. KELLEY. "Will the gentleman yield
for a question ?
Mr. SMITH. I cannot.
Mr. ICELLEY. Just a question.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker, how much time
have I left?
The SPEAKER. Six minutes.
Mr. SMITH. Well, how long do you want
me to yield?
Mr. KELLEY. Half a minute.
Mr. SMITH. Very well.
Mr. KELLEY. I ask the gentleman whether
he knows the fate of those who are neither hot
nor cold.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir.
Mr. KELLEY. And whether that is your
position.
Mr. SMITH. Yes, sir, [laughter,] I under-
stand what is the condition of those who are
"neither hot nor cold." The Bible informs me
they are spewed out, and you are about the worst
"spewed out" man I ever saw in my life.
[Great laughter.] You take care of yourself
and some of your colleagues over there from
Pennsylvania. ,
Now, Mr. Speaker, I want it distinctly under-
stood that the friends of the black man, and I
use the words with emphasis, are those who
know them, who have been associated with
them and familiar with all their characteris-
tics. They are the men who have defended
them in the past, and will defend them in the
future.
Now, the "spewed" gentleman from Penn-
sylvania talks about hanging rebels, and hang-
ing all sorts of men. I remember, as he must,
too, the time when he saw, walking through the
streets of Washington, a whole company of
black men, dressed in grey, who were prison-
ers of war. Would you hang them, sir?
Mr. KELLEY. I never saw them.
Mr. SMITH. Then you were blind. [Laugh-
ter.] Y'our deeds were dark, and you could
not see what was going on. [Great laughter.]
I tell you I saw them, and they were there. I
would not hang those men. I would not pros-
ecute them. 1 would not interfere with them.
I would give them a general amnesty, and I
would extend it to the great masses of the
people of the South.
You will have to live with those people;
they are a part of the Government; their States
are States of the Union ; they are under the
Constitution; they are subject to your laws,
and they obey every precept that you lay down
for them. And, sir, one remarkable thing is
this : that if a rebel obeys the law, you want
to hang him because he does obey it, you
believe the law must be wrong because he
assents to it! But, if ho violates the law, you
want, also, to hang him! What is the poor
man to do ? If he obey the law he is hung,
and if he does not obey it ho is hung.
Now, Mr. Speaker, there is one other thing
I wish to say. There are two parties in this
country who are against this Government, and
are attempting to overthrow and destroy it—
the one is an extreme party on the one side,
and the other is an extreme party on the other
side.
Mr. PEIIHAM. To which party does our
friend belong?
Sir. SMITH. If you will keep quiet a
moment 1 will tell you.
I remember very well a beautiful allegory in
the Bible, which I have referred to before on
another occasion and in a different place. It
was when, under the administration of that
great and wisest of men, a long time in the past,
Solomon, a harlot stole the child of a kind and
affectionate mother and claimed it as her own,
or keptit to secure a large bounty for its return.
The claim of the legitimate mother to the child
had no effect upon the harlot. Distressed, heart-
broken, and troubled beyond endurance almost,
tho mother appealed to Solomon for redress
and the return of her child. He ordered both
women and the child before him, and after
hearing both he directed the child to be cut in
twain and the one half to be given to the har-
lot and the other half -to the woman the true
mother. " Well," said the harlot, "I agree; I
am satisfied; let the child be divided." "No,"
said the mother, "that is my child; I have
petted it on my knee, I have nursed it at my
bosom; 'tis part of my bone and flesh, and I
lore it as I ao my life; do not kill it, do not
destroy it; let the harlot have it, but save it."
Solomon said, "Thou art the mother, take thy
child." The Government of the United States
is oar mother; harlots North and South have
attempted to destroy the child of the Govern-
ment, the Constitution and the Union. It was
proclaimed in the South, "Let the Union
slide;" it Was echoed back from the North,
'' Let the Union slide.'' They said, divide the
Union; they attempted it. A long war was
prosecuted for this division, but it failed. The
wisdom, energy, and patriotism of the people
said " No, we will make sacrifices of blood and
treasure and the great institution of slavery;
but defend, save, and let live the union of the
States." These harlots cry to-day, the Union
is dissolved, it is dissevered and gone; the sac-
rifice made, the destruction of slavery, is not
enough; let the child be divided. Their fol-
