1512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
explanation ofthisproposition,becauselamnot
so familiar with the commercial service as the
Senator himself, or as are most of the members
of the body. The amendment was handed to
me by the chief of the Bureau of Navigation,
Commodore Jenkins, with the map before us,
showing the large number of dangers that are
known to exist, but which have not been sur-
veyed, in the China waters; and he adds, in a
note, tliat about two hundred reported additional
dangers are to be added in the next edition of this
map. This Government a few years ago sent
out an expedition under Commodore Ringgold
and Commodore Rodgers, who surveyed a por-
tion of this ocean, the part that has no dangers
marked on it on this map, so that very accurate
maps have been made of it, and very few acci-
dents happen to the commercial service that
navigate those waters; but the large expanse
of water where these several hundred dangers
are marked as shoals, <tc., has never been sur-
veyed. I understand that this proposition will
not add a dollar to the expenses of the Gov-
ernment. It authorizes the Secretary of the
Navy to employ such vessels as he now has in
his employ, and I suppose it will be no disad-
vantage to the Government in any regard;
certainly it will not be to the Navy to allow
one or two of the smaller vessels that are
employed in the China seas or in the Pacific
squadron to make surveys, one above and one
below.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If it is to cost nothing
I have no objection to it.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. I otFer one more amend-
ment:
And b<? it further enaeted, That hereafter no vacancy
in (bo Kradc of professor of mathematics in the Navy
shall bo filled, but m lieu thereof the Secretary ofthe
Navy may, and ho is hereby authoiized and required
to, employ «uch persons skilled in the respective sci-
entific brmches and callings to perform the duties
ot professors and assistant professors in the branches
of mathematics, natural philosophy, French, Span-
ish. and drawing at the Na val Academy, such astron-
omers, assistant astronomers, and aids at the Naval
Observatory, and such computers and assistants for
the Nautical Almanac n.s the exigencies of the public
service may front time to time require.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That is rather a broad
power.
Mr. SAULSBURY. May I ask the Senator
from Iowa what is the object of that amend-
ment?
Mr. GRIMES. I will explain it. By law
there are now twelve professors of mathemat-
ics on the active list and three on the retired
list. The purpose of this amendment is to do
away with professors of mathematics in the
Navy entirely; to let the duties of a professor
of mathematics, for example at the Naval
Observatory, be performed by a naval officer'
instead of giving a commission to a professor
of mathematics who shall alwaj s be in the pub-
lic scrvicc, and who, when he reaches a certain
age or a certain degree of infirmity, shall go
on the retired list and there remain a public
expense, and perhaps, in the estimation ofthe
country, a public burden uponthe Government.
It does not interfere with the professors now in
existence; it merely says that from this time
forward professors shall not be appointed as
professors have heretofore been, and commis-
sioned, but that the Secretary shall be author-
ized to do precisely as he is now doing when it
becomes necessary, employ a civilian to in-
struct in mathematics at the Naval Academy
or at the Observatory. He is doing that now
and has been doing it for years. This gives
him no new power in that regard; and hence
it was unnecessary that the latter clause should
have been added to the amendment, instead
of being compelled to keep these men always,
it is proposed that if we become satisfied that
instead of a man being a good mathematician
and a good instructor, he is not a good instructor,
is not capable of managing the boys or impart-
ing the instruction that is- needed, then the
Government may do precisely as the trustees
of an academy or college can do, turn him off
and get a competent man.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Lot me ask, lias the
Secretary of the Navy not the power, if he find
a mathematical professor is not competent, to
appoint some one else?
Mr. GRIMES. I think not. He is a com-
missioned officer, he has a life estate in his
office. When they are incompetent they are
put on the retired list, and we pay them sev-
eral hundred dollars a year for doing nothing.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no objection
to the first part ofthe amendment if the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs recommend it, but the
last part gives the Secretary the power to em-
ploy at all these establishments, the Naval Ob-
servatory, the Nautical Almanac, and the Naval
Academy just the number of civilians as in-
structors and teachers in the different branches
that he sees fit. It does not confine his choice
to those already in the Navy, but provides for
vacancics being filled, and gives a broad power
to employ anybody that he pleases and to any
extent that be pleases. That is the amount of
it. It is an authority that we do not confer on
any of our institutions to my knowledge. If the
Secretary will read the amendment again the
Senate will see that at all these places the power
is given indefinitely and unlimitedly to employ
any number of teachers in any of these branches
at the Naval Academy, at the Observatory here
in Washington, and upon the Nautical Almanac,
and in French and in drawing, &c. That is a
very extensive power. If they want additional
instructors a regular application should be
made, and then wo could act on an appropri-
ation to meet it. That is the way they do at West
Point. This provision is unlimited asit stands.
Mr. GRIMES. I assent to the proposition
of the Senator from Maine to strike off the latter
part of the amendment.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Strike ont, all except
the provision against filling vacancies.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 want to say, however, that
he is mistaken in regard to the law.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am not speaking about
the law, but of the power given in this amend-
ment.
Mr. GRIMES. What I propose to say is,
that the Senator is mistaken as to the power
already existing, and that is the reason why I
am content to strike off the latter part of the
section. If he will turn to page 96 of the
Naval Register he will see that this very power
has been exercised all along.
Mr. FESSENDEN. That does not prove
that there is a law for it.
Mr. GRIMES. But there is a law for it,
because I know it.
The amendment, as modified, was agreed to,
as follows:
Andbc it further mactcd, Thathereafterno vacancy
in the grado of professor of mathematics in thoNavy
shall be tilled.
Mr. SPRAGIIE. T ask leave to propose an
amendment to come in after the word "dol-
lars' ' in line ninety-nine :
Provided. That in the purchase of carpets and
furniture provided for in this act, they shall be of
domestic manufacture.
Mr. GRIMES. That is in the other bill.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I want it in this bill. It
is a mere recognition.
The amendment was agreed to.
The amendments were ordered to be en-
grossed and the bill to be read a third time.
The bill was read the third time and passed.
MESSAGE FROM TUB IIOCSE.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPiiersox, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
a joint resolution (H. R. No. 96) in relation to
the public lands appertaining to the armory at
Springfield, in which it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate.
ENROLLED BILL SIGNED.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled bill (S. No. 54) to amend
an act entitled"'1 An act to incorporate a na-
tional military and naval asylum for the relief
of the totally disabled officers and men of the
volunteer forces of the United States;" and it
was thereupon signed by the President pro
tempore.
HUMBOLDT CANAL COMPANY.
Mr. NYE. With the consent of the chair-
man of the Committee on Commerce, who
yields to me for that purpose, I move to take
up Senate bill No. 140.
The motion was agreed to ; and the bill (S.
No. 140) to grant the right of way to the
Humboldt Canal Company through the pub-
lic lands of the United States was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. By its
provisions the right of way for a canal through
the public lands of the United States lying in
Humboldt county, State of Nevada, and the
use of the land for tow-paths, cuttings, and
embankments, to the extent of fifty feet on
each side of the center of the canal, is to be
granted to the Humboldt Canal Company; and
in cases where deep excavation or heavy em-
bankment is required, such greater width, not
exceeding two hundred feet, may be taken by
the company as may be necessary. In order
to create a reservoir for the company sufficient
to feed the canal in all seasons, the company
may, by a dam across the Humboldt river, at
such point at or near the gap in the Fremont
range of mountains through which the river
passes, flow so much of the public lands above
the dam as may be required for the purposes
of the reservoir.
It is also proposed to grant to the company
the necessary sites along the canal for waste-
gates, mill-sites, depots, and other uses of the
canal, so far as places convenient for the same
fall upon the public lands, sFnd also the priv-
ilege of discharging the waste waters of the
canal over any public lands into the Humboldt
river, at such places as may be suitable for that
purpose ; but the proper officers of the company
are to transmit to the Commissioner of the Gen-
eral Land Office a correct plot of the survey and
location of the canal, and of the sites needed
for mills, depots,- waste-gates, and other uses,
before the appropriation thereof for those uses
shall become operative. Unless thirty miles
of the canal shall be excavated within one year,
and the whole within three years from the pas-
sage of the act, all these grants are to cease and
determine; and if the canal shall at any time
after its completion be discontinued or aban-
doned by the company, the grants shall cease
and determine, and the lands shall revert to
the United States. Nothing in the act is to be
so construed as to interfere with any grant of
the right of way and of public lands heretofore
made to any railroad company.
The bill was reported to the Senate, and or-
dered to bo engrossed for a third reading. It
was read the third time, and passed.
HOUSE BILL REFERRED.
The joint resolution from the House of Rep-
resentatives (IT. R. No. 96) in relation to the
public lands appertaining to the armory at
Springfield, was read twice by its title, and
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
PRESIDENTIAL APPROVAL OF A BILIi.
A message from tho President of the Ur.ited
States, by Mr. William G. Moore, his Secre-
tary, announced that the President of the Uni-
ted States had approved and signed, on the 17th
instant, an act (S. No. 33) in relation to the
Court of Claims.
APPRAISEMENT OF IMPORTS.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine,
[Mr. FessEnden,] who has been called out
of the Chamber, desires to be present when
House bill No. 184, which was taken up on my
motion, is considered. I move, therefore, that
that bills be laid aside informally, and I ask the
Senate to take up Senate bill No. 39.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That course
will be pursued, no objection being made.
The Senate proceeded, as in Committee ofthe
Whole, to consider the bill (S. No. 39) to amend
the acts relating to officers employed in the
