1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2473
lowers, but few in number it is to be hoped,
however, say; "Let the Union slide;" but the
party to which I belong, the great party of the
Union, say "No; we love the Union; it gives
us life, protection, homes, plenty, liberty, indi-
vidual freedom, and * by the Eternal it shall be
preserved."' Now, I hope the gentleman
understands to which party I belong.
The hour of half past four o clock p. m.
having arrived, the House, pursuant to order,
took a  recess until half past seven o clock
p. m.  
evening session.
The House reassembled at half past seven
o' clock p. m.
TAX HILL.
Mr. MORRILL moved that the rules be
suspended, and that the House resolve itself
into the Committee of the Whole on the state
of the Union on the special order. ,
The morion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended ; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole 011 the slate of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being a bill of
the House (No. 518] to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June
30, 1864, and acts amendatory thereof.
The first section of the bill which was under
consideration is as follows:
That on and after the 1st day of July, 1866, in lieu
of the duties on unmanufactured cotton, as provided
in an act to provide internal revenue to support the
Government, to pay interest on the public debt, and
forothcrpurposcs. approved JuncSO, 1861, as amended
by the actol March 3,1865, there shall be paid by the
producer, owner, or holder, upon all cotton produced
within the Unitod States, and upon which no tax has
been levied, paid, or collected, a tax of five cents per
pound, as lieieinafter provided; and the weight ot
such cotton shall be ascertained by deducting four
per cent, for tare from the gross weight of each bale
or paekase; and such tax shall be and remain alien
tlicreon, mthe possession of anyperson whomsoever,
from the time when such cotton is produced as afore-
said until the same shall have been paid; and no
drawback shall in any ease be allowed on raw or
unmanufactured cotton of any tax paid thereon wlicn
exported in the raw or unmanufactured condition.
But no tax shall be imposed upon any cotton im-
ported from other countries, and onwhicil an import
duty shall have been paid.
The pending question was on the following
amendment ottered by Mr. Lyxoh:
Provided, That any producer may procure an ex-
emption of not more than six hundred pounds of
cotton in any one year, follows:
Ui>on exhibiting the same to the assistant Assessor
of the district where said producer resides and where
tho cotton was raised, at the placoof production, and
making oath that he raised and now owns said cot-
ton, and satisfying the assistant assessor that his
swjrn statement is true, the assistant assessor shall
fitly marl; the halo or bales of said cotton with tho
number of pounds, being not more than six hundred
as ascertained by weight then and there, and with the
following words: " Cotton produced in tho assess-
ment district in the — collection district in —-.by
 , and owned by him on tho-;—day of —, lb—-,
and exempt from luxation; " filling fcuid_bla.uk© with
the designation of the assessment district and arso
of the collection district, the name of tho State, the
name of the producer and owner, nnd tho date when
said exemption is .?o ascertained and marked thereon.
The assistant assessor shall give^tosaid producer a
certificate of such exemption setting forth the above
facts, and also the place of produc tiun as near as can
be, and tho payment of his fee. lie shall also make
a fall record of all such exemptions and transmit a
transcript of the same to the assessor. The assistant
as^e^or shall be allowed a fee of two dollars for all
his services in each case of exemption, to be paid by
the producer. Any person swearing falsely in pro-
curing such exemption; and any person using or at-
tempting to use tho exemption certificate or marks
provided for in this section with intent to procure
exemption for any other cotton than that which was
lawfully exempted as such certificate and marks set
forth; also, any person selling1 or giving away, pur-
chasing or receiving such certificate or marks with
intent to defraud or to aid in defrauding the revenue
shall be liable, upon conviction thereof, to a fine of
fifty dollars or to not more than three months' im-
prisonment. Under the provisions of this section no
cotton in iU unmanufactured state shall be exempt
from In ration for raoro than ten months after the date
of its mark^ or f-ertificatcs of exemption. Anv per-
son, ofhei th-m tho producer named in the certificate
and marks ,aforesaid, who shall subsequently to such
exemption claim property in any cotton so exempted,
by virtue of ni^ ownership prior in date to such ex-
emption, shall forfeit ail such cotton; and any cotton
with reference to which the owner or his agent shall
commit any violation of this section shall also be
forfeited.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, the amend-
ment pending, offered by the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Lynch,] provides that a certain
amount, either sjx hundred or one thousand
pounds of cotton—six hundred pounds, I be-
lieve—shall be exempt from tax throughout
the South wherever cotton is produced.
Mr. LYNCH. If the gentleman will allow
me, I will modify my amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. Very well.
Mr. LYNCH. I withdraw my amendment,
and move to add to the section the following :
Provided, That any producer mayin cachyear pro-
cure an exemption of not more than six hundred
pounds of cotton produced by himself and owned by
hi in from planting to baling and exemption, by com-
plying with such regulations as the Commissioner of
Internal Bevenue shall prescribe, under the direc-
tion of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. MORRILL. In my judgment, this
amendment, if adopted, will be utterly destruc-
tive of all revenue from this source. And as
I know my friend from Maine [Mr. Lyxch] is
in favor of a tax upon cotton, I trust he will
withdraw it.
But before yielding the floor let me say that
if this amendment should be adopted every
piccaninny in the South would have six hun-
dred pounds of cotton to be exempted. All
of the land would be leased or so managed
that every workman, whether employed for
wages or otherwise, would come, forward with
what would appear to be a valid claim for an
exemption, and if this amendment should be
adopted, I should regard it_as equivalent to
the rejection of this proposition to tax cotton.
Mr. LYNCH. I should be very sorry to
propose any amendment here which would
defeat the object of the committee in levying
a tax upon cotton. When I offered my first
amendment, I stated thaf my object was to
encourage the small producers of cotton in the
South ; and also to follow out the general prin-
ciple of the bill which exempts the small man-
ufacturers of the North, the miners that pro-
duce a small amount, and incomes to a certain
amount. I think there will be no more diffi-
culty in guarding against fraud in the exemp-
tion' of this amount than there is in guarding
against fraud in the exemption of $000 worth
oi'manufactured goods.
It is hardly to be supposed that a planter can
farm out to all his hands his plantation, while
he really owns all the crop, and have every
one of them come forward and make oath that
they each own six hundred pounds of cotton,
and obtain exemption papers upon that amount
under any regulations that may be made by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue. I do not
see that the farmer can attempt that any more
successfully than the manufacturer at the North
can share out his factory and thus avoid the
five per cent. tax.
I think it is a matter of a great deal of im-
portance that we encourage these small pro-
ducers of the South by giving them the advan-
tage of this exemption, atid let them feel '< hat
the Government is a beneficent one. While
at tho North I would not encourage any class
distinction, I would permit this at the South.
I think it is for the interest of tho Government
that they should make the poor white people
and the poor black people of the South feel
that they had certain privileges and certain
exemptions, and I think it is no more than right
and just that the same principle should be
applied at the South that is applied^ at the
N orth. I will leave the House to decide the
matter.
Mr. MORRILL. I regard this matter to be
quite as important as the gentleman from Maine
[Mr. Lyxoh] can regard it. And I would like
to reach the point of being able to give the.se
men the bounty which he proposes, for it is
nothing' less than a 1 >oumiy. 11 we do not adopt
the provision the geuilemau proposes they will
have nothing taken lroni them; they are as
well off as they would be if we do not pass the law.
Now, let mo say, in relation to this proposal,
that there is a very great difficulty about it.
This provision, if adopted, cannot be enforced.
By the provisions of this bill we provide for
the collection of this tax when the cotton is
removed from the district or when it is manu-
factured in the district where it is produced. If
there is any one in any of those districts who
raises cotton and who shall see fit to manufac-
ture an amount of cotton equal to that allowed
to persons in the North, he will have the same
privileges of exemption as tlie man who man-
ufactures cotton in the North. If we allow
this six hundred pounds of cotton to be ex-
empted for each producer, then every bale
of that exempt cotton must be traced through-
out the country wherever it goes. It is quite
enough to be called upon to trace this cotton
to tho manufacturers or when it leaves the dis-
trict,. To undertake anything more would be
futile, and in my judgment absolutely impos-
sible.
Mr. LYNCH. I would like to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
[Mr. Morrill] if there will be any more diffi-
culty in putting the exemption stamp on the
bale than to put a stamp on to show that it has
paid the duty.
Mr. MORRILL. The cotton the gentleman
proposes to exempt will be in very small par-
cels, about a bale and a half each, and it will
come in from all quarters, whereas in the gen-
eral administration of the law it comes in in
large parcels.
Mr. LYNCH. I understand that each bale
is to he stamped.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate has closed upon
the amendment.
The question was taken on the amendment
of Mr. Lyxch, and it was not agreed to.
Mr. UPSON. I move to amend this sec-
tion by striking out tho word ''five1' and in-
serting tho word " three," as the tax per pound
to be levied on raw cotton.
I will state briefly my reason for offering
this amendment. 1 consider tho tax proposed
by the bill as exorbitant and calculated to have
an injurious effect, that tax being equivalent to
twenty or twenty-five dollars p(;r bale.
Besides, it will be found, by an examination
of the bill, that after the cotton is manufac-
tured into fabrics there is to be an addition
of five per cent, ad valoremso that the con-
sumer of this cotton, when it is manufactured,
will have to pay that five per cent, duty added
to this tax.
Although it is said that the consumers who
will pay this tax will, to a considerable extent,
be those in foreign countries, still a larger por-
tion of these manufactures will also be used in
this country. And I find that the producer is
generally very desirous to exempt the product
from tax, as in the case of petroleum, in regard
to which the question was considered so urgent
that a bill on that subject was yesterday rushed
through as an independent proposition. I infer,
from facts of this sort, that a tax of this kind
docs, at least in some cases, affect, in a measure
the producer as well as the consumer.
I submit that, in the present state of our
country, a tax of five cents per pound on cot-
ton would he a very heavy burden, and is cal-
culated. I think, to work more injury than
benefit.' This tax will weigh heavily upon a
large class of our people who make use of
manufactures fabricated from cotton. Ihe
tax is now two cents per pound.^ I notice that
some of the southern States, North Carolina
for instance, have gone through the process of
levying a tax of two dollars per bale on cotton
to support their provisional governments. The
article is also subjected to other local taxes m
the States where it is produced.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from
Michigan [Mr. Upson] had not moved to io-
duee this tax, I should have moved to amend
1 by strikingout "five'' and inserting c>g i-
1 f Ihmk there i.. ^rv good reason why thi.-j o, e
!| nitiele should pay a very Uirge poruon o( tee
ii taxation which we arc obliged to iai;,e.
