1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
Mr. FESSENDEN. Why use the word
"practically?"
Mr. CHANDLER. But he has obtained
practical knowledge by his experience in the
office; and in future we do not intend that men
shall be appointed who are not at the time of
their appointment practically acquainted with
the quality and value of the articles they are to
appraise.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But this bill strikes
out the existing officers, and new appointments
are to be made.
Mr. CHANDLER. Precisely.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Therefore-this bill would
apply to that man or to any other man situated
like him. The question with me is, what does
this " practical acquaintance" mean? He is an
appraiser; does that fact give him a "practical
acquaintance" in the sense of the bill?
Mr. CHANDLER. The most practical of
all kinds of acquaintance is obtained in that
way.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I fear it will not be
so construed.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly it will, because
the appraiser is continually, all the time, exam-
ining the special article which ho is called upon
to appraise, and after one or two years' expe-
rience he is the best man that could be selected.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it is better to
strike out the clause; it will embarrass appoint-
ments.
Mr. CHANDLER. I am willing to put in
words excepting men who have had a given
amount of experience in the appraiser's office,
say a year or two years. I would accept an
amendment of that kind; but I think that for
the future it is very important that no man be
appointed as appraiser who has not practical
knowledge; and if a man has acquired that
practical knowledge in the appraiser's office, I
would rather continue him in that office than
put iu a new man. It is a matter of education;
and it requires months, perhaps years, to ac-
quire that practical experience. I do not think
the objection of the Senator from Maine is well
taken; still, 1 am willing to accept an amend-
ment such as I have suggested.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think it had better be
left to the appointing power in all cases to select
the men. This clause, as to "practical" men
■would only cause confusion when the appoint-
ing power came to act.
Mr. CHANDLER. My object, I confess, is
to have none but men of practical experience
appointed; and I think it a very important pro-
vision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I will move to amend
the bill by inserting after the word "who," in
the seventh line of the first section, the words
'' has had experience as an appraiser, or who;''
so that it will read:
That the President of the United States shall, by
and with the advice and consent of the Senate, ap-
X>oint for said port one appraiser, who has had expe-
rience as an appraiser, or who shall be practically
acquainted with the Quality and value of some one
or more of the chicf articles of importation subject to
appraisement, &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. That will do.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And then I shall also
move the same amendment in the second sec-
tion, by inserting after the word "who," in
the fourth line, the words "have had experi-
ence as appraisers, or who;" so that it will
read:
That in lieu of the assistant appraisers now author-
wed by law for the port of New York, the Secretary
of the Treasury may appoint not exceeding ten as-
sistant appraisers for said port, who have had expe-
rience as appraisers, or who shall be practically ac-
quainted with the quality and value of some one or
more of the chief articles of importation subject to
appraisement, &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. That covers the ground.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suggest to the Sen-
ator whether ho has not some apprehension,
even if the bill should be amended as I now
propose, if it is proposed that one man shall
be appointed specially for dry goods, and
another man specially for liquors, &e., it will
not give rise to an effort on the part of all those
who deal in those particular articles to get in
a particular man; whether they will not use i
their influence to have somebody appointed
who is acceptable to them; and whether in
that way more harm is not likely to come to
the revenue than good. My impression is that
that would be the effect of it.
Mr. CHANDLER. Undoubtedly the at-
tempt has been made heretofore, and will be
made in the future, to have appointed corrupt
or ignorant men who can be influenced ; but I
think the only safeguard we can have against
the appointment of corrupt or ignorant men is
in this provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It would not be known
until after the appointment was made what sort
of a man was appointed. *
Mr. CHANDLER. As a rule, I think the
importers desire to have honest, capable, and
faithful men as appraisers; but there are, as
is well known, dishonest men, who desire to
defraud the revenue in importation, and who
would wish to have ignorant and dishonest
men appointed as appraisers; but I think our
best protection against that is in this provision.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I hate to allude to my
own experience in the Treasury Department,
because it was so short, but when 1 was there
1 gave special attention to these appraisers,
both in New York and Boston. I thought
they were in a bad condition, and I took spe-
cial pains to find out what was best to be done,
and_what sort of men it was best to appoint, to
see if I could not reform the administration in
both those instances, and I came to the con-
clusion that the best way to make appoint-
ments was precisely to study and ascertain the
character of the men who were recommended,
without reference to their original pursuits.
Men were recommended for the position, as I
suspected, for particular purposes. I think the
Secretary^of the Treasury, if he takes pains,
can exercise agreat deal better judgment if we
leave the whole selection to him than by tying
him down to select from any particular class
of men. I do not wish to interfere too much
with business that does not seem to belong to
my own committee, or to oppose the opinions
of the Committee on Commerce; but my judg-
ment would be that the Senate, by keeping
this clause in, would be much more likely to
do harm than by striking it out.
Mr. CHANDLER. I might instance a ease
in point. A business house is selecting a pur-
chaser of tea, for example. The house selects
an expert m tea for a purchaser. Take the
line of business in which I have been engaged.
I said to one of my juniors last fall, who pro-
posed to take in a new purchaser, " It will cost
you $25,000 to educate a new purchaser; he
will make mistakes enough to cost you $25,000
before he becomes an expert." That is appli-
cable to your appraisers in the same way. No
business man sclccts a person as his purchaser
who is not an expert, unless he expects to sub-
mit to the losses occasioned by the mistakes
of one who is not an expert. The object of
t.his_ bill is to have none but experts as ap-
praisers, and that the Government shall not-
pay for the education of experts. I think if
it is honestly and faithfully carried out, it will
be a very important thing for the Government.
I think the Senator's amendment covers all the
objections he can have to it.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN. It meets my own par-
ticular wish about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. As a business man, I
think this is one of the most important pro-
visions in the bill.
, I he PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the Sen-
ator from Maine, in section one, line seven,
after the word "who" to insert the words
'1 has had experience as an appraiser or who;''
so that it will read:
The President of the United States shall, by and
with thcadvicc and consent of the Senate, appoint for
said port one appraiserwho has had experience as an
appraiser, or who shall bo practically acquainted, &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move the same amend-
ment' in line four of section two. to insert after
the word "who" the words "have had ex-
perience as appraisers or who;" so that the
section will read:
That in lieu of the assistant appraisers now author-
ized by law for the port of New York, the Secretary
of the Treasury may appoint not exceeding ten as-
sistant appraisers for said port, who have had expe-
rience as appraisers, or who shall be practically ac-
quainted with the quality and value of some one or
more of the chief articles of importation subject to
appraisement, &e.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I think the salaries
have been placed too high in the sixth section.
Has the amendment of the committee in that
section striking out "five" and inserting" six,"
so as to make the salary of the chief appraiser
$6,000, been adopted?
_ Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir. We took con-
siderable pains to ascertain the necessity for
this increase of salary over that named in the
original bill. The reasons assigned at the
Treasury Department were that they must have
first-class men; they must have men who could
command high salaries out of the Department;
and they must pay as well as private firms, or
they cannot obtain those persons.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The bill as originally in-
troduce^, fixed the salary of the chicf appraiser
at $5,000, and of the assistants at $3,000. The
committee have changed that to $6,000 and
$4,000. I think that is altogether too high. I
would prefer to make them $4,000 and $3,000
respectively. Mowever, I will not offer any
amendment novt, but will wait until the bill ia
reported to the Senate, if the Senator prefers
that course.
Mr. CHANDLER. Certainly.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on concurring in the amendments made
as in Committee of the Whole; and the Chair
will put the question on all the amendments
collectively except those upon which any Sen-
ator may desire a separate vote.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I wish to have reserved
the two amendments in the sixth section in-
creasing the compensation of the appraisers
and assistant appraisers.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Those
amendments will be excepted.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire a separate vote
on the amendment of the committee inserting
the proviso in section one from line sixteen to
line twenty-seven inclusive, authorizing the
collector, by direction of the Secretary of the
Treasury, to examine a less amount of the
goods than the actual amount of the invoice
called for.
The PRESIDENT^ro tempore. The amend-
ment will be excepted at the request of the
Senator.
Mr. CHANDLER. Perhaps I can explain
to the Senator in one word the reason for that
proviso. For example, where there is an im-
portation of resin, tar, pitch, turpentine, iron,
and such articles that are well known to be of
the same description and character, it is left
to the discretion of the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to direct that the appraisers need not ex-
amine one in ten of the barrels or packages.
That is the only object in making that proviso.
Mr. SPRAGUE. Mr. President 
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
will suggest that the question is not now upon
that amendment. The Senator merely asked
that it be excepted, and it will be excepted as
a matter of course.
Mr. SPRAGUE. I desire to say a single
word upon it at the proper time.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion will arise at the proper time. If there be
no other amendments excepted, the question
will be put on concurring in the residue of
the amendments made as in Committee of the
Whole.
The remainder of the amendments were con-
curred in.
The first excepted amendment was in section
one, line sixteen, after the word'' law " to insert
the following proviso:
Provided, That tho collector shall not, under any
