34
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December 4,
Ho. of Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
39th Cong....1st Sess.
of pupils belonging to neith.er of those classes.
The expenses of all such, if not properly charge-
able upon the fund furnished by voluntary pri-
vate contributions, should be defrayed by them-
selves, or by the State or community to which
they belong. The board disclaim the inten-
tion of competing or interfering with State in-
stitutions ; but as the range of instruction in
them is confined within narrow limits, an opin-
ion is advanced in the report that'' funds should
be drawn from the national resources'' for the
support of an institution which will extend to
these unfortunates facilities for cultivating the
higher branches of learning. The appropria-
tions aslted for imply a conviction on the part
of the directors that this opinion will be sanc-
tioned and made effectual by appropriate legis-
lation. It will be for Congress to determine
whether an institution shall be maintained at
the national metropolis, where the deaf mutes
of the country may enjoy the opportunity of
pursuing the classic and scientific studies which
' enter into the course of collegiate instruc-
tion.
The act of February 23, 18G5, declares the
corporate name of the institution. I have serious
doubts whether it, or any department thereof,
can lightfully assume the name of "The Na-
tional Deaf Mute College'' without authority
fron^ Congress.
It affords me pleasure to bear witness to the
disinterested zeal with which the directors have
labored to render the institution as useful in its
practical workings as it is humane and gener-
ous in its conception. The vacancies in the
board, occasioned by the lamented death of
Mr. Edes, and of Mr. .Mitchell, have been tilled
by the appointment of Mr. Chief Justice Chase
and Benjamin B. French, Esq.
The board lias been fortunate in securing the
services of those charged with the academic
and domestic departments. They have per-
formed their duties with an intelligence and
fidelity worthy of all praise.
couut-iiousbs. ^
This Department, on repeated occasions, has
referred to the limited and precarious accom-
modations for holding the courts of the southern
district ol'New York. Tlic Government had a
term of years in the property which those courts
continue to occupy, but is liable to be soon dis-
possessed under the present temporary arrange-
ment, and no other could be made after the
expiration of the lease. It appears from the
report made by this Department to the Senate
of the United States 011 the (Sth of December
last, that on the 1st day of J anuary of that year
more eases were pending, and more had been
instituted within the preceding twelve months,
in that than in any other judicial district. The
duty of the Government to furnish all proper
facilities for the prompt transaction of the busi-
ness ot the courts, and the preservation of their
archives and records, will not be questioned.
The courts at Baltimore, Philadelphia, Boston,
Cincinnati, Louisville, New Orleans, and vari-
ous other points, are now held in buildiugs be-
longing to the Government, and no just reason
exists why this policy should not be extended,
and its benefits secured to the judges, officers,
and litigating parties at the leading commercial
city ofthe U nion. There was a clause in thelease
reserving to the United States the right of pur-
chasing the property, at a stipulated sum, within
a specified period, which has since elapsed, and
I am not advised whether the proprietors are
now willing to dispose of it on the same terms.
1 recommend that this Department be author-
ized to make, by purchase, permanent arrange-
ments for the Federal courts in the city of New
York, andthatan appropriation beplaced under
its control for the purpose. ®
The eastern judicial district of New York
was crcated at the last session of Congress.
The Department has encountered serious diffi-
culty in its attempts to secure /uitable apart-
ments iu the city of Brooklyn for the accom-
modation of the courts. I strongly urge upon ■
Congress he consideration of the propriety of
providing for the erection of a suitable build-
ing, portions of which may be appropriated to
the district and circuit courts and their respect-
ive officers, and the remainder to the city post
oftice and other needful public uses.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient ser-
vant, JAMES HARLAN,
Secretary of the Interior.
To the President.
Report of the Secretary of tlie Treasury.
Treasury Department,
"Washington, Deccinber 4, 1805.
In conformity with law, the Secretary of tlie
Treasury has the honor to submit to Congress
his ansiual report.
Next in importance to the great questions
involved in the restoration of the Federal au-
thority over the southern States, and the re-
establishment of civil government therein un-
der the Constitution, are the financial questions
embracing—
The Currency;
The Public Debt; and
The Revenue;
all of which demand the early and careful atten-
tion of Congress.
In presenting these important subjects, with
their various connections, the Secretary is
painfully conscious of his own inability prop-
erly to discuss them, difficult as they are, and
involving as they do the national honor and
the pecuniary interests of thirty millions of
people. He will, however, offer as clearly
and definitely as he can his own views in rela-
tion to them, not doubting that Congress will
sustain and carry out, by appropriate legisla-
tion, those that are approved by their superior
wisdom, and reject those which arc regarded
as either impracticable or unsound.
The fact that means have been raised, with-
out foreign loans, to meet the expenses of a
protracted and very costly war, is evidence, not
only of the great resources of the country, but
of the wisdom of Congress in passing the ne-
cessary laws, and of the distinguished ability
of the immediate predecessors of the present
Secretary in administering them. It is hardly
necessary to suggest, however, that the legis-
lation which was proper and wise during the
progress of hostilities may not be appropriate
or even justifiable in a time of peace.
The right of Congress, at all times, to bor-
row money and to issue obligations for loans
in such form as may be convenient, is unques-
tionable; but their authority to issue obliga-
tions for a circulating medium as money, and
to make these obligations a legal tender, can
only be found in the unwritten law which
sanctions whatever the representatives of the
people, whose duty it is to maintain the Gov-
ernment against its enemies, may consider in
a great emergency necessary to be done. The
present legal-tender acts were war measures,
and while the repeal of those provisions which
made the United States notes lawful money is
not now recommended, the Secretary is of
the opinion that they ought not to remain in
force one day longer than shall be necessary
to enable the people to prepare for a return to
the constitutional currency. It is not supposed
that it was the intention of Congress, by these
acts, to intioduce a standard of value, in times
of peace, lower than the coin standard, much
less to perpetuate the discredit which must
attach to a great nation which dishonors its !
own obligations by unnecessarily keeping in ;
circulation an irredeemable paper currency. It :
has not, iu past times, been regarded as the J
province of Congress to furnish the people di- j
rcctly with money in any form. Their author- |
ityis "to coin money and fix the value thereof:" i
and, inasmuch as a mixed currency, consisting !
of paper and specie, has been found to be a |
commercial necessity, it would seem also to be ;
their duty to provide, as has been done by the 1
national currency act, that this paper currency
should he secured beyond any reasonable con-
tingency. To go beyond this, however, and
issue Government obligations, making them
by statute a legal tender for all debts, public
and private, is not believed to be, under ordi-
nary cireumstanccs, within the scope of their
duties or constitutional powers.
The reasons which are sometimes urged in
favor of United States notes as a permanent
currency are, the saving of interest and their
perfect safety and uniform value.
The objections to such a policy are, that the
paper circulation of the country should be flex-
ible, increasing and decreasing according to the
requirements of legitimate business, while, if
furnished by the Government, it would be quite
likely to be governed by the necessities of the
Treasury or the interests of parties, rather than
the demands of commerce and trade. Besides,
a permanent Government currency would be
greatly in the way of public economy, and would
give to the party in possession of the Govern-
ment a power which it might be under strong
temptations to use for other purposes than the
public good—keeping the question of the cur-
rency constantly before the people as a politi-
cal question, than which few things would he
more injurious to business.
But the great and insuperable objection, as
already stated, to the direct issue of notes by
the Government, as a policy, is the fact that
the Government of the United States is one of
limited and defined powers, and that the author-
ity to issue notes as money is neither expressly
given to Congress by the Constitution, nor
fairly to be inferred, except as a measure of
necessity in a great national exigency. No
consideration of a mere pecuniary character
should induce an exercise by Congress of pow-
6rs not clearly contemplated by the instrument
upon which our political fabric was established.
The Government, in the great contest which
has been recently closed, has not sought to in-
crease its own powers, nor to interfere with the
rightful powers of the States. The questions
decided by the war are, that the Union is in-
dissoluble ; that whatever is essentially opposed
to it must be removed; that the Federal author-
ity, within its proper sphere, is supreme : and
that tho validity of acts of Congress is not to be
determined by the States, but by that tribunal
which the complex character of the Govern-
ment made a necessity. It is the crowning
glory of the Constitution that this great war
has been waged and closed without the powers
of the Government being enlarged or its rela-
tions to the States being changed.
The issue of United States notes as lawful
money was a measure expedient, doubtless,
and necessary in the great emergency in which
it was adopted, but this emergency no longer
exists, and however desirable may be the sav-
ing of'interest, and however satisfactory these
notes may be as a circulating medium, these
considerations will not, it is respectfully sub-
mitted, justify a departure from that strict con-
struction of the Constitution given to it pre-
vious to the war by patriotic men of all panics,
and which is essential to the equal and harmo-
nious working of our peculiar institutions. The
strength of flu? Government has been proved
by the manner ill which it lias carried on the
greatest war of modern times; it only remains,
for the vindication of its excellence and the
perfection of its triumphs, that, all powers ex-
ercised for its preservation, but not. expressly
granted by the Constitution, be relinquished
with the return of peace. While, therefore, the
Secretary is ofthe opinion that the immediate
repeal otthe legal-tender provisions oi the acts!
referred to would be unwise, as being likely to
affect injuriously the legitimate business ofthe
country, upon the prosperity of which depend
the_ welfare of the people and the revenues
which are necessary for the maintenance ofthe
national credit, and unjust to the holders of
the notes, he is of the opinion that not only
these provisions, but the acts also, should be
