4£$).
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
is absolutely reducing the poor white man to the j i
worstof slavery, the slavery of grinding and op- i;
pressive taxation; a debt under which this great ||
nation now reels and staggers like a drunken I
man? Was it for this that our brave soldiers
were called to the field, and thousands of them
sacrificed their lives? Is this the result of all
their sufferings on the field of battle, of all their
toils and wounds and bloodshed and sacri-
fices—that they should enjoy the precious privi-
lege of being made the equal of the negro at the
polls and in office-holding? Yes, that is all.,
Now, sir, although we of Kentucky are con-
sidered in the Union, and loyal enough at least
to be here and to be occasionally heard, I would
not if it were in my power take advantage of the
feeblest State in the North improperly and un-
fairly to reduce her representation in this body,
and more especially would 1 blush at the idea
of doing it when her mouth was closed and bhe
had 110 voice here. You of the North are not
to be affected by this pro\ ision. as your negroes
are few, but you know very well that the tend-
ency of your emancipation policy was to turn
the tide of negro immigration to the South.
We are to have a dense negro population who
are unfit to control themselves as you say; there
must he a Preedmen's Bureau to control them.
You want to force us in Kentucky, for exam-
'ple, either to enfranchise all these negroes or
give up part of our representation, is that
fair? T& it just?
Now. I apprehend the fairest basis of repre-
sentation is the one we now have, population.
Perhaps a suffrage basis would be more nearly
fair than any oilier amendment you propose;
but I am satisfied with it as it, is. I do not
know that a suffrage basis would be exactly fair
to the New England States. J do not know
but that some of the New England States that
have an excess of female population might be
injuriously affected by it. Convince me of that,
and 1 would not consent to it as an amendment
to the Constitution.
Sir, this is not open, fair political warfare.
You are proposing to take advantage of the ab-
sence of the Representatives of eleven States
and the feeble power of the minority here to
ingraft your peculiar political dogmas on the
Constitution. Have you not done enough of
this sort of work?
Did not Kentucky bare her breast to the
Storm, and do her whole duty in the war ? Were
not her fields desolated and her whole terri-
tory ravaged by the war? That she could not
escape, it. was the misfortune of her geographi-
cal position, and she could not help it. But in
addition to all that, you passed an amendment
to the Constitution which struck down at one
blow at least one hundred millions in value of
property, recognized up to that time everywhere
as property, without a dollar of compensation
even promised. That properly was legalized and
recognized as much as any other |>n>peity ; and
men, iu making provision for their families,
made largo investments iu that hind of properly;
yet, by that, one act, you strike down that vast
amount of property, absolutely robbing the in-
fant in the cradle and the tottering old widow-
on the verge of the grave, and thousands who
owned no other properly. But you said it was
necessary, and that was the ground upon which
it was placed, that it was necessary to. enable
the Government to succeed against the rebellion.
Now, while Kentucky has made all these other
sacrifices, was it lair and honest to take from [
her one hundred millions of her property for !
the benefit of the whole of the States, and pav I
her nothing? I would not accept that from i
Massachusetts or from any other State, even j
though it was necessary for the good of the I
whole nation to take any species of property j
from Massachusetts or any other State. 1 could !
not be driven by the party lash to do it without '
giving just compensation. The principle of.
common honesty would forbid it. I would not :
live myself upon the means of another man. !
nor would I be in favor of supporting and sus- I,
taming the Governmental theunequal expense !|
of the States. !!
[Here the hammer fell.] '!
Mr. McKEB obtained the floor.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I have but
a few words more to say.
Mr. McKBE. I move that my colleague
[Mr. Harding] have his time extended until he
can conclude his remarks. How much time
does my colleague want?
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I want only
ten or fifteen minutes.
Mr. McKEE. I move that his time be ex-
tended for fifteen minutes.
No objection was made.
| Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Now, sir,
1 as I am noticing the condition of affairs in Ken-
tucky, I beg the attention of gentlemen while I
present the matter in some other lights. Even
; the little pittance promised by your law of S300
\ for each slave of a loyal owner who volunteered
has been virtually repudiated as you all know.
And I do not expect it will be paid, not a dollar
! of it, and 1 do not care about it for myself. But
[ am speaking of what is fair and just. Prop-
erty to the amount of thousands and millions
; has been taken and used by the Federal Army,
indeed by the two armies as they passed to and
fro over the Slate. Even those claims for
property, horses, and provisions, taken from
1 loyal men by our Army have been refused,
i though they made their claims out by full proof,
I their loyalty backed by an oath to support the
Constitution, and to my knowledge claims of
' that sort have been sent back with a condition
i requiring the claimant to take an additional oath
to support the emancipation policy. Eor the
; first time in the history of the world have hon-
[ est, loyal men been required to swear to support
a particular political policy or forfeit and lose
their just claims.
Now, you have taken thi : proper! v. in the
form of slaves, because you said it was neces-
sary for the common benefit; that the good of
the nation required the sacrifice. But did it
I require that Kentucky should sacrifice one hun-
I dred millions of property for your benefit? Was
j it right or just that you should place such a.
j burden as that upon a Slate already oppressed
| by the consequences of the war, and refuse to
bear a portion of it yourself? Surely, all must
see its palpable injustice.
And now here is another proposition. You
are not satisfied with striking down this large
amount of our property ill Ken lucky: you want
to force upon her negro political equality, or you
will rob her of a part of her representation in
Congress. Vouwill never succeed in doing that.
Have we not sustained losses enough already.'
Was it not enough that we should be exposed
to all the calamities of the war, and then to lose
one hundred millions of property? Was not
that, enough?
And is this proposed for the benefit, of the
negro? You know it is not. If you believe
that it, is, there is a way in which you can prove
) our belief. Wc will neve)1 enfranchi.-e the
negro ill Kentucky, if you believe it iL for the
benelil of the negro, then open your doors in
Pennsylvania. Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois, and
! give the ne^ro there the right to vote, and we
i will pay their expenses and help iliom oil their
j way there. If there was any honest, purpose
! to beni'lit the poor downtrodden frccdmen,
; there would be some provision made for them
in the northern States: some proposition to
; take them there and provide for them. Before
they were freed there were enough to be found
along our borders ready to help our negroes off
North by means"of the underground railroad.
Why not help them off now they arc free? Now,
sir, that will not do.
There is another and an intensely selfish pur-
pose in view. You know the strong local at-
tachment of the negro. You know that while
he has heretofore gone North, his home has
been in Kentucky and other southern States.
There were the scenes of his childhood's memo-
ries, there are his relations, and you know thai
the consequence will be to turn the tide of ne-
gro immigration southward. Now, is there any
man here who will lise above these miserable
shackles of party and passion, like a statesman
and pati iot,. and look over this whole great coun-
try, run his eye far down the stream of time,
and anticipate and provide for the wants of
coming generations? Is there any man of that
character here in favor of this amendment?
How refreshing it would be to see some such
character and spirit as was exhibited in the
old Convention that framed the Constitution.
How this horde of Constitution makers would
be rebuked.
Mr. KELLEY. "Will the gentleman allow
me 
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Not now.
Mr. KELLEY. I then rise to a question of
order. I do not wish to make the point of order
on the gentleman which I might well make by
calling attention to the fact that he is not ad-
dressing the Chair, but continually addressing
gentlemen onthissideof theHouse, andmaking
personal appeals to them by question. I ask
leave simply to submit a single question to him,
as he promised I might do it by and by.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fromKen-
tucky [Mr. Harding] must, by the rules of the
House, address his remarks to the Chair. But
he has the right to decline to yield to any mem-
ber while he is speaking.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. If the gen-
tleman will not interrupt me, he will not call
my attention from the Speaker.
I was about to say how very refreshing and
inspiring it would be if some such spirit as that
which animated the great and good men who
formed the Constitution should suddenly make
its appearance here.. How these little Constitu-
tion amendcrs would all be abashed and retire
overcome with shame! Those men of the con-
stitutional era were statesmen and patriots in
the true serine of the term. Tliev were men
from whoso breasts the refining tires of the
Revolution had removed all dross. They rose
above every merely sectional consideration.
They strove 1o guard against sectionalism.
They looked to the interests of all parts of the
country, not simply for the time being, but for
all time to come. Does any one see here anv
tokens of a similar lofty spirit? I submit that all
these present attempts at Constitution amend-
ing are strikingly sectional and intensely parti-
san. The whole of these seventy amendments
are miserable batches of party stuff which a
pure patriot and a true man, like the men of
17^7, would spurn from him with contempt and
trample under his feet.
Now, sir, it is the idlest thing in the world
for men to suppose that they can carry out an
experiment likethis. when apai ly having seized
on the reins ofpowei, usurping all authority
here to the exclusion of eleven States of this
Union, attempt by amendments to the Consti-
tution to ingraft their political dogmas into the
framework of this Government. Is there any
member herewdio would not feel it to be rank
injustice if his own State should be treated in
this way? These attempts to inaugurate a sys-
tem of negro equality are eminently calculated
to sow the seeds of revolution. 1 predicted
long since—and gentlemen here will live to re-
alize the truth of the prediction—that whenever
the abolition of slavery should be accomplished
you would find tenfold more elements of rev-
olution in the free negro question than ever
were found in the slave question. You may
press on in your attempts; but no party can
succeed in bringing up the negro to a level with
the white man. So long as this system of ne-
gro equality is enforced by the military power,
you may hold up the negro beyond his natural
position: but wlieneverthat power is withdrawn,
as some day it must be—when the white man
is once more allowed to stand on his feet, the
negro will take his appropriate place below him.
This will be the result at last, in defiance of
all your legislation and all youi constitutional
amendments. Nature has made the white man
the superior of the negro : and that superiority
will eventually assert itself, in spite o t all your
efforts to crush down the white man to a lei el
with the negro.
Look at what you have exhibited in connec-
tion with theFreedmen's Bureau. A vast army
of Federal office-holders are to be spread all
