1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2475
concur with the gentleman from Iowa [Mr.
KassouJ that if the tax be put at five cents,
and there be not a drawback, it will destroy
the manufacturing interests of the country.
But I object to it chiefly upon general grounds.
It is pretty well known that in reference to all
political matters concerning the South, and the
restoration of that section of the country to its
former relations to the General Government, I
am, in some degree, uncompromising. But
upon all questions affecting their material pros-
perity, upon everything relating to the restora-
tion of commerce and social order, I am in favor
of the most liberal policy on the part of the
General Government.
Now, sir, if this tax be put at five cents, and
the Representatives of the South return here,
as they must do at some time, i cannot antici-
pate anything but well-founded opposition, and
some degree of bitterness on their part, in ref-
erence to this matter. We should consider
that this must be, to some extent, a tax upon
the cotton-producing interest of the country,
for, while a portion of this increase in price
may be charged over to the manufacturers of
this and other countries, it cannot be reason-
ably anticipated, when you impose the duty
equal to fifty or seventy-five per cent, of the
cost of producing the material in ordinary
times, that such a tax will be paid by the con-
sumers entirely.
Previous to the opening of the war, in 1801,
American cotton sold in the market of Eng-
land, for about fivepence and three tenths, or
something like twelve cents per pound. If
you add five cents, or twopence ha'penny per
pound, it must tend to increase the cotton pro-
duction of other countries. Previous to the
war the importation of East India cotton into
Great Britain was between five hundred thou-
sand and a million bales a year. During the
war the importation of American cotton into
Great Britain went down from one million
eight hundred and forty-one thousand bales,
to two hundred and eighty-one thousand and
fifty bales last year, showing a loss of more
than a million and a half of bales on the impor-
tations of American cotton. Now, the impor-
tations into Great Britain of all kinds of cotton
have diminished only three hundred and twenty -
eight thousand bales, comparing the year 1861
with 1805, showing an immense increase in the
cotton-growing interests of other parts of the
world during the prostration of the business
here.
Now, if you impose a duty of fifty per cent,,
on the cost of producing the raw material in
this country it must, inevitably result in an
increased production of cotton in other coun-
tries. I should much prefer that we should
put the duty at something like three cents per
pound, which corresponds with our general
system so far as we can compare the duties on
raw materials with the duties on manufactured
articles which is observed in the revenue sys-
tem of the country, and which is preserved in
the bill now under consideration.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL. I merely desire to show
to the gentleman from Massachusetts that gen-
tlemen who are interested in this subject, and
have given it great attention, differ with him
as to the amount of tax that cotton will bear.
I have recurred hastily to the report of the
commission on the subject of internal revenue,
and I vail quote the names of certain parties
who, I think, will be good authority with the
gentleman.
I take first the name of Mr. William Dwight,
a wealthy and distinguished manufacturer. He
was asked if he recommended a tax of seven
per cent, upon the raw material, and his an-
swer was, " I do."
Another gentleman recommended a tax of
only two and a half cents a pound, the only
one I can call to mind who recommended so
low a tax. Erastus Bigelow, a gentleman well
known for his enlightened views and practical
information upon these subjects, was in favor
of a tax upon raw cotton.
Mr. BOUTWELiL. Will the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] allow me to
inquire whether this testimony was not taken
when the price of raw cotton was something
like twice what it is at the present time; and
also, too, when the anticipation of the quan-
tity of cotton in the South to be brought out
was something like a million bales, whereas in
fact we have obtained one million nine hun-
dred thousand bales or more ?
Mr. MORRILL. I will give the gentleman
the full advantage of all the facts. The facts
were, as the gentleman intimates, that the price
of cotton was very much higher than it is now.
But it has not fallen below the price that was
then anticipated by gentlemen who had in view
the levying of this tax or not below twenty-five
cents per pound.
Now, lot me read from the testimony of
Francis B. Crowningshield. the treasurer and
manager of the Merrimack Company:
"Question. You would scalc tax according to the
price ?
"Answer. I don't mean to say I would exactly do
that; but suppose, for instance, that cotton is not to
fail below twenty-five cents in the next three, fourt
or five years, I should say it would bear a tax oi
somewhere about soven cents."
Take the testimony of John A. Lowell:
" Question. Are you in favor of an export duty or
excise tax on cotton ?
"Answer. I see no objection to it all.
" Question. In case an excise duty wore levied, what
amount would you recommend?
"Answer. L have thought of the matter a good deal,
and I have thought about five cents a pound would
probably he a tax that would affcet nobody."
The testimony of Mr. E. R. Mvidge—a man
of energy and great enterprise uy the manufac-
turing business—is as follows:
" Question. Are you in favor of an export duty or
excise tax on cotton ?
"Answer. I should not object.
" Vtt'.ilion. To what extent?
"Answer. I should say that from five to six cents
might be imposed without detriment to the producing
inlerebt of the youth for two or three years.''
I will now give the testimony of William
Amory, another distinguished gentleman, and
the treasurer of some of the largest cotton
manufacturing establishments in the country:
,4 Question. Would you recommend a tax as high as
fivo cents?.
"A nswer. That would require agrcat deal oi delib-
eration. You would have to put a tax on which would
raise avery large revenue; and if you found there
were five million bales—which I think very likely to
occur much sooner than my iriends generally—I
should think you could reduce it much lower than
tivo cents."
But that was not the tenor of the general tes-
timony.
Mr. GRISWOLD. Is there any evidence
before the committee as to the price at which
the English manufacturers would use American
cotton exclusively?
Mr. MORRILL. I do not suppose that that
would ever be tlie case. Surat cotton, valued
usually at one third less than American cotton,
will most likely always l)e used for some pur-
poses.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. BOUTWELL. I withdraw the amend-
ment.
Mr. KASSON. I move pro forma to amend
the amendment by striking out "three" and
inserting '"'four." I desire to refer to the effect
of placing the tax too high upon the quality
of the article that gets into the hands of the
people. We all know that the high price of
wool has resulted in the insertion, in all woolen
fabrics which we are compelled to use, of a
large amount of shoddy. And it is precisely
in that direction that a heavy tax would pro-
duce the effect in this ease ; it would lead to a
largely increased introduction of an inferior
kind of cotton. I refer to this in addition to
what I said before in regard to the practical
operation of this tax in increasing the price of
cotton goods in the markets at home.
I beg again to say, in connection with this
subject, what in effect was suggested by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Griswold,]
that the consumption of this material by the
English manufacturers is very much depend-
ent upon the price at which they can obtain
it. Suppose we put on a tax of five cents per
pound, or the high tax per bale as suggested
by another gentleman, to be paid by the pro-
ducer, or secured to be paid before the cotton
leaves the plantation, which is substantially
the effect of this amendment, that very mo-
ment you reduce the price of the labor of every
freedman in the southern States. In propor-
tion as you facilitate the production of cotton
and increase the demand for it at home and
abroad, just in that proportion do you enhance
the price of the labor of the freedmen of the
South.
Mr. UPSON. Let me inquire of the gentle-
man whether it is not a fact that at some sea-
sons cotton has been raised and sold for six
cents per pound.
Mr. KASSON. Unquestionably, and some
qualities even lower than that. What I ap-
prehend is that the production of American
cotton may hereafter exceed possibly the de-
mand which will exist for it at the high price
at which our taxes will permanently fix it. It
is this apprehension which makes me hesitate
very much to vote for this tax of five cents
per pound at the begiftniug. I should prefer
to wait until we can ascertain what is to be
the effect of the increase of two per cent, in
our taxation.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I desire to state to the
gentleman that I believe it is an established
fact that at twenty-five ccnts per pound Ameri-
can cotton takes the preference in the markets
of the world over every other kind of cotton.
Mr. KASSON. I should be glad to know
the authority upon which that is stated, for I
noticed that in the remarks of the gentleman
from Vermont, the chairman of the Committee
of Ways and Means, he cited the testimony of
certain gentlemen in this country, and I was
reminded of what transpired before the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means in the last Congress
in reference to the tax upon tobacco. There
were certain gentlemen who advocated most
strenuously the imposition of a high rate of
lax upon the raw material, declaring that we
had the monopoly of the markets of the world, <
and that it made no difference what tax we
might impose. When we followed up those
inquiries, it was found that certain gentlemen
back of the witnesses held a very large amonnt
of tobacco on hand, then deposited in Europe,
the price of which tobacco, would, by an in-
creased tax, have been enhanced to such a
degree as absolutely to make a fortune for the
holders of it. I do not know that anything
like this was the fact with the gentlemen who
have testified in reference to the article of cot-
ton ; but I mention the incident to show the
danger which is to be guarded against in cases
where the personal interests of a witness may
seriously affect his testimony.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I under-
stood the gentleman from New York to say that
American cotton at twenty-five cents per pound
has the preference in the markets of the world
over the cotton of any other country, I desire
to inquire on what authority he makes that state-
ment, as it seems to me 
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. MORRILL obtained the floor.
Mr. STU VENS. If the gentleman from Ver-
mont will yield to me a moment,, I desire to
say, as some gentleman has spoken of cotton
having been sold at six cents per pound, that
gentlemen in whom I have full confidence, who
have traveled through the South within the last
two years, assure me that with free labor cotton
can be everywhere produced there at one cent
a pound.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. With the consent
of the gentleman from Vermont, I wish to put
a question or two to the advocates of the reduc-
tion of this tax, for the purpose of eliciting an
answer upon a practical feature of this question.
The amendment which is proposed by my
colleague [Mr. Kassox] will reduce the amount
of tax proposed to be collected under the pro-
visions of this bill to the extent of about nine
million dollars. The amendment offered by the
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Hoopek]
would reduce the amount to the extent of about
twenty-seven million dollars. Now. I wish those
