1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
451
over the southern States, sustained by a stand-
ing army of something like one hundred and
fifty thousand men—avast military establish-
ment in time of peace. Meantime the public
debt is growing larger and larger ; taxation is
becoming heavier and heavier. By and by, at
the rate you are now moving, you will bankrupt
this nation, or at least bring upon us a fearful
financial crisis. We. are now rapidly approach-
ing it. Instead of economy in the expenditure
of public money, 1 see nothing but evidences
of extravagance everywhere around us. An
enormous military establishment is to be kept
up for the purpose of caring for, schooling, and
maintaining the negroes, so that tbev mav vote
the abolition or Republican ticket in the South.
This system is merely a change of masters.
Under the Freedmen's Bureau, the negroes are
virtually reenslaved. The advent urers from the
North, who have the control of that bureau,
are many of them actuated by the most selfish
and avaricious motives; and tbev seek to make
fortunes for themselves through the agency of
the Freedmen's Bureau.
We can see how the system will work. These
agents of the Freedmen's Bureau will get pos-
session of the abandoned and confiscated lands
and control the labor of the slaves: so that the
unfortunate Africans will lie swindled out of
their earnings and substantially reenslaved by
those who hope to make fortunes by the culti-
vation of those rich lands.
But, sir, I will detain the House no longer.
I know that my argument will have but little
weight or influence on the determined purpose
of that party. There is only one argument that
will move them. Satisfy them that when the
negroes are enfranchised they will vote for the
Democratic party, and the joint resolution will
be at once voted down. Youknowit. Ought
not then such amendments to the Constitution
to be stamped with the contempt of the people ;
ought they not to lie consigned to infamy?
1 will now hoar any question that the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania may desire to put to
me.
Mr. KELLEY. When the gentleman was
appealing personally to us on this side of the
House to know why we did not give suffrage to
those soldiers, between the ages of seventeen
and twenty-one, who fought our battles, and
to tax-paying widows, and the strong-minded
maidens of the country, as bis appeal seemed
"to each gentleman personally, I wanted to ask
him whether he was in favor of giving suffrage
to the three classes lie designated. And 1 as-
sure him. if he introduces a bill for that pur-
pose, it will not want my earnest support. 1 tell
him that whenever he introduces a bill to en-
franchise 
Mr. TT YRDTNG. of Kentucky. I willgo on.
Mr. KELLEY. ' T have the floor.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I only yielded
for a question.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's time has
expired. [Laughter.]
Mr. McKEE obtained the floor.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentuckv. I ask my
colleague to yield to me to respond to the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania.
Mr. McKEE. If my colleague will yield to
the gentleman from Pennsylvania to ask a ques-
tion, I will give him two minutes to make a
response.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. That is very
liberal, indeed : I will take it. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. I beg the gentleman to yield
to me for one minute to answer the question
put by his colleague.
Mr" McKEE. I yield to the gentleman for
one minute, and to my colleague two minutes
to reply. [Laughter.]
Mr. KELLEY. If the gentleman had had
the courtesy to yield when he was upon the
floor he would have had plenty of time to
reply.
When he reproached ns with seducing from
the border Slates their laborers, or, as he calls
them, negroes, be said that their relations were
ail there •" and 1 wanted to ask him then whether
their relations would not still be there in great
numbers even if we took every negro out of
Kentucky. [Laughter.]
Mr. HARDING, of Kent acky. 1 will answer
the gentleman's other question first. He says
that if I will introduce a bill to confer the right
of suffrage upon the strong-minded women of
this country he will join me. I am moat happy
to find that his sympathies are not all entirely
locked up with the negroes. lie is now as lib-
eral as Mr. Beeeherwas the other night. After
that clergyman had discussed the question in
favor of negro suffrage at great length—I saw
it before he came to it—lie said that the white
women had some claims : that they came next
to the negroes, [laughter: ] that the white women
of the country were almost as. good as tlio ne-
groes. [Rcnewedlaugblcr.] Their claims are
postponed, but next to those of the negroes.
Now, when has the voice of my friend been
heard appealing for the tax-paying widows?
No, his voice has always been for the negro.
When was his voice raised for giving the right
of suffrage to the young men who had fought
the battles of the country? You are tiie Con-
stitution makers. Wo are satisfied with the
Government. We are loyal men. You under-
take to tamper with the Constitution, and when
was your voice beard for any but the negro?
Now. for one. I say that I would prefer the
white women and the young men i have referred
to to the negro. I infinitely'prefer giving them
the right of suffrage. I am fonder of them than
the negro.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, I do not know
but the remarks of my colleague. [Mr. IIard-
[\ o.] as I have not my own written, will not
throw me off somewhat from the course I in-
tended to pursue. I did expect to have heard
my colleague enlighten this Iiousc. as I know he
has the capacity, on the question before it. I
regret extremely that he has pursued the same
line of policy that gentlemen belonging to the
same political party have pursued ever since the
idea took possession of the Government that the
negro was to be a freeman. Hi-, whole speech
has been made up of the negro and nothing
else.
He assumed that position—that the Repub-
lican parly on this side of the House seemed to
have but one idea, and thar was to legislate in
favor of the negro. Sir, if there is more than
one idea in the leniaiks of the geuileman I
have failed to see if, and that idea sec-ins to be-
to cling to that old black carcass of slavery so
long as the Democratic party can make capital
out of it by bringing it before the p- ople.
Now. Mr. Speaker. I believe the gentlemen
on this side of the House. all those who have
stood by, upheld, aodnu'iiitauied the honor and
integrity of'our country daring 'he gigantic war
that has swept over the land, a1! airce, now that
slavery has been swept a way. that the basis of rep-
resentation upon which icha> existed heretofore
needs amendment, i assume it as a fact that
the gentlemen of the Republican party, that
party which has stood by ami upheld the flag of
our country against armed treason, now hold
the doctrine that the Constitution needs amend-
ment. 'I hey may dilier in regard to what t hat
amendment shall be. It is reasonable that 1 hey
should, and I am gratified that we have bad so
much discussion, so many points of (litlerence
argued before the people, that we may more
easilv, and as sensible men. be aide to come at
the facts, and ascertain what \\e need.
Mr. Speaker, life gentlemen on the other side
of the House have held ihe doetnae tht ough the
whole war. and they still held it—they have
maintained the old idea that the Constitution
framed by the father"; v,?.u good enough for all
time, and for eternity, if we could run into that.
I believe that the fathers of this country and
framers of this Constitution intended and ex-
pected that that instrument would need amend
meat as our country progressed. Had t bey not
held to that, they would not have put that fifth
article in it. which provides for amendment and
so distinctly points to it. In the face of that
opinion of our fathers, and of the most distin-
guished writers upon constitutional law, includ-
ing Justice Story, who so clearly sots forth that
in time amendment will be needed from the
changed circumstances of our country,.the gen-
tlemen on the opposite side of the House con-
tend that we must stick to that old instrument.
And they go a little further than that. They
say that all amendment is revolutionary; that
it is a usurpation. Look at the record of that
party through this great struggle which has ended
in the triumph of our arms. What measure that
has been proposed by the party on this side of
the House, from the time the first gun was fired
on our forts at Charleston has not been de-
nounced as unconstitutional and a usurpation?
That has been the whole course of that party.
They opposed the levying of war. They said we
had no right to call out f roops to crush out armed
treason. And now, at the end of the war, we
are met with the declaration that it is a usurpa-
tion to attempt to amend the Constitution with-
out lotting those rebellions people be hoard on
this floor. Why is it that tbev are not heard?
Who sent them from these Halls? Of their
own accord they went out, one by one, State by
State. They rose in their seats, put on their
bats, and walked from tliis Capitol in disgust.
They wanted no part in the legislation of the
nation. They said they never would come back.
And now, at the end of the struggle, when their
treason has been crushed and ground to powder,
their apologists on this door say it is a usurpation
to legislate because the voices of those rebels
are not heard here.
I thank God they are not heard in this Ilall.
They have no right here to be heard. We all
remember when they bad their camion mar-
shaled on the heights above this city threaten-
ing the destruction of all that was here. And
yet, according to the theory of the gentlemen
on (he other side, their rights are all the same
to-day. I do not desire to see the day when
armed traitors, or men who upheld the rebel-
lion not armed, can come back here and have
the same rights that. I and you and the men
who upheld the banner of our country in the
field have.
Mr. Speaker. I do not knowthat the amend-
ment now before the House as reported by the
chairman of the committee is all that I would
desire. 1 do not know that it satisfies even that
honorable gentleman himself altogether. But
I believe that it is the best thing they could do,
and if I can get nothing ebc 1 intend to vote
for that. Mj idea is this: that ill regard to
those States lately in lebellion, the tendency of
things seems to be that they are to be repre-
sented here at an ear\v day: that the men whose
hands are yet dripping with treason, stained
with the blood oF the - eel s r: of our country,
1 are. to come bar-k here and be parti' ipanfs in
: earning on this Go\ eminent. I hope that tend-
ency may be arreted. But I say the tendency
; appears to be that way: and if it is consum-
: mated, and they do come back. I want them
to have just as small a representation as this
1 Iiousc can give.
! 1 would like it if the amendment could go a
1 little bevond what it does. I would like so to
amend the Constitution that no man who bad
raised his hand against the flag should ever be
allowed to participate in any of the affairs of
this Government. But it is not probable that
we can go that far. Let us go just as far as we can.
Gentlemen say that they are not willing to
vote for an amendment that strikes off a part of
the icptesenf ation of the States: they aic not
willing to vote for an amendment tliat le-sens
Kentucky's representation upon ibis floor. The
whole course of'my colleague s remark^ on this
point is as the course of his part}—and 1 may
t-av of the loyal party in Kentucky—lias been
through a great part of the war, that Kentucky
is tliequation, and the Knifed States a secondary
appendage to her.
Now. sir, if Kentucky in the future is to have
such Representatives, a majority of lhem. as she
lias had during the last two venrs ef this event-
fed struggle, and as the majority of her delegation
hero to-day. let ir- have just as lew as possible
of that kind. That is my argument upon that
point, in my own Stare, during the whin of
excitement, and when we were supported by the
