1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury,
Ho. of Beps.
regarded as only temporary, and that the work
of retiring the notes which have been issued
under them should be commenced without de-
lay, and carefully and persistently continued
until all are retired.
In speaking of the legal-tender acts, refer-
ence has only been made to those which author-
ized the issue of the United States notes. The
interest-bearing notes which are a legal tender
for their face value were intended to be a
security rather than a circulating medium.; and
it would be neither injurious to the public, nor
an act of bad faith to the holders, for Congress
to declare that, after their maturity, they shall
'cease to be a legal tender, while such a declara- .
tion would aid the Government in its efforts to
retire them, and is therefore recommended.
„ The rapidity with which the Government
notes can be withdrawn will depend upon the
ability of the Secretary to dispose of securities.
The influences of funding upon the money
market will sufficiently prevent their too rapid
withdrawal. The Secretary, however, believes
that a decided movement toward a contraction
of the currency is not only a public necessity,
but that it wiirspeedily dissipate the apprehen-
sion which very generally exists, that the effect
of such a policy must necessarily be to make
money scarce and to diminish the prosperity of
the country.
It is a well-established fact, which has not
escaped the attention of all intelligent observ-
ers, that the demand for money increases (by
reason of an advance of prices) with the sup-
ply, and that this demand is not unfrequently
most pressing when the volume of currency is
the largest and inflation has reached the culmi-
nating point. Money being an unprofitable ar-
ticle to hold, very little is withheld from active
use, and in proportion to its increase prices
advance; on the other hand, a reduction of it
reduces prices, and as prices are reduced the
demand for it falls off; so that, paradoxical as it
may seem, a diminution of the currency may
in fact increase the supply of it.
Nor need there be any apprehension that a
reduction of the currency—unless it be a vio-
lent one—will injuriously affect real prosperity.
Labor is the great source of national wealth,
and industry invariably declines on an inflated
currency. The value of money depends upon
the manner in which it is used. If it stimulates
productive industry, it is a benefit, and to the
extent only to which it does this is it a benefit.
If, on the other hand, it diminishes industry, and
to the extent to which it diminishes it, it is an
evil. Even in the form of the precious metals
it may not prove to be wealth to a nation. The
idea that a country is necessarily rich in pro-
portion to the amount of gold or silver which
it possesses, is a common and natural, but an
erroneous one: while the opinion that real pros-
perity is advanced by an increase of paper money
beyond what is absolutely needed as a medium
for exchanges of real values, is so totally fal-
lacious, that few sane men entertain it whose
judgment is not clouded by the peculiar finan-
cial atmosphere which an inflation is so apt to
produce.
An irredeemable paper currency may be a
necessity, but it can scarcely fail, if long con-
tinued, to be a calamity to any people. Gold
andgSilver arc the only propermeasure of value.
They have been made so by the tacit agreement
of nations, and are the necessary regulator of
trade, the medium by which balances are set-
tled between different countries and between
sections of the same country. As a universal
measure of value, they are a commercial ne-
cessity. The trade between different nations
and between sections of the same country is
carried on by an exchange of commodities, but.
is never equally balanced by them; and unless
credits are being established, the movements
of coin unerringly indicate on which side the
balance exists.
If the United States buy of other nations—
as thev now and too generally do more than
they sell to them, it is evident that a balance is
thus created which must either be settled in
coin or continued as a debt.
That balances between nations should be
promptly paid is the dictate of wisdom, because
by prompt payment the adverse current is
checked before the debtor nation becomes se-
riously involved; while, on the other hand, if
they are permitted to accumulate, they may,
when the day of payment can no longer be de-
ferred, prove not only disastrous to the debtor,
but greatly disturb the business of the creditor
nation. Even with the vast increase of gold
and silver which has taken place within the last
quarter of a century, the specie which is pos-
sessed by commercial nations is a very incon-
siderable sum in comparison with their foreign
and domestic properly exchanges; and no na-
tion can afford to continue a traffic which leaves
it with a heavy debt to be paid in the precious
metals, unless these metals are a part of its
productions, and then only to the extent that
they are productions. When there are no
artificial obstacles in the way, and balances be-
tween nations are promptly settled, the flow of
coin from one to the other produces but little
embarrassment to the debtor nation. The nation
that loses coin either diminishes its purchases,
or, by a reduction of the priccs of its commodi-
ties which the loss occasions, becomes a more
inviting market than before, and by attracting
purchasers, reverses the current and draws
again to itself the coin of which it had been
deprived.
All this is well understood, and if trade be-
tween nations were carried on by an exchange
of products and a prompt payment of balances
in specie, no nation would ever become in-
debted to another to an extent seriously to
affect its prosperity.
All serious embarrassment growing out of
commercial intercourse between the people of
different nations results from failure in the
prompt payment of balances, and the carrying
forward of these balances by extensions of
credits.
The trade between the different sections of
the United States is subject to the same laws.
If one section, in the course of trade, becomes
a debtor to another, the balances must, be car-
ried in the form of debt, always expensive and
generally dangerous to the debtor section, or
settled with money. If themeasnreof valueis a
convertible currency, and trade and exchanges
are left to the natural laws that govern them,
settlements take place promptly and without em-
barrassment to business. The banks of the
debtor section are drawn upon by tlieir depos-
itors and note-holders for coin or exchange.
This return of notes and withdrawal of deposits,
if considerable in amount, produce a contrac-
tion of discounts; and this contraction either
checks overtrading or so reduces the price of
products as to increase the demand for them
until the current changes and the equilibrium
is restored.
This brief statement, of the well-known laws^
of trade not only illustrates the necessity of
prompt payment of balances between the Uni-
ted States and foreign nations and between the
different sections of the United States, but the
necessity of having everywhere the same stand-
ard of value. _ .
It is admitted that on a coin basis there will
be periods of expansion. rl imes of the Greatest
expansion and speculation in the United States
have been, indeed, when the banks were nomi-
nally paving specie. This was the case priorto
the revulsions of 183V and 1857, the expansion
of credits having, in both instances, preceded
suspension: but this does not militate against
the theory just stated.
The great expansion of 1835 and 183^, end-
ingwitli the terrible financial collapse of 1837,
11 from the effects of which the country did not
| rally for years, was the consequence of ex-
|; cessive bank circulation and discounts, ana an
ji abuse of the creditsystem, stimulated in the first
!! place by Government deposits with the State
I ■ banks, and swelled by currency and creditsuntil,
under the wild spirit of speculation which per-
vaded the counlry, labor and production de-
creased to such an extent thattheeountrywhieh
should have been the great food-producing coun-
try of the world became an importer of bread-
stuffs.
The balance of trade had been for a long
time favorable to Europe and against the Uni-
ted States, and also in flavor of the commercial
cities of the sea-board and against the interior,
but a vicious system of credits prevented the
prompt settlement of balances. The importers
established large credits abroad, by means of
which they were enabled to give favorable terms
to the jobbers. The jobbers, in turn, were thus,
and by liberal accommodations from the banks,
able to give "their own time'' to country mer-
chants, who, in turn, sold to their customers
on an indefinite credit. It then seemed to be
more reputable to borrow money than to earn
it, and pieasanter, and apparently more profit-
able, to speculate than to work; and so the
people ran headlong into debt,, labor decreased,
production fell off, and ruin followed.
The financial crisis of 1857 was the result of
a similar cause, namely, the unhealthy exten-
sion of the various forms of credit. But, as in
this case the evil had not been long at work,
and productive industry had not been seriously
diminished, the reaction, though sharp and
destructive, was not general, nor were the em-
barrassments resulting from it protracted. _
Now, in both these instances the expansions
occurred while the business of the country was
upon a specie basis, but it was only nominally
so. A false system of credits had intervened,
under which payments were deferred, and specie
as a measure of value and a regulator of trade
was practically ignored. Everything moved
smoothly and apparently prosperously as long
as credits could be established and continued,
but. as soon as payments were demanded and
specie was in requisition, distrust commenced,
and collapse ensued. In these instances the
expansions preceded and contraeiions followed
the suspensions, but it will be recollected that
while the waves were rising specie ceased to be
a regulator, by reason of a credit system which
prevented the use of it.
The present inflation following the suspen-
sion of 18(51, is tlic result of heavy expenditures
by the Government in the prosecution of the
war and tlic introduction of a new measure of
value in the form of linked States and Treas-
ury notes as lawful money. The country, as a
whole, notwithstanding the ravages of the war,
and t.lie draft which has been made upon labor,
is, by its greatly developed resources, far in
advance in real wealth of what it was in 1807,
when the last severe financial crisis occurred.
The people arc now comparatively free from
debt; the banks, with their secured circulation
and large investments in Government, securi-
ties, although not in an easy condition, and
doubtless too much extended, are it isbelieved,
generally solvent; but the vimo causes are at
work that produced the evils referred to.
There is an immense volume of paper money
in circulation—under the inllucucu of which
prices, already enormously high, are steadily
advancing, and speculation is increasing—
which must be eontractcd if similar disasters
would be avoided.
If the war could have been prosecuted on a
specie basis, there would doubtless have been
a considerable advance in the prices of those
articles which were in demand by the Govern-
ment ; but, inasmuch as in the condition of our
political affairs extensive credits could not have
been established in Europe, the tendency m
this direction would have been kept within rea-
sonable check by the outflow of coin to other
nations, which would have been the natural re-
sult of the advancing priccs in the LTnitedSlates.
Ona basis of paper money, for which there was
no outlet, all articles needed for immediate use,
of which it became the measure of value, felt
and responded to the daily increase of tee cur-
rency; so that rents and the prices of most
