3436
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
chusetts, [Mr. Sumjteb,] who would be willing,
as an original proposition, to consent to the
introduction of the negro race into this coun-
try in any considerable numbers to become
citizens. And why? Because he would wish
to avoid the dangers arising from the contra-
riety of races in the same body-politic. His
philosophic mind, enlightened by all the history
of the past, would enable him to foresee bloody
scenes of revolution like those which have
just attested in our own age and land the sad
consequences of introducing different races into
the same community. But then, sir, the negro
is here; hero without any fault or will of his
own, and by no fault or will of ours. Pour
millions of his race are here, and we cannot
help it. What are we to do ? Say there is no
difficulty in the situation of affairs and shut our
eyes upon the perils that surround us? Sir, I
do not believe either in the policy or the pro-
priety of discussing this great national ques-
tion after the manner of an advocate at the
bar or a partisan on the hustings, seeking to
make the most of the side of the case he es-
pouses. The obligations of the Senator rise
above this; and if we would comprehend our
duty and discharge it intelligently, we must
survey the question in all its bearings. And
now, sir, having made these general observa-
tions, and having, as I believe, fairly stated the
general principles of law and policy applicable
to the proposition under consideration, so as
to give to those who deny the right or expedi-
ency of negro enfranchisement the full benefit
of all they can logically or lawfully claim in
support of their position, I proceed in my ex-
amination of the bill before the Senate. My
only desire is to ascertain what is true in itself,
just to the negro, and safe for the country.
Mr. President, it is useless now to discuss
the propriety or impropriety of the abolition
of slavery in the United States. The deed is
done. It is an accomplished fact. It is irre-
versible; and because it is irreversible it affords
a strong prcsumptou that it must be right. No
Senator, I imagine, would assert that lie would
reestablish slavery in this country if he could.
No Senator will contend that the white race in
this country is not in a better condition with-
out slavery than with it. Whether gradual
emancipation would not have been the better
mode, better for the master and better for the
slave, it is now too late to determine. It is
well known that Mr. Lincoln would have pre-
ferred gradual emancipation. In this prefer-
ence I concurred with him. It would, in my
opinion, have prevented many of the sore evils
which are now afflicting so many of the colored
race. But the pressure of events, the exigen-
cies of the war, and the madness of the slave-
holders ihemselves, did not permit any such
beneficent delay. At all events the deed is
done; and four million human beings, lately
slaves, are now free, forever free. For myself,
I rejoice that it is so. I voted for the consti-
tutional amendment, and thus aided in the
accomplishment of the result. To this extent
I am individually responsible for the result.
The nation, through the means provided in its
organic law, has ratified and confirmed the
decree of universal emancipation. So the
nation, too, is responsible for the great result.
Does our duty cease here? I think not. The
question still remains, what shall bo done with
the freedmen? I have always entertained the
opinion that it would be better for the races to
be separated, if it were practicable to separate
them. But it is impracticable to do so at this
time. Gradual emancipation might possibly
have rendered deportation and colonization
available. But this is impossible, even if it were
desirable, under existing circumstances. Wo
have not the means to do it. We cannot support
the burden of increased public debt which any
commensurate effort to do it would necessarily
impose upon us. And if we had the pecuniary
means, the moral and intellectual condition of
the great mass of our colored population wholly
disqualifies them for the duties and responsi-
bilities involved in any separate colonial or-
ganization. They must undergo a century of
moral, intellectual, and civil, if not political,
tuition before they will be prepared for the
high behests of self-government.
What, then, is the nation's duty to its freed-
men ; freed by our act, not their own? In
relation to a certain class of its duties, I sup-
pose there can be no difference of opinion
amQng all enlightened, humane, and Christian
statesmen. We owe to the freedman the guar-
antee of every civil right of man. He must be
fully protected in the enjoyment of "life, lib-
erty, and the pursuit of happiness." He must
have the same rights in these respects that you
or I have; and the securities and guarantees
surrounding them must be as ample for him as
they are for you or for me. To this extent he
must be made equal before the law. Why
should it not be so ? This protection involves,
on his part, obedience to- the law; the same
obedience that the white man renders. Enjoy-
ing the full benefit of this relation to civil gov-
ernment, he must also bear its burdens, the
same burdens which the white man bears. He
must pay taxes. He must render military ser-
vice. He must work upon or pay for keeping in
repair the public highways. He must, in short,
respond to all the obligations and duties which
rest upon the white man. Upon what princi-
ple of justice or equity, therefore, will it be
said that he is not entitled to the same civil
rights, privileges, and immunities as the white
man ? If he performs all the civil duties of the
citizen, how can he be deprived of any of the
civil rights of a citizen? Does the mere color
of his skin constitute any rational disability?
Surely not in the mind of any Christian states-
man.
But aside from all these considerations of
obligation and duty, it is clear that the welfare
of both races, and of the nation, would be
promoted by cheerfully and faithfully extend-
ing all civil rights and guarantees of civil rights
to the freedman. While he remains here it is
for our interest, no less than for his, that he
should bo elevated in character and capacity
as speedily and to as great an extent as possi-
ble. But how can we rationally expect im-
provement in these respects, or in any respect,
if, while he has the name of freedman, we with-
hold from him the privileges and immunities
rightfully and logically belonging to that rela-
tion, and treat him, in fact, as if he were still
a slave ? Will lie not sink under the helpless-
ness and hopelessness of such a situation into
a degradation deeper than that from which he
has been wrested—a burden and a curse to the
community where he dwells? And do we not
here find a complete answer to the allegation
so constantly and vehemently reiterated in our
ears that the free negro will not labor and uni-
formly leads an indolent, vicious, and disrepu-
table life? What motive had he in the slave
States to do otherwise? But throw around him
the protection and extend to him the privi-
leges of the citizen, and he will be stimulated
to industry, and will have some inducement to
improve his condition. Let his manhood be
recognized if you wish to develop it.
In reference to these suggestions, however,
I suppose there will not be much controversy.
But what is the logical inference from these
statements ? Can it be true that a class of men
may be justly entitled to all the civil rights and
privileges of the citizen, and still be wholly
unworthy of all political rights? Is not the
relation between civil and political rights inti-
mate if not indissoluble? How can they be
logically separated? Does not civil obligation
imply political right unless some motive of the
public welfare and safety intervenes to justify
the exclusion ? The fundamental principle of
our political institutions is, that all rightful
government must rest on the consent of the
governed. If the freedmen are to be subject
to the laws, are they not, therefore, entitled in
justice and equity to some authority in the
appointment of those who are to make the
laws? There is another fundamental principle
of American liberty involved in the question.
It was the cardinal complaint of our revolu-
tionary fathers that they were taxed without
representation. _ Upon this issue they went to
war. Upon this issue the revolutionary war
was fought. How can we consistently tax the
freedmen and wholly exclude them from rep-
resentation ? Upon what principle, I ask, can
this be done? And upon what principle of
justice or American liberty, I furthermore ask,
can freedman be compelled to perform military
service, and yet be excluded from having any
voice in the Government which sends him to
the field ? Is he to be intrusted with the bay-
onet and not with the ballot? Is he worthy to
die for his country, and yet necessarily un-
worthy of the elective franchise? I am not
unmindful of the clamor with which these prop-
ositions are met. Do I propose, I shall be
asked, to make the black soldier equal to the
white soldier ? The question is hardly worthy
of a statesman, and is therefore, in this place,
hardly worthy of a reply. The equality of the
two races as soldiers is not at all involved in
the issue I am discussing. But I do not mean
to say that the colored soldier is equal to the
white soldier. I do not believe that he is.
Under the circumstances in which he is placed
it is impossible that he should be. But if he
is worthy of being a soldier at all is he not
worthy of being a citizen and a voter ? Should
we fear to give the ballot to him who is ready
to give his life for his country? His country,
sir! He who is morally and intellectually quali-
fied to vote, and is denied the privilege, can
hardly be said to have a country. He is vir-
tually still a slave. Sir, jvc have seen the blood
of the black man and the blood of the white
man during the late terrible rebellion mingling
undistinguishably together as a common libation
to liberty on the altar of their country. Is not
such a sacrifice sufficient to propitiate the favor
of a magnanimous race, and to merit the boon
of political enfranchisement? For myself, sir,
I should be ashamed to deny it wherever there
is capacity to appreciate it and use it discreetly,
and where I have the right to bestow it.
Again, Mr. President, what is the legitimate
effect on the status of the freedman of the con-
stitutional amendment abolishing slavery ? If
he was not a citizen before that amendment took
effect is he not now? According to the spirit
of our institutions, if not according to the let-
ter of our Constitution, it, appears to me that
he is. I can conceivo of no intermediate state
between slavery and citizenship among the na-
tives of our soil and within our jurisdiction,
unless there be an exclusion in express terms.
Why were negroes born on our soil heretofore
ruled not to bo citizens ? Was it simply be-
cause they were of African descent? I sup-
pose not—no more than it would be compe-
tent to exclude on account of German de-
scent or French descent. It was because the
negro belonged to an enslaved race; it was
on account of slavery; it was because their
ancestors were brought to this country as chat-
tels and not as persons. But slavery being now
abolished, and all men born on our soil being
now made free by our organic law, the reason
of the original exclusion no longer exists.
With the extinction of slavery, its incidents
and disabilities are necessarily extinguished.
I know it is said that the sole effect of the con-
stitutional amendment was to release him from
the control of his master—nothing more. But
it seems to me that this is a narrow view of
the subject. Freedom is a fact if it is any-
thing— a reality, not a mere shadow without
substance.
It was Kossuth, I believe, who said "liberty
is liberty, as God is God." But if the effect
of constitutional emancipation, and constitu-
tional prohibition of slavery forever in this land
be nothing more than is thus claimed for it,
removing the control of the master but leaving
the freedman subject to all the other disabil-
ities of slavery, it is a mere mockery. # That
the question of color had nothing to do with
the exclusion of persons of African descent
from the status of American citizenship I
think is made clear by Mr. Justice Curtis in
his opinion in the Dred Scott case, which case
constitutes the only authority, 1 believe, against
