1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be amended by striking out that part of the
proviso. It now reads:
Provided, Thai no one of the marine hospitals shall
be exposed to sale or lease where the relict furnished
to sick marines shall show an extent of ielief equal
to twenty cases per diem, on an average, for the last
preceding four years, or where no other suitable and
suiucient hospital accommodations can be procured
uiimi reasonable terms for the comfort and conven-
ience of the patients.
That would be granting liim leave to sell
three of the hospitals, when we have just said
lie shall not sell them.
Mr. CHANDLER. It should be stricken
out now in order to make the bill conform with
the amendment just made.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move to amend that
proviso by striking out the word "such" at
the end of the eleventh line, and to insert
the word "the,"' and after the word "lease"
in the twelfth line, to strike out the words,
"where the relief furnished to sick mariners
shall show an extent of relief equal to twenty
cases per diem, on an average, for the last
preceding four years, or so that it will read:
Provided, That no one of the marine hospitals
shall be exposed tosalefh lease where no other suit-
able and sufficient hospital accommodations can be
procured upon reasonable terms for the comfort and
convenience ot the patients.
The amendment was agreed to.
'The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
ip and ordered to be engrossed, and the bill to
be read a third time. It was read the third
time and passed.
LAKE PORTAGE SHIP-CANAL.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 193) to amend an
act entitled "An act granting land to the State
of Michigan, to aid in building a harbor and
ship-canal at Portage Lake, Keweenaw Point,
Lake Superior," approved March 3, 18G5. It
proposes to amend the sccond section of the
act mentioned in its title by striking out the
word "two" before the word "hundred" and
inserting the word "four;" and the iifth sec-
tion by striking out the word "two" before the
word "years" and inserting the word "live;"
but the land granted by this bill, and by the act
to which it is an amendment, is to be selected
from alternate even-numbered sections belong-
ing to the United States in the upper peninsula
of the State of Michigan, and from land to
which the right of homestead or preemption
has not attached ; and the grant is to inure for
the benefit and use of the Portage Lake and
Lake Superior Ship-Canal Company, in ac-
cordance with an act of the Legislature of the
State of Michigan conferring the land granted
to the State,-by the act of March 3, 1865, on
that company.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to recommit the bill
to the Oommitlee on Commerce, in order that
they may put it in shape.
Mr. CHANDLER. For what purpose?
Mr. GIUMES. Because I do not think we
ought, to pass a bill that merely says that such
an act of Congress, passed some previous year,
shall bo amended by striking out the word
" two" and inserting the word "four" in such
a line.
Mr.'CfllANDLER. Last year Congress passed
an act donating two hundred thousand acres of
land to build a canal across Keweenaw Point.
Mr. GRIMES. 1 understand all that; I know
what the purpose of it is.
Mr. CHANDLER. The only effect of this
bill is to grant four hundred thousand instead
of two hundred thousand acres of land. If it
is sent back to the committee it cannot be im-
proved. Every member of this Senate under-
stands precisely what is to be accomplished by
it. It is to strike out two hundred thousand
and insert four hundred thousand acres of land.
Mr. POMEROY. From the reading of the
bill. I judge it appropriates the even-numbered
sections of land. All appropriations of land
made by Congress have been for the odd sec-
tions, because sections sixteen and thirty-six
are school sections, and we have never appro-
priated the even sections. No bill has ever
passed the Committee on Public Lands, at any
rate, that had such a provision in it. I think
this bill ought to be made to conform to our
legislation in that respect before it is passed.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The mo-
tion is to recommit the bill to the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. GRIMES. I beg to call the attention
of the Senate to this bill, and I ask any Sena-
tor whether he could tell from the language of
the bill, whether four hundred thousand acres
of land were to be appropriated in place of two
hundred thousand, or whether it was four mil-
lions, or whether it was four acres in place of
two. It reads thus:
lie it. enaeted, That the second section of the act
aforesaid bo, avi'i thesame is hereby, amended bystri-
king out the word " two "betorc the word "hundred,"
and inserting the word "lour."
That is all of that branch of the paragraph.
And til at the iif ill section be. and the same is hereby,
amended b> stiiking out the word "two" betorethc
wordyears and inserting the word "live:'' Provided,
That the land gi anted by this act, and by the act to
which this is an amendment,, shall be selected from
alternate even-numbered sections belonging to the
United States in the upper peninsula of the State of
Michigan, &o.
A bill, when it comes from a committee,
ought to be drawn in such a way as to state
specifically what it proposes to do, in order
that every Senator can see exactly what the
effect of it is.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce went upon the assumption that all Sen-
ators could read. 'That may bo a violent as-
sumption. Wo supposed, at least, that the
chairman of the Committee on Naval Affairs
would be able to read, and therefore he would
understand that this amendatory bill gave them
four hundred thousand instead of two hundred
thousand acres of land. I do not see how be
can desire anything plainer or more specific
than that. The act of last year gave them two
years within which to complete this work. It
has been ascertained that it cannot be com-
pleted in two years, but can be in five years.
This bill is as plain as the English language
can make it. It refers to a specific bill and
makes specific changes in that bill. It strikes
out two hundred thousand and inserts four
hundred thousand. This land was donated
last year to the Stale of Michigan. The Legis-
lature of the State of Michigan granted a char-
ter to a company and placed the work under
the charge of the Governor. The Governor
ascertained that it could not be done for that
amount of land and within the time specified,
and then the Legislatures of New York, Wis-
consin, Illinois, Michigan, and of several States
and the boards of trade of all the principal
eommiucial cities sent petitions here asking
for this increase.
This bill is based upon a resolution of the
Legislature of the State of New York. While
this canal is in the State of Michigan, the State
of New York has ten times the interest in the
building of it that the State of Michigan has,
and the State of Pennsylvania has ten times
the interest of Michigan in it. It is not for the
interest of Michigan any more than it is for the
interest of every State connected with the com-
merce of the great lakes. The building of
this canal will save a dangerous navigation of
some one hundred and seventy miles, by simply
cutting a canal for a mile and a half or two
miles across a low ncck of land. The whole
commerce of that region would be greatly ben-
efited by the construction of that canal. It
cannot be built for two hundred thousand acres I
of land, but we are assured that it can be for
four hundred thousand. The Legislature of
the State of New York deemed this subject of
sufficient importance to pass a concurrent res-
olution asking this appropriation from Con-
gress ; and, in accordance with the requests
from the State Legislatures and boards of trade
and the commercial interests of the country,
| the Committee on Commerce have recom-
1 mended the passage of this bill. As is well
known, the lands in that region are not valu-
able ; they are very poor, very rough, not de-
sirable for agricultural purposes, notih demand.
If for four hundred thousand acres of those
lands we can have commerce benefited to the
extent that it will be by the construction of
this canal, I certainly think there is not a mem-
ber of this body who will be opposed to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask leave to modify my
motion so as to refer this bill t.o the Committee
on Public Lands, whore it properly belongs. X
do not know how it got before the Committee
on Commerce.
Mr. MORRILL. The bill may be open to
the criticism of the Senator from Iowa in some
respegts, though I am inclined to think it is a
little severe. There is no difficulty in under-
standing what the bill is. That is carrying the
joke a little too far. It refers to an act passed
here last year, and by a reference to that act
it can be made certain precisely what it is.
'Therefore it is not bad for want of certainty,
The laws of last year are as certain as the laws
of this year. That law is just as certain now
as it would be if it were altered. Therefore,
the criticism falls substantially, for if it is cer-
tain to ageneral intent, for if it is certain to a dead
certainty, then the objection which the Senator
raises is invalid. But I agree with him per-
fectly that it is always advisable that each bill
should show on its face precisely what it is. I
think that is the better form. But I do not see
any reason for referring this bill to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana. The sixteenth and
thirty-sixth sections of the public lands are
always given to Schools, and yet this bill pro-
poses to give the even-numbered sections to
this company.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps the objection to
granting the even-numbered sections is a valid
objection. I cannot say as to that. Perhaps
the bill ought to be amended in that regard,
but if so, it can be amended on the spot, I
suppose.
Mr. CHANDLER. So far as that is con-
cerned, I presume there will be no objection to
an amendment in regard to that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the motion to refer this bill to the
Committee on Public Lands.
The motion was agreed to.
SHIP AllT UNION.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to
change the name of the ship Art Union to the
name of George M. Barnard. It authorizes
the Secretary of the Treasury to change the
name of the ship Art Union, owned by the
State of Massachusetts, and used as quarters
for the nautical branch of the Reform School
of that State, to the name George M. Barnard,
and to grant the ship a register in the latter
name.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate without amendment, ordered to a third read-
ing, read the third time, and passed.
REGISTERS TO VESSELS.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the bill (S.
No. 89) to issue American registers to the steam
vessels Michigan and Dispatch, was read a sec-
ond time and considered as in Committee of the
Whole. It directs the Secretary of the Treas-
ury to issue American registers to the Canadian-
built steamers Michigan and Dispatch, of the
collection district of Detroit.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move to insert after
the word "Dispatch," in the fifth lino, the
words, "and the American-built steamer W.
K. Muir."
The amendment was agreed to.^
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, was read the third time, and passed.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the title of
the bill was amended so as to read, '1A bill to
