454"
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 26,
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is to one of those at-
tempts,-in'my judgment the most insidious,
dangerous, and subversive that has been sug-
gested during this session of Congress, that I
shall-mainly invite the attention of the House.
The point to which I refer is based upon a sug-
gestion that, several days ago. fell from the lips
of the honorable gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. JOaley,] whom I am sorry not to see in
his seat. It amounts, using his own language,
to this proposition, that Congress has the power,
under the Constitution of the United States as
it now stands, to "so regulate the suffrage as
to give the right of suffrage to every male citi-
zen of the country of twenty-one years of age,
whtther a citizen by birth or naturalization."
1ft view o"f the facts Connected with the history
of our Constitution and its formation, it does ap-
pear to me that this proposition is one of the most
dangerous and startling that has yet been sug-
gested ill connection with our national policy,
and if adopted, it cannot fail, sooner or later, to
subvert, the most benefiecnt principles of our
system of government.
Before 1 proceed, I call attention to the fact
that the honorable gentleman invites a direct
issue with the President of the United States
upon this subject. Now, I may here remark
that, so far as the President is concerned in
connection with this and every other question,
either now or hereafter, demanding lit action
at the hands of this Congress, if anything that
shall fall from my lips shall seem to be a de-
fense of him, it must be taken as tending in that
direction simply and solely because in my judg-
ment it is right, and not because he is my Pres-
ident ill any partisan sense or 1 his champion.
I am here to do my duty to the extent of my
humble ability, and 1 am resolved at least to be
at one with my own conscience and my own
judgment. The President lias said in his an-
nual message that "it is not competent for the
GeneraHro\ eminent to extend the elective fran-
chise in the several States." The honorable
gentleman from Pennsylvania replies that that
question "was settled by the express language
of the Constitution right the other way ' and
then, in a spirit more of satire than of kindness
or respect, ho adds :
"Ttis eriilerit, thnt tho absorbim; duties in which
ho wns nnsiiKed while military governor ot Tenneswo
and of the high oliioc to winch he was so ?u<Ul only and
unexpectedly e.ilU-il linvo prevented President .John-
son from exuminin? tlml, question historically."
1 propose now, for a few moments, t o examine
this question ■niih a somewhat extensive refer-
ence to the history of the Constitution in this
connection, and ii' possible to arrive at a con-
clusion whether the honorable gentleman from
Pennsylvania has given greater attention to the
history of this question than the. President, and
whether the conclusion which he has readied
is a safer ono for the country or morn in har-
mony with tho history and true intent of the
Constitution than that of the President.
At the time this provision in the Constitution
on the subject of the qualiiieatioiis of electors
ill the different Stales was under the consider-
ation of the constitutional Convention, we all
know that there existed in the States a very
great diversity of provisions and regulations
upon this subject of suffrage. They differed
both in extent and principle. In some of tho
Stales the suffrage was extended upon principles
of great liberality to almost all men of compe-
tent age; while in other States it was extended
upon principles of less liberality, and in some
States it was limited by lingering principles of
the feudal system, which still prevailed in the
laws of descent and the transmission of prop-
erty in some of the States.
It was in view of these diversities that the
constitutional Convention approached the con-
sideration of this question. And wo are told
by Mr, Story, in his excellent Commentaries on
that sacred charter of our liberty, that for ob-
vious reasons it would have been improper to
leave that subject open for the occasional reg-
ulation of Congress, even as to the qualifica-
tion of electors for Representatives to its own
body j and therefore it was settled in the Con-
stitution ii ,elf, and placed forever beyond the
control of Congress. (Story's Commentaries
on the Constitution, see. 583.)
The Constitution declares that—
"Tho Houso of Representatives shaft be composed
of members chosen every second year by the people
of the several States, and the electors in each State
shall have the qualiiieatioiis requisite ior electors of
the most immerous branch of the State Legislature."
—Constitution, art. 1, sec. 2, clause 1.
Now, who determines those qualifications in
the respective States? I say that the people of
the several States themselves determine those
qualifications, and no other power on earth is
authorized to interfere. The language of the
Constitution is clear and emphatic. It is too
plain to require interpretation. . It establishes
a rule which, in the nature of our Government,
cannot be uniform. It is to be fixed by each
State for itself. And upon this point I desire
to invite attention for a moment to a few
authorities, and they arc authorities of great
weight and distinction in the constitutional his-
tory of our country; authorities entitled to the
very highest consideration at the hands of then-
posterity. And first., Alexander Hamilton, one
of the earliest and greatest, and purest expound-
ers of our Federal Constitution, who may be
ranked as standing at the head of our great
statesmen of the earlier school. "What doc s he
say? In No. 52 of the Federalist he uses this
language:
"To have reduced the different qualifications in the
different States to one uniform rule would probably
have been as dissatisfactory to some of the States as
it would have been diltieult to the Convention. The
piovision made by the Convention appears, therefore,
j to bo the best that lay within their option. It muit
j be sutis-faetorr/ In evert/ State, b<'f:<nt<ic it it conformable
j to the .v'./ti/rrtuly (■•itahli'.lii il or iciiieh be
j by i7.. Stole ittf//. It will be safe to the
United States, because, tcin:: fixed by the State eon-
J stitutions, i t.is not alterable by the Statec-ovornments;
and it cannot be d that the people of the Staled
will niter this part, of their constitutions in such man-
ner a-1 to abridge tho rights secured to them by the
jf'edcral Constitution."
And in ibis connection I beg leave to invite
the attention of the House to a fact, perhaps
forgotten by some, that this number of the Fed-
eralist may be quoted with equal propriety as
expressing the deliberate opinion and judgment
of Mr. Hamilton and Mr. Madison ; because, in
every list of the numbers of that work ever fur-
nished by Mr. Madison himself lie claimed that
ho, ami not Mr. Hamilton, was the author of
No. 02; and Mr. 1 Limilton, in some of his lists,
claimed that he was its author, and not Mr.
Madison. But tho claim that is made by both
of those distinguished statesmen for the pater-
nity of ihis number of the Federalist is enough
to establish the fact that both oftliom approved,
indorsed, and adopted n-> his own the opinions
expressed in it. 1 therefore quote it now as
expressing the equally deliberate judgment of
.Mr. Madison himself upon this sidijeet.
And in (his eounec1iou f will hrielly invite
attention to another authority, i quote now
from Hie ILiMory of the Constitution, by Mr.
Curtis. 1 read it for the purpose of showing
•what were the intentions, as lie understands
(hem, of the frames of this particular part of
i lie Constitution. He snys:
" The committor of dot nil. after a review of all thee
considerations, present "d a M-bumc that was well
adapted to meet the difficulties of the ease. They
proposed tint the same per,-ons who. by the lows of
the several States were admit tor! to vote tor members
ot' the moat numerous branch of their own Legisla-
tures. should ha\etheri<rhtto vote for tlm Represent-
atives of Concre-^. Tho adoption of this principle
avoided the ncccs-ity of di-franchising any portion
of tho people of a .State by a ot qualifications
unknown to their laws. .As the btates were the he.-.t
judges ot tho en• nm>!-inees and temper of their own
poo;,!c, it was ecrmi^iy he t to 'joreihatofh'mi to the
snppoit o  the jcw Constitution byihis concession,
it wa< possible, indeed, but n< t very probable, that
thev mk'ht aduiii loic'mm-rs to the liuht of \otmg
v. ithout rh'> prc\ i<uw qualification of eUi/cn^hip. It
vias po^jhle, too, that they misht estalm.d] universal
suffrage in i's mo-st unrestricted sen^e. J3uf as j install
these evils there existed one great security, namely,
that the mischiefs of a a absolutely free suffrage would
he"felt ino-t severely by themselves in their own do-
mestic concern*; and a-rninsl Die t-pecinl danger to be
arprehendod from the indiscriminate admission of
foreigners to the right of Vvtmi;, another feature of
the proposed plan '^ave t he nat ion ai Legislature power
to withhold from ^pcrsen^ of for-din hiiih the privi-
leges of general citizenship, aliliough a State might
confer upou them the power of voting without pre-
vious naturalization."
I will read no more of that authority, hut
simply add that in a somewhat lengthy review
of this subject Mr. Curtis fully sustains the ex-
pressed opinions of Mr. Madison and Mr. Ham-
ilton, and the present Executive of the United
States.
I think it will be generally conceded by most
men in this country that if this great power
which is claimed by the honorable gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kfj/ley] exists at all,
it cannot be found to rest upon this provision
of the Constitution, but must fuid its abiding
place in another clause of the Constitution,
which I will now read to the House. It is as
follows:
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed in caeh State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law, make or alter
such regulations, except as to tho places of choosing
Senators.—Constitution, art. 1, sec. 4, clause 1.
Now, I invite attention to the obvious fact
that this provision of the Constitution is lim-
ited by its own terms to certain objects. What
are they? First, to the times." Times of
what? The times of holding the elections.
Second, to the "places."' The places for what?
The places for holding the elections. Third, to
the "manner.17 Now, I invite attention to the
obvious meaning of that word taken in connec-
tion with the context. The manner of what?
Is it the manner of determining the qualifica-
tions of electors? Is it intended to refer to
the mode in which the persons who are to exer-
cise this franchise shall be determined? No,
sir ; it relates solely to the manner of holding
elections, not the manner of determining who
shall vote or who shall not vote. Such is the
construction placed upon this provision by Mr.
Justice Story, whose examination of the his-
tory of the Constitution was perhaps more thor-
ough and exhaustive than that of any other
jurist or statesman in our country, lie dis-
poses of the monstrous idea that Congress may
regulate elections in the States, or that such
purpose was ever cherished by the framers of
the Constitution, in the following manner :
"What would bo said of a clause introduced into
the national Constitution to regulate the State elec-
tions of the members of tho State Legislatures? It
would be deemed a most unwarrantable transfer of
power, indicating a premeditated design to destroy
the State governments, it would be deemed so flag-
rant a violation ol principle as to rcejuhe no com-
ment."—Story on Conitituiioa, sec. 811).
Then, confining the power of Congress, under
the provision in question, to Hie mere if filia-
tion. of the times, places, and maimer of hold-
ing election^, he approves it as demanded by
possible emergencies that may arise in the his-
tory of the Union, and adds:
"Thei o is no pictensc to «ny that the power in tho
naltonal (rovernment enn be u^ed -;o n-? to exclude
an\ State-lrom its share in the representation in Con-
gress. *Xur ctai it bf si <i<l with eo/vecM.-,ss that Conare^s
cut, in on}/ (the? th<- rit/Ju's or qvahjicitions of
votns. The most that can he urged with any show
ot argument is, that the power might, ui a given ease,
be employ ed in tach u manner as to promote tho elec-
tion of some favoiite e.indid-ite. or favorite class of
nun, in exclusion of others, by confining the places of
election to particular districts, anel rendering it im-
prox tioablo for the citizens at largo to partake iu tho
cho'cc.'*—Hid, sec. 820.
Mr. Hamilton is equally emphatic in his mode
j! of disposing of the theory that would tolerate
j1 the interference of Congress in the regulation
i of elections in the States for State officers. In
| No. 51> of the Federalist he says:
i "Suppose an article had been introduced into the
Constitution, empowciinec the United States to regu-
late the election^- for the particular States, would any
man have hesitated to condemn it, both as an unwar-
rantable transposition ol power, and as a premedi-
tated engine lor the destruction of the State govern-
ments?"
In the next number of the Federalist, speaking
more at length on the subject of the propriety
of allowing Congress to regulate the times,
places, and manner of holding elections for
Representatives in Congress, and of the alleged
danger that Congress might so regulate them as
to favor certain classes in the States, he further
says :
"The truth is, that there is no method of securing
to the rich the preference apprehended, but> by pre-
scribing qualifications of property either ior those
who may elect or be elected. Bwt this forms no pari
