3488
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
ity. The principle, therefore, of negro suffrage
is as completely recognized and established as
if the enfranchisement was universal.
If I am not in error in supposing that every
community may rightfully exclude from polit-
ical authority all persons whose incorporation
in it would imperil its prosperity and security,
then I think it is plain that a large proportion
of the freedmen of this District should be ex-
cluded. Who are these freedmen? Whence
do tliey come ? What is their mental and moral
condition?
I do not pause on the fact that they are the
descendants of tribes who were savages of the
worst and lowest type not more than two cen-
turies ago, and that the progress of mankind
in civilization in all ages and under the most
favorable circumstances has been slow. But
I refer to the fact that these freedmen were
slaves less than four years ago, the descendants
of slaves, having all the servile habits and in-
stincts of the most inveterate slavery, coming
from States whose laws forbade their being
taught to read, not only the Constitution and
history of their country, but also the very ora-
cles of salvation; debased, degraded, as igno-
rant as it was possible to make them. Are
such beings as these the safe depositaries of
the political power of any community? I re-
peat the question, are the peace, order, pros-
perity, and perpetuity of a State sccurc in the
custody and administration of such citizens as
they would make ? Would you intrust to them
any private business or personal interest of
importance ? Surely not. How, then, can you
ask the people of the District of Columbia to
confide to such voters the welfare and safety
of its people? Recurring again to the funda-
mental maxim that all just government rests on
the consent of the governed, I inquire, what
is consent? It must be an intelligent consent.
It implies that the party consenting understands
and appreciates what lie consents to. Do these
poor creatures, I mean the majority of them,
know what suffrage is? Can they appreciate
the nature and importance of this high privi-
lege? Do they understand our laws and Con-
stitution, or the spirit of our laws and Consti-
tution, or the spirit and principles of civil and
political liberty? It is impossible. And yet
it is a received and incontrovertible maxim
that free institutions are safe only in the hands
of an intelligent people. You say they will
soon learn. Very well, sir; let them learn.
The amendment proposed imposes no such in-
hibition on them in that respect. Nay, if holds
out the strongest motive to mental culture and
improvement. And this is one of the advan-
tages of the restrictions imposed in the amend-
ment. It says to the freedmen, you shall vote
if you comply with a certain condition, and
that condition is only to acquire the funda-
mental qualification of a voter, namely, intel-
ligence sufficient to appreciate the right and
execute it safely and beneficially to the public.
Ought they, or any others, to have this great
right, on any other condition? Surely not.
There are, it seems to me, several advan-
tages in this process of gradual enfranchise-
ment. In the first place, it would avoid the
mischief of the sudden influx of so large a
number of incapable, ignorant, and irrespon-
sible voters into the District at once. In the
second placo, it would meet with less hostility
from the people. In the third place, if it suc-
ceeded, as I hope it will succeed, in demon-
strating the capacity of the negro to discharge
discreetly this high function of the citizen, it
would disarm public preconception and preju-
dice, and kindly and safely open the way for
the enfranchisement at no distant day of the
race here, elsewhere, and forever. And in the
fourth place, it would obviate the very serious
objection raised by the result of the late vote
taken in this city to ascertain the sense of the
people upon the question. It may be true,
sir, that said voto was taken without any law-
ful authority for it. Nevertheless, it did un-
questionably ascertain the fact that at least
seven eighths of the people of this District
are opposed to unlimited negro suffrage. It is
hardly a fair answer to say that Congress is
not responsible to the people of the District
and has unrestricted power over the subjcct.
I do not controvert the fact. But I do contro-
vert the moral right of Congress to legislate
for the people of the District in a manner
repugnant to the fundamental principles of
our American institutions. Who of us, in our
own State, would dare to impose a law upon
the people known to be contrary to the will of
a clearly ascertained majority of them ? Shall
I be answered that we are to reflect the will
of the whole American people? Then, I ask,
what is the will of the American people in this
behalf? Let the fact that the fundamental laws
of three 'fourths of the States expressly pro-
hibit the right of suffrage for the negro alto-
gether answer.
And now, Mr. President, T have to say that
the late constitutional amendment abolishing
slavery in this country did no more than carry
into effect the teachings and principles of the
great founders of the Republic. Mr. Madi-
son objected to the incorporation of the word
"slavery" into the Constitution, because he
said he hoped the day would come when there
would be no slavery, and he did not wish to
leave in an instrument so important anything
which would remind posterity that there had
ever been any slavery in this country. Eman-
cipation, therefore, was no new conception.
In accomplishing it we did only realize the
ardent hopes of the great men who established
our Government and ordained its fundamental
law.
So, too, Mr. President, I may say that by
conferring the right of suffrage on the quali-
fied freedman we shall likewise be acting in
conformity with the precepts and example of
the same illustrious founders of the nation.
In the case already referred to of Dred Scott
vs. Sanford, the same eminent judge already
quoted declared that—
"At the time of tho ratification of the Articles of
Confederation all native, free-born inhabitants of
the States of New Hampshire, Massachusetts, New
York, New Jersey, and North Carolina, though de-
scended from African slaves, were not only citizens
of those States, but such of them as had the other
necessary qualifications possessed the franchise of
electors on equal terms with other citizens."
And wo have the authority of Judge Gaston,
as may be seen by reference to his opinion in
the case of the Staters. Manuel, that in North
Carolina these free negroes " claimed and
exercised the franchise-' until about the year
183 j, when the constitution of the State was
amended.
In Pennsylvania, the constitution of 1790
guarantied the right of suffrage to " every free-
man over the age of twenty-one years." And
if I am not misinformed the free negro of that
State continued to voto until the year 1838.
In Maryland, too, I believe, free negroes
voted until 1809, and perhaps still later.
Maryland had provided, August 4, 1776, that—
"All freemen above twenty-one years of age hav-
ing a freehold of fifty acres of land in the county in
which they oiler to vote, andresidmgtherein; and all
freemen having property in this State above the
value of thirty pounds current money, and having
resided in the.county in which they offer to vote, shall
have a right of suffrage in tho election of delegates
for such county."
On referring to the declaration of rights and
fundamental rules of Delaware, made Septem-
ber '20, 1776, I find the following provision :
"That tho right in the people to participate in the
Legislature is the foundation of liberty and of all
free governments; andforthis end all elections ought
to be free and frequent; and every tree man having
sufficient evidence of a permanent common interest
with and attachment to the community, has a right
of suffrage."
New York, in 1777, adopted the following
constitutional provision:
"That every male inhabitant, of full age, who shall
have personally resided in one of the counties in this
State for six months immediately preceding the day
ofciection shall, at such election, he entitled to vote
for representatives of said county in Assembly; if,
during the time aforesaid, he shall have been a free-
holder, possessing a freehold of the value of twenty
pounds within the said county, or have rented a ten-
ement therein of tho yearly value of forty shillings,
and have voted and actually paid taxes to this State."
(See constitution of Now York, articlo 2, Revised
Statutes, vol. 1. p. 126.)
New Hampshire :
" Every male inhabitant of each town and parish
with town privileges in the several counties in this
State, of twenty-one years of ago and upwards, pay-
ing for himself a poll tax, shall have a right, at the
annual or other meetings of the inhabitants of said
towns a.nd parishes, to be duly warned and holden
annually forever in the month of March, to vote in
the town or parish wherein he dwells for senators in
tho county or district whereof he is a member."
Connecticut:
"The qualifications requisite to entitle a person to
vote in election of the officers of government are
maturity of years, quiet and peaceable behavior, a
civil conversation, and forty shillings freehold, or
forty pounds personal estate."
New Jersey:
" That all tho inhabitants of this colony, of full age,
who are worth fifty pounds proclamation money,
clear estate in the same, and havo resided in the
county in which they claim a vote for twelve months
immediately preceding the election, shall be entitled
to vote for representatives in Council and Assembly,
and also for all other public officers that shall be
elected by the people of tho county at large." (July
2,1770.)
Pennsylvania, September 28, 1776 :
" Every freeman of full age of twenty-one years,
having resided in this State for the spaco of one whole
year next before the day of election for representa-
tives, and paid public taxes during that time, shall
enjoy the right of an elector."
North Carolina, December 18, 1776:
"That all freemen of the age of twenty-one years,
who have been inhabitants of any one county within
tho Stato twelve months immediately preceding the
day of any election, and possessed of a freehold within
the same county of fifty acres of land for six months
next before, and at the day of election, shall be
entitled to vote for a member of the Senate.
" That all freemen of the age of twenty-one years,
who have been inhabitants of any county within the
State twelve months immediately preceding the day
of any election, and shall have paid public taxes,
shall be entitled to vote for members of the House
of Commons for tho county in which he resides."
I might furnish other proofs of the political
enfranchisement of the negro in the earlier
days of our history; so that it is true, as I
have already stated, that in granting the right
of suffrage to the negro now in this District,
we are following the precedents of the earlier
if not better days of the Republic.
Still, Mr. President, we are warned by Sen-
ators of the dangers of introducing different
races into the enjoyment of equal political
franchises under the same Government. We
are told that a conflict between them will in-
evitably ensue. We are admonished that we
are the superior race, and the negro must go
down before us. I have not denied our supe-
riority—our superiority intellectually, numer-
ically, physically, morally—our immeasurable
superiority. What then have we to fear in a
conflict? It is the negro who must go down,
if either shall. In relation to predominance
of race, therefore, we run no risk. Sir, in my
opinion, the question is reduced either to the
ballot or to banishment, either to enfranchise-
ment, colonization, or slavery; or if to none
of these, then to violent extermination, or to
still greater demoralization and gradual ex-
tinction.
Sir, the races may not be homogeneous. I
have already repeatedly admitted the force of
the argument based upon this fact. But has
it never occurred to Senators that the exist-
ence of the negro among us, in the condition
he will occupy deprived of the elective fran-
chise, will render the organization of society
still more heterogeneous? According to my
conception of the spirit and principles of our
institutions, such a relation to the State is ut-
terly illogical and irreconcilable. To be en-
tirely a slave or entirely a citizen is plainly
comprehensible. But the hybrid, purgatorial
condition, midway between these extremes,
involving all the obligations, burdens, and
duties, and especially the capabilities of citi-
zenship, and yet excluding the right of suf-
frage, is a solecism in government. Such a
posture of affairs, instead of tending to the
conciliation of harmony and peace, would, it
seems to me, be the source of inevitable rup-
ture and confusion.
Mr. President, the slavery of the African
race in this nation has been th^ cause of nearly
all the disco'rd which has disturbed the public
tranquillity. " The irrepressible conflict" has
