2478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 8,
amendment which I offer, it would be impos-
sible for any railroad company to take the
responsibility of transporting a bale of cotton.
Mr. MOR-RILL. I think the amendment
is right.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by strik-
ing out the word '' and'' in the twenty-seventh
line of the fifth section, and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "or."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next section was read, as follows:
SEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That upon arti-
cles manufactured exclusively from cotton, when
exported, there shall be allowed as a drawback an
amount equal to the internal tax which shall have
been assessed and paid upon such articles in their
finished condition, and in addition thereto a draw-
back or allowance of as many cents per pound upon
the pound of cotton cloth, yarn, or other articles
manufactured exclusively from cotton and exported,
as shall have been assessed and paid in the form of
an internal tax upon the raw cotton entering into
the manufacture of said cloth or other article, the
amount of such allowance or drawback to be ascer-
tained in such manner as may be prescribed by the
Commissioner of Internal Revenue, under the direc-
tion ol the Secretary of the Treasury; and so much
of section ono hundred and seventy-one of the act
of June 30, 186-1, to provide internal revenueto sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the pub-
lic debt, and for other purposes, as now provides
for a drawback on manufactured cotton, is hereby
repealed.
Mr. LYNCH. I move to amend by striking
out, in the second line of this section, the words
"when exported;" and also the words "and
exported," in the eighth line.
Mr. Chairman, as has been said by one gen-
tleman, a member of the Committee of Ways
and Means, the consumer of the cotton goods
must finally pay this tax as provided by the
bill. The effect of my amendment will be to
relieve the consumer from this tax, and place
it only upon such portions of the crop as is
exported. It will accomplish what the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevess] seeks
to accomplish by a constitutional amendment,
the success of which is, I think, very doubtful.
This bill is presented as one designed to
reduce the taxes of the people; yet it is pro-
posed to put a tax of five cents per pound on
cotton goods, which are consumed mainly by
the poorer classes of the people. The wealthy
people use silks, linens, &c., while the poor
use more of the cotton goods. If this amend-
ment be adopted, the consumers of cotton
goods in this country will be relieved of the
tax, while it will be placed on the exported
cotton. I presume this will satisfy those per-
sons who go for an export tax upon cotton,
and also that class of gentlemen here who are
in favor of reducing the tax; for it will reduce
the tax to just the amountof the drawback upon
the amount manufactured in the United States.
You raise revenue simply on the amount ex-
'ported. As to the amount consumed in this
country, the tax upon it would be paid finally
by the consumer here.
Mr. MOOIiHEAl). The gentleman's prop-
osition would amount to a tax on exports.
Mr. LYNCH. Certainly it would.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Can you do that con-
stitutionally ?
Mr. LYNCH. I suppose no one will doubt
the constitutional power to collect the tax in
the first place; and I think there can be no
doubt that the Government has the right to
remit this tax by way of drawback.
It seems to me we ought not to put this heavy
tax_ upon the poorer class of the community,
while we arc reducing the taxes generally in
this bill.
Mr. MORRILL. I am somewhat surprised
at the motion of the gentleman from Maine.
Although he has always said he was in favor
of the tax, yet in his motion he is in favor of
refunding the tax we are proposing to levy.
Mr. LYNCH. I will say that I intended to
propose an increased tax of ten cents per
pound, and then to have given this drawback.
But I did not get an opportunity to offer that
amendment.
Mr. MORRILL. The gentleman not hav-
ing had an opportunity to offer that will see
that he ought not to- have offered this. Of
course we understand on whatever we consume
or manufacture of this cotton we pay a tax;
but the object is to get not only a tax upon
that used by ourselves, but on what is con-
sumed and purchased by others.
There is another objection._ We have been
desirous to avoid all constitutional scruples as
to levying this tax. If we levy it upon our own
people they have to pay the precise tax paid
by those abroad. We obviate all objection on
the ground that this, is an export duty in dis-
guise.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to make
the drawback six cents.
The CHAIRMAN. That is not germane to
the pending amendment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I move to strike,
out the words "when exported."
I understand the effect of this proposition to
give this drawback in favor of manufactured
goods which are exported is to give a premium
to the manufacturers of cotton goods. It holds
out an inducement to manufacture cotton goods
for exportation, and will of course increase the
manufacture of cotton goods in this country to
some extent.
If they can make four cents by exporting it,
or whatever the amount may be, it is to that
extent a discrimination in favor of the manu-
facturer sending his goods to a foreign market.
Or he will charge that on the consumers at
home. With the heavy tax upon cotton it will
not be exported at all. It will amount to fifty
per cent, of its cost. The manufacture of cot-
ton goods will then be done almost entirely in
this country, because it .will be done fifty per
cent, cheaper in this country than in England.
It will be sufficient to put it into manufactured
goods before exported. These cunning gen-
tlemen will manufacture every bale into goods
and get the drawback.
With the increased price who gets the money?
The manufacturer. He takes the cotton bales
and turns them into cotton padding or any-
thing else he pleases. That is the effect of
this bill. We will get no revenue. As soon
as they get the spindles at work they will turn
them into rope or something else for exporta-
tion.
The principle upon which the revenue law
is passed is violated by this provision. We
tax that article which enters into the consump-
tion of every man, woman, and child, white
or black, in the country, and especially the
largest portion is used by the poorer classes.
The tax is heaviest upon those who wear coarse
cotton goods. They must pay this tax, and
they almost exclusively, as has been said by
the gentleman from Maine, although those who
have the means of paying these taxes are by
these means exempted. The tax will ulti-
mately be extracted from the toiling millions
of the country.
I protest against indirect taxation of the
absolute necessaries of life. My constituents
are clothed almost exclusively in cotton goods.
They use some woolens but mostly cotton
goods. They sleep on cotton, they walk in
cotton, and no matter what the price of corn
is they must pay the tax. I am opposed to it.
I am opposed to anything like these drawbacks
on cotton goods. If manufacturers turn this
cotton into the manufactured article let it go
to foreign countries without drawback. By
making a discrimination between cotton goods
and the raw cotton you do violate the principles
referred to.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. PAINE. I rise to ask the gentleman
from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] a single ques-
tion. He stated that he was in favor of im-
posing a tax on cotton manufactured in the
United States and consumed in the^ United
States so that a tax might also be imposed
upon cotton exported to foreign countries.
Mr. MORRILL. Uponraw cotton exported.
Mr. PAINE. I understand him now as in
favor of imposing a tax on manufactured cot-
ton made in the United States so that he may
be able to impose a tax upon raw cotton ex-
ported to foreign countries. Now, it seems to
me that all constitutional objections to the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Maine [Mr. Lynch] could be obviated if the
gentleman from Vermont would state, as I
understood him to state, that he is in favor of
imposing a tax on cotton manufactured in the
United States and consumed in the United
States, in order to be able to impose such a
tax on cotton manufactured in the United States
and consumed abroad. If that ■should be done,
then if a drawback is allowed on cotton ex-
ported to foreign countries manufactured in
the United States, it might with equal propri-
ety be allowed on cotton manufactured in the
United States and consumed at home. Because,
if no discrimination is made in cotton manu-
factured and consumed here and against cotton
manufactured here and consumed abroad, there
can be no evasion of the constitutional provis-
ion. And it seems to me if we can, without
invading the constitutional provision, do some-
thing for the poor men of the country who
consume cotton manufactured liere we ought
to do it.
Now, it is true, as the gentleman from Illi-
nois [Mr. Harding] has said, that most of the
consumers of cotton in this country are poor
men. They do not wear silks and broadcloths
as do the rich; and if a tax is imposed upon
cotton manufactured in this country and con-
sumed here, it must ultimately be paid by
those who are least able to bear it.
I am in favor of fostering the manufacture
of cotton. I shall vote for protection here
whenever the opportunity shall offer. But I
cannot see why we should take this mode of
fostering domestic manufacture, whether in
cotton or anything else, by a discrimination in
favor of the purchaser in a foreign market and
against the purchaser in our own market; in
favor of the foreign consumer and against the
home consumer.
I am in favor of the proposition of the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevexs,]
and I desire, as he does, to foster domestic man-
ufactures: but I do not wish to do it at the
expense of home consumers and for the bene-
fit of foreign consumers. I would do it in such
a way that the poor people of this country who
consume cotton goods mainly may not have
this heavy burden to bear.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is exhausted on
this amendment.
Mr. HARDING, of Illinois. I withdraw it.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to strike out the
word "exported." I believe it is there some-
where.
I agree with the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] if you could fairly reach what he is at;
that is, if he would make it ten cents, and then
withdraw the home duty so as to leave it on
the exported article, it would come to just
what I propose in my constitutional amend-
ment which I sent to the committee the other
day. I think there never was a grander time
in the world for the manufacturing of all the
cotton for the world wherever civilized man
exists. An export duty of ten cents on cotton
would giv« to your home manufactures the
markets of the world. That is the true way to
protect home industry and to wrest from for-
eigners a revenue which shall pay off your
national debt. That is what ought- to be done.
I suggest to the gentleman from Maine [Mr.
Lynch] that I would go for an amendment of
ten cents provided it was not liable to the
objection, as a gentleman here suggests, of
chasing the old fellow around the stump ; for
it is whipping the devil around the stump there
is no mistake. [Laughter.]
Mr. LYNCH.' No matter, if you can only
hit him. [Laughter. 1
Mr. STEVENS. Now, as to (be effect which
the gentleman from Illinois [Mr. Harding]
speaks of, I should be glad if this measure did
have that effect, if it did induce our people to
manufacture every dollar's worth of the cotton
we raise, and send it abroad in a manufactured
shape. I should be glad if our institutions and
laws were so framed that in Illinois there would
be hundreds of thousands of spindles; that the
