1518
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
issue American registers to the steam vessels
Michigan and Dispatch and W. K. Mnir."
international ocean telegraph.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill (S. No. 20) granting to the
International Ocean Telegraphic Company the
right and privilege to establish telegraphic com-
munication between the city of New York and
the West India islands.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. This bill
•was recommitted to the Committee on Public
Lands, and they have reported it with an amend-
ment in the nature of a substitute. The sub-
stitute only will be read, unless some Senator
shall call for the reading of the original bill.
The Secretary read the amendment, which
■was to strike out all of the original bill and to
insert in lieu thereof the following:
"Whereas {Fairies A. Scrymser, Alfred Pell, jr., Alex-
ander Hamilton,jr. .Oliver K.King, Maturin L. Dcla-
tield, "William F. Smith, and James M. Digges, their
associates, successors, and assigns, persons oomposing
the International Ocean Telegraph Company, an in-
corporated company chartered by the State of New
York, are desirous of establishing a line of subma-
rine telegraphic communication between the United
States of America and the "West India islands and
the Bahamas: Now, therefore, in order to facilitate
• the said enterprise,
Be it enacted. &c., That the said International
Ocean Telegraph Company, incorporated under the
laws of the State of New "iork, their successors and
assigns, shall have the sole privilege, for a period of
fourteen years, to lay, construct,land, maintain, and
operate telegraphic or magn etic lines or cables in and
over the waters reefs, islands, shores and lands over
which the United States have jurisdiction, from the
shores of the State of Florida, in the said United
States, to the island of Cuba and the Bahamas, either
or both, and other West Iudia islands.
Skc. 2. And be it further enacted, That the said In-
ternational Ocean Telegraph Company shall, at all
times during a state of war, give theX'nited States
the free u>*e of said cable or cables, to a telegraphic
operator of its own selection, to transmit any mes-
sages to andfromits military, naval, and diplomatic
agents: Provided, That the said International Ocean
Telegraph Company shall, within the period of five
years from the passage of this act, causo the said sub-
marine telegraphic cable or cablcs to bo laid down,
and that the said cable or cables shall be in success-
ful -operation for the transmission of messages within
the said period of five years; otherwise, this grant
to be null and void.
Sec. 3. Andbe it further enacted. That Congresc shall
have power, at any time, to alter or repeal the fore-
going act.
Mr. GrRIMES. I move to amend the amend-
ment in the sixth line of the first section by
inserting after the word "years" the words,
£' from the approval of this actso that it will
read:
Shall have the exclusive privilege for a period of
fourteen years from the approval of this act to lay,
Construct, See.
Mr. CHANDLER. I have no .objection to
that.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if this is the
same hill that we had up the other day on this
subject.
Mr. MORRILL. It is a substitute for the
same bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 do not wish to oppose
anything that comes from the Committee on
Commerce, but I dislike very much granting
this exclusive privilege for fourteen years over
all telegraph lines to South America and the
West India islands, which is perhaps the only
proper way for a telegraph to cross the ocean.
It is now seriously considered, and by some
supposed to be the best mode of conveying tele-
graphic communications by the French coast
and the continent of Europe, and then along a
series of islands including the Madeira islands
to the West India islands. I should be per-
fectly willing to give these gentlemen the privi-
lege of landing anywhere on the coast of Flor-
ida, and all the facilities that are necessary,
including the right to import their iron duty
free. I shall be perfectly willing to do that,
because tliey can do it by landing it at Cuba.
I am told thai a Spanish company have the sole
and exclusive power to land a cable in Cuba,
and we are now about to grant the sole and
exclusive power to an American company to
land in America, The consequence will be that
unless these two companies can agree no line
will be built. As was stated here the other day
when the bill was under consideration before,
the two countries may thus tie up the hands of
their people from building a line of telegraph
between South America and the United States,
unless it should be conveyed around through
Mexico, an impossible condition. It seems to
me that the word "sole," 'which is the only
objectionable features in the bill, ought to be
stricken out. I cannot see, and have not yet
heard, any good reason why it should be re-
tained.
If this company build their line and are in
successful operation, it is not likely that any-
body else will attempt to build one. If it should
be a very profitable company, making extrava-
gant and exorbitant charges, it may be proper
to invite competition. There is no limitation
in the bill as to the pricc. They may charge
without limitation the citizens of the United
States for the transmission of ordinary mes-
sages, and I believe there is no limitation as to
the price of messages for the Government.
It seems to me we ought not to grant a priv-
ilege of this kind. I do not wish to put my
opinion against the opinion of the committee
who have examined the subject. T conversed
with some gentlemen who were engaged in the
enterprise, and they gave me no good reason
why they could not go on with the ordinary
privilege granted to them to land on our shores
without giving them the exclusive privilege.
The only pretense of a reason they gave was,
that as the Spanish company had exclusive
privilege to land at Cuba, therefore they must
have the exclusive privilege to land at this
country in order to negotiate with them. It
was not a satisfactory reason to me.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Move to strike out the
word " sole."'
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to hear
whether there are any good reasons for retain-
ing it.
Mr. CHANDLER. These telegraphic cables
are laid at great expense and at great risk. No
attempt has ever yet been made to lay a subma-
rine telegraphic cable to any of the West India
islands. Some security must be given or some
inducement held out to capitalists to invest
their money in this hazardous and expensive
undertaking. Wedonotknowwhethertheeable
will stand upon the Florida coral reefs a week,
a month, a year, or ten years. It maybe cut the
very day it is laid. Unless you offer some in-
ducement to capitalists to invest their money
in this undertaking they will not do it. If a
company should go on and experiment for two
or three years and expend four or five hundred
thousand dollars, and finally arrive at some
point where their undertaking was a success,
others will take the advantage of their experi-
ence and of their losses (if you do not give
them some security) and will lay a cable right
beside theirs, which of course would destroy
them.
Sir, it has been the policy of every Govern-
ment on earth except this to extend facilities
to its commerce. England has lines of steam-
ships, subsidized by her Government, surround-
ing the earth; and she has almost surrounded
the earth with telegraphic wires. Where she
could not by subsidizing lines (and she has sub-
sidized them to an enormous extent) induce
capitalists to take hold and build them, she has
laid them at the expense of her treasury; and
by this system of quick, rapid, and sure com-
munication she to-day commands the trade of
the world. She has come upon this continent
and actually monopolized the trade of this con-
tinent by her subsidized steamship lines and
by her regular communications. You will find
a British line of mail steamships sailing once a
fortnight touching at every one of the West
India islands and touching at every port on the
South American coast on this side and on the
other.
Mr. WILSON. Carrying our ministers.
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir, carrying our
ministers; our ministers to-day are compelled,
in order to reach their destination, to ride upon
subsidized British ships because we have no
regular lines.
Now, sir, I am willing not only to use the
word "sole" in giving privileges to this line,
but to pay a subsidy of §25,Out) a year for four-
teen years to secure the benefits commercially
that will accrue to this nation from the laying
of this wire. We must get over the narrow
spirit that has controlled the action of the Con-
gress of the United States during the last fif-
teen years in regard to our commercial rela-
tions. We must not be afraid that somebody
will make a dollar or two by investing immense
amounts of capital for the benefit of our com-
merce. If we propose to take our position
among the commercial nations of the earth, we
must use the same means that they employ to
secure their commercial relations. It will not
do for us to sit here and say that somebody
may make a little money by this, when millions
and tens of millions of dollars will be rolling
annually into our Treasury from the commerce
we shall thus draw to our shores. During the
last fifteen years it is wp14known that the man-
agement of our commercial relations has not
been in the hands of commercial men. They
have been controlled by men who were opposed
to the commerce of this nation. During the
past four years, if I could get half an hour of
the time of the Senate for the consideration
and passage of any bill from the Committee on
Commerce, I thanked God for it, because the
Senator from Maine with his financial bills,
and the Senator from Iowa with his Navy bills,
and the Senator from Massachusetts with his
Army bills, crowded me out, and commerce
was thrown aside. Now, 1 propose to crowd
them out, and have something to say about the
commercial relations of this great nation. I
propose now, as we are at peace with all the
world, that we take care of our commerce, and
that we prepare to compete, not only with
Great Britain but with the rest of the world,
for the commercial supremacy of the world.
Mr. President, I hope this bill will pass. It
is so plain, so self-evident a necessity, the ben-
efits of it are so tremendous, that I cannot think
there is a man in this body who will vote against
it. I do not believe there is a man who will vote
against it. If there is, I want to hear him so vote.
That is all.
Mr. SHERMAN. I am very glad on this
sleepy day to have waked up my honorable
friend from Michigan to a little zeal in the in-
terests of commerce; but I suppose that com-
merce ought to be always free, and here he
proposes to grant a monopoly to affect the com-
merce of this country with South America, with
the West India islands, with Panama, and all
the regions south, and place it in the hands of
an exclusive company. I believe we have
enough trouble now growing out of exclusive
monopolies; and I supposed one of the sub-
jects the Senator from Michigan was so anx-
ious about when he asked us to allow him this
day for bills reported by his committee was an
exclusive monopoly in railroad grants between
this city and the city of New York. I desire
to avoid all monopolies. The other day, having
occasion to go to New York, I felt the incon-
venience of that monopoly. I believe that the
Government of the United States ought to see
to it that commerce between the States and
commerce between the nations is free, and
ought to encourage our commercial relations
with all nations; but it seems to me that the
way to do that is not to grant to incorporated
companies exclusive privileges. I have no
doubt that within twenty years from this time
there will be twenty telegraph lines between
this country and Havana.
The system of telegraphic communication is
but in its infancy. Suppose three or four years
ago, when it seemed to be an improbable thing
that a wire would bo stretched across this con-
tinent to San Francisco, we had then granted
an exclusive monopoly for ten years to the
Pacific Company. We grant them now abounty
of $40,000 a year, when that stock is among
