1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
151$
.the most profitable known in this country. We
gave them money when it was not necessary to
give them money. If we had simply allowed
them the right of way over our territory, they
would have made a very large fortune; and
now new lines are being constructed without
bounty,_ and I have no doubt-that before ten
years from the passage of the original act
authorizing the telegraph line to California,
there will be twenty wires stretched between
this and San Francisco.
Mr. BROWN'. I beg leave to correct the
Senator on one point: he says he has no doubt
there will be twenty wires to the Pacific. That
would be the case if there were no monopoly;
but as it now stands the whole telegraphic sys-
tem of the United Stales is consolidated into
one giant monopoly, and they will never have
but one, and they will charge what they please.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true : but I hap-
pen to know that there are new companies
organizing with a view to compete with this
monopoly. I. heartily sympathize with the
Senator from Missouri in trying to breakdown
the self associated and self-constituted monop-
oly now of the tclcgrft-ph companies.
Here you make a legal monopoly, not merely
a monopoly growing out of the association of
capital combining together to construct lines,
driving away all competition, breaking down
new Hues—a self-associated monopoly—but
here we organize by law a monopoly for four-
teen years, which has Ihe exclusive power over
the chain of communication that may be as
important to our foreign commerce as the line
between here and San Francisco is to our
internal commerce.
Now, to say that this will cost something,
and that these men will^pot invest their money
in the project unless we give them this exclu-
sive monopoly, it seems to me, is an imputa-
tion upon the enterprise and energy of the
American people. There are but one hundred
miles of water communication, if [ understand
the distances, between the capes of Florida and
the nearest point on the island of Cuba. The
cable need not be over one hundred miles long.
Telegraphic communication would rapidly be
opened up to Florida. Here is an exclusive
monopoly, not merely from a particular point
in Florida, but from the whole coast of Flor-
ida, some two or three hundred miles long,
so that no other telegraph cable can touch the
American shore connecting with the West India
islands, or with South America, without the
consent of this company, a private company
organized by the State of New York.
What reason is given for this? None what-
ever, except that the Queen of Spain, probably
for an enormous bounty paid to her or the Gov-
ernment of Spain, has granted a similar mo-
nopoly so far as the island of Cuba is concerned.
That is the only pretense and the only reason
given why wo should grant an exclusive mo-
nopoly to this company. As a matter of course
if these persons without this special grant lay
their cable successfully, they will substantially
have a monopoly for a time, because new en-
terprises will not desire to compete with them ;
but when the time comes that new lines are
required, the competition ought to be free and
open ; and there is 110 more reason now for
granting an exclusive monopoly to this com-
pany than there was in granting an exclusive
monopoly to the Pacific Telegraph Company
when that line was first built.
I trust, therefore, that we may give to this
company ample facilities to build the line ; I
am perfectly willing to go beyond what the bill,
as 1 understand, does now in that respect, and
to give them the right to import their wire free
of duty, simply because I am told the wire used
for submarine telegraph cables is not yet made
in this country and cannot lie made here. I
am willing to facilitate the building of the tele-
graph line; but T do not think we ought to tie
up our hands for fourteen years and prevent
the Government of the United States, if neces-
sary, from building a similar line, or any other
citizen from doing it, or preventing the State
of Florida from doing it.
There is another very serious question. Flor-
ida is a State or will be a State in the Union
at bome time. For fourteen* years it is not
expected that Florida will be kept in its pres-
ent condition. No one anticipates such a
result. Have we the power to give aa exclu-
sive right to this company to land on the coast
of Florida ? What right have we to withdraw
the whole of that State from the jurisdiction of
the State authorities? What will prevent the
State of Florida from authorizing the construc-
tion of lines there ? Is not this the invitation
of a legal controversy to grow out of this matter ?
Does not the United States here assume to
give a private company in the State of New
York a power which perhaps only the State
of Florida can cxercise? Senators may say
that that is a e^estion for the courts; but here
is an attempt to exercise power of this kind
and to tie up the industry and commerce and
enterprise of our people for a long time.
The more I think of it, the more I reflect
upon it, the more I am convinced that we
ought not to make this privilege exclusive.
Let us give a liberal grant to the company so
| as to induce them to construct? this line; give
| such reasonable facilities as are necessary.
I The Senator from Iowa says they do not need
j it. I heard as a matter of news—I will not
vouch for this—that the company who obtained
the Spanish grant paid a very large sum of
money for it; that is, they regarded the priv-
ilege as extremely valuable; and I have no
doubt if we grant this exclusive privilege to
this company, the exclusive privileges granted
by the two nations to the two companies will
be worth—I do not know how much money—
perhaps SI,000,000.
it is said we ought not to object to such com-
panies making money. I do not. I like to
sec them make money ; it induces enterprise
and energy : but 1 do not want to see them
make money at the expense of the whole peo-
ple of the United States, i do not want them
to control and hold all the avenues of commu-
nication between this country and South Amer-
ica and the West India islands and Panama.
Our commerce with the Pacific flows around
on the very line they propose to take. Nearly
all of it comes by Panama. It will be years
before the Pacific railroad is constructed, and
in the mean time the Panama railroad and our
communications by way of the isthmuses will
be our chief means 'of communication with
California. The necessity of communicating
with our commerce in all the southern seas,
very much enlarged and increased by the neces-
sity of going around by Panama for our Cali-
fornia trade, will make this line extremely
valuable. The diflieulties in the way of its
construction are not so serious as should in-
duce us to give any such privileges. There
are only one hundred miles of sea to be trav-
ersed by a submarine cable, and there are
works of that kind already constructed. I
think in Asia they have one across the Black
sea. I am not now fully informed as to the
submarine cables that have been laid, but I
think one of them is laid for over three hun-
dred miles.
Mr. BROWN". There are a half dozen in
the Mediterranean, I think.
Mr. SHERMAN. I think there is one either
in the Mediterranean or the Black sea that is
over three hundred and fifty miles long, and
has been an entire success. If that is so, there
is no necessity for granting these liberal in-
ducements here. I trust as the matter has been
discussed, that we may just give these gentle-
men the ordinary privileges, all the power we
can give them, and then let the matter be open
for future competition.
Mr. CHANDLER. This constitutional ob-
jection which is suggested seems to me to be
very puerile. The Constitution confers on Con-
gress power "to regulate commerce with for-
eign nations, and among the several States and
with the Indian tribes.'' I should like to know
how we can better exercise the power to regulate
commerce than by regulating our telegraphic
lines with foreign nations. Certainly, if that
clause does not give us fall power to exercise
this right, it has not any place in the book; it
ought not to have been put in the Constitution.
The Senator from Ohio says thattrade should
be free, and he is opposed to. monopolies; so
am I. I am opposed to patent monopolies and
every other kind of monopoly; but we drew
this bill in exact accordance with your rule in
granting patents. If a man invents a wash-tub
you give him a monopoly of it for fourteen
years.
Mr. SHERMAN. These people'do not in-
vent anything.
Mr. CHANDLER. They first conceived the
idea of laying this cable, and are willing to put
their money into it, and you must offer them
some inducement to do it. We have been wait-
ing twenty-one years; it is more than twenty-
one years since the first wire was laid; and no-
body ever proposed to lay a wire to the island
of Cuba, and to the West India islands until
these parties came forward and made the prop-
osition. I must say that I was surprised they
did not do as others have done, ask a subsidy
in addition to the right and the exclusive right.
The Senator spoke of the line to California,
and says we granted it $40,000 a year. Yes,
sir, and we promised to pay $70,000 per an-
num to the Ocean 'Telegraph Company if its line
was a success between Ireland and Newfound-
land ; and if that were to become a succcss to-
day we should pay $70,000; and the promise
of this nation and of Great Britain to subsidize
that line has induced them to squander some
four or five million dollars, more or less, and
I do not know but that I should say " pounds
sterling" instead of" millions of dollars" in an
experiment to lay a line across the Atlantic.
Here a company comes and offers to build a
lino for you without money and without price,
and all they ask is the benefit of their own en-
terprise and the enjoyment of it so long as you
grant an exclusive monopoly for a wash-tub,
and you say, "Wewillnotgrant.it." We have
drawn this bill so as to grant these privileges
for fourteen years; why? Because you give the
inventor of a wash-tub the enjoyment of his in-
vention for fourteen years, and we did not sup-
pose any man on this floor would object to a
grant for fourteen years. This is the invention
of these parties substantially; they were the
first men to conceive the idea of laying this
line ; they wore the first men who saw the com-
mercial importance and perhaps the money re-
turns of it. I hope they will have rich returns
if this line be laid. They first asked us to give
them a grant for fifty years. That the Com-
mittee on Commerce refused to do, but they
did recommend that they should have twenty-
five years. Objection was made to twenty-five
years, and now we propose to make it fourteen
years—the same time that you give for the
exclusive enjoyment by the patentee of every
patent that is issued from your Patent Office ;
and you say strike out " sole;" in other words,
"We will give you nothing."
Mr. President, I hope the Senate will not
take the same view that the Senator from Ohio
does; I hope that the Senate will appreciate
the commercial importance of having this wire
laid. Although the parties who constructed
the California lino may make money, was it not
for the interest of this Government to pay them
$40,000 a year rather than not have that line
laid; and how do you know it would have been
laid until to-day if you had not by your subsidy
inaugurated the first success? How long would
it have been before your Pacific railroad would
be built if you had not subsidized a road to
build the first line ? How long will it be before
this wire will be laid if you do not grant some
protection to the men who lay it? Sir, you
will not see this wire laid in half a century if
you do not grant some protection or some sub-
sidy to the parties who lay the first line. After
it is a success, after, as in the case of the Eng-
lish wire across the Atlantic, millions upon
millions of pounds sterling have been sunk and
they have learned how to lay a wire, then per-
haps some other company will come in and the
wire will prove a success. In the case of the
