1866.
judgment. They will take counsel of their pre-
judices and of theirbetter knowledge of the true
character of the negro and his fitness or unfit-
ness for the exercise of suffrage. The greatest
social and political problem of this age cannot
be solved by the application of this kiiid of force
or penalties.
But again, it was suggested by the honorable
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Schexck] that this
provision ought to have gone further and abol-
ished the present system of direct taxes, and
that that should have been done in the interest
of this same sort of love for equality in the ad-
justment of the operations of our Government.
Why not do it? Why retain in the Constitution
this provision which, upon its very face, is a
most palpable and direct violation of every prin-
ciple of equality, both in the representation here
and in the distribution of the burdens of the
Government upon the people of the several
States ? The abolition of slavery has made this
change practicable by removing the chief foun-
dation upon which it rested.
Representation and direct taxes are now
required to be distributed among the different
States upon what is called the rule of appor-
tionment. What does that mean? It means that
taxes on land shall be imposed by the Federal
Government, not according to the value of the
thing taxed, but according to the number of peo-
ple in the State. What do we mean by direct
taxes? We mean cavitation taxes and taxes
upon land. Now, why is it right to impose upon
a poor State, whose population may be great, a
tax equal to that imposed upon a wealthy State
whose population is relatively much less? Mas-
sachusetts, for instance, with her wealthy peo-
ple and her land worth $100 or $200 or $800
per acre, is constantly transporting her surplus
population, but augmenting her relative wealth.
Now, I ask, why not abolish this singularly
arbitrary mode of distributing the burdens of
taxation ? Why not abolish this provision alto-
gether, and provide that direct taxes shall be
assessed upon the principle of actual value, and
let the acre in Kentucky pay taxes in propor-
tion to its value as compared with thg value of
an acre owned in Rhode Island or Massachu-
setts ? That, would be equality. But as it is, the
burdens of this Government rest most heavily
upon the poorest States; most heavily upon the
agricultural States, upon the land of the country,
simply because they are not apportioned ac-
cording to the actual value of the land, the actual
wealth of the people, but according to the acci-
dental numbers of the people of the several
States. Governments arc not formed and main-
tained alone for the protection of persons, but
also of property. And persons and property
should contribute to pay the burdens of the
country mainly upon the basis of the act ual value
of the property owned. Is it equality to impose
a capitation tax of five dollars per head on the
poor negroes of the South, and only the same
on the wealthy citizens of our richest commu-
nities ? y et the present Constitution requires
substantially such disparity, and this amend-
ment proposes to continue that state of things.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I do think that while we
should all approve this general principle of
equality when it is properly applied, and when
it is attempted to be extended in a spirit of
fairness, a spirit of nationality, a spirit of equal
justice to all men, I insist that here there is an
attempt to extend it in but one direction, and
that which will ultimate in increasing the po-
litical power and the sectional supremacy of a
party and a geographical portion of this coun-
try in the management of Federal affairs. I
am therefore opposed to this amendment, and
I shall always oppose all such amendments.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I have treated somewhat
at length the question of the right of Congress
to legislate upon or control the subject of suf-
frage in the several States. I have also referred
very briefly—too briefly to do justice to my own
convictions or those of gentlemen on this side !
of the House—to the other and the main ques-
tion now before us for consideration. 1 desire,
however, to say, in this connection, that, in
the discharge of my duties here, I have no de-
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
4Sf
sire to raise or carry on or countenance in any
manner whatever anywar of injustice upon any
class of my countrymen. I look upon this
! Government, its laws, its Constitution, and its
flag as designed for the protection and benefit
of all the people of the country alike; and I
care not whether they be black or white. I do
not imagine that this Government was instituted
for me and my children alone, but for every
human being who may find here an abiding
place.
I hold that every human being is entitled to
justice at the hands of the Government, and I
want to give justice to them. I want to give
it to the black man as well as to the white man.
1 would protect the negro in all his civil rights
as fully and amply as the white man, but I would
leave all political privileges to be enjoyed as
they now are; let us bring peace to the whole
country with complete restoration of the com-
ponent members to their appropriate places in
the Union in the spirit of nationality and liber-
ality; and afterward, when these matters arc
adjusted and settled, let us come to the consid-
eration of these questions connected with pro-
posed changes in our fundamental law or form
of our government.
Mr. RAYMOND obtained the floor.
Mi'. KASSON. I ask the gentleman to allow
me to make a few remarks in reply to what the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Kbi.ley]
said the other day in allusion to me. I do not
purpose to engage in any general discussion.
Mr. RAYMOND. As it is rather late, if
there be no objection I would prefer to make
my remarks on Monday.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly. ]
The SPEAKER. The Chair will give the !
floor this evening to the gentleman from Iowa, j
[Mr. KASSox,]and theu to the gentleman from
New Jersey, [Mr. Weight,] who desires to !
make some remarks on the pending bill. I
Mr. KASSON. Mr. Speaker, I do not de- i
sire to enter into a general discussion of this
proposed amendment. I think there is no oc-
casion to enter into that, so far at least as the
genera] interests which I seek now to protect
are eoneerned ; and 1 propose to confine my-
self to the reply to my remarks made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kei.i.ey,]
touching the powers now in the Constitution
without amendment. He introduced bis re-
marks the other day by the following declara-
tion :
"Having interrupted the gentleman to invite his
more particular attention to the language of Mr.
Madison, I promised the gentleman that I would \
produce further authority on the point, which I did I
not happen to have by meat the time; and I trespass
now for a brief moment upon the attention of the
House that 1 may make good that promise, and may
show that James Madison himself, on the Oth of Au-
gust, 1787. on the floor of the Convention that framed
the Constitution of the United States, carefully and
elaborately excluded t.he conclusion announced by
the gentfcman from Iowa, and vindicated the doctrine
which I presented to the (louse and maintain."
My own statement was as follows:
" It is evident that by the word ' manner' is meant !
something else; perhaps whether by ballot or viva i
roc", by general ticket or by separate districts, and all 1
other thing:, that come properly underthe term 'man-
ner.' But it evidently was never intended by Mr.
Madison, or by the framers of the Constitution, or by
the people when they adopted it, that the Legislatures
and conventions of the several .States might be de-
prived of the power to say who would be the qualified
electors of the State Legislatures, and indirectly, the
qualified electors of members of Congress.''
I made certain citations from Mr. Madison to j
which the gentleman now brings a reply con- |
tainingotherdeciarations of Mr. Madison; and 1
for that reply I desire especially to thank him, j
for it sustains the position I took as opposed to !
my friend's doctrine. I think that gentleman, i
and those who act with him in the proposed !
enterprise of depriving the States of their right ;
to designate the qualifications of electors within j
their own jurisdictions and for their own Legis- j
latures. should preface their speeches with this
quotation, cited, I believe, from Wordsworth,
advocating
" The good old rule, the simple plan,
That they should take who have the power,
And they should keep who can."
That seems to be the maxim of those who
give such a wide and indefinite construction to
the Constitution of the United States. Now,
sir, Mr. Madison, who is so highly commended
by my able friend, said in a letter to Edmund
Pendleton, which I find in the first volume of
his writings: -f
" If the Federal Government should lose its proper
equilibrium within itself, I am persuaded that the
efteet wilt proceed from the encroachments of the
legislative department. If the possibility of en-
croachments on the part of the Executiveor tho Sen-
ate were to be compared, I should pronounce the
clanger to lie rather in the latter than the former."
. Thus you find that Madison himself has can-
tioned us against the danger of encroachment
upon _ the equilibrium established by the Con-
stitution, that exists in the very body of Con-
gress itself.
Upon this point at issue between us the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Keli_ey,J who,
so far as I know, stands alone in this House in
his view of the Constitution, rests substantially
his whole argument upon that clause which he
quoted from Elliot's Debates, and which reads
as follows :
'.'Some States might regulate the elections on the
principles of equality, and others might regulate them
otherwise. This diversity would be obviously unjust.
Elections are regulated now unequally in some States,
particularly South Carolina, with respect to Charles-
ton, which has a representation ot thirty members.
Should the people of any State by any means be de-
prived of the right of suffrage, it was judged proper
that it should bo remedied by the General Govern-
ment.''
This you find stated as his opinion by the
compiler of the debates. But in condensing
from his notes, the last sentence is a non sequi-
tur. \ou get at the idea in the compiler's
mind, however, by observing the illustration of
the inequality in respect to Charleston. Charles-
ton, with ten thousand inhabitants, might be
authorized to elect one member of Congress,
while twenty counties, with one hundred thou-
sand inhabitants, might have the right to elect
only one member ; and it was proper that the
General Government should remedy such an
inequality. The Legislature of the State might
provide that the electors should all vote in
Charleston, or at any other point; or might
cast their votes in the county seat only of each,
county, creating great inconvenience, and prac-
tically nullifying their right to vote by its ex-
cessive inconvcnience. They could also regu-
late the vote, whether viva voce or by ballot,
&c. All these things relate to the manner of
holding elections. When I suggested, the other
day, that probably Madison meant such ques-
tions as voting viva voce, or by local or general
ticket, and other like things connected with
the '"manner of holding elections," the gentle-
man was disposed rather to ridieulc the idea,
and said he evidently meant the electoral right
itself. Now, he puts in Madison's mouth the
identical words I suggested as undoubtedly
within Madison's meaning. Now, let me show
that I stated it correctly.
'The following is the gentleman's own quota-
tion :
"It was impossible to foresee all the abuses that
might bo made of the discretionarypower. \Vhetiier
the electors should vote by ballot or viva voce, should
assemble at this place or that place, should be divided
into districts or all meet at one place, should all vote
for all the Representatives, or all in adistrictvote for a,
number allotted to thedistrict—these and many other
points would depend on the Legislatures, and might
materially affect the appointments."
What language could be more positive and
precise as to what Madison meant by the words
"manner of holding elections?" Nothing can
be stronger in support of the view I have taken
of his meaning, and of the Constitution, than
the very language cited by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Kelley.] It assumes that
electors are already provided for, for he says,
"whether the electors should vote;" not
"what electors should vote," or "what, qual-
ifications should exist." He shows that the
right of suffrage is one thing and the mode of
suff rage is another thing. Listen for a moment
to the language of Madison in the letter ad-
dressed to John Brown of Kentucky, in the
year 1785. found in the same volume:
1. "Whether is a representation according tonum-
bers, or property, or in a joint proportion to both, tuo
most cafe ? Or is a representation by couiities prefer-
