m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[December
Ho. oe Reps.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
39tii Cokg....1st Sess.
though checks at the most exposed points
have, doubtless, been put to such practices.
In this connection, it may bo remarked, that
the revenue cutters are diligently and usefully
employed in the preventive service, within cruis-
ing limits so denned as to leave no point of sea
and Gulf coasts unvisitedbyan adequate force.
A similar arrangement will be extended to
the lakes on the reopening of navigation, the
cutters built for that destination nothavingbeen
completed in time to be put in commission be-
fore its close.
The cutters are an important auxiliary to the
regular customs authorities, in the collection
and protection of the public revenue, by the
examination of incoming vessels and their man-
ifests of cargo; affording succor to vessels in
distress; aiding in the enforcement of the reg-
ulations of harbor police, and otherwise pre-
venting or detecting violations or evasions of
law. A service of this description is unques-
tionably useful, if not indispensable, to the ad-
ministration of the revenue system of a maritime
and commercial country with such extensive
sea, lake, and Gulf coasts as our own.
There are now in the service 27 steamers and
9 sailing vessels. Of the steamers, 7 are of the
average tonnage of 350 tons, and draw nine feet
of water. These large vessels were constructed
during the progress of the late rebellion, and
were designed for the combined purpose of a
naval force and a revenue coast-guard. Then-
heavy armaments, large tonnage, and crews,
however well fitted for such purposes, are not
' adapted for the revenue service in a time of
peace. In consequence of their great draft of
water, they must be used mainly as sea-going
vessels, and are incapable of navigating the
shallow waters of the coasts, and their tribu-
taries, which afford the most favorable oppor-
tunities for contraband trade. Independently
of these considerations, they are so constructed
as to be unable to carry a supply of fuel for
more than three, or possibly four days at the
farthest.
It is recommended, therefore, that this De-
partment be jested with authority to sell the
vessels of this description, and expend the
proceeds in the purchase of others of a differ-
ent character and lighter draft, and, on that
account, better fitted to accomplish the pur-
poses of a preventive service, and which can
be kept in commission at a cost more than one
third less than those of the former class.
For example, the difference in the cost of
running for twelve months the Mahoning, one
of the first-named class, and the Nansemond,
one of the latter class, is $27,606. The Ma-
honing, with twelve tons of coal per diem, can
make but eight knots per hour; while the
Nansemond, with eight tons of coal per diem,
will make twelve knots per hour. The Nanse-
mond, drawing but six feet nine inches, is en-
abled to cruise in waters entirely inaccessible
to the Mahoning.
To render the service effective and economi-
cal, cutters should be of light draft, manned by
a small crew, and able to navigate the shoal
waters and penetrate the inland bays, rivers,
and creeks, with which our sea, lake, and Gulf
coasts abound, but of sufficient tonnage to en-
able them to perform efficiently and safely the
duties of a coast-guard at sea, and to furnish
succor to vessels in distress; and at the same
time to navigate the interior waters for the
prevention of smuggling, and reach readily a
port of refuge in the tempestuous weather pre-
vailing at times along our coast, should they be
forced to do so.
The working of the marine hospital system,
as at present constituted, is not altogether sat-
isfactory. The erection and repair of "numer-
ous expensive buildings, and the support of the
establishments necessarily connected with their
operations, have entailed upon the Government
a yearly expense far beyond the amount con-
tributed by the seamen, which has been met by
large annual appropriations by Congress.
, The act of July lf>, 1798, by which the system
was creatcd, and the rate of contribution fixed
at twenty cents per month, confined the action
of the Government to the simple expenditure,
for the benefit of the seamen, of the amounts
thus contributed by themselves, and contem-
plated laying no burden on the public Treasury.
If it is deemed advisable to continue any system
of relief, under control of the Government, it
is respectfully suggested that the original intent
of the law should be carried into effect, and the
fund made self-sustaining. With this view, it
will be necessary to increase the fund, and to
make a material reduction in the expenses.
Experience has shown, and former Secretaries
have at various times and with entire unanim-
ity represented to Congress, that the system of
public marine hospitals, maintained and man-
aged by the Government, is the least econom-
ical method that has been devised for the ad-
ministration of this fund, and affords the least
comparative benefit to the seamen. The ex-
penses of these establishments are large, inde-
pendently of the number of seamen received in
them. When the patients are numerous, the
average rate of expense per man is not unrea-
sonable ;_ but where they are few, as at most of
the public institutions, the expense per capita
is very largely in excess of the cost of main-
taining them under contract at private, State,
or municipal institutions, where they would be
better accommodated, at an expense exactly
proportioned to the services rendered.
Mention may be made, in illustration, of one
of these public hospitals, which is maintained
at an annual expense of upward of $4,000,
and which accommodates an average of less
than a single patient, at a daily cost per capita
of more than §14 50; while quite as satisfac-
tory relief can bo had under contract for about
$1 per day.
There are, moreover, several hospital build-
ings, erected at great cost,, now lying idle, out
of repair, and not available for their intended
use. Some of these have never been occupied,
and one, at least, is situated at a jioint remote
from any port, and where relief is never de-
manded. Others now occupied are in a con-
dition requiring largo and immediate outlay to
preserve them.
In view of these facts, it is strongly recom-
mended that authority be conferred by law upon
this Department to sell such hospitals as ex-
perience has shown are not needed, retaining
only those situated at important ports where,
by the course of commerce, demands for relief
are likely to be most frequent and pressing,
and where contracts on favorable terms can-
not be procured with private or municipal in-
stitutions. The proceeds should either be re-
turned into the Tx-easury in repayment of their
cost, or invested for the benefit of the hospital
fund.
In favor of the contract system it may be
remarked, that it is in operation, most suc-
cessfully, at New York, where demands for
relief are far the heaviest; at Baltimore, Phil-
adelphia, St. Louis, Louisville, and Cincinnati;
and it is believed that quite as advantageous
and satisfactory arrangem ents might be made
at other ports where Government hospitals are
now located. Even at ports where it may be
deemed best to retain the ownership of the
hospital buildings, it might be advisable to
lease them to private or municipal hospitals,
which would gladly receive the seamen on fa-
vorable terms. Such an arrangement was for-
merly in force at Charleston, South Carolina,
much to the advantage of the patients and the
fund.  
Should these suggestions be adopted, and,
at the same time, the rate of contribution fixed
at thirty cents a month, instead of twenty as at
present, the proceeds of the tax, thoroughly
collected and economically administered, would
be ample to meet every demand which a judi-
cious discrimination in affording relief would
make upon them ; and the seamen would re-
ceive far more substantial and efficient benefit
than under the present system.
As to the increased rale of contribution it
may be said thai the existing rate has stood
unchanged, thi ough all the fine (.nations of prices
and wages, since 1708; that it is quite dispro-
portioned to the benefit deiived by the seamen
from the marine hospital system; and that per-
sons of this class are, as a general thing, other-
wise free from Federal legislation. In this
view, there can be no hardship or injustice in
making the moderate increase suggested.
By the report of the Comptroller of the Cur-
rency, it appears that sixteen hundred and one
banks had been, on the 31st of October last,
organized under the national banking act. Of
these, six hundred and seventy-nine were ori-
ginal organizations, and nine hundred and
twenty-two conversions from State institutions.
The Comptroller recommends several amend-
ments to the acts, which will arrest the atten-
tion of Congress.
The recommendation that the banks shall be
compelled to redeem their notes at one of the
three cities named is heartily indorsed. At
some future day it may be advisable that redemp-
tions shEfll be authorized at western and south-
ern cities; but as long as exchange continues
to be in favor of the sea-board, it is not expe-
dient to permit banks to redeem at interior
points. There are very few country banks or
banks in the interior cities that do not keep
their chief balances in either Boston, New York,
or Philadelphia, there being a regular demand
for exchange on these cities. Where the cur-
rent of trade requires the bank to keep accounts
for their own accommodation and that of their
customers and the public, there should their
redemptions be made. Notes that are par in
either of these cities will very rarely be at a dis-
count in any part of the United States, and will
be as nearly of uniform value as is, perhaps,
ever to be expected in a paper currency.
The Secretary is hopeful that the time is not
far distantwhen redemptions will be something
more than nominal. Experience and obser-
vation have taught him that frequent redemp-
tions are essential to the solvency of banks of
circulation. Nothing so well teaches a bank
the necessity of keeping its loans in the hands
of prompt customers, and its means under its
own control, as the certainty of being frequent-
ly callcd upon to meet its own obligations. It
is quite important that inexperienced bankers,
under the national banking system, should
learn that their notes are not money, but prom-
ises to pay it; and the sooner and the more ef-
fectively this lesson is impressed upon them,
the better it will be for their stockholders and
the system.
The national banking system was designed
not only to furnish the people with a sound
circulation, but one of uniform value; and this
is not likely to bo fully accomplished until the
banks, by compulsion or their own voluntary
act, keep their notes at par in the principal
money markets of the country.
The establishment of the national banking
system is one of the great compensations of
the war; one of the great achievements of this
remarkable period. In about two years and a
half from the organization of the first national
bank, the whole system of banking under State
laws Jhas been superseded, and the people ot
the United States have been furnished with a
circulation bearinguponit, the seal of the Treas-
ury Department as a guarantee of its solvency.
It only remains that this circulation shall be a
redeemable circulation—redeemable not only
at the counters of the banks, but at the com-
mercial cities—to make the national banking
system of almost inconceivable benefit to the
country.
The present law limits the circulation of the
national banks to 8300,000,000: and it is not
probable, when the business of the country re-
tnrns to a healthy basis, that alarger paper cir-
culation than this will be required. Indeed, it
is doubtful whether a larger bank-note circu-
lation can bo maintained on a specie basis.
Should an increase however, be necessary,- it
