2482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
of New York* and for other purposes; which
was* read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on Commerce.
national theological institute.
Mr. WADE. I am directed by tlie Commit-
tee on the District of Columbia, to whom was
referred the bill (H. R. No. 352) to incorporate
the National Theological Institute, to report it
back without amendment, and recommend its
passage, and I am requested to ask for its im-
mediate consideration. Those who have it in
charge are exceedingly anxious that it should
pass now on account of the great synod that
is about to be held here in reference to it. If
there be no objection—and there can be no
objection to it that I can see—I ask that it be
put on its passage now.
There being no objection, the Senate, as in
Committee of the Whole, proceeded to consider
the bill. It proposes to create and declare
Abram D. Gillette, Edgar H. Gray, Edmund
Turney, Zalmon Richards, Robert J. Powell,
William T. Johnson, Henry Beard, Charles H.
Morse, Joseph C. Lewis, John S. Poler, David
Rees, D. W. Anderson. Daniel C. Eddy, Leo-
nard A. Grimes, Justice D. Fulton, William R.
Williams, Isaac Westcott, Howard Malcom,
Joseph II. ICennard. Newton Brown, T. Dwight
Miller, and all persons who shall or may be
associated with them, and their successors, a
body corporate and politic, in deed and in law,
by the name of "the National Theological In-
stitute," with the usual powers of a corporation.
The object and purpose of this corporation
is to be for the education of persons for the
Christian ministry, and those associated with
them as assistants, in such course of theological
and general studies as maybe deemed proper for
that purpose; but no person is to be excluded
from the advantages of education afforded by
the institute on account of theological belief.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. I simply want to inquire
of the- Senator reporting the bill whether this
is a corporation confined to this District by its
terms.
Mr. MORRILL. It is.
Mr. POMEROY. I listened to the reading
of the bill, and I thought that by its terms it
was not confined to the District. It simply
says that they may have a right to do anything
not inconsistent with the laws of the District;
but if I heard it aright, it is not confined to the
District by express terms.
Mr. WADE. Their principal place of busi-
ness is here, and if they do business in other
States they expect to get acts of incorporation
for it.
Mr. SHERMAN. I do not like, even by
implication, to assent to the proposition that
the Congress of the United States cannot do
a  much in this District as any State may do
within a State.
Mr. WADE. Of course they can.
Mr. SHERMAN.- In every State of the
Union corporations are incorporated by a
general law, and they go all over the United
States and have the rights of persons. So far
as this bill is concerned I do not raise the
point, but I do not for a moment admit, even
by implication, that Congress ought to sur-
render the power that we have in this District,
to make corporations with the power of cor-
porations all over the United States of America
or Europe, Asia, or wherever they may choose
to go.
Mr. WADE. There is nothing nnnsual in
this corporation. It is a mere ordinary church
corporation for the establishment of a theo-
logical institute, and has nothing in it that does
not relate to that particular thing. It locates
it in the District, and that is all there is about
it. Where they will do business, I do not know,
and I do not care.
Mr. POMEROY. I hope the Senator will
not consider that I was objecting to the bill. I
only thought that if he intended to confine it
to the District, he ought to say so in the bill
itself. I do not object to it.
The bill was ordered to a third reading, read
the third time, and passed.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPherson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 567) to amend an act to
establish the grade of vice admiral in the Uni-
ted States Navy; and
A bill (H. R. No. 568) to repeal section
twenty-three of chapter seventy-nine of the
acts of the third session of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress relating to passports.
enrolled bill signed.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed
an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. 137)
to provide for the exemption of crude petro-
leum from internal tax or duty, and for other
purposes ; and it was thereupon signed by the
President pro tempore of the Senate.
commander charles hunter.
Mr. GRIMES. I am instructed by the Com-
mittee on Naval Affairs, to whom was referred
the bill (S. No. 307) authorizing the restoration
of Commander Charles Hunter to the Navy
of the United States, to report it back with an
amendment.
Mr. ANTHONY. I hope the Senator will
ask for the present consideration of that bill.
There will be no objection to it.
Mr. GRIMES. I ask the Senate now to
proceed with its consideration.
By unanimous consent, the bill was con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole. The
amendment of the Committee on Naval Affairs
was to strike out all after the enacting clause
and insert the following :
That the President of the United States be, and lie
is hereby, authorized to restore Charles Hunter, late
a eommanderin the Navy, to the position which he
held on the retired list of the Navy when dismissed
therefrom.
Mr. GRIMES. I will state that at the out-
break of the rebellion, Commander Charles
Hunter was an officer of the Navy on the re-
tired list. He was appointed to the command
of a vessel which was employed in keeping up
the blockade. In the discharge of his duties
he pursued a blockade-runner, and ran her
ashore upon the coast of Cuba, and destroyed
her while he was within a marine league of the
shore. The Spanish Government took umbrage
at that action of an officer of this Government,
and, in obedience to their demand upon this
Government, he was dismissed from the service.
It is now deemed proper by the Administration
that he should be restored to his former posi-
tion ; and it is but justice to Captain Hunter
that I should send to the table, to be read by
the Secretary of the Senate, a letter from the
Secretary of State, and also one from the Sec-
retary of the Navy, upon this subject.
The Secretary read the following letters:
Navy Department,
Washington, mayb, 1866.
Sir : I have the honor to propose for the consider-
ation of the Committee of the Senate on Naval Af-
fairs a resolution authorizing the President to restore
Charles Hunter to the position which he held on the
retiredlist of the Navy.
The inclosed copy of a letter from the honorablo
Secretary of State explains the circumstances under
which it was deemed proper to remove Commander
Hunter from the public service. As no other reason
than'one of "public policy" required his separation
from the service, and no such reason now forbids his
reinstatement, it would seem but just, by restoring
him to the Navy, to remove any undeserved stigma
which his dismissal might attach to him.
I am, very respectfully, your obedient servant,
GIDEON WELLES,
Secretary of the Navy.
Hon. J. W. Grimes, Chairman Committee on Naval
Affairs, United States Senate.
Department of Statu.
"washington, April 16,1866.
Sir: In the opinion of this Department, no reason
of public policy now exists against the restoration of
Commander Charles Hunter to the position in the
Navy of the United States which he held when he
was cashiered pursuant to a complaint of the Span-
ish Government for violating its territorial jurisdic-
tion by chasing ashore on the island of Cuba the
insurgent steamer General Rusk alius Blanche.
I have the honor to be, piv, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. Gideos Welles, Secretary of the Navy.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended ; the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for
a third reading, was read the third time and
passed.
smithsonian report.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred the resolution for
printing extra copies of the Report of the Smith-
sonian Institution, have instructed me to report
it back with an amendment, by way of substi-
tute, and to ask for its present consideration.
By unanimous consent, the Senate proceeded
to consider the resolution ; and the amendment
reported by the committee was agreed to; so
as to make the resolution read as follows:
Resolved, That five thousand additional copies of
the Report of the Board of Regents of the Smith-
sonian Institution for the year ending 30th June, 1865,
be printed; two thousand for the use of the Smith-
sonian Institution and three thousand for the use of
theSenate^Provt'ckc?, That the aggregate number of
pages contained in said report shall not exceed four
hundred and fifty pages, without wood-cuts or plates
except those furnished by the Institution.
Mr. POMEROY. I should like to inquire of
the Senator from Rhode Island if he can give
any assurance to the Senate about the time we
.shall get this Report in printed form. I make
this inquiry because about three months ago, on
his motion, we voted for printing a large edition
of Bancroft's oration, and we have not yet got
them. I have no objection to voting this order
if we can be assured that we shall have the
copies during this session, or, indeed, at any
time during our lives. We votedalsoforprinting
another oration, delivered by my friend from
Maryland, [Mr. Creswell,] and we have not
got that yet. It occurs to me that we ought not
to increase this public printing if we cannot get
it done.
Mr. RIDDLE. As a member of the Com-
mittee on Printing, I will answer the question
of my friend from Kansas. The difficulty in
getting out the oration of Mr. Bancroft arose
from the fact of the printers not having been
able to get the steel plate of Mr. Lincoln to put
in the book. The delay is not the fault of the
printing office. That, however, docs not inter-
fere with other printing.
Mr. ANTHONY. I presume this will be
printed with the usual rapidity. The pressure
on the printing office has been very great dur-
ing the war, but it is now in a very great de-
gree removed, though not entirely. Unless
Congress should be disposed to enlarge the
facilities for the public printing, it is impossi-
ble that the work can all be done as rapidly as
it used to be in quiet times. The Senate yes-
terday reduced sixty per cent, a very large
document, and I think now that the work which
is ordered will go on as rapidly as practicable.
My friend from Delaware has explained tlier
reason of the delay in printing the oration of
Mr. Bancroft. They have been waiting for a
steel plate of the late President. The oration
delivered by my friend from Maryland [Mr.
Creswell] will be out very soon. The Public
Printer received only a few days ago a single
order to print three million blanks for the
internal revenue branch of the Treasury De-
partment.
Mr. GRIMES. I thought they had a print-
ing office of their own.
Mr. ANTHONY. Not for such purposes as
that, only for engraving.
Mr. GRIMES. They print reports.
Mr. ANTHONY. They have a little print-
ing office there; but this job I speak of will
employ seventeen presses for some time. This
is the usual resolution that has been adopted
every year.
The resolution was agreed to.
Mr. ANTHONY. I am instructed by the
Committee on Printing, to whom was referred
a resolution to print, one thousand copies of
