1522
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
well move to postpone the bill indefinitely.
The adoption of the amendment is the end of it.
Mr. SHERMAN'. Let the question, then,
be taken by yeas and nays. It is really the
whole purpose of the bill to give an exclusive
privilege. I ask for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered ; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 16; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Bueltalew, Con-
fess, Fessenden, Foster, Grimes, Henderson, Howe,
Norton, Sherman, Sprague, Trumbull, and Van Win-
kle—14.
NAYS—Messrs. Chandler, Cragin, Creswell, Doo-
littlc, Suthrie, Harris; Kirk wood, Morgan, Morrill,
Pomeroy, Ramsey, Stewart, Sumner, Wade, Willey,
and Wilson—10.
ABSENT—Messrs. Clarlt, Cowan, Davis, Dixon.
Foot, Hendriclcs, Howard, Johnson, Lane oflndiana,
Lane of Kansas, McDougall, Nesmith, Nve, Poland,
Kiddle, Saulsbury, Stockton, Williams, Wright, and
Yates—20.
So the amendment to the amendment was
rejected.
The amendment of the Committee on Com-
merce, as amended, was agreed to. •
Mr. DOOLITTLE. T suggested an amend-
ment to put in words declaring that Congress
shall have power, not only to repeal and alter
the aet, but to fix the rates to be charged; but
gentlemen all around me say that that power
is necessarily involved and implied in the words
giving Congress power at any time to repeal
and amend the charter. Deferring to the opin-
ions of Senators around me, and with the ex-
press understanding on my part that the power
is now contained in the bill, and the further
understanding that if this company should ever
get its line in operation, and its charges should
be enormous, the power will be exercised, I
will not offer the amendment.
Mr. WILLEY. Are the rates fixed in the
biil?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No, sir.
Mr. WILLEY. 1 suggest, then, to the hon-
orable Senator from Wisconsin whether the
interpretation that he speaks of is a just one.
The power to alter or amend a charter does
not affect the rates charged by the company.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. By way of reply to the
Senator from West Virginia, lot me ask whether
the power to amend the charter would not au-
thorize Congress to put in a new provision de-
claring what the rates should be for the trans-
mission of messages. I so understand it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Senate
adjourn.
Mr. CHANDLER. Oh, no; let us take a
vote on (he bill.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senate is too thin
to vote oil so important a question. That is
the very reason I make the motion; the vote
just taken is so close and the Senate is so thin
that it does not seem to be right to press a final
vote now.
Mr. CHANDLER, Let me take up another
bill.
Several Sexators. It is too late.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The question
is on the motion to adjourn
The motion was not agreed to; there being,
on a division—ayes 14, noes 14.
Mr. BROWN. I think this bill carries with
it something more than the question that was
determined on the last amendment striking out
the word "sole.'' I think it carries with it the
question of the right to pass such a bill and to
grant such exclusive rights on the coast of Flor-
ida, and as I believe the bill to be wrong in its
principle and very detrimental in the precedent
which it sets, I shall ask for the yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed. and the amendment made as in Committee
of the Whole was concurred in.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I renew my motion to
adjourn. I think the bill ought not to be acted
upon in so thin a Senate.
Theqnestion being put, there were, onadivis-
ion—'ayes 13, noes 14.
So the motion to adjourn was not agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. I believe the bill has not
yet been ordered to a third reading. I move,
in order to avoid all question on th^t point, at
theend'of the third section to insert "and Con-
gress may alter tte rates of charge."
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I suggest these words
as I drew them, and I think they will cover it:
after the words 11 at any time" in section three
to insert "to fix and alter the rates for the
transmission of messages and;" so that the
clause will read:
That Congress shall have power at any time to fix
and alter the rates for the transmission of messages,
and to alter or repeal the foregoing aet.
Mr. SHERMAN. Any words to carry out
the idea. I doubt whether the power will be
included by the simple reservation of the right
to repeal or amend the charter.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Senator from Maine
[Mr. Fessexdex] .desires to have a fuller Sen-
ate when the vote is taken. If he will name an
hour to-morrow when the vote can be taken, I
shall not object to an adjournment. I do not
desire to be factious.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Any time to-morrow
when the Senate is full.
Mr. CHANDLER. If it is_agreed that the
vote shall be taken at one o'clock and that
discussion is ended 
Mr. FESSENDEN. I have no o'bjection.
Any time to-morrow that there is a full Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. Well, let it be under-
stood that the vote shall be taken at one
o'clock.
Mr. FESSENDEN. It will be open to dis-
cussion, of course.
Mr. CHANDLER. Of course.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. It is moved
that the further consideration of this bill be
postponed until to-morrow at one o'clock, and
be made the special order at that time.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the Sen-
ate adjourn.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Tuesday, March 20, 1866. .
The House met at twelve o' clock m. Prayer
by the Chaplain, Rev. C. B. Boyxton.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
springfield armory.
Mr. DAWES. I ask unanimous consent to
introduce a joint resolution in relation to the
public lands appertaining to the armory at
Springfield, and to put it on its passage.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Let us
hear what it is.
Mr. DAWES. If there be the slightest ob-
jection to it, I will not press it.
The joint resolution was then read.
Mr. DAWES. I will explain it in a few
words. In laying out the groun ds at the Spring-
field armory it becomes necessary to make an
exchange of two strips of land, the Government
securing for what it gives an equivalent value.
The title deeds were prepared for the Secretary
of War to execute under the following law:
"That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby,
authorized to alter, establish, and settle the boundary
lines between the United States lands at the Spiing-
field armory and the contiguous lands belonging to
thetown of Springfield, in the State of Massachusetts,
ana to individual citizens, in such away as may be
best calculated to allow the laying out and altering
of streets and highways for the mutual convenience
and advantage of all parties; and for this purpose lie
is further authorized to exchange and convey and to
receive fromtheeorporate authorities of Springfield,
or to and from individual proprietors, such fractional
parts of land as may be necessary for the accommoda-
tion and convenience of the town of Springfield in
running its public streets and highways, and of the
armory in securing the safety of and free access to its
workshops, arsenals,andotherpublicbuildings; and
to grant, on the partof theUnited States, and receive
from thecorporation authorities of Springfield,or from
individual proprietors, deeds and titles for the land
so exchanged anddisposedof to establish convenient
boundaries."
After these title deeds were prepared for exe-
cution by the Secretary of War, it was the opin-
ion of the Solicitor of the War Department that
this resolution had expired and was not now in
force. It is simply to revive this section I offer
this joint resolution, so that these deeds may
be executed.
I will say further, the matter was fully ex-
plained to the satisfaction, of the chairman of
the Committee on Military Affairs, and that
if he were here it would probably have been
offered by him.
•There was no objection, and the joint reso-
lution was read a first and second time, ordered
to be engrossed and read a third time, and
being engrossed, it was accordingly read the
third time and passed.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the joint resolution was passed; and
also moved that the motion to reconsider be
laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
thanks of congress.
Mr. SMITH, b\' unanimous consent, intro-
duced a joint resolution tendering the thanks
of Congress to Major Generals Gordon Gran-
ger and James A. Garfield, and through them
to the officers and men who fought under their
commands, for their gallantry and heroic con-
duct in saving the army of the Cumberland at
the battle of Chickamauga; which was read a
first and second time.
Mr. UPSON moved that the joint resolu-
tion be referred to the Committee on Military
Affairs.
The motion was agreed to.
legislative, etc., appropriation bill.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order.
The House accordingly resumed the consid-
eration of the unfinished business of yesterday,
being the bill (H. R. No. 213) making appro-
priations for the legislative, executive, and ju-
dicial expenses of the Government for the year
ending the 30th of June, 18G7, reported from
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union with sundry amendments.
The amendments reported from the Com-
mittee of the Whole on the state of the Union
were agreed to.
The question recurred upon agreeing to the
amendment offered yesterday in the House by
Mr. Washbokne, of Illinois, to strike out the
following:
And from and after the close of the present fiscal
year the annual salary of the Director of the Mint shall
be $4,000; and the annual salaries of the treasurer,
assayer, melter and refiner, chief coiner, and en-
graver shall be $2,500 each ; the annual salary of the
assistant assayer shall be 82,250; and the annual sal-
aries of the clerks now receiving SI.800 shall be$2,250
each: and the annual salaries of the clerks now re-
ceiving $1,500 shall be 81,800 each.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the previous question on the bill and amend-
ment.
Mr. BUNDY. I hope the gentleman will
suspend a moment until I can offer an amend-
ment.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I can only
take care of my own amendment.
The SPEAKER. The only amendment now
in order would be to amend the amendment of
the gentleman from Illinois.
Mr. BUNDY. 1 shall not get it in in that
way.
The SPEAKER. It should have been of-
fered in Committee of the Whole.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question was ordered.
The question being taken on the amendment
of Mr. Washuurxe, of Illinois, no quorum
j voted.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the yeas and nays.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would like to
have the gentleman from Pennsylvania state
the amount now paid and the amount of in-
crease proposed.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. Is discus-
sion in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Is it in
order to say that I do not wish to have it
stricken out?
The SPEAKER. It is not in order.
