1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
248a
the eulogies delivered upon the late Hon. Sol-
omon Foot, for the use of his widow and fam-
ily, to report it back and recommend its pas-
sage. I ask for its present consideration.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the following resolution:
Resolved, That one thousand extra copies of tho
addresses and funeral sermon delivered in the Sen-
ate on the death of Hon. Solomon I<oot, a Senator
from the State of Vermont, heretofore ordered to bo
printed for tho uso of the Senate, be printed for the
use of the widow and family of the deceased.
The resolution was agreed to.
DEPOSITS OF PUBLIC MONEY.
Mr. GRIMES submitted the following reso-
lution ; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to:
Jiesolved, That the Committee on Finance be in-
structed to inquiro into the expediency of providing
by law that no public moneys shall be deposited by
any public officers elsewhere than in the office of the
sub-Treasurer in any city where there is a sub-Treas-
ury, nor elsewherothan in the Treasury of the United
States in the city of Washington.
NEW YOKK POST OFFICE.
Mr. DIXON. I move that the Senate now
proceed to the .consideration of House joint
resolution No. 6G, in relation to the courts
and post office in the city of New York.
Mr. CHANDLER. I would ask if the
House joint resolution No. 116 was not the
unfinished business of yesterday at tlie close
of the morning hour.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is not
the practice of the Senate, when a motion is
made to take up a bill, to give precedence to
the unfinished business of the morning hour.
The question is on the motion of the Senator
from Connecticut to take up House joint res-
olution No. 66, relative to the courts and post
office of New York city.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution, which proposes
to appoint the mayor and postmaster of the
city of New York, the district attorney for tlie
United States at New York city, the president
of the Chamber of Commerce of the State of
New York, and Jackson S. Shultz, of New
York city, a commission to select a proper site
. for a building for the post office and for the
accommodation of the United States courts ifi
the city of New York. They are to report to
the Postmaster General and the Secretary of
the Interior, at their earliest convenience, the
selection upon which they, or a majority of
them, may agfee, and the price at which the
site can be purchased by the Government for
the purposes contemplated in the resolution;
and if the report shall meet the approbation
of the Postmaster General and the Secretary
of tho Interior, they shall communicate it,
with such additional suggestions as they think
proper, to Congress.
The first amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Post Offices and Post Roads was in
line six, after ''Jackson S. Shultz," to insert
"Charles H. Russell, and Moses Taylor."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was after the word
"resolution," in line fourteen, to insert "if a
newsite should be selected;" so that the clause
will read:
That they report to the Postmaster General and the
Secretary of tho Interior, at their earliest conven-
ience, the selection upon which they or a majority of
them may agree, and tho price atwhich such site can
be purchased by the Government tor thc_ purposes
contemplated in this resolution, if a new site should
be selected.
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the Sen-
ate as amended, and the amendments were con-
curred in. The amendments were orderod to
be engrossed and the joint resolution to be read
a third time. It was read the third time and
passed.
ASIATIC CIIOLEBA.
Mr. CHANDLER. I now move to take up
House joint resolution No. 116.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Senate,
as in Committee of tho Whole, resumed the
consideration of the joint resolution (II. R.
No. 116) to prevent the introduction of the
cholera into the ports of the United States, tho
ponding question being on the amendment
reported by the Committee on Commerce in
the nature of a substitute.
Mr. CHANDLER. I do not propose to go
largely into the discussion of this question.
Whether this measure will prove effective or
not, I cannot say. I have not had, perhaps, as
much experience in the matter of cholera as
some other Senators. I have only had the dis-
ease twice, and have only spent about four or
five years of my life in attending upon patients
afflicted with it, [laughter,] and I do not pre-
tend to know as much about it as the Senator
from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Cowan.] Eminent
surgeons throughout the world have had doubts
as to the character of this disease. Great
Britain-, France, and the Powers of Europe ap-
pointed a commission to visit the East and ascer-
tain the sources, the dangers, and the symp-
toms of the disease. Had they been aware of
the learning, ths knowledge, and the informa-
tion contained in this Senate, they never would
have sent that commission to the East or any-
where else. They could have got all the infor-
mation they desired from the Senator from
Pennsjdvania, who, I regret, is not in his seat.
During tho debate yesterday, that Senator said:
" If there is any one thing I think well settled, it is
that cholera is not contagious in that senso of tho
word which would enable you by means of some legis-
lative enactment to keep it out of liiti country. I
think for tho credit of the body in that respect, we
ought to avoid this mode of dealing with that which
is now pretty well understood."
Again, he said:
" It is an epidemic instead of acontagion.^ Itexists
in the air; arid hence there was great propriety in tho
jest of some Senator the other day who proposed to
refer the whole subject to the ventilation committee."
Now, sir, that is a question that had never
been settled until yesterday. Tho most emi-
nent surgeons on earth had been in doubt as to
whether it was contagious, infectious, or at-
mospheric. That point being settled, and
probably settled to the satisfaction of the Sen-
ate, they may deem that no further action is
necessary upon this resolution. As I remarked
yesterday, the Committee on Commerce have
had this resolution under consideration for two
months. There was a great diversity of opin-
ion in the committee as to the propriety of
action on the subject. The medical profes-
sion, not having been aware that the point was
settled, appointed a convention in Baltimore,
which assembled on Friday last, I believe. In
that mcdical convention were eminent men
from Canada and other British Provinces, from
New York, Baltimore, and Philadelphia, and
the most eminent medical talent in the United
States. They deemed the subject of sufficient
importance to send a delegation from that con-
vention here to advocate the passage of some
such measure as this. A meeting of the Com-
mittee on Commerce was called, which was
attended by all the members except the Sena-
tor from Maryland, [Mr. Cresweia;] and they
unanimously decided to recommend the Senate
to adopt this plan, which that delegation said
would bo effective.
I made the suggestion to the man of that
delegation who seemed to have the most expe-
rience on this subject that this disease was by
many considered not to be contagious, but
rather infectious or atmospheric. lie replied
that last fall they had in the harbor of New
York one hundred and fifty cases of Asiatic
cholera, but the board of health put their hands
upon it and held it in the bay, and not a sin-
gle case reached the city of New York, although
tho train was laid, and New York city was
never in a better condition for its reception
and for its terrific ravages than it was at
that time. The opinion of these medical men
differs materially from the opinion of the Sen-
ator from Pennsylvania, and yet I have no
doubt the Senator from Pennsylvania must be
correct. I never knew him to be wrong in any-
thing—politics, religion, law, or anything else.
He knows this thing to be so, and of course it
is settled; and I suppose the Senate will adopt
the learned opinion of the Senator from Penn-
sylvania and reject the opinion of the medical
convention which assembled at Baltimore! I
leave the case in the hands of the Senate. If
they think that the knowledge and information
of the Senator from Pennsylvania is greater
than that of tlie convention that visited the
East during this summer to investigate this
subject, and greater than that of the conven-
tion which assembled in Baltimore, and greater
than that of the medical faculty of the world,
I hope they will adopt the views of the Sena-
tor from Pennsylvania and reject those of the
medical faculty. The Senate will vote upon
this question as they see fit.
Mr. MORRILL. I should like to have the
original resolution, as it came from the House,
read. I believe it has not yet been read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Be/wived, d'x.. That the President be. andhe hereby
is, au thorued to make and carry in to effect such orders
and regulations of quarantine as in his opinion may
be deemed necessary and proper, in aid of State or
municipal authorities, to guard against the introduc-
tion of the cholera into the ports of the United States;
and the President is further authorized to empower
the military and naval co nun stridors in ports and places
in the States that have been or are in insurrection to
enforce such quarantine regulations as maybe deemed
necessary for the purpose of guarding against the in-
troduction of cholera or yellow fever, and to provide
for the proper care and treatment of patients. And
such an amount of money as may be necessary ta
carry into effect this joint resolution is hereby appro-
priated out of any money in tho Tioasuiy not other-
wise appropriated.
Mr. MORRILL. Perhaps the attention of
the Senate should be called to the action of the
House of Representatives in contrast with the
action of the Senate committee. It will be seen
that the resolution from tho House, for which
the Senate committee substitutes its own reso-
lution, provides for a method of treating this
subject in cooperation with the States. The
President is authorized to make rules and reg-
ulations to cooperate with the State and local
authorities. That is the chief feature of the
House resolution. The resolution reported
by the Committee on Commerce of the Sen-
ate, which is proposed as a substitute for that,
inaugurates a system independent of the local
authorities and'independentof the States; and
it is different in some other respects. The ®bject
of the two resolutions, of course, is the same, to
prevent the spread of the cholera.
The question which I desire the Senate should
understand and should consider is, whether it
is advisable to invest the President and his
Secretaries with the powers of quarantine and
sanitary regulation over the whole country.
The statement of that question will show the
Senate at once the importance of this measure
and the magnitude of the undertaking; and
they must judge for themselves as to the prob-
ability of its being effective. A measure au-
thorizing the President and his Cabinet to use
the war power of the country and the Treasury
of the country to make, in the first place, a
system broad enough to quarantine all the porta
on the coast, and a sanitary system or a cordon
of sanitary posts extensive enough to guard
your whole frontier, and also to be effective in
all the cities and towns throughout the whole
country, the Senate will see at once_ will be
very comprehensive and very extensive, and
involves the cxercise of very extensive powers;
and whether so spread out and so acting inde-
pendent of the States—to raise no question now
of the right to do so—by any possibility, within
a reasonable time, it could be made effective
as a practical question, it seems to me admits
of very serious doubt. I ought to say, there-
fore, calling the attention of the Senate to these
two propositions, that it seemed to me that the
measure, as it came from the House of Repre-
sentatives, was preferable in two particulars:
first, that it avoids all questions of authority;
and secondly, that it proposes to cooperate
with the systems already in existence. _ The
city of New York, the great metropolis, for
instance, has a very effective system to-day of
quarantine and health police, more so than
could be perfected by this Government m
twelvemonths if it should set to work to-day
to do it. Now, are„we to act independent of
that, or to cooperate with it? Just as you
