1865.]
APPENDIX TO THE -CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
43
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Report of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Ho. of Heps.
can be provided for hereafter. It is, perhaps,
unfortunate that a greater restriction had not
been placed upon the circulation of the large
banks already organized, in view of the wants
of the southern States. It is quite likely, how-
ever, that the anticipated withdrawal of a por-
tion of the United States notes (not to speak
of the effect of the restoration of specie pay-
ments) will so reduce the circulation of the
northern bafiks as to afford to the South, under
the present limitation of the law, all the paper
currency which will be required in that quar-
ter.
The act of March 3, 1865, authorized the
Secretary to borrow any sums not exceeding
$000,000,000, and to issue therefor bonds or
Tieasury notes of the United States in such
form as he might prescribe.
Under this act there was issued during the
month of March $70,000,000 of notes payable
three years after date, and bearing an interest
payable semi-annually in currency at the rate of
seven and three tenths per cent, per annum,
and convertible at maturity, at the pleasure
of the holders, into five-twenty gold-bearing
bonds.
Upon the capture of Richmond and the sur-
render of the confederate armies, it became
apparent that there would be an early disband-
ing of the forces of the United States, conse-
quently heavy requisitions from the War De-
partment for transportation and payment of
the Army, including bounties. As it was
important that these requisitions should be
promptly met, and especially important that
not a soldier should remain in the service a
single day for want of means to pay him, the
Secretary perceived the necessity of realizing as
speedily as possible the amount—$530,000,000
—still authorized to be borrowed under this
act. The seven and three-tenths notes had
proved to be a popular loan, and although a
security on longer time and lower interest
would have been more advantageous to the
Government, the Secretary considered it ad-
visable, under the circumstances, to eontinne
to offer these notes to the public, and to avail
himself, as his immediate predecessor had
done, of the service of Jay Cooke, Esq., in
the sale of them. The result was in the
highest degree satisfactory. By the admirable
skill and energy of the agent, and the hearty
cooperation of the national banks, these notes
were distributed in every part of the northern,
and some parts of the southern States, and
placed within the reach of every person desir-
ing to invest in them. IS1 o loan ever offered in
the United States, notwithstanding the largo
amount of Government, securities previously
taken by the people, was so promptly subscribed
for as this. Before the 1st of August the
entire amount of $530,000,000 had been taken,
and the Secretary had the unexpected satisfac-
tion of being able, with Ihe receipts from cus-
toms and internal revenue and a small increase
of the temporary loan, to meet all the requisi-
tions upon the Treasury.
On $230,000,000 of these notes the Govern-
ment has the option of paying the interest at
the rate of six per cent., in coin, instead of
seven and three tenths in currency. The Sec-
retary thought it advisable to reserve this
option, because he indulged the hope that be-
fore their maiurity specie payments would be
restored, and because six per cent, in coin is
as high a rate of interest as the Government
should pay on any of its obligations.
The receipts of coin have been, for some
months past, so large that there have been
constant accumulations beyond what has been
required for the payment of the interest on the
public debt. The Secretary has, therefore,
deemed it to be his duty to sell, from time to
time, a portion of the surplus for the purpose
of supplying the wants of importers, and fur-
nishing the means for meeting the demands
upon the Treasury for currency. The sales
have been conducted by the Assistant Treas-
urer in New York, in a manner entirely sat-
isfactory to the Department, and, it is believed,
to the public. The sales, up to the 1st of
November, amounted to $27,993,216 11, and
the premium to $12,310,459 76, thus placing
in the Treasury, for current use, the sum of
$40,303,675 87, without which there would
have begn a necessity for the further issue of
interest-bearing notes.
The necessities of the Treasury have been
such that a compliance with the requirements
of the act of February 20, 1862, for the creation
of a sinking fund has been impracticable. As
long as it is necessary for the Government to
borrow money, and to put its obligations upon
the market for sale, the purchase of these obli-
gations for the purpose of creating a sinking
fund would hardly be judicious. After the ex-
piration of the present year, the income of the
Government will exceed its ex-penses; and it
will then be practicable to carry into effect the
provisions of the law. The Secretary is, how-
ever, of the opinion that the safe and simple
way of sinking the national debt is to apply di-
rectly to its payment the excess of receipts over
expenditures. He therefore respectful !y recom-
mends that so much of the act of February 25,
1862, as requires the application of coin to the
purchase or payment of one per cent, of the en-
tire debt of the United States, to bo set apart
as a sinking fund, be repealed.
By virtue of the authority conferred by the
fifth section of the act of March 3, 1863, the
Treasurer of the United States and the Assist-
ant Treasurer in New York, have been in-
structed to receive deposits of coin and bullion,
and to issue certificates therefor in denomina-
tions of not less than $20.
Instructions were given for the issue of these
certificates to promote the convenience of offi-
cers of customs, and of the Treasurer and As-
sistant Treasurers, and for the accommodation
of the public. Other considerations also
prompted the Secretary to avail himself of the
authority referred to. It is expected that the
credit of the Government will be strengthened
by the coin which will be thus brought into the
Treasury, and that the effect of the measure
will be to facilitate to some extent a return to
specie payments. If the experiment should be
satisfactory in New York, it will be extended
to other commercial cities.
For a full explanation of the condition of the
mints and their operations during tliepastyear,
attention is requested to the report of the Di-
rector of the Mint at Philadelphia.
The total value of bullion deposited at the
Mint and branches during the last fiscal year
was $32,248,75-1 97; of which $31,005,349 74
was in gold, and $1,183,405 23 in silver. De-
ducting the redoposils, there remain the actual
deposits, amounting to $27,982,849 09.
The coinage for the year was, in gold coin,
$25,107,217 50; gold bars, $5,578,482 45; sil-
ver coin, $030,308; silver bars, $313,910 09;
cents, including the two and three cent pieces,
$1,183,330; total coinage. $32,819,248 04.
Of the bullion deposited, $5,570,371 27 was
received at the assay office in New York. Of
the gold bars, $4,947,809 21, and of silver bars,
$105,003 45 in value, were stamped at the
same office.
At the branch mint in Ran Francisco the
gold deposits were $18,808,318 49, and the
silver deposits and purchases $540,299 20 in
value. The value of the gold coined was $18,-
670,840; of silver coined $320,800: and of sil-
ver bars $145,235 58. Total coinage $19,-
144,875 58.
At the branch mint in Denver the total de-
posits were $54S,609 85, of which $541,559 04
was in gold, and $7,050 81 was in silver.
The survey of the coast, which is under the
administrative direction of this Department,
has been for the past year prosecuted with vigor.
Under special assignments most of the field
assistants have cooperated with the. naval and
military forces of the Government, and in that
way important service was rendered quite up
to the close of the war. Since the termination
of hostilities the regular operations of the sur-
vey have been pushed forward as rapidly as the
available means would permit.
The national importance of this work' was
clearly evinced during the war, and now seems
to be generally appreciated. It is therefore
recommended that the necessary appropriations
be made for the efficient continuance of the
work.
The attention of Congress is called to the
report of the Solicitor of the Treasury, which
exhibits the satisfactory results of tl^e litigation
under his supervision ; and also the condition
of the measures adopted by him and the officers
of the customs for the suppression of frauds
upon the revenue.
A ttention is also specially called to so much
of his report as relates to the administration of
the fund appropriated to defray the expenses
of detecting ana bringing to punishment coun-
terfeiters of the securities and coin of the Uni-
ted States. The measures which have been
adopted have been attended with important
results, and such as to indicate the wisdom of
Congress in creating the fund, and the expe-
diency of continuing appropriations. The So-
licitor has been requested to cause a thorough
revision of the laws relating to counterfeiting
to be made, and a bill to be prepared for the'
consideration of Congress, with a view to rem-
edying defects in existing statutes.
Operations, under the several acts of Con-
gress concerning commercial intercourse with
the Slates declared to be in insurrection, the
execution of which was confided to this De-
partment, have been nearly bronghtto a close,
partly by the restoration of peace and partly
by executive proclamations. The provisions
of those acts were carried out, as far as it was
possible in the disturbed condition of the coun-
try, under the rules and regulations adopted by
the Department, with the approval of the Ex-
ecutive, not only without cost to the Govern-
ment, but in such manner as to add consider-
ably to its revenues.
The regulations adopted in conformity with
the requirements of the sccond section of the
act of July 2,1804, relative to abandoned lands,
houses, and tenements, and freedmen, were, at,
the request of the military authorities, and
from considerations of public policy, suspended
by orders of August 11, 1864. Sincc then, from
time to lime, as it was ready to assume the
charge of them, the duties appertainingto these
subjects have been transferred to the Bureau
of ilefugces, Freedmen, and Abandoned Lands,
according to the provisions of the act of Con-
gress approved March 3, 18(i5.
By executive orders, all operations under
sections eight and nine of the act approved July
2,1864, authorizing the purchase, by agents of
this Department, of the products of the insur-
rectionary districts, were closed, on the east of
the Mississippi river on the 13tli of June last,
and west of it on the 24th of the same month.
The accounts of the difl'ereutpurchasingagents
have not been settled, but it is thought tliatthe
not profits of the Government, by these pur
chases, will amount to $1,500,000.
Since the suspension of purchases by the
Government the duties of the agents of thisDe;
partment have been confined to securing the
property (chiefly cotton) captured by our mil-
itary forces in pursuance of the acts of March
12. 1802. and July 2,1864,relative to captured
and abandoned properly. Up to the 31st of
March last, there had been received at New
York, Cincinnati, and St. Louis, the places
designated for sales—including 38,319baIesob-
tained at Savannah, 4,151 bales at Charleston,
and 2,331 at Mobile—about 80,000 bales.
The general rule under which agents have
been acting since the surrender of the forces
whichliadbeen waging war againstthc Govern-
ment of the United States, is to collect and
forward, as captured property, all cotton de-
scribed upon the books and lists of the pre-
tended confederate government, or whiehthere
was sufficient reason to believe was owned or
