1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
459
recoil upon all who participated in its consum-
mation.
Sir, many months have elapsed since we were
chosen members of the Thirty-Ninth Congress.
At that time the war was raging fiercely, and
no man could foresee the time when the rebel-
lion could be finally squelched. To maintain
and preserve the Union in its integrity was the
one grand idea. The Government needed sup-
port. It was asked from all men of all parties
to yield to the emergency and stand by the Con-
stitution and the Union at all hazards and in all
events. This was done—and we are here. Nay,
more. Even at the election last fall the only issue
was upon the constitutional amendment abolish-
ing slavery, whichnow is an accomplished fact.
Wc were told that this done, we stood well as-
sured of speedy reconstruction and an imme-
diate return to the palmy days of peace and pros-
perity. But. sir, how fallacious are all human
hopes. We had believed that that Constitution,
framed in the spirit of wisdom and replete with
the noblest sentiments of patriotism and jus-
tice, would still be left to us as our guide and
rule of conduct, untouched and uncontaminated
by the ruthless hand of fanaticism. No sooner
did Congress meet than we were overwhelmed
with some sixty or seventy proposed amend-
ments to that glorious old organic law that for
seventy years has nobly withstood the storms
and tempests of time, "the battle and the
breeze and all these in the interest of the
radicals. Amendment after amendment, and
substitute upon substitute, has been offered, but
so far as I can learn no line has been written nor
a single suggestion made in the interest of the
million and a half of those noble men who
achieved all that we are nowrejoicing over, and
who daily besiege the Departments for bounties,
pay, and pensions.
Sir. it is next to my heart to see those boun-
ties equalized and the amount of those pen-
sions increased. It has been intimated that
these honest and just claims are to be ignored
upon the plea that it will operate against a wise
economy. Bat, sir, I argue this is a false econ-
omy. Economy must always yield to justice.
When the bugle of ihe warrior sounded the first
alarum, soldier and sailor went promptly to the
rescue of the nation. All that they sought was
the faithful performance of a patriotic duty,
hopeful, however, that the nation's gratitude
would in some degree satisfy them for the sac-
rifices they had made. But the wail of the widow
and the cry of the poor orphan arc as yet un-
heard in this Hall, or, if heard, are unheeded.
The few millions to be thus appropriately dis-
posed would add but little to the national debt,
winch must and will be paid to the last dollar.
Deny the boon these poor soldiers and sailors
crave, and we shall commit an injustice almost
amounting to a crime: for while you send them
away home with emplv hands you compel them,
to pay their full share of the national indebted-
ness. If this be justice, then to Heaven alone
can the soldier and the sailor look for assist-
tance.
Mr. Speaker, I now approach another branch
of the subject, pregnant with interest to the
entire nation. All of us knew that the amend-
ment to secure unqualified and universal suf-
frage for the negro was to take effect before,
sundown.'1 But wo were not aware ofthe press-
ing necessity of its speedy passage until it was
disclosed by the great radical leader, namely,
that it miglit be presented to Legislatures al-
ready elected and in session. Thanks to the con-
servative members upon the other aide of the
House for their manly resistance against thus
stifling debate upon so momentous a question,
affecting as it does the paramount interest of
the country, ourpeople, and in fact of the whole
civilized world. Sir, I think I have a right to
accuse the radical leaders of insincerity, it the
Democratic Union party were in power in half
ofthe States, 1 apprehend the radical leaders
would not be quite so anxious to press ihis mailer
here and now, but would rather be willing to
move. ftsM'tim Inula, until the neeessuy ot anew
election would permit the question to be fairly,
honestly. ,nid squarely ,submitted to the people
themselves. They are the proper judges, and
no honest Representative can or ought to shrink
from the ordeal.
Mr. Speaker, what is the real question before
us? It is not simply the emancipation of the
colored race, but it contemplates their entire
enfranchisement, elevating them without regard
to necessity or capacity to a political, and ne-
cessarily to a personal and social, equality with
the white race. I most respectfully aver that
this result would promote an injustice. The
negroes, left to themselves, secure in their re-
cently acquired freedom, would be perfectly
satisfied with their lot but for the officious med-
dling of political fanatics. To accomplish the
complete subjugation of the southern people
these lattei suddenly become the advocates of
negro equality, forgetful of the consequences
that may ensue. Once inaugurate that princi-
ple, and it will inevitably lead to a war of races,
wdiieh may God in His infinite mercy avert. The
negro in his simple ignorance is content with
his lot. Accustomed to obej-, and unused to
command, he gracefully accepts his fate, and
is happy.. But that will not answer the purpose
of the fanatics. To lose the negro would absorb
their capital and force them into involuntary
bankruptcy. Discarding the sage counsels of
the wise and conservative men of the country,
the "sable sons of Ethiopia,'' too ignorant to
comprehend, and too hopeful to resist, yield
readily to fate, and allow themselves to be setup
as idols in the worship of fanatical Vandalism,
and become the ready victims of political prosti-
tution. They are petted and praised, and learn
from these fanatics for the first time that the)"
are a persecuted race.
They are, in their simplicity, made to believe
that their wonderful prowess alone secured the
suppression of the rebellion, without the slight-
est aid or assistance from the "poor white
trash" truthfully called the Army of the Union ;
thai gallant band of heroes who upheld the fiag
ofthe free, fought for and secured the integrity
of the Union, suppressed a gigantic insurrec-
tion, and gave to the world an example of pa-
triotism and physical power unparalleled and
unsurpassed. Flushed with success, exulting
over their triumph, they return to their homes
expecting to receive the earnest plaudits of a
grateful people: but. alas for all human hopes,
they were destined to disappointment. They
were met at the very threshold with a new
enemy — the eternal, everlasting, inevitable
''nigger." It was "nigger" in the field, "nig-
ger'' in the fence, "nigger" on the brain, and
"nigger" in the atmosphere. For whose ben-
efit, let me ask, was this apparent homage paid?
For the negro? Oh! no. Tie, was simply an
instrument in the hands of those who expected
to profit by the experiment.
This unjust adulation of an inferior race,
whose comprehension failed to appreciate the
subtleties of political fanaticism, prepared them
for the work of cooperation as soon as they were
informed by these disinterested friends how
badly they had been used, and how speedily by
combination the evil might be remedied. Apro-
pos, the celebrated barrister, .John Philpot Cur-
ran, was once employed in a case arising out of
a personal injury. It, was not an aggravated
case, but by the force ofhis eloquence and ex-
traordinary descriptive powers, he succeeded in
obtaining a large verdict. On reaching the ves-
tibule ofthe court he was suddenly seized by the
arm, and turning, recognized his client, who,
with tears in his eyes, exclaimed, " Och, Mis-
ther Curran, be me sow! but I'm afther owen
you a large debt of gratichude, tor, on me con-
science, sir, until! hairdyour argument I hadn't
the schloightest idea ofthe extint ofme injury.''
Mr. Speaker, this pretended love for the negro
is all sheer hypocrisy. Yet it has been to a cer-
tain extent a success. To meet the end in view,
the radicals profess an ardent admiration for
this inferior race, while in reality they have an-
other object in view. The feeling they exhibit
is simulated: it is not love, but hate, deep, per-
secuting hatred, of the white man of the South.
Now that peace has shed her radiance on this
favored land, men are found insidiously en-
deavoring to prevent the speedy reconstruction
and reintegration of the country. Men who can
see nothing but'' loyal blacks and rebel whites''
are pursuing a course which in the end will be
fatal only to themselves. Day by day their ranks
are being thinned. I warn them to listen to the
whisperings of wisdom from those noble men
of their own party who, like ourselves, would
sacrifice everything but their honor to promote
harmony in the action of the Government in
all its parts, and secure the great end in view,
the speedy, effectual, and perfect restoration of
the Union. If it be true that the effort of tie
nation was to suppress rebellion and abolish
slavery, then both of these objects have been
successfully accomplished. We may cry peace,
peace, and yet there is no peace. We have
among us certain persons who have attempted
to establish a voluntary censorship, and attempt
coercion without confidence, and success with-
out deserving it. The honorable gentleman from
Illinois, who, I presume, speaks ex cathedra for
his associates, expressed the most intense love
for the negro, socially, personally, and polit-
ically. I must confess he took an ungentle
method to prove his attachment by comparison".
The radicals are always inconsistent: those
who make the loudest noise are least entitled
to consideration. Take a single instance. We
were told that the people of Illinois are in
favor of unqualified negro suffrage. If the
statement had been credited it would have had
great weight in the determination of this vexed
question. But what are the facts? Some years
ago it was made a part of the organic law of
that State that no negro should be allowed to
reside within the limits of the State. After a
test of several years, in 1802 the repeal of that
clause was formally submitted to the people,
who determined to retain it by a majority of
moi e than one hundred thousand votes, and it
is to-day part of the fundamental law of the
State of Illinois. In all kindness I suggest to
my honorable friend that he has mistaken the
proper forum for his eloquence, and that it is
inappropriate in him to undertake to shape
and temper the humane policy ofthe people of
the United States in regard to the negro until
his record of humanity is of a, higher grade
than that of the State whose policy he assumes
to reflect. I can well understand why such
States as Iowa and Maine, for example, •where
there are comparatively few negroes, might
vote in favor of negro suffrage: their political
status could in nowise be affected by the
change: but this question assumes a phase of
increased gravity when applied to States in
which the blacks and whites are nearly equal
in numbers, and especially in those States
where the black population far outnumbers the
whites. This proposition at the present time,
when we ha\e just enuuged front a rebellion of
four years' (luiation, demands our gravest at-
tention. Besides, its consideration is greatly
intensified by the existence of the fact that not
one of the Stales recently in rebellion has a
vote or a voice upon this door. We should
therefore do well to pause before we under-
take to invert, the order of nature and civil-
ization.
It requires care, time, and a matured, delib-
erate. and thorough consideration. I warn the
members of this House against the fatal conse-
quences of inconsiderate action; and in this
connection let me remark, that I repel the as-
sumption of the radicals that the Democratic
party oppose universal negro suffrage because
the negro's skm is black. The charge mani-
festly emanates from a vagrant intellect and a
vicious heart. On the contrary, we place our
opposition to universal negro suffrage upon two
distinct and tenable grounds, namely: first, as
a question of time it is inappropriate and fraught
with imminent danger: and lastly, relying upon
the statement of our opponents that it was a
part ofthe policy of their hard taskmasters to
keei) their slaves in utter ignorance as one of
their means of security against loss, the Dem-
ocratic party place thoir hostility to the measure
•upon their utter want of capacity to employ an
intelligent judgmentin the exercise ot the elect-
