2484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
settle that question so will you settle whether
you will amend the resolution as it_comes from
the House, and adopt the proposition of the
committee, or concur in the resolution as it
came from the House.
I was in favor of the House resolution be-
cause it proposed to confer with the States and
with the cities and avail itself of the local sys-
tems of quarantine and health police, organ-
ized and as they have existed for fifty years. It
may be said that our authorities can avail
themselves of that; but that is not the theory
of the bill. The theory of the bill is that it is to
be independent, that a system is to be organ-
ized here by these Secretaries, and that it is
to be carried out over the whole country. It
seems to me that you will lose entirely the
efficiency which is desirable and which you
would secure if, instead of that, you cooper-
ated with the systems already in force.
For these reasons—not to argue the ques-
tion in any way, but merely to make sugges-
tions—because of the doubt on the question
of authority, and especially because efficiency
will come from cooperating with the States, it
seemed to me that the House resolution was
preferable; but of course I rise to make no
hostility to the measure. It seemed, however,
to me to be advisable, as nobody had stated
the precise position in which the measure was
presented to the Senate, that I should make
this statement.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President, it appears
to me that the amendment which the Commit-
tee on Commerce have recommended to this
joint resolution very much improves it as sent
from the House of Representatives. The hon-
orable Senator from Maine has correctly stated
the essential difference between the two propo-
sitions, that of the House being to authorize
the President to act in aid of the State and
local authorities, and which proposition, there-
fore, necessarily implies the consent of the
State and the municipal authorities who are
invested by local regulations with present
power over the subject, while the Senate
amendment proposes to make a uniform sys-
tem of quarantine under the paramount regu-
lations of the General Government, which
shall be coextensive, irrespective of State and
municipal lines and boundaries, with the dis-
ease which it is sought by both processes to
exclude from the country; and the simple
question is, which is the most likely to attain
the desired end?
Now, I think it must be admitted by my
friend from Maine that the cholera will not
pay any regard to State lines. It does not
know anything about State rights; it does not
recognize the distinction between Federal and
State authority; and, therefore, while one reg-
ulation may exist in New York which shall
require a quarantine, if you please, of thirty
days, another may exist at Jersey City which
only requires a quarantine of ten days, another
at New London, in Connecticut, or at New-
port. in Rhode Island, having a different length
of time and a different process of security; so
that the result is without uniformity, that a
regulation which is enforced with safety and
security in one city, operating to the temporary
disadvantage and injury of its commerce and
disturbance of its trade, is evaded in an adja-
cent city to the advantage of its commerce and
its trade, and by means of which the pestilence
which we all seek to exclude is introduced into
the country.
It appears to me that this is a subjcct which
concerns the general welfare of the people of
the United States, irrespective of State or local
organizations and irrespective of State bound-
aries. It concerns the general welfare, and
therefore, in my judgment, it is the highest
duty of the General Government to promote
that general welfare if anything can be done
by exercising its paramount authority over the
subject. My friend from Maine suggests that
there is doubt as to the authority of the United
States. I think he will reconsider that doubt
and change his opinion, if it be his opinion that
we have not the power, when he recura to the
cases which have been decided on the subject
of the introduction of passengers, known as the
passenger tax cases, in which the Supreme
Court of the United States held, and rightly
held, that the States, while Congress under-
takes to regulate commerce at all, have no
authority to regulate the'admission of persons
or merchandise from foreign countries into this.
Therefore this concerns, in the most eminent
and exact sense, that power which is granted
by the Constitution of the United States to us
under the head of the regulation of commerce;
and inasmuch as we must all agree that it con-
cerns us all, inland States and inland districts
as well as the sea-board ones, ought we not—
assuming that we can frame and pass any law
which will have any prospect of attaining the
result—to go as far as prudence and as courage
will allow to accomplish it ? Most certainly we
should.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope the unfinished
business will be permitted to lie over inform-
ally. I think this will not take long.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is very manifest that
this will take time.
Mr. CHANDLER. I think but very little.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I will not occupy three
minutes.
Mr. SHERMAN. I will not interrupt the
Senator from Vermont in the midst of his
speech.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. If there
be no objection the unfinished business of yes-
terday will be laid aside in order to proceed
with the joint resolution now before the Sen-
ate. No objection being made, it is laid aside
informally.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I think it was made man-
ifest before the Committee on Commerce—and
it is a subjcct so serious that I cannot regard
it in the jocose light that my friend from Penn-
sylvania did yesterday—it was made manifest
before the Committee on Commerce by the
concurrent testimony of many doctors, who
for once did not disagree, that cholera is the
subject of preventive regulations; that it is
capable, in a very large degree at least, of being
excluded from districts, territories, and coun-
tries by the enforcement of sanitary and quar-
antine regulations; and a very eminent instance
of that fact and a very strong proof of it is
found in what we know of the history of cholera
in Europe last fall. The quarantine in the
Italian ports on the Mediterranean was very
strictly enforced, and consequently the cholera
passing from the East went by those Italian ports
to the ports of France, and at last first reached
the Italian territory by way of the railroad from
Paris, having gone completely around the sea-
board-and returned into that country from the
interior, where the quarantine regulations were
not enforced. Therefore it behooves us most
certainly to try the experiment, and to try it
upon that scale of uniformity and of severity
which is commensurate with the danger of this
pestilence, which certainly is as dangerous as
any pestilence or any evil can possibly be.
It has appeared to me, with all deference to
my friend from Maine, that we ought to go to
the length of intrusting these large powers to
the Government as we did in the case of the
rinderpest, which is a case in point as to the
power, and to authorize the Secretaries of War
and the Navy and the Treasury to put in force
with uniformity and impartiality a system which
will operate for the protection of the whole
country.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, I must say
that in reflecting upon this question I find that
I traveled with my friend from Maine through
his inquiries and his doubts, but it was only to
arrive substantially at the conclusion of my
friend from Vermont. 1 thought that the crit-
icism of my friend from Maine was in many
respects, at least on its face, just; I went along
with him, and yet I hesitated in adopting the
conclusion which he seemed to intimate. I
doubt, if we proceed under the House resolu-
tion, whether we shall do the work thoroughly.
I doubt whether that resolutioncan be made
sufficiently effective for the occasion. Indeed,
I may go further and say I am satisfied, all
things considered, that it eannot be effective
for the occasion. We then have the substitute
proposed by the committee of our own body.
Against that there is certainly this remark to
be made, that it is novel. I am not aware that
any such proposition has ever before been
brought forward. It has, therefore, to meet
the argument of novelty; but when you con-
sider it, certainly it has in its favor the great
argument of efficiency. If adopted, it will be
effective for the purpose. But then the ques-
tion remains behind, to which the Senator from
Maine has directed our attention, whether this
proposition of the committee is not something
more than even a novelty, whether,it is not a
departure perhaps from the just principles of
our institutions. I am not inclined to say that
it is anything more than a novelty. I admit
that it is such. It does invest the Government
with large and perhaps unprecedented powers
in order to meet a peculiar caSe where a strin-
gent remedy must be applied.
But, as the chairman of the Committee on
Commerce suggests to me, the powers are tem-
porary. I am not ready to say that such powers
cannot be intrusted to the Government. I be-
lieve they can be; but while I agree in that,
and am ready to vote for intrusting thesepowers
to the Government, yet, if I can have the atten-
tion of my friend, the chairman of the com-
mittee, I should like to ask him why these
powers are to be placed under the direction of
the Secretary of War rather, for instance, than
of the Secretary of the Treasury.
Mr. CHANDLER. They are placed jointly
in three Secretaries, the Secretary of War, the
Secretary of the Navy, and the Secretary of
the Treasury.
Mr. SUMNER. I do not mean to express
any decisive opinion on the question, but I
mean to call the attention of the Senate to it,
that it may go for what it is worth. The lan-
guage is:
That it shall be the duty of the Secretary of "War,
with t.he cooperation of the Secretary of the Navy
and the Secretary of the Treasury, whose concurrent
action shall be directed by the Commander-in-Chief
of the Army and Navy, to adopt an efficient and uni-
form system of Quarantine against the introduction
into this country of the Asiatic cholera through its
ports of entry, &c.
Mr. CHANDLER. With the permission of
the Senator, I will state that all the southern
cities are now guarded by United States sol-
diers, and naturally, those points being more
exposed, it would come more directly under
the Seeretai-y of Warthan any other Secretary.
The condition of things on the northern front-
ier is the same.
Mr. SUMNER. I proposed simply to call
attention to the point; I do not intend to pass
upon it myself; only I must say that on the
face of the proposition it does seem to me as.
if it was to make this proceeding for a quar-
antine a military transaction, as if it was to a
certain extent to continue military power for
this purpose. I cannot say that I have scruples
on that point; but still I am not disposed to
vote for such a proposition, at least without
fully considering, and I desire that the chair-
man of the committee should consider whether
it is expedient that this quarantine proceeding
shall be placed under the direct charge, man-
agement, and control of the military power, or
whether it shall bo placed where in times past
it has been, with the Treasury Department,
which has, as I need not remind the Senate,
the direction of the custom-house and of the
revenue, and also, I may say, the direction of
the revenue cutter which is the police power in
our harbors.
The question I ask is, whether the Depart-
ment which thus far has had charge of the police
of our liaroors, which controls the hospitals
there, to say nothing of the custom-house,
should not be intrusted with control with ref-
erence to the quarantine? Thus far it has had
