3444
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
Mr. PAINE. I desire to inquire of the gen-
tleman from "Vermont whether any change has
been made with reference to the tax on agri-
cultural implements.
Mr. MORRILL. The provisions of the' bill
oji that subject remain as fixed by the House.
Mr. BO LIT WELL. I desire to have a sep-
arate vote on the Senate amendment in regard
to the transfer of suits from State courts to
United States courts.
Mr. PRICE. Mr. Speaker, has a separate
vote been demanded upon the question of tax-
ing the circulation of the State banks ?
The SPEAKER. The gentleman fr#m Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevexs] has made some re-
marks upon that subject, explaining why he
asks the House to non-concur; but he has not
demanded a separate vote.
Mr. PRICE. Then I demand a separate
vote.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Understanding that the
Committee of Ways and Means have reported
in favor of non-concurrence with the Senate
amendment relating to the transfer of suits, I
withdraw the call for a separate vote.
Mr. WENTWORTH. Perhaps the House
would better understand the action of the com-
mittee if the chairman would make the general
announcement, that in no instance, where the
House overrode the committee on the bill as
originally reported, has the committee taken
the responsibility of overriding the House.
Mr. KASSON. Having demanded a sepa-
rate vote upon the question of the tax on cot-
ton, 1 desire now to say that I have learned
from the committee that it is the intention to
treat the'question in a liberal spirit in the com-
mittee of conference; and therefore, after con-
sultation with those who concur with me in
opposition to the tax as fixed by the House, I
withdraw my demand for a separate vote.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. 1 renew
the demand.
Mr. HART. I ask a separate vote on the
amendment in relation to cigars.
Mr. HALE. I desire to ask the chairman
of the Committee of Ways and Means whether
on every question upon which the House over-
ruled the committee the committee now ask a
separate vote.
Mr. MORRILL. I will say in reply to the
gentleman that the general purpose of the com-
mittee was to conform their action to the votes
of the House. The committee's recommenda-
tions to non-concur will be found to embrace
every important question in reference to which
the Senate and the House differ. I have in-
dicated every important question upon which
such difference exists.
Mr. WARD. Is it in order now, Mr. Speaker,
to move non-concurrence in one of the Senate
amendments?
The SPlflAKER. It is not. The gentleman
can demand a separate vote on any proposi-
tion ; and that will raise the question whether
the House shall concur or non-concur.
Mr. WARD. I wish to suggest to the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means that
he ask the House to non-concur in the amend-
ment proposed by the Senate to section sixty-
one.
Mr. MORRILL. I cannot do that, because
I am in favor of concurring.
Mr. WARD. I call for a separate vote, then,
on the Senate amendment to section sixty-one.
Mr. MORRILL. If all the amendments
have been specified on which gentlemen desire
separate votes I will call for the previous
question.
Mr. BITCKLAND. I desire to renew the
demand for a separate vote on the amendment
in reference to cotton.
The SPEAKER. That lias already been
reserved and will be the first vote taken.
Mr. ANCONA. I desire to know whether
the demand for a separate vote in reference to
ready-made clothing comprehends all the Sen-
ate amendments on that subject. If not, I ask
for separate vote on the amendment of the Sen-
ate increasing the tax from one to two per cent.
a4 valorem on ready-made clothing, &c.,  n4
a separate vote on the amendment, in refer-
ence to the exemption from tax, striking out
"work, exclusive of the materials, does not
exceed annually in value $1,000," and insert-
ing "annual product does not exceed $2,000."
I ask that separate votes shall be taken on
those two amendments.
The SPEAKER. Senate amendment num-
ber three hundred and twelve striking out one
per cent, and inserting two, is the only one
which has been reserved.
Mr. ANCONA. I demand a separate vote
on the other amendment to which I have re-
ferred. There is an amendment also in the
next section in regard to ready-made clothing
on which I demand a separate vote.
Mr. MORRILL. I demand the previous
question on all the amendments of the Senate.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, the firstand
perhaps most important item to be voted on is
that in reference to the tax on cotton. The
House by a large and positive vote fixed it
at five cents per pound; the Senate have
amended by reducing it from five to two cents
per pound, and from what I have seen and
heard there is a wide variance between the
House and the Senate on that subject. I trust,
however, the House will not feel disposed to
yield its position, as it appears to me that a
tax of five cents, if we have any, is not too
much. I would much prefer the tax to remain
as the House proposed, but at all events Ihope
we shall not consent to any thing less than three
or four cents per pound. I believe the reduc-
tion proposed by the Senate, besides working
a great injury to our industrial interests, would
make too great a reduction in the revenue of
the country. If we are to have the trouble of
collecting it, it is far better that it should be
as much as the House originally proposed. It
will make a sad hole in the revenue to reduce
tin; tax from five to three cents. I trust the
House will feel disposed to non-concur in the
amendment of the Senate.
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask him a single question ?
Mr. MORRILL. Certainly.
Mr. KASSON. Will it not make a sadder
hole in the prices to the consumers in this
country if the tax should be added to the cost
of the goods consumed in this country made
of cotton''
Mr. MORRTLL. No, sir; I think it will
add largely to the wealth of the United States,
give southern industry present profitable em-
ployment, and add a large item to our export
trade, which is greatly in want of something to
pay for the foreign goods. Our people seem
determined to purchase at any price. At the
present time we have nothing except gold
which foreign nations are willing to take. They
will take our bonds, not at par, but only at
sixty-six cents on the dollar. If wo can pass
a measure of this kind wo shall in a short time
increase our manufacture of cotton yarns and
other fabrics so as to double our exports. I
think it will materially increase the wealth and
better the financial condition of the country,
and that without injury to anybody.
Mr.'llAYMOND. I would like to know by
what amount the revenues will be decreased
by the Senate amendment reducing the tax
from five to two cunts.
Mr. MORRILL. The loss would be from
twenty-five to twenty-seven million dollars.
Mr. RAYMOND. How much if from five
to three cents?
Mr. MORRILL. About eighteen million dol-
lars. In relation to the tax on smoking-tobaeco,
the House is well 'aware that the present tax
is thirty-five cents per pound, and that after a
rather sharp contest on the subject the House
came to the conclusion, by a very decided ma-
jority, that it would fix thetax at twenty cents.
Mr. SCHENCK, By a very small majority.
Mr. MORRILL. A decided majority.
Mr. SCHENCK. By two majority the other
•way in Committee of th,s Whole, and by nine
in tkvor of it in the Hoijs.e,
Mr. MORRILL. Nine is a very decided
majority, and I think we can carry it by as
large a majority now, and we ought to by a
larger. If we are to tax the article at all, if
we are to get the princely revenue from it we
all so much covet, twenty cents per pound is
little enough. As it is, the cigar business
has suffered largely by the extensive use of
the cheaper pipes and more fashionable meer-
schaums. I trust, therefore, that the House
will non-concur with the Senate's amendment
in this respect.
In relation to cigars, I think the gentleman
from Ohio and those who acted with him at the
time will find that they are fully provided for;
that all the cheap cigars which his constituents
make or can make out of cheap tobacco such
as they produce will come in at the lowest rate
of duty; and the idea of putting the forty per
cent, ad valorem valuation on all their cigars
is one that is attended by very great difficulties,
not to say impossibilities. Now York cigar-
makers say it will be ruinous to every honest
cigar-maker in that city. All the officers that
are connected with the revenue are averse to it,
and declare that it is impossible that it can be
fairly and properly executed. The opinions
of these men ought to be weighed. I do not
hesitate to say, whether we follow their advice
or not, they have given the subject a great deal
of attention—and very likely more than any one
m this House.
Mr. STEVENS. I understood the gentle-
man to say that the committee intended to
move non-concurrence in the Senate's amend-
ment.
Mr. MORRILL. The committee do recom-
mend that in deference to the vote of the House,
while they have from the start and do now en-
tertain a contrary opinion.
Mr. STEVENS. Then the chairman of the
committee argues against it.
Mr. MORRILL. Yes, I do.
Mr. STEVENS. Then he had better leave
it open and let us discuss this whole question.
It is one of the most vital questions involved'
in this bill. If the gentleman's views prevail
the result will be to break up this whole inter-
est in four States. Coming, as the gentleman
does, from the top of the Green mountains,
he does not understand nor feel the importance
of this question.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
know if it is of any importance that the House
should hear what is going on. It is impossible
for those sitting aroufid me to hear a word that
is said.
The SPEAKER. Until the rain ceases it will
be difficult to hear. The Chair cannot arrest
the noise that comes from above. [Laughter.]
A Member. There is a good deal of noise
in the rear, made by parties that do not belong
to the House.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, if I do not
understand this subject it is not because I have
not sat at the feet of Gamaliel, [pointing to Mr.
Stevens.] I have studied it for years past side
by side with the gentleman, and I think I have
received as much instruction theoretically as
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, for 1 think
he possesses no practical information on the
subject; that is to say, he does not any more
than myself use the weed in any form.
Mr. STEVENS. I live where $2,000,000
worth of it is grown.
Mr. MORRILL. As far as I am concerned
I believe I am an impartial juror as between
the different sections of the country on this
subject of tobacco. My own State does not
to any great extent produce tobacco nor make
cigars. They consume them, however, but
do not care where they come from, and I am
unwilling to see the interest of any section of
the country sacrificed. Now, it does seem to
me that if the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Schexok] has the interest of his people taken
care of it ought not to make him miserable if
other parts of the country have theirs taken
care of.
Mr. SCflENCK._ I raise a question of or-
der. I pass by the imputation which has been
