1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3445
more than once made by the gentleman of
impropriety of motive on my part; but I wish
to know it' it is in order for the chairman of
the committee to report a recommendation of
non-concurrence with a Senate amendment,
and then rise to argue against his own report
and insist that his own report ought not to be
adopted. That is what he is doing.
Mr. MORRILL. I think that is a matter
of taste and not a question of order.
■ Mr. SCIIENCK. I think there is a point
of order involved, whether the chairman of the
committee shall be permitted to argue that the
House ought not to do that which the commit-
tee recommend.
The SPEAKER. The chairman of the
committee is the exponent of the committee,
but at the same time as a member of the House
he is at liberty to express his views, the same
as the chairman or a member of a conference
committee sometimes does, stating that he dis-
sents from the recommendation of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SCHEXCK. I put it on the ground of
false pretense.
Mr. MORRILL. Mr. Speaker, 1 desire to
treat, this matter with perfect, fairness, not
agreeing with the House, yet having sufficient
deference for the House to make the report of
the committee in accordance with the expressed
sentiment of the House. But differing with
the House, I think it is proper that I should
state the views, not only of myself, but of the
majority of the Committee of Ways and Means,
and there is no false pretense about it, as the
House was informed" at the outset that the
Committee of Ways and Means made its re-
port on this question as it did only in defer-
ence to the previous vole of the House—re-
serving the right to act on the question when
it came up according to their own judgment.
In relation to the question of allowing gas
companies to add their tax to the bills of the
consumers, I do believe that if members of the
House, nndei stood all the (acts of the eases to
- be affected by this legislation they would re-
gard it as a species of hardship and tyranny,
for which they would not be willing to be re-
sponsible, not to allow the tax to ho added.
Of course those companies not limited by law
have no interest in the question. Take, for
instance, the largest company which is to be
affected, the Manhattan Company, at Xew
York. They supply gas and are restricted
by their charter to S2 50 per thousand feel.
They are located in the-lower part of the city
where the buildings are mostly stores. These
stores consume but, little gas, not being open
like buildings in other portions of the city dur-
ing the night, and yet the same expcndituie,
has lo be made by the company for gas pipes.
Their sales are comparatively small on a large
outlay of capital. Take the case uf the Pitts-
burg company, which is restricted to seventy-
five cents per thousand feet for gas supplied to
the city and .-'->1 50 for gas supplied to other
consumers. Of take the case of the company
at Covington, where there is a similar restric-
tion.
Mr. UPSON. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the Senate's amendment discriminates
in relation to gas companies in that respect,
between those that are restricted by law and
those that are not.
Mr. MORRILL. It does. The Senate's
amendment simply applies to those that arc
under lcsral restrictions.
Mr. UPSOX. I understood, as it was read,
that it made no distinction between them.
Mr. MORRILL. Of course it could not apply
to any other: they would have the same liberty
to add the Lax that the man who makes boots
has. If they aie not restricted bylaw of course
there is no necessity of any action on the sub-
ject. If the House refuses to concur these
companies can only live by selling poor gas or
giving short measure. I do not think that a
desirable i esult.
Mi. Speaker, I do not desire to occupy
further time, and I will therefore yield to the
gentleinau from Illinois, [Mr. Wen'TWObth.J
Mr. WENTWORTH. Inorderthatthe House
may act .understanding!y upon this matter, I
will state the position taken by the Committee
of Ways and Means. ^Vc originally made a
report to the House, and the House, in some
few particulars, overrode us. Then when the
bill came back from the Senate we did not feel
at liberty, after having been overridden by the
House, to undo what the House had done. The
House had no representative on the commit-
tee, yet we, in every instance, brought back to
the'House its own action unprejudiced by any
action of our own. 'That is the reason why the
committee have felt at liberty to speak against
some of the measures which we reported in
favor of; it is bccause the committee wanted
to bring back to (he House its own action un-
prejudiced; and I do not well see how we could
have done differently. Everything that the
House putin the bill against the original re-
port of the committee comes right back here
just as the Limine sent it to the Senate.
Mr. MORRl Lb. I now yield to the gentle-
man from New York.
Mr GRISWOLD. I desire to express my
concurrence with the chairman of the Commit-
tee of Ways and Means with reference to the
recommendation of non-concurrence in the
Senate's amendment in regard to the tax on
cotton. When the subject was under discus-
sion in the House before, I took the liberty of
stating that I was iulormed that at twenty-five
cents per pound American cotton would be
used in England in preference to the, cotton of
any other country. Thegentleman from Mas-
sachusetts, a member of the Committee of
Ways and Means, [_Mr. llooi'mi,] demurred it)
the statement 1 then made. 1 desire now to
call his attention to my authority for what I
then said with reference to American cotton.
My authority is Mr. Walker, of Springfield, a
gentleman whose intelligence and integrity my
IVicnd from Massachusetts will not question.
He gave me a statement as coming from Sir
Edmund Potter, a member of Parliament for
Carlisle, one of the largest cotton printers in
Manchester and formcrpresident of the Cham-
ber of Commerce there. While Mr. Walker
was in England a few months since, having
gone there under the auspices of the Treasury _
Department for the express purpose of obtain-
ing information on this and kindred subjects,
Sir Edmund Potter said to him that at a shil-
ling a pound American cotton would be pre-
ferred to the cotton of any other country.
Now, in addition to that 1 desire the Clerk
to read an extract which I send to bis desk.
It is from the Loudon Economist of April 7,
18(>r>, and bears directly upon this point.
The Clerk icad as follows:
"They recommend a tax of fivo ecnts per pound
on cotton, to bo ' tevied and collected from the manu-
facturer' wlnre thccotton is worked up at,home.and
tVmn t!ie inert hunt at the port of export, whore it, is
sent awiivtvir u.vo ;ibro:id. They consider that this
tax would not nt alt dimim.di the consumption of
American cotton obioad ; the grower will, t hey think,
(and piobaljiy i i'-'htl.v) tie wit aide to pay thi; fax
and make a. cfood pi otit. bc-ides. The world will he
triad enough to fret American cotton at a rate which
wii! pay the tax to the Government and a fair pioltL
to the Krou ei."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I wish
to say to the gentleman from New York [Mr.
Gtuswou)] that I think his sources of infor-
mation are rather suspicious, for that infor-
mation comes from the other side of the water.
I can conceive of their being willing that we
should put ton cents per pound tax upon cot-
ton. In the remarks"I made the other day 1
said that the (-fleet of this high tax would be
to operate as a bounty to the growers of cotton i
in other countries. Crest, Britain has a large
interest in the growth of cotton in India. And
I can fancy that this great spinner referred to i
by the gentleman may be a spinner of the Bom-
bay cotton. And if ho gets his Bombay cot-
ton without any tax upon it, I can imagine that
he would be very glad lo see us put a heavy
tax on American cotton, and thus encourage
the growth of India cotton.
Mr. GRISWOLD. 1 will give the gentle-
man further evidence on that point. 1 desire
to call his attention to another fact corrobora-
tive of what I have stated. I find that from the
1st of January to the 19th of April, 1865, there
were imported into Great Britain 87,430 bales
of American cotton, while during the same
term in the present year there were imported
530,50.) bales. While the' increase during that
period of this year of the importation of cotton
from all countries was only forty-two per cent,
over the importation of the corresponding pe-
riod of last year, the increase in the exporta-
tion of American cotton was six hundred per
cent. This shows that the moment they could
get American cotton, the difference between
the amount of cotton imported from all other
sections of the world and the amount of cotton
imported from America was as forty per cent,
is to six hundred per cent.
Mr. l-IOOPEll, of Massachusetts. Might not
that be explained by the fact that about April,
18i)!"), the war in this country ceased, and tlio
cotton that had accumulated here became
accessible to purchasers?
Mr. GRISWOLD. Undoubtedly; and the
very moment they could obtain American cot-
ton they increased its importation over six hun-
dred percent., while they increased the impor-
tation of cotton from all other parts of the
world only about forty per cent. And we have
every reason to believe that Great Britain will
very gladly consume not less than three mil-
lion bales of American cotton, at a price notless
than twenty-five cents per pound. And at that
rate, 1 contend that no interest in this country
can as well pay a tax and contribute to the na-
tional revenue of this country as this cotton-
growing interest,. And L for one, hope that
the House will non-concur in the amendment
of the Senate.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Does the
gentleman from New York [Mr. Uriswomj]
know what, was the stock of American cotton
on hand for sale in proportion to the stock of
other cotton ?
Mr. GRISWOLD. ,In England?
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. Yes, sir.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I do not know.
Mr. KASSOX. I wish to say to the gen-
tleman from New Yoik [Mr. Giuswoi.n] that
1 think in his statement he has entirely over-
looked two things. One is, that the extraordi-
nary demands, or rather the relatively extraor-
dinary demands, of England for American cot-
ton arose in part fiom the fact, which everybody
knows, that they need a large portion of Amer-
ican cotton to mix with the other cotton they
use ; that the accumulation of American cotton
in England had become exhausted to a very
great, extent, during the war, and consequently
there was an extra demand for it, which they
supplied at the very first opportunity.
The other point to which I wish to call his
attention is, that by this proposition to tax cot-
ton live cents per pound upon all cotton, in-
cluding that manufactured in this country,
especially while withdrawing that tax from all
cotton goods exported to Europe, the, effect
upon the people of this country will be, that
while the entire tax will be charged upon the
consumers ill this country, the manufacturer
will have the entire margin of the gfeat draw-
back to enable him to undersell the foreign
manufacturers of cotton in Europe.
A Mumbiir. Will that hurt us?
Mr. KASSON. I will tell you who it hurts.
It hurts the people of this country who con-
sume the goods manufactured here, and who
must pay this entire tax, while the foreign con-
sumer of American goods can buy the same
manufactures at a price exempt from all tax.
And it hurls the exchange between this coum
try and foreign countries, because they can pro-
duce more chcaply than we can so far as regards
the cost of labor and machinery and chemicals,
&c. ; and thus the price of the article abroad
will be largely reduced below the price which
the people of this country will be required to
pav; and the profits of the manufacturers in
this country will come, not from the people of
foreign countries, but from our own people.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 desire to ask the gentle-
