1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
24-85
exclusive control with reference to the quar-
antine. We are now, to a certain extent, to
dispossess) it and put the War Department in
the front. If Senators arc disposed to do so ;
if my honorable friend, the chairman of the
committee, thinks, after having his attention
called to it, that upon the whole it is advisable
that the War Department should be put in the
front, and that the others should but follow up
ill the rear, I am not going to raise any ques-
tion, because I start with the idea that this bill
must be made effective for the purpose. I
believe the House bill cannot be effective for
the purpose; and 1 herefore Tarn ready to accept
the bill of the committee, if after having called
attention to this point the committee feel that
upon the whole it is advisable to proceed with
the bill in its present form.
Mr. MORRILL. I did not intend to do
more than to call the attention of the Senate
to the bill coming from the Committee on
Commerce, of which I happen to be a member.
Having dissented from the bill, I thought it was
perhaps advisable that I should state the dis-
tinction between the proposition which came
from the other House and that reported by the
committee. As the Senator from Massachusetts
apprehends, the measure proposed by the com-
mittee is a war measure. There is no question
of that. It addresses itself to the war power;
it seeks to find its authority nowhere else: and
I think it will be difficult for anybody to find an
authority so broad as is contemplated by it;
outside of the war power, with which, in the
last four or five years, we have become so
familiar. It proceeds on the idea of using the
war power; and in aid of the war power it puts
at the disposal of the Government the entire
means of the Treasury. They are not appro-
priated in so many words, but these Secretaries
are empowered to use all the mcaus at their
command. Of course that includes the mili-
tary and naval forces, and, in aid of them, the
resources of the Treasury.
I did not care to raise the questions which
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts has
so rightly apprehended. It was on account of
the extraordinary powers t,o which he has
referred that I shrank from the consideration
of the bill, I admit. I thought it inadvisable,
and I intimated some doubt about the power to
which the honorable Senator from Vermont has
so properly alluded. After a proclamation of
peace, which has come to us, the effcct of which
1 never could exactly understand, and which I
think it will be left to future historians and
commentators to define, and after peace has
come to us in a general way, why we should
pass a bill putting at the discretion of the Pres-
ident of the United States, through the Secre-
tary of War and the Secretary of the Navy, the
entire military and naval power of the country
to fight the cholera, is what I cannot exactly
comprehend as a question of constitutional
power. The measure reported by the commit-
tee, I say, proceeds upon that idea, and invokes
that authority, and does not find its authority
anywhere else.
My honorable friend from Vermont suggests
for my consideration that the authority is
clearly justifiable upon the ground of the de-
cision of the Supreme Court in the passenger
cases so familiar to the country and to the
Senate. But let me suggest to him whether
there is an analogy between the facts of the
cases. There we were proceeding under the
commercial authority of the Government—not
under the war power, but under the power to
regulate commerce. The fact, was, in those
cases, as the honorable Senator doubtless recol-
lects, that the States of New York and Mas-
sachusetts had imposed a tax of one dollar a
head upon persons who should be imported
into this country under the regulations of com-
merce prescribed by Congress. The United
States, in whom is the supreme authority over
questions of commerce, having regulated the
importation of such persons, of course the
States could not interpose. The States were
in direct conflict with the asserted and con-
ceded authority of the Government of the Uni-
ted States. That was a case not like this, of
war, but a case of commerce. I therefore
submit to my honorable friend whether the
cases are at all analogous, whether the facts
justify the comparison ; and I suggest to him
that this is more analogous to the license cases.
Under the authority of Congress importers
were authorized to import into this country
from abroad ardent spirits, and having brought
them in under the authority of Congress they
claimed the right to sell them, and they claimed
that the sale was authorized, and that under
their police powers the. States had no right to
interf.ve with the disposition which they should
ehoose to make; but there the court drew the
distinction between the authority of the State
and the authority of the General Government:
and whereas they said that over foreign com-
merce the jurisdiction of the General Govern-
ment is supreme and exclusive, yet when once
the foreign article hasbeen introduced within the
limits and jurisdiction of the State entirely, the
State may then apply to it its police regulations,
either of health, sanitary regulations, or what
not, and may impose such conditions and lim-
itations on the article so imported under the
authority of the Government of the United
States as the State, in its own judgment, hav-
ing exclusive jurisdiction of all matters of
police in its own State, shall determine to be
necessary for the protection of its own people.
Now, apply that doctrine to this case. We
are to fight Ihe cholera; where ? 1 concede
that we may fight it on our exterior limits,
either by weapons of war or through the agency
of the Treasury Department, as suggested by
the honorable Senator from Massachusetts;
but can you enter the States and fight it over
the railroads and the turnpikes and the com-
mon highways, and in the cities and the towns,
and visit the houses and take possession of all
the cities and towns in any district of country?
For that is what is implied in cordons for san-
itary purposes. You absolutely for the time
being have the custody socially, politically, civ-
illy, economically, in every sense which is inti-
mate, of the entire American people, houses,
lanes, streets, everything as perfectly as the
police regulations of the several States and
the cities and towns. Can you do that? If
so under what power ? If we were in a state
of war, there is nothing which we could not do
against a foreign enemy. I doubt whether we
can do it against an enemy such as the cholera ;
but against the enemy that, invades, you can
do any or all of these ; but can you do any one
of them in this case under the war power? I
question very much whether it can be done.
Certainly it cannot be done under the authority
suggested here, under the power to regulate
commerce. The cholera is not commercial in
its character; it is pervasive, and it invades
everywhere and knows no Federal or local lines.
I agree with my honorable friend from Ver-
mont that it knows no State boundaries nor any
boundary whatever.
My honorable friend from Vermont suggested
—I do notkuow that he meant to be committed
to it—something about the general welfare.
Whether lie intends to draw the authority for
this bill from that provision of the Constitution
which speaks of the general welfare, I do not
know. I hardly think there is anything in the
history of the country which authorizes so
broad an interpretation of that provision of
the Constitution. But the answer to that sug-
gestion would be that this bill does not proceed
on that idea. Suppose, however, that any spe-
cific authority couldbe drawn, or ever had been
drawn, from the phrase of the Constitution rel-
ative to the general welfare, which I am not
aware there ever was, would anybody contend
that, under the language of the Constitution
m regard to providing for the general welfare,
a general system for doctoring the American
people against cholera, for that is what it is,
couldbe provided by Congress? The power
involved in this bill assumes, if it is effect-
ive, to go the whole extent of doctoring the
American people upon the great emergency of
the cholera, providing dry and wet nurses of all
descriptions, medicines, .sanitary regulations,
cordons, and what not; there is no limitation.
Whatever is needed to be done in the premises
to prevent the introduction of cholera, and
control it after it is here, is to be done by
authority of the General Government, by phy-
sicians, by police regulations, &c. Whatever
may be done, may be done, and is to be done,
in contemplation of this bill, by authority of
the General Government.
So much for the authority. I rose in the first
place simply to suggest what was obvious upon
the reading of the two measures, that the prop-
osition of the House of Representatives pro-
ceeded upon the idea of the General Govern-
ment doing something in aid of the State insti-
tutions which already exist, sanitary and other-
wise, in the several States, as it very properly
may to render those local and State institutions
effective. There are a thousand ways in which
that may be done. The Government has now
in all the States a groat variety of hospital stores
and other stores which might very properly be
delivered over to the State authorities. In that
way the aid of the Government might be very
efficient; but I have no faith at all in the opera-
tion of the measure reported by our committee.
If you take the matter out of the hands of the
State authorities; if you undertake to inaugu-
rate a system here at Washington which is to
supplant their regulations and be independent
of them, 1 have no belief that you will render
the scheme efficient. That is my difficulty.
Mr. EDMUNDS. Mr. President 
Mr. SHERMAN. I must interpose and call
for the regular order of business. This debate
is evidently going to be much longer than was
till Cl CI V) fit Q (1 •
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The unfin-
ished business having been laid aside inform-
ally, is liable to be called up at any moment.
POST OFFICE APPROPRIATION BILL.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (H. R. No. 2S0) making appropriations for
the service of the Post Office Department dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30, 1867, and
for other purposes, the pending question being
on the amendment of Mr. Tkumbull, to add
the following as an additional section to the
bill:
Sun.—. And be it further enacted, That no person
cxereising; or performing, or undertaking to exercise
or perform, t'no duties of any office which by law is
required to be filled by the advice and consent of the
Senate, shall, before confirmation by tho Senato
receive any salary or compensation for his servie&s,
unless such person be commissioned by the President
to fill up a vacancy which has happened by death,
resignation, or expiration of terra, daring the recess
of the Senate and since its last adjournment.
Mr. WILSON". Mr. President, the country
clearly understands why the amendment pro-
posed by the Senator from Illinois upon this
bill is moved. It grows out of an apprehen-
sion, of which there are significant signs, that
executive patronage is to be used to influence
the action of the country, to influence the pub-
lic sentiment upon the great question of recon-
struction. It seems to me that it is legitimate
and proper upon this proposition that the action
of the President, tho condition of the country,
and the relations of the men who made him
President of the United States should now be
discussed.
I propose, Mr. President, to notice very briefly
one or two of the observations made yester-
day by the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. Doo-
mttle] and by the Senator from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Cowan.] The Senator from Pennsylva-
nia set out with the declaration that the Presi-
dent had been charged by me with a betrayal of
the Republican party. When I indicated to
him that I had made no such charge, the Sen-
ator repeated it and reasserted it. Sir, the
record shows that I made no such charge against
the President of the United States. I have
endeavored at all times and on all occasions,
in public and in private, to prevent any dis-
agreement between the President and Congress,
any disruption of the ties which bound him to
the men who brought him into power.
A year ago, within thirty days after tho assas-
