1526
THE CONGRESSIOKjL GLOBE
March 20,
■which this bill proposes to legalize were at the
time of their commission offenses against the
law and the Constitution.
Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from
Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Mr. COOK. I demand the previous question.
Mr. THIMBLE. I hope that the gentleman
■will not insist on that.
Mr. COOK. I must insist.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
enrolled bill signed.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a bill of the
following title ; when the Speaker signed the
same :
A bill (S. No. 54) to amend an act entitled
"An act to incorporate the national military
and naval asylum for the relief of the totally
disabled officers and men of the volunteer
forces of the United States."
excise tax on cigars.
Mr. PAINE, by unanimous consent, pre-
sented a joint resolution of the Legislature of
"Wisconsin in reference to a modification of the
excise tax upon cigars; which was referred to
the Committee of Ways and Means.
jreedjien's bureau.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the Secretary of War,
transmitting, in compliance with a resolution
of the House, report of the Commissioner of
the Freedmcn's Bureau of all orders, &c., from
that bureau ; which was referred to the com-
mittee on freedmen, and ordered to be printed.
habeas corpus again.
Mr. COOK. I yield to the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. McKee] twenty minutes of the
hour to which I am entitled, under the rules,
to close the debate.
Mr. MeKEE. Mr. Speaker, I only desire to
make a few remarks on this bill because it is
one which peculiarly affects the interests of my
own people, those who during the war of the
rebellion stood up in behalf of the United
States.
Now, sir, I admire the coolness and sincerity
with which the gentleman from New Jersey
[Mr. Rogers] who sits in my rear, pledges to
this House the support of the Democratic party
to all measures necessary to secure all the rights
and privileges of the soldiers. I am glad to
hear that declaration made that the Democratic
party are willing in all time to come to pass all
laws deemed neccssary for the protection of
those who engaged in the defense of the coun-
try. But the great difficulty lies right here.
Since the beginning of the war the Democratic
party has never decided anything was necessary
to procure and guaranty protection for those
engaged in crushing out treason.
What does this bill propose? Merely to
allow those men who during the war have acted
under orders from superior officers, from the
President of the United States down to depart-
ment commanders, and who have committed
any acts which could be recognized under the
laws of a State as illegal, to be protected in
tho performance of a duty which they were
required to perform under their oath mustering
them into the Federal Army. The question
is whether we shall protect them from mali-
cious persecution instituted and carried on in
the several States by those who never had the
interest of the country at heart, and who have
taken every opportunity to assail, annoy, and
trouble the soldiers of the Federal Army. It
is a bill, sir, to give them that protection which
the Government owes to them. I say that the
Government is worthless nnless it protects
those men to whom it intrusted its own pro-
tection, and who saved it from the deadly stroke
of treason. This simply protects them in the
courts of the United States because the State
courts have refused and do refuse to give that
protection to these men. I contend, sir, that
it is the peculiar province of the Government
of the United States in its own courts to guar-
anty that protection to the officers and sol-
diers who served in any capacity in its service
during the rebellion. There is where they
are most likely to have their rights protected.
There is where local prejudices are frowned
down.
Mr. Speaker, in my own State law do we
find the case existing to-day. And the same
rule which applies to that State applies all over
the country where the theater of war has been,
or will as soon as martial law is removed.
There to-day we have upon the records of ihe
State courts the enormous amount of thirty-
fi_ye hundred suits against Federal officers and
soldiers upon the civil and criminal dockets,
brought by the men who, during the late war,
stood arrayed against the Government. They
are harassing, annoying, and even driving out
of the State the men who stood true to the flag
by suits under the legislation and judiciary
rulings of Kentucky. There no protection is
guarantied to a Federal soldier. I hold in my
hand a letter received this morning, one of
forty on the same subject, in which it is stated
suit has been brought against an officer for
pressing a horse under the order of the depart-
ment commander, and that he has been con-
victed, the judge instructing the jury that even
the President could not protect him from lia-
bility to the owner of the horse for its value.
In the same court, and within the same week,
in the cases brought there against a man who
had been an officer in the rebel army, who had
gone through the same country with these raid-
ing bands of John Morgan, and had taken ten
horses, the same judge instructed the jury that
being a belligerent, and waging war against the
United States, they could not find against him,
that he had a right to do this act under the war
power.
That is the rule in Kentucky, except in one
solitary district, and the Legislature at its last
session inaugurated means of removing that
judge, simply because lie dared to carry out
this act of the Federal Congress. •
This is the state of the case in my own State.
It is all very well for gentlemen to talk about
letting by-goncs to be by-gones, allowing all
these things to pass, and letting the dead bury
their dead. Sir, we want none of these hitter
and malicious feelings that have been brought
on our country for the last four years to be
stirred up anew. It is a very beautiful theory
to say, "Letit all pass; let us forget every act
that has been done." Tt will do very well for
men that have been waging war against the
country to destroy our institutions to ask that
all their acts be forgotten. But the disloyal
people are not willing to forget what the sol-
diers of the Federal Army have done even to
sustain the flag and the honor of the country.
In my own State they preach the doctrine of
forgetting all the past; and yet the moment a
man returns to Kentucky from the southern
confederacy, which has been crushed out, heat
once seizes upon the first opportunity to harass
in the courts of the State those who during the
war have been engaged in defending the flag
against the enemies of the country.
Now, sir, the act to which this is an amend-
ment is called an act to suspend the writ of
habeas corpus guarantying indemnity in cer-
tain cases to officers of the Army of the United
States. The first section of this act, which the
gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers]
characterizes in so odious language, is simply a
reiteration of a section in the original act. It
simply provides:
That any search, seizure, arrest, or imprisonment
made, done, or committed, or any acts omitted to be
.done durm? said rebellion by an officer or person
under and by virtue of any order, written or verbal,
general or special, issued by any military officer of
t h e United States holding the command of the depart-
ment, district, or place within which such seizure,
search, arrest, or imprisonment was made, done, or
committed, or any acts were so omitted to be done,
either by the person or officer to whom the order is
addressed, or by any other person aiding or assisting
him therein, &c.
It only extends it to that class who are aid-
ing and assisting. And the original act was
passed by a vote of 90 to 30. I do not know
how these gentlemen who now sit here on this
side voted then, but I have no doubt that then
they were, as now, willing to extend all the
protection they-deemed necessary, and that
they did not deem that there was any necessity
to have protection extended.
Now, sir, no man who has served in the
Federal Army, or who has executed an order
from a department commander, or even from
the President of the United States, or at the
command ofthe " tinkling bell" that the gentle-
man from New Jersey talks about, is protected
or can be protected in the State of Kentucky.
No matter who issues that order, even the Pres-
ident of the United States, the State courts
have universally held that it is no protection
to him; while at the same time they hold, as
I have already stated, that those who made war
against this Government are protected against
prosecution for whatever acts they have done
while marching under treason's banner.
These.are the facts, and it is the duty of the
Government to provide this remedy. If the
State courts will not give protection, then it is
incumbent on the Congress of the United States
to provide it in the courts of the United States.
This bill allows appeals to be taken from the
State to the Federal courts. The gentleman
on the other side says this is all wrong, to
strip the State courts of the right that prop-
erly belongs to them. The State courts of
Kentucky have decided this act unconstitu-
tional. They have allowed no appeal to be
taken. Therefore we propose by this bill that
appeals may be taken independent of that fact.
My own State Legislature, at its recent session,
passed an act which provided that an appeal
might be taken from the decision of any court
which authorized a transfer of a case from a
State to a Federal court, thus overriding tho
jurisdiction of the courts of the United States
by simple legislative enactment of a State.
A man who has been a soldier in the Federal
Army returns to my own State under an order
from the Secretary of War, sanctioned and
ratified by the President of the United States.
He is allowed to carry back with him, if he
chooses, those arms that he has borne in de-
fense of his country; and upon the information
of any man there, he is brought up before a jus-
tice of the peace and fined five dollars, and the
gun which he has paid for and has carried
through the war is taken from him and confis-
cated. That is part of the law of Kentucky to-
day, and it is against such evils as this, against
such acts on the part of the Legislature, dis-
criminating in favor of treason and against
loyalty, that this act is "intended to provide.
We ask it as a protection to those men who
periled their all in defense of the rights of onr
country. . We ask it in favor of that gallant
band of heroes who, all through these border
States, left their homes and sacrificed every-
thing they had in order to save this country,
and now at the end of the struggle they are told
there is no protection for them. Is this the part
this great Government intends to play? Is this
the way she intends to reward her scarred and
war"-worn veterans ; at the end of the struggle
turn them over to the tender mercies of those
who sought the life of the nation?
Mr. SMITH. I would ask my colleague, as
I am suffering a great deal from my lungs, and
cannot well speak, if he remembers the case
of Reid and Lenan, at Alexandria, in my dis-
trict, and the circumstances under which those
two Federal officers were put in jail, to refer
to that case and give the facts.
Mr. McKEE. I am obliged to my colleague
for the reference. I wanted to refer to that
case, and it comes in here very appropriately.
The gentleman from New Jersey [Mr. Rogers]
has talked about arrests and imprisonmentswith-
out warrant of law. To-day the only two men in
the State of Kentucky who are confined for
offenses committed during the war are soldiers
who served the Federal Government from the
time the first gun was fired until the close of
the rebellion. They  re shut up under an in-
dictment found by a grand jury composed of
