1866.
THE OOJSTGEESSIONAL GrLOBl.
men who during the war were engaged in trea-
son, and a part of whom were confined at
Camp Chase, in Ohio. They are shut up in
jail for carrying out the orders of the depart-
ment commander of the State of Kentucky.
That is the only case in which men are im-
prisoned to-day in the State of Kentucky for
offenses committed during the war.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Dolunder-
stand my colleague to say that those are the
only two Federal officers who have been con-
fined?
Mr. McKEE. I say they are the only two
men who were in either the Federal Army or
the rebel army who are now in prison.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Does not the
gentleman recollect the cases of Colonel Wool-
ford, one of the most loyal men in the State of
Kentucky, an original Union man, who raised
the first troops for the defense of the Federal
Government, andofLieutenantColo ,el Jacobs?
Mr. McKEE. I answer my colleague that I
remember those cases well. Colonel Woolford
was shut up in prison for a violation of one of
the Articles of War laid down and sanctioned
by this body. He was arrested on that charge
by order of the President.
I remember, also, the case of Lieutenant
Colonel J aeobs, who was arrested while war was
flagrant, because he had made declarations in
a public, speech which the commander of that
department deemed and believed had a tend-
ency to excite to rebellion. My statement is
that to-day, when the war has ceased and gen-
tlemen arc saying here that there is not an
armed rebel in the whole country, the only two
men in prison in the State of Kentucky for
offenses committed during the war are men
who served in the Federal Army.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. "Will my
colleague state for what offenses Colonel Wool-
ford and Lieutenant Colonel Jacobs were im-
prisoned?
Mr. McKEE. The one for violating one of
the Rules and Articles of War, and the other for
uttering in a public speech language which the
commander of the department deemed disloyal.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. In regard
to Colonel Woolford, what Article of War'did
he violate ?
Mr. McKEE. That which forbids speak-
ing disresp 'Ctfully of the President of the
United States.
Mr. HAIIDIXG, of Kentucky. The Presi-
dent himself did not so regard it, and ordered
his release.
Mr. McKEE. We all know that the late
President of the United States was a very good-
hearted man. I might state a little bit of his-
tory here. 1 went to the prison in the city of
Lexington, where Colonel Woolford was, and
saw him, and he said that lie was sorry if he
had done any wrong and that he desired to be
loyal and true to his country, and meant no
wrong. I went one hour from that time to the
commander of the department and he released
him without any order from the President.
His release was a matter left to the discretion
of the department commander, through the
provost marshal general of said department.
Mr. HARDING', of Kentucky. Let me say
a word on that point.
Mr. McKEE. My colleague will excuse me.
We are not discussing the past We are dis-
cussing the remedy for the present. My state-
ment applies to to-day, when war has ceased,
and not to men who were shut up when war
was flagrant.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman's twenty
minutes have expired.
Mr. CONKLING. Has the morning hour
expired?
The SPEAKER. It has; but the House is
executing the order that the main question be
now put.
Mr. COOK. I will now yield to the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Garfield] for a moment
or two.
Mr. GARFIELD. I wish to state m con-
firmation of what the gentleman who just ad-
dressed the House [Mr. McKeb] has declared,
that a ease has lately come under my notice
from his district of a soldier who served under
me in that very district in 1861 and 1862, and
who, under my orders, assisted in capturing a
band of guerrillas and taking a body of rebels
with arms in their hands and mounted on
horses with the brand of the confederate States
on their sides. That man is now indicted
before the court, and held to answer for taking
the property of these rebels by command of
the officers of the United States. He is wait-
ing to have his case tried, and if he should be
taken before judges who were in sympathy with
the rebellion, as many of them are, he will
no doubt be, by the laws and rules of that
court, punished for his obedience to orders in
assisting in capturing the property of rebels
with arms in their hands. And there are innu-
merable cases like that arisingin that country.
Now, one thing more, and 1 have done.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. Will the
gentleman yield to me for a question ?
Mr. GARFIELD. I cannot yield even for
a question, for I hold the floor, merely to make
a statement, by the courtesy of the gentleman
from Illinois, [Mr. Cook.]
Now let me say one thing further. Let me
quote the remark of that distinguished man,
late a Senator of the United States, now dead—
Mr. Collamer—made by him at tile Baltimore
convention. When he was asked to introduce
some resolution expressive of the right of the
people to be tried by the civil courts, and not
by the military, he replied, " Let us as soon as
possible try to take some course that shall not
make many things which have been done dar-
ing the war precedents for the future." I have
no doubt that many things were done, many
trials were had, which could not be sustained
in the courts of the United States. And here
is the place to pass an act of indemnity to cover
all the action of the oflicers of the Government
which were done for the general good, and by
authority or order of the President of the Uni-
ted States.
I am very glad that the distinguished gen-
tleman from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] has the
courage to ask that this principle shall be ap-
plied to his State, and that we shall apply it to
all the States of the Union, in order to shield
every man who in the hour of our danger took
some steps which perhaps the Constitution did
not exactly warrant. T hope this bill will pass.
Mr. COOK. I yield now to the gentleSnan
from Kentucky, [Mr. Smith.]
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Speaker 
Mr. HARDING, ofKentucky. Will my col-
league [Mr. Smith] yield to me to ask a ques-
tion in order to bring out the facts of the case
referred to by the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Gakfieli)?]
Mr. SMITH. I will yield, for I am always
in favor of letting the truth come out.
Mr. HARDING, ofKentucky. Willthe gen-
tleman from Ohio state the name of the man
he says is now indicted?
Mr. GARFIELD. I respect the brave man
too much to do anything which will set the
blood-hounds of secession on his track.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. _ Will the
gentleman state the court where the indictment
has been found?
Mr. GARFIELD. I shall give the gentle-
man and his friends no clue by which they can
put in jeopardy the life and security of my
friend.
Mr. HARD TNG, of Kentucky. One other
question.
Mr. SMITH. I can yield no further; I will
now resume the floor. I had intended a few
days ago to occupy some of the time of this
House upon this subject; but I am not now in
a condition to do so. I cannot, however, allow
the occasion to pass without making one or two
remarks in regard to what some men whom I
know have suffered in Kentucky.
I wish to state en passant that the two men
who were arrested and tried at the Alexandria
court in the sixth district of Kentucky, were
arrested for obeying an order issued by Gen-
eral Palmer, in the latter part of September,
1865. That order was that those two men, offi-
cers of the Union army, should go into the
county of Campbell, and while preserving the
peace and the dignity of the election, they
should prevent any man who had been expa-
triated by the Legislature of Kentucky from
exercising the elective franchise. It was pro-
vided by a law of Kentucky, in force at thai
time, that those who had given aid and com-
fort to the rebellion, and who refused to return
to their allegiance within sixty days ^fter the
passage of that bill, should not be allowed to
vote. That law was in force until last winter.
That class of men had threatened to take pos-
session of the polls and defeat the Union can-
didates, in order that they might control the
destinies of the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
The war was over, and thousands of those
men had returned, under the terms of surren-
der granted by General Grant to General Lee,
and with the permission of the President of the
United States. I remember distinctly on one
occasion when I was addressing the people in
my own district, that twenty-five of these men
with their arms were present, and they swore
that on the day of election no Abolitionist and
no Republican should vote for me.
When these Union officers were arrested and
carried before the court at Alexandria, they
pleaded that they were only obeyi*g orders
emanating from the President of the United
States and officers in command over them.
That the court overruled. The second plea
they made was that an appeal should be taken
to the Federal court. The judge ruled that
there was but one appeal known in the Com-
monwealth of Kentucky, and that was to the
supreme court of that State. They were there-
fore tried in that court. The jury, all of them*
secessionists, all of them rebels, some of them
having been in the rebel army, fined those men
$4,000 apiece; and one of them was fined
$2,000 for arresting a man who had been
charged with being a guerrilla, carrying him
in a carriage fifteen miles to Newport, and keep-
ing him at his house twelve hours, when he was
released, the evidence not sustainingthe charge.
Those men refused to pay the fines, were car-
ried to jail, but they went there as they had
gone through four years of war under the flag
of the country and with their comrades around
them. Those who had charge of them dare
not put them in a cell, but gave them a com-
fortable upper chamber, where they were vis-
ited by their friends, ladies and gentlemen, and
where they were fed well. At last, under a writ
of habeas corpus, they were taken to Louisville
and released on bail.
Now, sir, it is for the protection of such men
that this bill should be passed. If Kentucky
prefers to give protection to rebels the United
Slates should give protection to the Union
people of the country. Sir, I know that in an-
other county of that State the grand jury in-
dicted every Union judge, sheriff, and clerk
of the election of August, 1805. In addition
to that every loyal man who had been in the
Army and had, under the order of his super-
ior officer, taken a horse, was indicted. On the
other hand, in eases where Union men made
charges and offered their witnesses, not a single
case was called, not a single indictment was
found.
Sir. let me mention another fact, because,
probably, this is the only way in which the
truth of history can be exhibited. The last
Legislature of Kentucky turned out a Senator
from my district, a gentleman who had been
elected by 1,150 majority in two counties. But
he was not expelled till the expatriation^ law
had been repealed and the rights of citizen-
ship fully and completely restored to all the
returned rebels of the State. When he re-
turned home he began to canvass his district.
a meeting was called to be held in the evening
at a prominent school-house in that county.
He was met, upon the tlireshhold by forty or
fifty men, one of whom took him by the hand.
That man, it was accidentally discovered, held
under his coat a bowie-knife with which he
was about to stab that gentleman, Senator T.
