1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1stSess.
Report of the Postmaster General.
Senate & Ho. of Rbp,s.
The number containing stamps and articles
of small value was 8,289 ; and of unpaid and
misdirected letters 160,215.
The number of ordinary dead letters returned
to the writers was 1,188,599, and the number
not delivered was 297,304, being about twenty-
three per cent, of the whole. Of those not de-
livered, less than four per cent, were refused
by the writers.
The number of foreign letters returned was
167,449, and the number received from foreign
Countries was 88,861. For additional particu-
lars see appendix.
In the last report the attention of Congress
was called to the expediency of restoring pre-
paid letters-to the owners free of postage. The
measure, is again commended, with the addition-
al suggestion that letters be forwarded, at the
request of the party addressed, from one post
office to another without extra charge.
The number of letters conveyed in the mails
during 1863 is estimated at 467,591,600. Of
these, 4,368,087 were returned to the dead let-
ter office, including 566,097 Army and Navy let-
ters, the non-delivery of which was not charge-
able to the postal service, they having passed
beyond its control into the custody of the
military and naval authorities. Deducting
1,156,401 letters returned to writers, or held as
valuable, the total number lost or destroyed was
2,352,424, or one in every two hundred mailed
for transmission and delivery. Fully three
fourths of the letters returned as dead fail to
reach the parties addressed through faults of the
Writers, so that the actual losses from irregu-
larities of service and casualties, ordinary and
incidental to the war, did not exceed one in
every eight hundred of the estimated number
intrusted to the mails.
The returns of dead letters from cities are
largely in excess of proportions based upon
population. To them special efforts have been
directed to secure the most efficient service, and
it is believed improvements in operation, chiefly
that of free delivery, will diminish the number
of undeliveredletters at offices in densely popu-
lated districts.
The number of applications for missing let-
ters was 8,664, an increase of 3,552 over pre-
vious year. A misapprehension prevails in re-
garding the dead letter office as a depository
for the safe-keeping of undelivered letters, and
not as the agent for their final disposal; to cor-
rect which the regulations are appended.
The amounts deposited in the Treasury under
act of 3d of March last were—
On account of sales of waste paper S9.420 G7
Unclaimed dead-letter money 7,7ii 70
$17,143 37
Less than twenty-five per cent, of advertised
letters are delivered. In some of the larger
offices the proportion does not exceed fifteen
per cent. The payment of two cents fur each
letter advertised involves a yearly expenditure
of about $60,000 for letters returned as dead to
the Department. Measures have been adopted
to reduce the expense, and the advertising is
now secured at one half the rate allowed by
law. An obstacle to this economy is found in
the law requiring the list of letters to be pub-
lished in newspapers of largest circulation,
which should be repealed, and the mode of ad-
vertising left to the discretion of the Postmaster
General.
POSTAL MONEY-ORDER SYSTEM.
The number of offices is 419. including those
in the Pacific States and Territories, and some
of the principal offices in the southern States,
Orders have been issued for putting into oper-
ation fifty-live additional offices.
The number of money orders is-mod during the year
vrns 7-1,277, of Che value oi  '..£1,360,122 52
The number paid was "iU.573, of ihe value
  $1,231,71)2 22
Add-amount ropdd to pur-
rhpsors    —l.fSl 8(>
cu"3 lb    1,313,.">77 08
The number of duplicate orders was 422. Of
these, 355 were issued to replace originals lost
in the mails; 63 invalidated by age; and 3 by
illegal indorsements.
The receipts were:
Fees on original orders ?11,402 95
Fees oa duplicate orders  7105
Premiumson exchange  1 50
11,536 40
The expenditures were:
Commissions to postmasters $2,226 27
Clerk-hire  8,350 72
Books and stationery  5,225 00
Premiums on drafts  71 70
Miscellaneous, including furniture
and fixtures 2,690 68
  18,584 37
Excess of expenditures $7,0-17 97
Amount outstanding 
sj!6,515 t-t I
This deficiency has been provided for by the
appropriation of $100,000 of May last, leaving
unexpended $92,952 03 applicable to any de-
ficiency of the current year; and as the pro-
ceeds of the system will hardly equal the ex-
penditures until it is more generally established,
it is recommended that any balance remaining
at the close of the present may be applied to
the deficiency of the next fiscal year.
The maximum amount of money orders is
$30, which may be judiciously increased to $50,
and the restriction to sums not less than one
dollar removed, retaining the present minimum
fee.
Under the law, the owner of a lost certifi-
cate, to obtain a duplicate, must furnish a state-
ment, under oath or affirmation, of its loss or
destruction, and procure from the postmaster
by whom it was payable a certificate that the
order has not ana will not be paid. These re-
quirements work a hardship to the party, in
that they compel him to pay the customary fee
to the officer administering the oath, the cost of
a revenue stamp affixed to that oath, and the
payment of a second fee forthe duplicate order.
The loss of orders is seldom chargeable to any
neglect of the owners, and postmasters should
be authorized to administer oaths in cases of
loss, and issue duplicate orders without charge.
The law would be further improved by ex-
tending the time within which the order may bo
paid to six months, the period now allowed, of
ninety days, being too limited forthe necessary
correspondence between distant points.
Losses have occurred to the amount of S645
by reason of the carelessness of remitters, the
burning of steamers, and other causes, not
chargeable to the system.
MIseilLL.VNUOUS.
It will be seen by reference to the accompany-
ing report of the Auditor of the Treasury for
this Department, to whieli the special attention
of Congress is invited, that the estimated amount
of claims of contractors and others residing in
the southern States, chiefly those lately in in-
surrection, for services rendered previous to
the rebellion, is not less than one million dol-
lars. Many of these claims have been presentecf,
but none paid, under a rule adopted early in
the war, of not paying claims to parties known
to be ongagedmaidingtlierebellion. Theques-
t.ions connected with this subject, applying alike
to this and other executive branches of the
Government, they are respectfully referred to
the determination of Congress.
Balances were due from southern postmasters
at the outbreak of the rebellion amounting _to
§369.027 87, few of which have been paid.
Means are being employed, through courts and
other agencies, to collcct the amounts due to
the Government.
The closing of the war brought with it tho
necessity of restoiing the postal service in the
southern States. No time was lost in offering
to the citizens of those States all the facilities
which they were in condition to accept. Spe-
cial agents were appointed to assist in the work
of restoration. Theprovisionalgovernoi s were
notified of the readiness of the Department to
appoint postmasters upon their recommenda-
tion. Thcv were also advised of its desire to
put the_mails on all the_ railroads within their
respective States as soon as informed by them
that the joads were ready to carry them, and
the_ companies proper parties to intrust with
their transportation. All applications for car-
rying the mails on land and water routes have
been considered, and the service ordered at
such rates of compensation as could be agreed
upon.
_ Anticipating that the revenues from mail ser-
vice in the South would be for some time con-
siderably less than they were previous to the
war, the necessity of reduced rates of com-
pensation, and in many instances of reduced
service, was obvious. This required new clas-
sifications of rates of payment to rail and wa-
ter, and modifications of pay and service on
land routes. "Considerable reductions have
been made in the maximum compensation to
the first two classes of service, as the tables
hereto appended exhibit. The reasonable-
ness of these reductions has generally been
appreciated by the contractors, and the mails
are being transported by rail under contract
till the expiration of the current fiscal year.,
and by water till the 30th of June, 18G9.
Greater difficulties have been encountered on
the land routes, although the maximum rates
adjusted by the amount of service to be per-
formed are equal to the average of compensa-
tion allowed previous to the rebellion, except
on certain routes where the former pay was
excessive, and has been reduced.
Although the service has been restored in each
of the southern States, it is not so general as
the Department has desired and the wants of
the citizens require, becausc of the difficulty of
procuring contractors andpostmasters who can
take the oath prescribed by the acts of July 2,
1862, and March 3, 1863, requiring uniform loy-
alty to the Government during the rebellion as
the condition of holding office and for the con-
veying of the mails.
Appended hereto is a circular letter, ad-
dressed to the special agents of the Department,
embodying the principles on which the postal
service is being restored in the South.
The Post Office Department was established
on the principle of defraying its expenses out
of its revenues. Its financial history showsthat
its annual lcceipts have rarely equaled its ex-
penditures. During the last year there was a
surplus of revenue, a result the more gratifying
becauseuopartof the appropriation for franked
matter has been drawn upon. Cut so favorable
a result cannot, be anticipated for the current
year, ill consequence of the expenditures inci-
dent to restoring the service in the southern
States, which promise proportionately small
receipts because of the confused condition of
the commercial and industrial interests within
those Slates. It is hoped, however, that this
unhappy condition will be but temporary, and
that under their improved auspices as free com-
munities, their contributions to the postal rev-
enue will soon exceed any in their past history.
Although, in view of the financial wants of
the Government and thelarge demand for postal
expenditures in the southern States, this Depart-
ment could but deem unwise any present re-
duction of domestic postage, it appreciates the
duty of the Government to lessen all postage
rates to the minimum of not preventing the
Depart meut to support itself from its revenues,
and it perceives no reason why, in a few years,
with our rapidly increasing prosperity, aided
by judicious legislation, a reduction may not
be made to the maximum letter rate adopted
by Great Britain with such beneficent results.
Moreover, the hope is indulged that the expe-
rience of European Governments will concur
with that of this, in favor of an early reduction
of the present high rates of international post-
age, which are greatly disproportioned to the
necessary cost of the intermediate land and
ocean transportation, and serious obstacles to
postal intercourse, commercial and social, be-
tween this country and all parts of Europe.
Among the many remarkable facts illustrat-
