3448
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 27,
terson, Perham, Pike, Price. William H. Randall,
Raymond, Alexander H. Rice, Rollins, Sawyer,
Schenck, Scofield, Shellabarger, Spalding. Stevens,
Stilwell, Thayer, Ward, William B. Washburn,
Welker, Wentworth, Whaley, James F. Wilson,
Stephen!?. Wilson, Windora, and Woodbridge—84.
NAYS—Messrs. Aiicorta, Barker. Beaman, Bergen,
Blaine, Boyer, Buekland, Dawson. Denison, Eldridge,
Finck, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris, Hayes, Ilogan, Hooper, Chester D. Hub-
bard, James R. Hubbell, Humphrey, Kasson, Kerr,
Kuykendall. La&in, Latham Georarc V. Lawrence.
Le Blond, Marshall, McCullough, Niblack, Nichol-
son, Noell, Paine, Ritter, Ross, Shanklin, Sitgreaves,
Strouse, Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas,
Thornton, Trimble, Trowbridge, Henry D. Wash-
burn, and Winfield—47.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson James M. Ash-
ley, Baker, Baxter, Bidwell, Blow Brandogee,Chan-
ler, Reader W. Clarke, SidncyClarke, Coffroth, Cul-
ver, Darling, Defrees, Delano, Dodge, Donnelly, Du-
mont, Eckley, Farnsworth, Garfield, Abner C. Hard-
ing, Hill. Edwin N. Hubbell. Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Ketcham, Loan, Mclndoe, McKee, Newell,
Phelps, Plants, Pomeioy, Radford, Samuel J. Ran-
dall, John H, Rice, Rogers, Rousseau, Sloan, Smith,
Starr, Tnbcr, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van Horn,
Robert T. Van Horn, Warner, ElihuB. Washburne,
Williams, and Wright—51.
So the motion to reconsider was laid on the
table.
The next amendment upon which a separate
vote had been reserved was as follows:
On page 99, after the word *' return,"insert the fol-
lowing:
And all gas companies whose price is fixed bylaw
arc authorized to add the tax herein imposed to the
price per thousand feet on gas sold; and all such com-
panies which have heretofore contracted to furnish
gas to municipal corporations are in like manner
authorized to add such tax to such contract price.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
Mr. THAYER. I hope the House will con-
cur in that amendment of the Senate.
The question was upon concurring, and be-
ing taken, upon a division there were—ayes 45,
noes 46; no quorum voting.
Mr. ROSS and Mr. THAYER called for the
yeas and nays.
Mr. MORRILL. I call for tellers. .
The SPEAKER. The question will be first
taken upon ordering the yeas and nays.
The question was taken, and the yeas and
nays were not ordered.
The question recurred upon ordering tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Kerr were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 58, noes 53.
So the amendment of the Senate was con-
curred in.
Mr. NICHOLSON. I rise to a question of
order. I ask that the Clerk read the twenty-
ninth rule of the House.
The Clerk read as follows:
" 29. No member shall vote on any question in the
event of which hois immediately and particularly
intcieoted^or in any case where ho was not within
the bar of the House when the question was put."
The vSPEAKER. It is too late to raise that
point of order on this question.
Mr. THAYER. 1 would like to know upon
what member it was attempted to make this
point.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot tell.
Mr. THAYER. It is an imputation upon
the whole House, unless the person to whom
it is intended to apply shall be specified.
The SPEAKER. The Chair cannot make
the member specify.
Mr. THAYER. Then I resent, as a mem-
ber of the House, any such insinuation or
imputation.
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks it is a
point the gentleman has a right to make.
Mr. THAYER. I deny that the gentleman
can make such a point, without specifying the
member to whom he refers. Otherwise no
effect can be given to his point of order, except
to cast a general imputation upon all the mem-
bers of the House.
The SPEAKER. Any member lias the right
to call for the reading of a rule of the House.
Mr. NICHOLSON. With the permission
of the House, I will explain. I have no desire |
to reflect upon any member of the House. I i
simply desired the rule t.o be read, not because
I supposed any member was interested, but
because the rule seemed to me to be in point
and applicable to this case.
The SPEAKER. The question of the con-
struction of the rule opens a wide field.
•Mr. THAYER. I deny that the rule is in
point, so far as it may have been intended
to apply to me. When the gentleman makes
this imputation against the whole House he
includes me.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from Del-
aware had the right to have the rule read ; and
if the point had been made in time, he would
have had a right to ask the ruling of the Chair
in regard to what constitutes such an interest
as to preclude a member from voting on a
public bill.
Mr. EGGLESTON. I move to reconsider
the vote by which the House concurred in the
Senate amendment on which the vote was just
taken ; and on that motion Feall for the yeas
and nays.
Mr. THAYER. I move that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
Mr. EGGLESTON. On that motion I call
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken ; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 55, nays 75, not voting
52 ; as follows:
YEAS — Messrs. Alley, Amos, Baldwin, Bergen,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwcll, Davis, Dawson, Deminer,
Dixon, Donnelly, Eckley, Eliot, Grinnell, Griswold,
Hale, Hart, Henderson, Higby, Hooper, Asahel W.
Hubbard. John H. Hubbard, Hulburd, Ingcrsoll,
Kasson, Kelley, Kelso, Laflin, George Y. Lawrence,
Longyear, Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, Mc-
Cullough, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead,Morrill, Mor-
ris, Myers, O'Neill, Pike, Price, Samuel J. Randall,
Alexander II. Rice, Spalding, Thayer, Francis
Thomas, Burt Van Horn, Warner, William B. Wash-
burn, Stephen 1?. Wilson, and Woodbridge—55.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks, Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Bingham, Boyer,
Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland, Bundy, Sidney
Clarke, Cook, Cullom, Denison, Driggs, Dumont,
Egpcleston, Eldridge, Farquhar, Ferry, Finck, Gloss-
brenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Harris,
Hayes, Ilogan, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Chester D. Hub-
bard, James It. Hubbell, Humphrey, Julian. Kerr,
Kuykendall, Latham, William Lawrence, Le Blond,
Marshall, Miller, Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson. Noel 1,
Orth. Paine, Patterson, Perham, Radford, William
It. Randall, John H. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross,
Sawyer, Schenck, Scofield, Shanklin, Shellabarger,
Sitgieaves, Stevens, Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor, John
L Thomas, Thornton, Trowbridge, Ward, Henry D.
Washburn, Welker, and James i\ Wilson—75.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, James M.Ash-
ley, Baker, Baxter, Bidwell, Brandegec, Chanlcr,
Reader W. Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Conkling, Culver,
Darling, Dawes, Defrees, Delano, Dodge, Farns-
worth, Garfield, Abner C. Harding, Hill, Dcmas
Hubbard, Edwin N. Hubbell, Jenckes, Johnson,
Jones, Ivetcham, Loan, Mclncloe, McKee, Newell,
Phelps, Plants, Pomcroy, Raymond, Rogers, Kous-
scaxi, Sloan, Smith, Starr, Tnbcr, Trimble, Upson,
Van Aernam, Robert T. Van Horn. Elihu B. Wash-
burne, Wentworth, Whaley, Williams, Windom,
Winficld, and Wright—52.
So the motion to reconsider was not laid on
the table.
Before the result-of the vote was announced,
Mr. TRIMBLE (having voted when his
name was called) said: Mr. Speaker, I ask
leave to withdraw my vote.
- The SPEAKER. The Chair hears no ob-
jection.
Mr. ANCONA. I would like to hear the
grounds upon which the gentleman desires to
withdraw his vote.
The SPE AKER. The right of a member to
withdraw his vote is never denied.
Mr. TRIMBLE. My reason is that I am
interested in a ^as company. It is a small
interest j but still if I should vote my motives
might be impugned.
Mr. EGGrLESTON". I hope that other gen-
tlemen interested will withdraw their votes.
Mr. PIKE. Do I understand the Speaker
to rule that a person interested in a gas com-
pany is so far interested in this question as to
come under the terms of the rule?
The SPEAKER. The Chair has made no
ruling of that kind. No point has been made
requiring a ruling by the Chair.
ihe result of the vote was then announced
as above stated.
The question recurring on the motion to re-
.consider the vote by which the Senate amend-
ment was concurred in,
The question was taken; and there were—
ayes seventy-two, noes not counted.
So the motion to reconsider was agreed to.
The question recurring on concurring in the
Senate amendment,
* Mr. LE BLOND and Mr. EGGLESTON
called for the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yelas 49, nays 76, not voting ,
57; as follows:
YEAS-—Messrs. Alley, Ames, James M. Ashley,
Baldwin, Boutwell, Davis, Dawes, Doming, Dixon,
Donnelly, Driggs, Eliot, Grinnell, Griswold, Hale,
Hart, Henderson, Iligby, Hooper, Asahel W. Hub-
bard, John H. Hubbard, Ingersoll, Ivellcy, Kelso,
Laflin, George Y. Lawrence, Longyear, Marvin, Mc-
Clurg, McCullough, McRuer, Mercur, Moorhead,
Morrill, Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Pike, Price, Ray-
mond, Alexander II. Rice, Smith, Spalding* Thayer,
Burt Van Horn, Warner, William B. Washburn,
Stephen F. Wilson, and Windom—49.
NAYS—Messrs. Allison, Ancona, Delos R. Ashley,
Banks, Barker, Beaman, Benjamin, Bergen, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boycr, Bromwell, Broomall, Buekland,
Bundy, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Coffroth, Cook. Cullom,
Denison, Dumont, Eggleston, Eldridge, Farquhar,
Ferry. Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Hard-
ing, Harris, Hogan, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Chester D.
Hubbard, Humphrey, Julian, Kerr, Kuykendall,
Lathain, William Lawrence, Le Blond, Marshall,
McKee, Miller, Moulton, Niblack, Nicholson, Oith,
Paine,Patterson, Perham, William H. Randall, John
H. Rice, Ritter, Rollins, Ross, Sawyer, Schenck, Sco-
field, Shanklin, Shellabarger, Sitgreaves, Stevens,
Stilwell, Strouse, Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas.Thornton, Trowbridge. Robert T. Van Horn.
Ward, Henry D. Washburn, Welker, and James Ft
Wilson—76.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Anderson, Baker, Bax-
ter, Bidwell, Blow. Brandogee, Chanler, Reader W.
Clarke, Conkling, Culver, Darling, Dawson, Defrees,
Delano, Dodge, Eckley, Farnsworth,Finck,Garfield,
Abner C. Harding, Hayes, Hill, Demas Hubbard,
Edwin N. Hubbell, James R. Hubbell, Hulburd,
Jenckes, Johnson, Jones, Kasson, Ketcham, Loan,
Lynch, Marston, Mclndoe, Newell, Noell, Phelps,
Plants, Pomeroy, Radford, Samuel J. Randall, Rog-
ers, Rousseau, Sloan, Starr, Taber, Trimble, Upson,
Van Aernam, Elihu B. Washburne, Wentworth,
Whaley, Williams, Winfield, Woodbridge, and
Wright—57.
So the amendment was non-concurred in.
The SPEAKER stated the next amendment
of the Senate, on which a separate vote had
been reserved by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Ancona,] was as follows:
Strike out 41 one" and insert "two;" so that the
clause will then read as follows:
On ready-made clothing, gloves, mittens, moccasins,
caps, felt hats, and other articles of dress lor the wear
ot men, women, and children,not otherwise assessed
and taxed, a tax of two per cent, ad valorem, to be
paid by every person making, manufacturing, or pro-
ducing for sale clothing, gloves, mittens, moccasins,
caps, felt hats, and other articles of dress, or furnish-
ing the materials or any part thereof, ancl employing
others to make, manufacture, or produce them: Pro-
vided, That any tailor, or any maker of gloves, mit-
tens, moccasins, caps, felt hats, or other articles of
dress to order as custom work only, and not for gen-
eral sale, and whose annual products do not exceed
$2,000, shall be exempt from this tax; and articles of
dress made or trimmed by milliners or dress-makers
for the wear of women and children shall also be
exemptfrom this tax: Provided, Thatthe branching
into sprays, branches, or wreaths of artificial flowers,
on which an impost or internal tax has already been
paid, shall not be considered a manufacture within
the meaning of this act.
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mend non-concurrence.
Mr. ANCONA. T hope the amendment will
be non-concurred in.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
The next amendment of the Senate on which
a separate vote was reserved was as follows;
Strike out the words "work, exclusive of the ma-
terials, docs not cxceed annually in value @1,000;"
and in lieu thereof insert the words "annual pro-
duct does not exceed $2,000, shall be exempt from
this tax."
The Committee of Ways and Means recom-
mended non-concurrence.
The amendment was non-concurred in.
Mr. ANCONA. Does that embrace all the
amendments on the subject?
The SPEAKER. They will all go to the
committee of conference as non-concurred in.
The next amendment, on which a separate
