1528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
R. Baker, who would have been assassinated
but for the fortunate interposition of a friend
who knocked down the miscreant as he was
about to draw his knife. That assassin was
carried to jail and tried; but in spite of the
testimony of fifteen or twenty witnesses, the
jury did not find a verdict against him. This
circumstance was related to me by Senator
Baker himselfin. this city nightbefore last; and
no one will dare to impugn the integrity of T.
E. Baker.
Sir, I have said to those in Kentucky who
have been disloyal and taken part in the re-
bellion, "Behave yourselves; show"that you
desire to be honest and just and law-abiding,
and I have nothing to say or do against you.
I will treat you properly. I will go as far as
any man ill the way of forgiveness. But when
you raise the stiletto against a man like Baker;
when you incarcerate good Union men and
allow rebels to go free; then I wish you to
understand I am in the ranks again, as I was
before, with the ;red, white, and blue,' to whip
you out and make you behave yourselves."
There is no nobler class of men in the world
than the Union men of Kentucky. They have
treated with the utmost forbearance and mag-
nanimity the returned rebels, who have been
allowed to come back to their homes and enjoy
the privileges of citizens. But if these rebels
want more blood and will have it, let them
have it. No Union soldier from Kentucky has
ever yet turned his back on the enemy.
Now, sir, 1 know the temperament of that
people. I know it well, I know it thoroughly,
and I believe this is the only remedy we have.
We have 110 martial law in Kentucky. We
will Ise satisfied when we can have this remedy,
when we can have our appeal to the Federal
courts and can go among men who will x'espect
us and accord to us justice.
Sir, let me say, while these men were car-
ried through Alexandria, Mr. Caldwell, a noto-
rious guerrilla in Kentucky, charged with kill-
ing, not only men, but women, and with steal-
ing more than twenty horses, stood on the
corner of the street, with his hands in his pan-
taloons pockets, exulling over the defeat of
these Union men. I am tired of that. Our
Union people are tired of it. We say we will
bury the hatchet if you will agree to do so;
but if you will not, we will throw the scabbard
behind us, and then
"Lay on, Macduff;
And damned bo him that first cries Hold, enough I"
Mr. COOK. I now yield half of my remain-
ing time to my colleague, [Mr. Ross.]
Mr. liOSS. How much time has my col-
league left?
The SPEAKER. Twenty-two minutes.
Mr. ROSS. My colleague promised me three
days ago to give me twenty minutes.
_ Mr. CQOK. Very well, then; but that will
give me 110 time for reply.
Mr. HARDING, of Kentucky. I ask the
genilcriian to let me introduce some evidence.
Mr. ROSS. I decline to yield.
Mr. Speaker, through the courtusy of my col-
league 1 am permitted to occupy the attention
of the House 011 this question for a few mo-
ments. I take no part in the Kentucky fight.
I look upon the law in reference to its applica-
tion to other parts of the country. If I under-
stand it, it does in two important and material
respects enlarge the act of 1863. First, it en-
larges the provisions of that act so as to extend
this law over every portion of the country ; for
if 1 am not mistaken in relation to the provis-
ions of that act of 18G-3, they are confined to the
places where the writ of habeas corpus has been
suspended, and do not apply to other places
in the Union. But according to the provis-
ions of this act reported by the Judiciary Com-
mittee, they extend the provisions and opera-
tions of that law over every portion of the
United States. That, sir, is one objection I
have to it.
And secondly, it makes a material change in
the provision of the act of 1863, which made
it a defense in the courts of the country to have
an order of the President of the United States.
Why, sir, that act itself was an act which ought
never to have bcen'put'upon the statute-books
of the country, giving any man, be he Presi-
dent or any other individual, the right by his
simple order to-provide for any man's defense,
an order by which any man should be exon-
erated.
Now, what is the proposition we have sub-
mitted in the provisions of this bill? Why, to
extend that power to every officer in the Uni-
ted States without regard to his position or his
rights. If this bill becomes a law of the land,
why, then, sir, from the President of the Uni-
ted States down to the lowest officer, provost
marshals, and even Government detectives, I
suppose, are to have authority by their orders
to exonerate any individual in the commission
of any crime, however heinous, against the
rights and liberties of the country. I know the
disposition of this House is to enlarge the pow-
ers of military authorities, while it limits and
curtails the rights of private citizens. Against
that I enter my solemn protest.
It will be seen, sir, by reference to this bill,
all the power which was conferred upon the
President of the United States under the ori-
ginal bill is now conferred upon any officer of
the United States; so that any provost marshal
or corporal, or any subordinate whatever, may
infringe upon the rights of any citizen, and the
citizen is to be remediless. According to the
provisions of this bill, the citizen is to have no
remedy at all. Such is the plain, simple pro-
vision of the bill, as introduced by the Judi-
ciary Committee, and attempted to be forced
upon the consideration of this House.
Genilemen have spoken of hardships. Dis-
tinguished gentlemen from Kentucky say that
the officers must be protected. Sir, I have
thought it was the duty of a Representative of
the people to give a little attention to the pro-
tection of the rights of his constituency, how-
ever humble they may be. I supposed it was
our duty to see that every citizen of the coun-
try received a fair trial by jury, and to see when
his rights were invaded by any person, how-
ever high he may be, that he should be pro-
tected. But the officer is to be protected; and
the man who has been run over and trampled
upon with impunity has no rights to be respected,
according to the judgment of this House.
But the gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Mc-
Kee] says that the eourta disregard the law of
180^ Why, sir, under the old practice we used
to have different remedies from what are pro-
vided in this bill. _ We used to think when a
judge decided against us that the true remedy
was by writ of error or an appeal to some other
court for the purpose of having the case re-
viewed. But in these latter days new light has
broken upon the country. This bill proposes
that if a judge decides against the constitution-
ality of this law he is to be tried and fined, stad
he is to have double costs assessed againsthim.
Instead of taking an appeal, or by writ of error
carrying the case into some other court, the
judge who under the solemnity of his oath has
declared the law unconstitutional is to be tried
and fined.
This is a very summary way of disposing of
cases of this kind. Why, sir, we need only
the addition of the Freedmen's Bureau bill to
make this perfect. With that added it would
work admirably. According to that negroes
were entitled to be among the military officers
who were to try while men ; so that under the
operation of the two bills together a negro
might sit upon the rights of these judges, might
take a judge from the bench, try him, fine him
$1,000, and incarcerate him.
Sir, the State of Illinois has not been exempt
from these encroachments upon the rights of
its citizens. A short time ago, in the district
of one of my colleagues, one of the able.-t,
purest, and most distinguished judges of the
supreme court of the State was taken by force
by a file of soldiers, because he gave a decision
that was disapproved by a military gentleman.
And as gentlemen have alluded to cases of
this sort, I will give one or two that have oc-
curred within my own knowledge. A year or
two ago, three honest, quiet, law-abiding citi-
zens, m the county of Macdonough, in Illinois,
were taken one night by some of these petty
officers to St. Louis and put in prison. The
people had to send and apply to a distinguished
citizen before they could get the men released.
And when the facts came to be made known it
was ascertained that one of these men swore
against one of the provost marshals that he had
been guilty of stealing something a year or two
before, and so the provost marshal took this
method of visiting his private vengeance upon
these honest, law-abiding citizens by taking
them out of the State.
Mr. SMITH. I would ask the gentleman if
in 1861 and 1862 he heard of a distinguished
loyal man in the city of Charleston by the name
of Pcttigru, who was taken to jail 
Mr. ROSS. I decline to yield.
Mr. SMITH. And there permitted to linger
and die ; and when he was asked whether he
would swear allegiance to the southern confed-
eracy, said no, he would support the Constitu-
tion of the United States and die like a man?
Mr. ROSS. I did not give way for the gen-
tleman for any such statement.
And ncjw I will give another case. There
was a sick soldier in my county who came home
on leave of absence. On reaching home he
found that one of these provost marshals had
been paying rather too much attention to the
soldier's wife, and took exception to it.- Well,
the provost marshal became indignant, rallied
his forces and had the soldier arrested, intend-
ing to send him down to the front in order to
get him out of the way while he continued to
pay his addresses to the soldier's wife. But
unfortunately he shot and crippled the man.
Now, should he have no remedy? Sir, an
honest jury in my own county, with an honest
prosecuting attorney and an honest judge, sent
that provost marshal to the penitentiary. That,
sir, is the proper remedy in such a case.
But another case. A soldier came home to
Mason county with a discharge on account of
disability. A short time before the November
election the provost marshal in that district con-
cluded it was better to have this man out of the
way as he was likely to vote the Democratic
ticket. So he arrested him and examined him
and decided that his discharge was not accord-
ing to the regulations. Well, after keeping
him a week or two and taking him to Springfield
he came in collision with an officer who had
more brains than himself, who declared that
the discharge was regular and proper. And
when I left home there was a case pending in
one of the courts against that provost marshal
for false arrest and imprisonment.
Now, according to this law, you wipe out the
complaint or cause of action, remove it entirely,
and leave no remedy, and the illegal acts of
these petty officers are to be sustained by act
of Congress, while individual rights are to be
trampled under foot. Sir, I shall give my sanc-
tion to no such provision as this.
But the gentleman from Kentucky says that
some of his constituents have been robbed of
their horses, and they want pay for them; and
he wants Congress to interpose and prevent
people from stealing horses. Why, sir, ac-
cording to this bill it is only necessary to have
an order from some officer to do anything you
please. Suppose one of his constituents should
steal a horse, atl he has to do is to get the pro-
vost marshal to certify that he ordered him to
do it, and according to the provisions of this
bill he has a perfect defense.
But, sir, it is not confined to an order in
proper form. A certified copy of an order,
furnished by the provost marshal, authorizing
a person to commit a most egregious offense
stands as a defense between the man arraigned
and justice. I ask if this is to bo tolerated in
a free country, if we will submit to things like
these.
But it even goes further; it docs not even
require a copy of an order—a telegram is suf-
ficient, and if it has been lost, evidence of the
loss is sufficient. Now, these provost marshals,
scattered as they are through the country, can
