186ft.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE
Am
legal right as in common sense and true patriot-
ism.
So far, then, it ia^entirely certain that by re-
belling against the United States the rebel States
became detached from their governing position
in the Union, and may nowbe held so until proper
measures of future safety can be provided. But
did they cease to be States in every sense? In
my opinion they clearly did not; and I think
we only incumber ourselves with useless dead
weight by assuming they did. An argument has
been derived from the law of nations, and from
other sources, by which it is undertaken to lie
shown that, inasmuch as these States cast off
the superior authority of the United States, they
thereby lost a vital requisite of State existence,
and hence ceased to be States; not in proper
relation to the Union, mark you, but ceased to
be States absolutely. 1 will ask whether those
thirteen communities, called in our Declaration
"the United States of America," ceased to be
States by the act of throwing off the superior
authority of the mother country? And did the
States of Holland cease to be States by the act
of repudiating the superior authority of Spain?
And did the seven cantons of the Sonderbund
cease to be cantons by their reactionary revolt
against the Swiss confederacy, similar in so
many respects to the late reactionary revolt
against this Republic? 1 will venture to af-
firm that no historian and no publicist has ever
thought so. And 1 will venture to aflirm that
the proposition that any State whatever, whether
in this Union or elsewhere on earth, ceases
totally to be a State by the act of forcibly
asserting its allegiance to a new superior au-
thority, has no foundation in public law. Here
again, as with the term "Union,'' if is only
necessary to define accurately in order to walk
with sure footing. Mr. Justice Story says:
"The word 'State'is used in various sense?. In its
most enlarged sense it mean? the people composing a
particular nation or community." x ^ * * >
i But there is a more limited sense in which the word
is often used, where it expresses the positive actual
organization of the legislative, executive, or judicial
powers."
Now, it is palpable the revolting States did
not cease to "be States m the first and larger
sense of the word. Their people did not become
extinct. Neither did they, by the act of revolt-
ing and making war, cease substantively to be
States in the more limited sense of the word:
for each of them retained a powerful and effi-
cient organization da facto for itself, consti-
tuting each of them a State de facto for the time.
And that there is such a being as a State de-facto
known to the language of the law any one may
learn by consulting Story. The decision of the
Supreme Court in the prize eases, so often cited,
gives no countenance to the notion that the
whole idea of State was expunged by the rebel-
lion, but expressly recognizes that that idea in
some sense must be retained. The court says
that "in organizing this rebellion they have
acted as State.*;'' that "several of these States
have combined to form a confederacy;:' that
"the ports and territories of each of these
States are held in hostility to the General Gov-
ernment." How could the ports and territories
of a State be held in hostility when there was
not so much as the ghost of a State in the case?
But there is a third defiuiuon of a State. It
is that complex political being which coui-titutes
a member in proper relations to this Union.
And here the integrity of the idea is invaded in
the case of the revolted States. The fullness of
the idea of a State in this sense involves, first,
the performance of all things enjoined by the
Constitution; secondly, the abstinence from
all things forbidden by the Constitution; and
thirdly, the right to participate in the Govern-
ment of the Union under the Constitution.
These States having angrily thrust from_them
the privilege of helping to govern the Union:
having refused to do everything enjoined by the
Constitution ; and having done everything tor-
bidden by it, even to the waging of a four years
war for the subversion of the Republic, it not
only results with crushing conclusiveness, as
already stated, that they should not resume
governing power until such resumption shall be
39th Cong. Iht Srss.—No. 30.
safe for the country, but it also follows, with
equal certainty, that inasmuch as their hostile
organizations cle facto, State and confederate,
have been overthrown by the successful arms
of the Republic, this righteous catastrophe left:
them in the condition of disorganized States,
I sa}r, emphatically, disorganized States t'/itlie
Union and not out of it. This is the position
which the common sense of the nation has as-
signed to these States, and that common sense
is of infinitely more worth as a criterion of truth
than the unsubstantial subtlety of th-e meta-
physical politicians. Let no one take alarm.
These disorganized States, though in the Union,
can of course have no political power in the
Government until they are properly organized
as republican States, with proper guarantees
of public safety. And that the common sense
of the people is at one with the very law of the
case is not only apparent from what has already
been said, but results with powerful conclusive-
ness from that great clause of the Constitution
upon which so much reliance is placed: "The
United States shall guaranty to every State in
this Union a republican form of government.'7
This guarantee goes to a " State,11 not to a Ter-
ritory. It goes to a Slate u in this Union,
not out of it. It contemplates the contingency
of a Slate in the Union being deprived of a re-
publican government, either by the imposition
of some other form or by being forcibly disor-
ganized, which last was the case with the eleven
revolted Stales. It then becomcs the duty of
Congress, as we have seen, to secure to the
people of such usurped or disorganized Stale a
republican form of government. The execu-
tion of this guarantee, in combination with the
amendments 1 have insisted on. will make the
nation secure; and the whole scheme involves
nothing which is not just before Cocl and man.
In my judgment, all the revolted States—
Tennessee, in common with the rest—should be
kept out of the governing power, which they
thrust from them in exchange for treason and
the sword, until the guarantees I have named
shall be ratified by the voice of the nation and
conformed to by each of the seceding States. 1
beg the honorable gentlemen from Tennessee
who are claiming seats here to accept my lVunk
word when I say that, without meaning the
slightest disrespect to them, 1 cannot surrender
to personal considerations my conviction of
duty to country and duty to the loyalist* of
Tennessee herself. 1 muht look to the future
as well as to the present. 1 must look at Ten-
nessee as well as at the honorable gentlemen
who claim to represent her. And from all the
lights 1 now have, my opinion is that if the ac-
count fdiould now be closed up with that State,
her loyal population would pass under the cruel
and grinding yoke of rebel rule.
Sir, on the :£ d of last month I addressed cer-
tain questions in regard to the status of Ten-
nessee to Hon. W. (r. Brownlow, Governor of
that State. I will say that I believe Governor
Brownlow, in view of their loyal character, de-
sires the admission of the Tennessee delegation.
The following, however, is that portion of his
answer in full which discloses the internal con-
dition of Tennessee, and which is responsive to
my questions:
Kxoxville, Tennessee, January 1,1866.
Hon. J. Bajcrr ♦ ; * As regards
the state of tiling in the South, they aie bad enough
in all conscience, end mo«t of tho loyait v professed is
with a view to obtain paiclon, get properly back, and
a sain get into oitice. Tln-reis a hotter state ofieejing
hi Tenne>see than in any other southern State, Ken-
tuekv not excepted, and we have great room tor im-
provement in both .Middle and West Tenne^ee. Ea^t
Tennessee is all right, and has been fiom the outset
of this rebellion. 1 give it as mycundid opinion that
if the military forces were all withdrawn from Ten-
nessee the Legi-lature would at once be dispersed by
a rebel mob. Out of daily papers m Xa^hville,
four of them aie rebel: while the people.ire more than
ttv" third* on the rebel tdde. Rebel grand juries are
indicting Federal soldiers and officei-? in Middle Tcn-
nes-ee, and either binding them over to court in heavy
bonds, or easting them into pn.-on for executing or-
ders given them by our general?, as far back as the
days of Itosecrans and Stone river! And many of the
beU now speak out openly and say Union men and
Yankee-2 shall not live in the country.
As regard? the negroes, they would have hard times
if the militarv were withdrawn. When a re tried
in our camrb they are, if convicted, sent to the peni-
tentiary for the longest terms, the law allows. In
Some instancesthey are sent for several years, when
onv confinement in a county jail would be equal
to the offense, ihavo had occasion to pardon out sev-
eral such cases. JS'or are white loyalists treated any
better at IhchandsOfi ebel juries. Ourjudges are loyal
men, but rebel juries run over their charges, and the
law. I am speaking of Middle and West Tennessee,
whose rebel population, with here and there excep-
tions. arc as disloyal as they wero in 1861. Other Ten-
ne^eeans, lo\al and intelligent, would give you a
a more favorable account of things. I cannot com
scienuously do so. 1 believe the vyhole South io' full
of rebellion,and that the rebels are seeking to accom-
plish by legislation and through Congress what they
failed to do upon the field of oariiage—destroy the Gov-
ernmcnt. And should this Legislature ofours adjourn
without giving us the right sort of franchise, law. th-e
next General Assembly will bo rebel, and will repeal
all the laws this one has enacted. The next congres-
sional delegation will be rebel, and our Senators will
be instructed to resign. And some such man as General
Forrest will be elected Governor.
Assuming the restraints of the General Government
are all to be removed from Tennessee, you ask me if
northern school teackern would be allowed to edueare
negroes? I answer, no, not in Middle and W est Ten-
nessee. In two cases out of every three the school-
houses would be burned and the teachers rode upon
a rail.
I believe I have replied to all the points you make.
You ask me, if I should think proper toreplv to your
letter, to allow you to make use of the answer. I nave
nothing to disguise in regard to this rebellion, or tho
men who brought it about, and I have spoken out
fiom the beginning, at home and abroad. My hope for
the country is in the good seme, loyalty, and firmness
of the loyal majorities in the two Mouses. Let thorn
settle the wholo matter while they have the power,
and put traitois and treason on the background in all
time to come.
I have the honor to be, very truly. &c.,
W.U. BROWNLOW,
Governor of Tennessee.
The letter I addressed to Governor Brown-
low happened to pass first into the hands of
Hon. A. J. Fletcher, Secretary of >State of Ten-
nessee, and he voluntarily sent me the follow-
ing response to my questions, which 1 have from
him express authority to use as I please :
Skcbetary's Office, Nashville, Texxessee,
Jteccmbrr 2i), 1865.
Silt. Your letter to Governor Brownlow, of the 21d
instant. eamo to my hands as Secretary ol State acting
for the Governor in his absence. I havefonvardedifc
to his Excellency atKnoxville.
The questions submitted by you to Governor Brown-
low are of such vital importance to every southern
loyalist that 1 ieel warranted in volunteering abate-
ment of my own impression, seeing that you desiro in-
formation from all sources.
I was elected to the office of Secretary of State in
April last. 1 have been constantly at iny post since.
During the absence of the Governor I have performed
his duties. lie has been absent or ill a great portion
of tiie time. At all times his heavy correspondenco
haspa.^ed through my hands. Official interviews with
persons of all classes from all parts of the State con-
cerning the reorganizing of the State and counties
thereof have been of daily and almost hourly occur-
rence. I have tried to understand tho mental vtntns
of the people of Tennessee, and have had every pos-
siblotaeility. BemganativootTennessee, for twenty
year^a practicing lawyer, occarionally m politics, and
extensively acquainted, if 1 do not comprehend the
situation in Tennessee, it i^ for the want of capacity,
and not for want of a proper stand-point.
If a dos-ire for peace because of inability to make
war, a willingness to submit because of inability to re-
sist, accepting results because they cannot berejeeted,
recognizing the situation because, with the eyesopen,
ir must beseen, and^upportmg the President because
they are at his mercy, constitute loyalty, then, indeed,
are ourpeople thoroughly loyal. But if patriotism is
an ingredient of loyalty: if love of country, respect
for its flacr, pride in its prosperity. and a desire to see
its authority prevail, are necessary, then there are as
many disloyal persons in Tennessee to-day as at any
time since the beginning of 1861.
What, then, are to be the piaetiealeonsequenc.es of
111 is condition of the public mind when the pressure
of the conquest is removed and conciliating the Ad-
ministration coaxes to he a matter ol pulic}?^ What
will be our social condition, andjwhat legislation will
w e have? The*e ai e your questions condensed,,
There are about, forty thousand Union voters in tho
State against one hundred thousand who^c sympathies
are with "a just but lo>t cause." These Litter will
form a compact party m the State, held together by
hatred for those whom they have branded ;.s Tories
for deserting the South in her extremity, by a deter-
mination to keep the negro m a condition as  par to
slaverv as possible, and probably h> a desire to keep
the South united with a view to ulterior designs.
The loyal people having seen the gicat obiect of
savincr the Union accomplished, wi'l not contest seri-
ously lor the ma-lory in the State. They will remain
loyal to the great Union party ol the nation, hut in a
subdued and di-couratrod tamper. Many will yield
and go with the vast maiorit v.
Tho attempt to di;-franchise the majority has failed.
Another attempt w ill be made and will fail, and this,
too, with the military present and a loyal State gov-
ernment. Withdraw the impure of the General Gov-
ernment, and a hundred thousand rebels, talented
and wealthy, will Lui^h at any restraint imposed by
less than half their number of citizens. They will
find no difficulty in finding men not disfranchised who
