1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
Ho. of Reps.
We fought four years to keep them in the Union;
and now that the war is over, and the jurisdic-
tion of the national Constitution extends all
over those States, and after so much sacrifice
of blood and treasure, shall it be said, shall it
be claimed by any truly loyal man that they are
notinthe Union, States, and State# for all prac-
tical purposes—a part of the nation's life, body,
and soul?
Secession being wrong, unwarraptable, and
violative of the Constitution, it seems strange
to me that any Union man, especially a public
man, one who has been in Congress, with a
record all the way long, through fivey ears past,
directly and positively opposed to the doctrine,
should now be found maintaining the position.
When I came into Congress from the field, De-
cember, 1863,1 found but one man in this Hall,
as I now remember, who in anywise favored
the idea that the eleven southern States then in
rebellion were a foreign power, an alien enemy,
and out of the Union. That was the distin-
guished gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevexs.] I see no difference in his position
to day from that held by him in the fall of 18C3.
But strange, 11 passing strange'' to me, there are
others of that date,and those who were not mem-
bers then, but now who seem to espouse his
doctrine, and go hand in hand with him in the
idea that these States are or were foreign pow-
ers, in war against the Government, and are now
conquered provinces, and before they can get
back into the Union must be remodeled, reno-
vated, made over, and be admitted as new States,
and not otherwise. I will, following the ex-
ample of a distinguished gentleman on this floor,
inquire, whatisaState? That is, what is a State
as considered and recognized by the American
people, within their own jurisdiction, and a State
as understood and commented upon by distin-
guished jurists and writers on international law ?
The gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellabar-
GER] quotes from Grotius these words :
"The law, especially that of nations, is in the State,
as the soul is in that of the human body; for that [the
soul] being taken away, it ccases to bo a State."
Now, I ask if this great writer, in framing
these words, or this idea, had in his mind the
component parts of a nation, a Government, a
State, or the whole State, Government, and na-
■tion? The words are true, and I adopt them,
for they but too plainly meet my demands. The
law, to the nation, the Government, the State,
is precisely to that State, or nation, or Govern-
ment just what the soul is to the human body.
Destroy the soul, and the body dies. Destroy
the law, the Constitution, and our Government,
our nation, our State dies. But, I ask, have the
Constitution or the laws been overthrown or
destroyed? Not at all. The Republic, the na-
tion, the Government, the State, the Constitu-
tion, the laws, still live and survive in that very
region lately in rebellion in those component
parts of the Government which we chose to de-
nominate States.
The same writer says upon this very subject,
"A morbid body is still a body, and a State,
though dreadfully diseased, is still a political
being." As the human body may be greatly
and painfully diseased, and still live, although
requiring many years of care, of treatment, and
expense to bring it up again to a perfect stand-
ard of health, vigor, and manhood, so may the
body-politic, the State, be diseased and live,
and again, by proper nurture and judicious legis-
lation, be brought up to perfect political health,
power, and prosperity. But, sir, if we were to
accept the position of the gentleman from Ohio,
[Mr. Sheli.abakgeh,] I will remind him that
Grotius declares "a State, though it may com-
mit some act of aggression or injustice, does
i.ot thereby loje its political capacity." The
combinations of bad and lawless men, or com-
munities, although they may overawe the re-
mainder of the inhabitants, even the minority,
do notbecome thereby a State, in that they effect
the capacity of the State, by which all its political
rights are forever destroyed, leaving them only
39th Con . 1st Sess.—No. 4.
to be revived by the will and consent of the
sovereign. Is it to be said or admitted at this
late day that because a lawless, insurrectionary,
and rebellious people, by force of arms, over-
ran, took possession of, and controlled the civil
affairs of those States for a while, that there-
fore they are opt of the Union, and they are as
States obliterated from the list of States making
up this great national Union?
It is, I am sorry to say, Mr. Chairman, as-
serted that such is the fact, and that because of
the very act of usurpation of power by the in-
surgents they cease to be entitled to just con-
sideration or representation as States. Let us
see, sir, if the rule holds good in fact and as to
the recognized action of Congress during the
war. North Carolina was overrun, her civil
government changed by the rebels. South Car-
olina was occupied by armed force, resisting the
laws and authority of the Government, and
changed her civil government. Also Tennes-
see, the home of the President of the United
States, and her laws and civil government were
altered; and so with many other of the south-
ern States. So, therefore, wo must conclude
that several States did so act as to become for-
eign Power!, and all their people belligerents
and public enemies; and the overthrow of the
rebellious armed forces, by which these things
were done, docs not alter their political or civil
status in any way whatever from that occupied
by them during the war.
Let us carry the example a little further, and
see how the rule works. Kentucky was also
overrun by a rebel army, and with the excep-
tion of two cities on the extreme northern bor-
der. the entire territory—her capital, towns,
cities, forts, arsenals, and people—were under
this very force, which held the eleven other
States. A rebel governor was inaugurated at
the capital of the State, a Legislature was con-
vened in the Slate, and elected senators to the
confederate congress; members were sent to the
lower house of that congress, and all was done
which they conceived necessary to make Ken-
tucky one of their confederacy. Yet, sir, Ken-
tucky has never been one moment without a
representation in the Congress of the United
States. Those acts of lawlessness were done
contrary to the will of a large number of her
citizens, and while they were compelled to sub-
mit, they never consented. Will it be said, there-
fore, that Kentucky stands in the relation of a
rebellious State to the Government, and not
entitled to civil and political rights as a State
of the Union? I presume not. Yet I will re-
mark that it was not the people of Kentucky
who drove the rebels out of that State, by which
she was enabled to resume her rightful author-
ity, but it was the army of the Union, the men
who were commissioned to go forward with their
guns and swords and restore the peace and unity
of the nation; the very same army which fol-
lowed Grant to Richmond, and brought Lee
and his soldiers to a surrender; the same army
which followed Sherman in his " grand march
to the sea," and brought back into the fold of
the Union the other eleven States, just as they
did Kentucky in the beginning of their march
upon the frontier of the rebellion.
Likewise Missouri was overrun, and large por-
tions of her territory were constantly in the pos-
session of the enemy, and a rebel governor was
using every effort to make her a part and parcel
of the confederaev. Maryland and Pennsylva-
nia also. And in Missouri, Kentucky, Mary-
land, and even Pennsylvania, were found hun-
dreds and thousands of people who rejoiced at
their coming and mourned with deepened sor-
row at their unhappy departure. But, sir, these
States did notbecome public enemies of the Ke-
, public, and yet there was a " multitude ot peo-
i pie united together" in each State " by a com-
mon interest and common taw, to wnich they
submitted with one accord." ^
Now, then, shall Ave say that these Stateslast
mentioned are in the Union with all the rights
and privileges belonging to any other State, and
these other States, which were in somewhat,
similar condition only differing as to time and
number of people engaged against the Gov-
ernment, are not entitled also as States in the
Union to privileges and rights which were guar-
antied by the national Constitution? Congress
will make a strange record if this question is
not answered properly and to the effect that no
State has ever been out of the Union and could
get out in but one of two ways: first, I will say,
by the consent of three fourths of the States,
and secondly, by a successful revolution for sep-
arate independence.
I proceed further, sir, in maintenance of my
position, to recite the manner in which these
States got into-the Union. And first to that of
Kentucky, which was admitted by an act of Con-
gressapproved February 4, 1791,which declares
that Kentucky1' shall be received and admitted
into this Union as a new and entire member of
the United States of'America," and by an actof
February 25, 1791, was allowed two Represent-
atives in Congress besides her two Senators.
June 1, 1796, the following act was passed by
Congress:
" Whereas by the acceptance of the deed of cession
of the State of North Carolina, Congress are bound to
lay out into one or more States the territory thereby
ceded to the United Slates:
"Be it enactal. tf c.. That the whole of the torritory
ceded to the United States by the State of North Car-
olina bUa.ll be one State, and the sarao is hereby de-
clared to browot the United States of America, on an
equal footing with the original States in all respects
whatever, by the name and title of tho State of Ten-
nessee. That, until tho next general census, tho said
State of Tennessee shall be entitled to one Represent-
ative in the House of Representatives ol the United
States; and in all respects, as far as they may bo ap-
plicable, the laws of the United States shall extend
to and have force in the State of Tennessee, in the
S!>mo'manner as if that State had originally been one
of the United States."
The State of Louisiana was admitted as one
of the States of the United States, with all the
privileges and rights of the other States, by an
act approved April 8, 1812. So I go on with
Ohio, admitted November 29, 1802; Indiana,
December 11, 1816; Mississippi, December 10,
1817; Illinois, December 3, 1818; Alabama,
December 14, 1819; Maine, March 15, 1820 j
Missouri, August 10, 1821; Arkansas, June
15,1830; Michigan, January 7,1837; Florida,
March 3, 1845; Texas, December 29, 1845;
Iowa, December 28, 1840; Wisconsin, March
3. 1847; California, September 9, 1850; Min-
nesota, May ]1. 1858; Oregon, February 14,
1859; Kansas, January 2:), 1SG1; West Vir-
ginia, December 27, 1862, and Nevada at the
last session of Congress.
There is an act for each one of these States
similar in provisions to those I have already
quoted. And each and every one of those laws
are on your statute-book to-day untouched, not
modified and not repealed. They are the law
of the land, binding and absolutely compul-
sory so far as we or tho people are concerned,
and brand as false and utterly untenable the
doctrine of State suicide or annihilation.
I assert and declare most positively thetruth-
fulness of the position assumed by some, but
denied and hooted at by others, ''that once a
State always a State;" and there is no author-
ity or power which can prevent it being a State
for all civil and political purposes, save in the
two instances I before mentioned, by success-
ful revolution or the consent of three fourths of
the States.
In support of what I have here assumed, let
me call your attention to tho action of Congress
in the West Virginia case. The Constitution
expressly declares, article four, section three:
"New States may be admittedbythe Congress into
this Union, but no new State shall be /ormed^or
erected within the j unsdichon of any other State, nor
any State bo formod by thejunetion of two or more
States, or parts of States, without the conscnt of tho
Legislatures of tho States concerned as well as of tho
Congiess." _
West Viininia was admitted, as 1 have otv
serv ed, December 27, 1862. How and by what
process? , , . . .
The Wheeling convention, which met imme-
