2490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
ago, or six years ago, or at any other time; the
question now is, whether he stands upon the
platform of the Republican or Union party, its
published, declared platform before the world.
I suspect that if gentlemen here were to go
back to their own old records in order to estab-
lish a character for consistency, they would not
succeed very well. I do not know, indeed, how
my friend from Maryland would succeed, for
if I have been correctly informed 
Mr. CUES WELL. I think I could measure
it squarely and fairly with the gentleman from
Pennsylvania.
Mr. COWAN. That may all be. I do not
make the allusion for the purpose of reflecting
upon the honorable Senator; but I have only
to say that I found upon my table the other day
what purported to be a copy of resolutions,
I think offered by him in his State, andwhich
looked to me very strongly like secession, in
the early part of this difficulty. I do not blame
the Senator for that; I have no want of charity
for a man who fell into an error of that kind.
Mr. CRESWELL. The gentleman of course
will not blame me for that, inasmuch as I never
offered such a resolution. I never offered a
resolution which intimated that I or any part
of the people of Maryland were in favor of
secession, and no such resolution was ever
adopted anywhere with my consent.
Mr. COWAN. I do not know how that is.
I only state this fact to justify what I hinted.
Mr. CRESWELL. I say it is not a fact.
Mr. COWAN. It is a fact that the resolu-
tions are here and were put upon the desks of
members. It is not such a very great distance
but that the record, I suppose, may be found.
Mr. CRESWELL. Not at all; the record
can be produced.
Mr. COWAN. I suppose the correctness
of the resolutions laid upon our tables can be
verified. Now, Mr. President, let us see what
the platform is, as announced at Baltimore;
let us get back to the platform. I do not know
who was the author of this instrument. I was
not a member of that convention, nor %vas I
present, and therefore I have no means of
knowing who the scrivener was; but I find in
that platform this first resolution :
" Resolved, That it is the highest duty of every
American citizen to maintain, against all their ene-
mies, the integrity of the Union and the permanent
authority of the Constitution and laws of the United
States."
I think I do remember a time when, if a gen-
tleman had offered that resolution in this body,
be would have been hooted at from all radical
quarters as having'' Constitution on the brain.''
Yes, the platform declares that the highest duty
is to maintain the integrity of the Union and
the authority of the Constitution and laws. I
have insisted upon that always; I insist upon
it now. It is the remedy that I suggest now
for the difficulties under which the country
labors. The President has a plan of policy ;
what is it ? The Constitution and the laws ;
that is the whole of it. Certain gentlemen
here wish to introduce an entirely new plan ;
they wish to remodel the Constitution and they
wish to change the laws. Now, what ought to
be done in a ease of that kind, if men want to
preserve the harmony of the party, if they are
satisfied that on the safety of the party depends
the safety of the country ? Is it not the most
rational thing in the world that they should
come back at once to some point where we
could agree? You cannot make a party by
continually introducing new schemes, as Wen-
dell Phillips said the other day, blinding the
pilot with the storm of constitutional amend-
ments, upon no one of which can any half a
dozen men agree. When a measure is intro-
duced as a party measure, and it cannot com-
mand the undivided support of the party, the
man who persists in it afterward is guilty of
the division, and if division and separation and
defeat results, it is to be attributable to him,
not to the slave who puts his head into the
collar and follows with servility a majority.
I am asked by a Senator whether I belong
to the Wendell' Phillips party. I never be-
longed to the Wendell Phillips party ; but I
consider Wendell Phillips as the outspoken,
grand man of that party; he is the typical
man of that party ; and whether he wins _ or
loses he has the advantage at least of speaking
out his desires and his designs. There is no
concealment about Phillips, which is one good
trait in his character.
I ask, then, instead of blinding the pilot with
a storm of constitutional amendments, can we
not come back to something on which we can
all agree? Can anything be more simple? We
have sworn to support the Constitution. Can-
not we agree upon that.? We have compelled
the President to swear that he will see that the
laws shafl be executed. Cannot we agree upon
that? The rebels have agreed to that, too;
have they not? They have laid down their
arms; they submit themselves to that same
authority; and your authority is established
everywhere all over the States lately in rebel-
lion.
Now, if we could concoct a new measure
upon which we could all agree, I would say
that would be meritorious; but when you con-
coct measures, and cannot agree upon them,
why persist in making them tests? As I un-
derstand, there has been such a divergence
between Agamemnon and Achilles, even so
late as yesterday, that Troy is not likely to be
taken soon. Agamemnon has taken Briseis,
the captive of Achilles, and insists upon carry-
ing her away into captivity as his prize, not-
withstanding by the laws of war she is claimed
by the other. That is significant, to start upon.
When the Achilles of the House and the
Agamemnon of the Senate divide and differ,
such poor doctors as we are may well disagree,
and as we are all members of a common fam-
ily, although belonging to different wings, why
is it that we cannot compromise and agree,
upon what? That of which above all other
things our country has reason to be proud, her
Constitution and her laws, and trust to time to
work out the proper results.
The question is asked, why not try rebels
and execute them? As I said before, surely
no man can thirst for vengeance against com-
munities, against States, against people. How-
ever much he might desire to see an individual
mischievous rebel punished, surely the women
and children and the Union men of the south-
ern States have suffered their share for any
folly of which they may have been guilty in
this war, and especially so when we remember
that at the outstart of the war this Government
had forgotten its duty. What is a Government
created and instituted for? It is that it shall
be a standing organization for the protection
of the people. If the people could get up a
governmental organization as soon as a con-
spirator could usurp an organization you could
put off having a Government until the contin-
gency happened; but a Government is a stand-
ing organization of the people, whose duty it
is to protect the people against hostile and
usurping organizations seeking to rule them.
In 1861 there were conspiracies against the Gen-
eral Government all over the southern States.
They were covered over with societies whose
sole business it was to overawe and terrify the
people, rendering necessary to them that very
protection which it was the duty of the Govern-
ment to afford them. What, under the circum-
stances, did this Government do? Does any
sane man believe that if this had been a Gov-
ernment vigorous, concentrated with its forces,
knowing its duty, it would not have throttled
the rebellion upon the instant, that it would
not have dispersed the vigilance committees,
dissolved the order of the Lone Star, and pun-
ished as criminals all the men who were en-
gaged in getting up the plot to overturn the
Union? The Government did not do this. It
allowed itself to be kicked out of the posses-
sion of seven States ignominiously. What,
then, was it expected that the people should
do? Was it expected that they were able to
stand up against their State governments; that
tliev were able to resist the organized bands
of the various kinds of secessionists who were
plotting together for the dismemberment of
the Union ? The man who supposes they were
able to do so in the absence of their Govern-
ment, which was not there to protect them, '
which had gone away and left them helpless
and defenseless in the face of that tide of
secession, has not reflected on the nature of
government enough to qualify him to govern
anybody.
Allegiance and protection are reciprocal. I
owe allegiance to the Government of the Uni-
ted States, and the Government of the United
States owes me protection; and when I fall
under the power of another organization, of a
third party, and I obey that party when the
Government of the United States is not there
to protect me, that Government is derelict, and
not me. There are men, I admit, strong,
sturdy, and willful enough even to stand up
against a State organization and refuse obedi-
ence to it; but they are the rari nantes in gxir-
gite vasfo; they are the stray swimmers in that
pool. There are very few of them. Most
people submit to the authority that is over them,
to its insignia and to its emblems, and espe-
cially in this country where the General Gov-
ernment is a confederacy of States, the States
themselves being in effect the governments
most directly in contact with the people, and
to which they have been in the habit of looking
for the administration of their laws.
I say, then, that it is one of the principles
of the Baltimore platform that—■
"Every good citizen should maintain the integrity
of the Union "—
I suppose that meant that everybody in the
Union should have the right which the Union
confers on him—
"and the permanent authority of the Constitution
and laws of the United States; and that, laying aside
all differences and political opinions, we pledge our-
selves as Union men, animated by a common senti-
ment and aiming at a common object, to do every-
thing in our power to aid the Government in quelling
by force of arms the rebellion now raging against its
anthoiity, and in bringing to the punishment due to
theirerimes therebels and traitors arrayed againstit."
Has the President violated any part of that?
Fix your tribunal; put your judge upon it; get
your machinery ready, and five hundred chief
criminals, witli J efferson Davis at their head,
or five thousand if you demand them, arc at
your service. I suppose it is not intended that
the President should be common prosecutor;
I suppose it is not intended that he should
usurp the functions of the judiciary; and I
suppose it is not intended but that the Amer-
ican people now at this time are qualified to
pass upon the question of crime. I do not
know but that perhaps I am wrong in saying
that; it is pretended that they are not qualified
to play the part of public prosecutor; because
we passed a law the other day by which an office
for that purpose was created so as to put- in it
somebody to play public prosecutor, but he was
not to prosecute traitors; he was not to prose-
cute rebels; he was not to bring them to crim-
inal punishment, but he was to punish judges
and magistrates who did not put the negro on
an equality with the white man before the laws
of the South. I say I suppose, however, that
if rebels are to be punished, there are Amer-
ican citizens of intelligence enough, love of
country enough, desire enough to bring them
through the ordinary channels of the adminis-
tration of justice into the clutches of the law;
and I say on the part of the President, and I say
it for him, fix your tribunal, get your machin-
ery ready, and you can have five hundred of
them to try to-morrow. We will not be par-
ticular about the selection; you can select
them yourselves; but it is time that the blame
was thrown from his shoulders because lie does
not himself, in some way not known to the law,
bring them to trial when it was utterly impos-
sible, according to the decision of the Chief
Justice of the United States, that he could do
anything. These men could not, under his
ruling, be put to trial unless you undertook to
try them by military commissions; and that
the Supreme Court of the United Slates has
decided, and very properly, I think, to be
extra-judicial. If you can make out a case
