50
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 19,.
Ho. op Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
39tii Cong....1st Sess.
diately after the ordinance of secession passed
by the Richmond convention, adopted an ordi-
nance August 20,1861, providing for the forma-
tion of a new State out of a portion of the State
of Virginia, andprovided forthe election ofrnem-
bers of another convention to assemble, coming
from those counties set apart to compose the new
State, which met and adopted a constitution
and other measures .for the organization and
establishment of the new State, which was ap-
proved by thepeople on the 3d day of May, 1802.
An act of the Legislature of Virginia was passed
May 13, 1802, consenting to the erection of a
new State out of that portion of the State lying
westward, including about half of the entire
territory of the State; and an act was passed by
Congress on the 13th day of December, 1862,
providing for the admission of the State of West
Virginia upon the amendment, of the constitu-
tion prohibiting slavery, which was done, and
by a proclamation of the President became a
State of the Union on an equal footing with the
other States. During the pendency of the act
for the admission of this new State, a very in-
teresting debate was held in this House. There
were Representatives from both sections of the
old State of Virginia. Those from Virginia,
among the most prominent, Mr. Segar, opposed
the separation and establishment of this new
State; but he found his opponents on the other
side, who out-battled him and succeeded in their
purpose. The question was raised, and fully and
ably discussed, that the requirements of the
Constitution had not been fulfilled; that the
war and the occupancy of the State of Virginia
by a large and powerful rebel army had pre-
vented the people of that State expressing a full
and free opinion on the subject, and that the
Legislature and conventions of Wheeling were
not authorized to act. Upon this point allow
me to read from I he speech of my distinguished
friend from Ohio, [Mr. Bingiiam.] Speaking of
the ordinance of secession and the rights of the
people under the Constitution in the State of
Virginia asamember of theUnion. he declared
the ordinance void and of no effect, and said :
" Thank God ! is the wisdom, scope, and effect
of the Federal Constitution, that though hand joins
with hand to overthrow the rights of the loyal mi-
nority ill n Stuk1, the humblest citizen who i> true to
his fealty is secure in his rights as a citizen of the Fed-
eral Republic under the guarantees of the Constitu-
tion. a^amst iiim by the majority
in his own .State."
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Smith] to take notice, since he
refers to that matter—for he seems to make
some sort of is«ue with mo—that I occupy pre-
cisely the position to-day that I did then ; that
is to say, that the act of secession or rebellion
was absolutely void as against the Federal Gov-
ernment, absolutely void as against every loyal
citizen ; and therefore, in the language of Madi-
son, which I cited and accepted that day, and
whichl cite andacceptthis day, a loyal minority,
sufficient in numbers in the judgment of Con-
gress to reorganize the disorganized State gov-
ernment, have the right of local civil magis-
tracy therein, dependent, nevertheless, upon
their reorganization of the State government.
The point made that day was this: that the three
hundred thousand loyal citizens of the State of
Virginia did reorganize the State government
of Virginia, and having done so, were in the
rightful exercise of the legislative authority of
the State of Virginia, and, in conformity with
the Constitution of the United States, did as-
sent to the erection of a new State in the State
of Virginia. And I say now, if three hundred
thousand loyal citizens ill any of those rebel
States shall reorganize a constitutional and re-
publican State government to the satisfaction
of Congress, I am prepared to recognize them
and sustain them in that action.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman, I did not in-
tend by any quotation I have made to misrep-
resent the position of the gentleman. I am
not done with him yet, nor am I done with other
gentlemen on this floor on this subject. But, T
will undertake to .show before I get through,
from the records 1 have before me, that even the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham,] together
with other gentlemen on this tloor, went far be-
yond the proclamation of the President, when
he said that five thousand in a State might or-
ganize and establish it as a State, and that there
was no admission in the Thirty-Seventh Con-
gress, upon the part of any man or any set of
men in this House, so far as I have been able
to discover from the record, that any State of
this Union was out of the Union; but it was con-
ceded that they were all entitled to represent-
ation, even under the organization of a small,
indefinite, infinitesimal majority.
Mr. BINGHAM. I have never said they
were out of the Union to this hour.
Mr. SMITH. Then, if no State was out of
the Union they are all in the Union—in the
Union, subject to taxation, and if subject to
taxation, entitled to representation in Congress.
But, to resume : what are the rights of a cit-
izen in a State—a loyal citizen, to use the lan-
guage of the gentleman? Why, sir, they are
the rights of life, liberty, property, and the pur-
suit of happiness in his State as well as in the
United States, together with the right of rep-
resentation. Sir, Virginia was recognized as a
State in 1802, while the war was raging, and all
the State almost was in the possession of the
rebels, and admitted the right of representa-
tion on this floor. Was Virginia a State then,
and the loyal men entitled to their rights? And
now, when the war is over, and no armed force
in the field contesting the authority of the Gov-
ernment, it is no State, and her loyal people not
entitled to their rights. Strange indeed, sir,
if it should be so! No, sir, it is not so, I trust,
fori "thank God the wisdom, scope, and effect
of the Federal Constitution" is sufficient to
overthrow and destroy the enemies of the Re-
public and preserve its friends.
Again, upon the subject of representation
the gentleman from Ohio used the following
language. When the case of Flanders and Hahn
from Louisiana was up the same session of Con-
gress, he said:
"i wish it understood that from the beginning of
this argument (o the end of it I have claimed that the
loyal inhabitants in any organized State of the Union,
even though a majority ot its citizens be in insurrec-
tion against this" Government, have a right to their
just proportion of representation in Congress."
Sir, that is sound doctrine, good law, and
pure patriotism. If it was true then, and in-
duced him and a majority of the House to ad-
mit representation from Virginia and Louisi-
ana, why, I ask, in all reason, patriotism,
humanity, and justice is it not right now, just,
reasonable, and patriotic?
Mr. BINGHAM. The gentleman will allow
me to correct him upon one point. The gen-
tleman labors under a very grave mistake in
the remark ho has just made, and I am surprised
at it, for he has written out his remarks with
care. He assumes here that I voted to admit
Representatives from Louisiana. Thatisagross
mistake. I call the attention of the gentleman
to the speech which I made on that occasion,
in which I undertook to show to the House and
tried to pursuade the House that Louisiana could
not bo represented upon this Uoor. I do not
know how the gentleman has fallen into the
blunder, but such is the fact nevertheless. I
urged at that time that Louisiana was not en-
titled to representation, for the reason that
they had not organized a constitutional State
government in Louisiana; and hence I said
upon that occasion, as I repeat now, and as I
have no doubt the majority of this House will
say from the beginning to the end of this con-
troversy, that when a sufficient number of loyal
citizens in any State heretofore disorganized by
rebellion, secession, and civil war shall reor-
ganize a constitutional State government, of the
sufficiency of whicli Congress will be the judge,
I such organization will be represented upon this
' floor according to their just right of representa-
tion, which in no case, under the Constitution,
can he less than one member.
The difference in the case of Virginia was
just this: that Congress, upon that occasion,
necessarily passed upon the fact that a sufficient
number of loyal persons in Virginia had reor-
ganized a constitutional State government in
the State of Virginia, and bad assented, by a
constitutional Legislature of that Stale, to the
erection of a new State therein. I hope the
gentleman understands my position now.
In this connection I will, with his permission,
explain what he has quoted from my speech.
Mr. SMITH. Oh, no; I cannot yield further.
Mr. BINGHAM. Well, go on, and I will
answer you when you get through.
Mr. SMITH. Mr. Chairman, if the doctrine
was true in 1862, as has been asserted even to-
day by the gentleman, and has been asserted by
others upon this floor, that an organized gov-
ernment existed in Virginia at that time, while
war was raging, while rebellion was rampant,
and the whole country south was flooded with
armed forces moving to and fro, I cannot see
how gentlemen can reconcile it to themselves
to deny that it is a State now.
The gentleman claims that the people when
they have organized a State government are
entitled to representation. I submit, the ques-
tion if all of these States lately in rebellion have
not organized State governments, with Gover-
nors and Legislatures and judiciaries, and all
the machinery of State governments, and do not
present themselves to-day to the Congress oftlie
United States as organized States in the Union,
willing to conform to the Constitution and laws
of the Union? The question of States in the
Union, of State organizations, is a very different
thing from admitting rebels and those who were
engaged in war against the Government, to
overthrow and destroy it. I may be able to go
with the gentleman, and I dare say I shall go
with him, on the point that none but good and
true loyal men, none but men who are willing
to defend the interests of the Government and
perpetuate it, shall sit upon this floor and exer-
cise the rights of legislators under the national
Government; but 1 cannot go with him. I will
not go with him, or any other man, or party of
men, who undertake to assert the doctrine that
was asserted by the rebels when they began, that
the States had a right to go out of the Union
and can only come back by reorganization under
an act of Congress. There is no such idea in
the Constitution.
At this point I desire to return for a moment to
the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Siiellabauger,]
for 1 notice his vote is cast in the affirmative on
the bill admitting the State of West Virginia,
by which vote he committed himself irrevoca-
bly to the doctrine that these are States in the
Union for practical, political, and governing
purposes. His vote admitted in 1802 the valid-
ity and authority of both of the Wheeling con-
ventions, the Legislatures of Virginia and West
Virginia ; and those very Legislatures were in
session, and enacting laws, which he recog-
nized, while a large majority of the people of
old Virginia were in actual rebellion, and the
Governor, Lieutenant Governor, judges, and
most of the Richmond Legislature had taken an
oath to support the confederate States of Amer-
ica. Did he not know then that a ' • State was
a multitude of people," as he quotes from Bur-
lamaqui, ''united together by a common inter-
est and common law, to which they submit with
one accord?" Did he not know then that there
was a rebel Legislature in Virginia, every one
of whose members had renounced their allegi-
ance to the United States and taken an oath
to the rebel confederacy; that there was a i ebel
congress in the capital of that State, voting men
and money to carry on war against the nation?
Did he not know they were killing and starving
our soldiers there, and were placing their in-
fernal machines under and around their prisons?
Did he not know then that they had sworn eter-
nal vengeance and hatred against the life of the
Republic? Was it not known to all the mem-
bers of the Thirty-Seventh Congress, and those
