1530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
the Government of the United States will pro-
tect the men who were engaged in executing
its laws duringthe rebellion ; and whether juris-
diction will be given to courts where such pro-
tection can be made effective. And thonsands
of Union men in the South who have fought for
the Union are anxiously awaiting the answer.
The question then recurred on the substitute
reported by the committee, and it was agreed to.
• The bill as amended was then ordered to be
engrossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
Mr. COOK demanded the previous question
on the passage of the bill.
.• The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered.
Mr. HARDIN G, of Kentucky, demanded the
reading of the bill.
The bill was read.
Mr. ROGERS called for the yeas and nays
On the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 112, nays 31, not voting
40; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
' Delos R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Barker, Baxter, Beaman, Bidwell, Bingham,
Blaine, Blow, Boutwell, Bromwell, Broomall, Buck-
land, Bundy, Reader W. Clarko, Conkling, Cook,
« Cullom, Delano, Doming, Dixon, Driggs, Dumont;
• Egglcston, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farquhar, Ferry, Gar-
field, Grinnell, Abner C. Harding, Hart, Ilayes, Hen-
derson, Hill. Holmes. Hooper, Asahel W. Hubbard,
Chester D. Hubbard, Dcmas Hubbard, John II. Hub-
bard, James II. Hub bell, Hulburd, lngersoll, Jenckes,
Kasson, KcIIoy, Kelso, Kctcham, Iiuykendall, Laflin,
Latham. George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan. Lynch, Marston, Marvin, McClurg, McKee,
McRuer, Miller, Moorhcad, Morrill,Morris,Moulton,
Myers, Newell, Noell. O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Phelps, Pike, Plants, Price, William II. Randall, Ray-
mond. John 11. Rice, Rollins. Rousseau, Sawyer,
Scoficld, Shcll.ibarger, Sloan, Smith, Stevens, Stil-
well. Thayer. Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt
Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward, Warner,
Elihu B.Washburne, "William B.Washburn. Welker,
Wentworth, Williams, James F. Wilson, Wmdom,
and Woodbridge—112.
NAYS —Messrs. Ancona, Bergen, Boyer, Brooks,
Chanler, Cofiioth, Dawson, Bldiidge, Glossbrenner,
Grider, Hale, Aaron Ha;din;:, Hogan, Edwin N. Hub-
bell, James M. Humphrey, Jones, Kerr, Lc Blond,
Marshall. McCullough, Nicholson, Samuel J. Randall,
Rittcr, Rogers, Ross, Sit,greaves, Strouse, Taber,
Thornton. Trimble, and Winfield—31,
NOT VOTING — Messrs. Benjamin, Brandegee,
Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Culver, Darling, Davis, Dawes,
Defrees, Denison, Donnelly, Eckley, Finck, Good-
year, Griswold, Harris, Iligby, Ilotehkiss, James
Humphrey, Johnson, Julian, Longyear, Mclndoe,
Mercur, Niblaek. Patterson, Poroeroy, Radford, Alex-
ander II. Rice, Schenck, Shanklin, Spalding, Starr,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Henry
J). Washburn, Whaley, Stephen F. Wilson, and
Wright-19.
So the bill was passed.
During the vote,
Mr. HILL stated that his colleague, Mr.
Dkfrees, was paired on this and all similar
subjects with Mr. Siianklijj.
The vote was then announced as above
recorded.
Mr. COOK moved to reconsider the vote by
which the bill was passed; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid on the
tabic.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message i'koji the president.
A message in writing was received from
the President of the United States, by Mr. W.
G. Moore, his Secretary.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
message from the President of the United
Slates transmitting, in compliance with the
resolution of the House, a report from the
Secretary of War as to the number of men in
the regular and volunteer service ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs,
and ordered to be printed.
taxing "money on hand."
Mr. CONKLING. I am directed by the
Committee of Ways and Means to report a bill
declaring money on hand not exempt from
taxation.
The bill was read a first and second time.
The bill provides that no exemption from
liability'to State or municipal taxation shall
by virtue of any act of Congress be held to
extend to money on hand.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, a resolu-
tion on this subjeet«introdueed by the gentle-
man from Ohio [Mr. Spat.titng] was referred
to the Committee of Ways and Means, and this
bill is the committee's response. The neces-
sity for the resolution and for the bill is sup-
posed to arise under the phraseology of exist-
ing acts of Congress and particularly that of
June 30, 1864. I call the attention of the
House to the language of that act. Section
one provides that all bonds, Treasury notes,
and other obligations of the United States
shall be exempt from taxation by or under
State or municipal authority, and section thir-
teen in defining those words declares that the
words " obligations or other securities of the
United States" used in this act shall be held
to include and mean allbonds,coupons, national
currency, United States notes, Treasury notes,
fractional notes, checks for money of author-
ized officers of the United States, certificates
of indebtedness, certificates of deposit, stamps
and other representatives of value, of what-
ever denomination, which have been or may
be issued under any act of Congress. Notes
of national banks, and United States notes,
"legal-tender notes," so called, held as money,
may be considered embraced within this ex-
emption.
The allegation is that the statutes of Ohio
and of other Stales which authorize the assess-
ment and taxation of "money on band" are
defeated by these provisions, because they allow
a tax-payer to put his "money on hand," de-
posits in banks or the like, in the form of Uni-
ted States notes or notes of national banks, and
thus bring it technically within the exemption I
have referred to.
The purpose of the present bill is of course
not to affect existing securities held as such,
but to leave them as they are, exempt from
taxation, thus maintaining inviolate the public
faith, but to reach "money on hand." It not
having been the design or understanding that
money as such should be withdrawn from tax-
ation by the States, by the action of Congress,
it is deemed warrantable and right to remove
a pretext for shunning liability to respond to
the requisitions of local authority. Unless fur-
ther information or explanation is required I
will demand the previous question.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to ask the gentle-
man a question.
Mr. CONKLING. I withdraw the previous
question to hear it.
Mr. STEVENS. At the time we issued the
legal-tender notes by the law the man who re-
ceived legal-tender notes was entitled to hold
them free from taxation if I understand the
law. Now, the only difficulty in my mind is
whether it is competent for or fair in Congress
to alter the law in regard to our obligations.
Mr. CONKLING. That is a very fair and
very cogent criticism, because it goes to the
question whether we are not violating the pub-
lic faith in passing such a bill as this. The
answer to it is this: the true intent and mean-
ing of Congress was not to exempt money, but,
on the contrary, to confine the exemption to
the securities of the United States—securities
which were bought and held as investments—
not to extend it to circulating medium passed
and used s&lely as currency. In most of the
States, or at any rate in several, no claim has
ever been set up that the exemption did extend
to money, although it might be in the form of
national currency or United States notes; on the
contrary, the assessors have proceeded, nobody
objecting, to assess money, if it was money, no
matter in what form. But the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] says that in his State such
a construction is put upon the acts of Congress
that they are held to mean, not only that Uni-
ted States notes held as money, but notes of na-
tional banks are above and beyond State tax-
ation, so that the tax-payer has only to exchange
his money or property into notes of the na-
tional banks or Federal money and all taxation
is evaded.
No such thing was meant; no such thing was
believed or relied upon by any one; no such
idea was acted on by the commercial commu-
nity ; it is a mere accident; and the bill which
we proposers simply to define and render cer-
tain what was, beyond all question, the original
meaning and the whole of it.
Let me remind the House what the object was
in declaring in its acts the immunity from taxa-
tion of Federal securities originally. Whether
an act of Congress making such a declaration
or omitting it alters the case one way or the
other is not the question, so I say nothing about
that. But whether the immunity inheres by
virtue of the Constitution or is derived from the
action of Congress, it is one of the incidents,
one of the unfortunate consequences of rais-
ing money upon the obligations of the United
States.
In order to float our bonds they must be
favored ; they must be free from burden by the
States; thus they are rendered valuable and
salable; thus buyers are attracted and induced
to advance their money. This was and is the
argument. Does this argument in law or rea-
son apply to money, to currency which is only
received in payment and uttered in payment?
Docs it apply to money more in the shape of
lawful paper money than of lawful metallic
money? Why " greenbacks" more than other
money? Their exemption, their immunity,
their special value consisted in the fact that
they were made like gold and silver a legal
tender in the discharge of every pecuniary ob-
ligation. It was this special quality and virtue,
and this alone, that characterized them and
made them the petted creatures of the statute,
and the idea of clothing them with the insidious
facility of passing from hand to hand and car-
rying with them a cloak with which to cover
up other property from the jurisdiction of the
States, never entered into the intention of Con-
gress as expressed 
Mr. LE BLOND. If the gentleman will per-
mit me, I desire to ask him a question.
Mr. CONKLING. With great pleasure.
Mr. LE BLOND. We desire upon this side
of the House to go for the gentleman's proposi-
tion. We believe it to be right. But we are
desirous of knowing whether in the event the
Democrats upon this side of the House vote for
his proposition, he will do as he did upon the
loan bill, turn round and defeat it because the
Democratic party are in favor of it ?
Mr. CONKLING. Will the gentleman tell
me how good a joke must be to bear repeating
three times in two days ? If I knew the value
of a joke which one iends to another after it
has been twice cracked, I might answer the
question, but without that information I am
loath to attempt a response.
Mr. LE BLOND. The gentleman did not
answer my question yesterday. Wc want him
to answer it to-day.
Mr. SPALDING. Will the gentleman from
New York yield to me for a moment?
Mr. CONKLING. I yield to the gentleman
from Ohio, holding the floor, however, for the
purpose of demanding the previous question.
Mr. SPALDING. I am satisfied with the
modified form in which the Committee of Ways
and Means have attempted to carry out what I
asked the House to consider on a former occa-
sion. I am satisfied with the bill as it stands,
and I think it ought to become a law.
I desire to say that the practice has been in
my State for many years, sometime duringthe
month of April prolsably, to send round assess-
ors and take lists of the taxable property, and
one of the items is money, on hand, money in
pocket, or money in bank subject to check.
Now, this practice has never been interrupted
as yet, but members of our Legislature, which
is now in session, hearing that we had passed
a law last year that would interfere with this
practice of taxing money on hand in the shape
of United States notes, desired me to introduce
some measure here that would call for legis-
lation^xplanatory of the subject andproviding
that they may have the same right which has
existed heretofore of taxing money on hand.
