1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8451
here and to the attention of the public else-
where. I trust that the resolution will bo acted
upon now.
The resolution was agreed to.
MINERAL LANDS.
Mr. STEWART. I move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. 257, and I trust we shall be able
to finish it this morning.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 25V) to regu-
late the occupation of mineral lands, and to
extend the right of preemption thereto, the
ponding question being on the amendment of
Mr. Nye to the amendment reported by the
Committee on Mines and Mining. The amend-
ment of Mr. Nye was to insert after the word
1' thereupon,'' in the fourteenth line of the third
section of the amendment of the committee,
the words "but said plat, survey, or description
shall in no ease cover more than one vein or
lode; and no patent shall issue for more than
one vein or lode, which shall be expressed in
the patent issued."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWA11T. There are two or three
verbal amendments which I wish to make. _ In
the first place, I move, in line two of section
three of the committee's amendment, to strike
out the words "plat and survey" and insert
"diagram." The amendment is merely to
avoid confusion, because the word "plat" is
used in another connection.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In the same section after
the word "act," in line three, I move to in-
sert " and posting the same in a conspicuous
place on the claim together with a notice of
intention to apply for a patent."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. i
Mr. STEWART. In section three, after
the word "notice," in the amendment already
inserted in line twelve, I move to insert "and
giving satisfactory evidence that said diagram
and notice have been posted on the claim dur-
ing said period of ninety days." This amend-
niont was suggested, by the Senator from Indi-
ana, [Mr. Hendricks.]
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In section four, line twelve,
after the word "discoverer," I move to insert
the words "of the lode."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. In line ten of the same
section I move to strike out "three" and in-
sert "two so as to read, "that no location
hereafter made shall exceed two hundred feet
in length along the vein for each locator."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. STEWART. At the end of the fourth
section I move to insert:
And provided further, That no persoin may make
more than one location on the panic lode, ana not
mare than three thousand feet shall be taken in any
one claim by any association of persons.
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion now is on the amendment as amended.
Mr. CONNESS. What is the amendment?
Mr. STEWART. The substitute reported
by the committee.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Is the
reading of the amendment asked for?
Mr. "CONNESS. No, sir.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask for the reading oi
the amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. The amendment is the
whole bill. It l^s been printed, and it is
hardly worth while to consume time by read-
incr it. i i •
GRIMES. It has been amended in
many respects since it was printed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. When the bill was last
under consideration I made a motion to strike
out certain sections, and I submit to the Chair
that that"motion is now ponding.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sen-
tor from Oregon is right. The question is on
his motion to strike out sections two, three,
four, five, six, seven, and eight of the amend-"
mcnt reported by the Committee on Mines
and Mining.
Mr. WILLIAMS. My intention was to make
some extended remarks upon the subject-mat-
ter of this bill and upon the project of selling
the mineral lands ; but as the time of the Sen-
ate is so precious I will not tax its patience
with any speech upon that subject, but content
mj'self with reading an extract irom a letter
which I have in my hands, which seems to me
to state one sufficient and fatal objection to this
bill and to all other bills of a similar^nature.
I do not produce the letter as authority ; but
if the Senate will hear what the writer says, of
course it can judge ot the correctness and suffi-
ciency of his statements. He says:
" 13v the pros reports in late morning paper-', I see
that the hill providing for the saleot our mineral
lands was heforo the Senate on the ISth instant; and
lnote your motion to stnke out, the second toeighth
sections, inclusive. That bill i^ hidon with infinito
mischief to.thc'grcat mining interests of the Pacific
States ancV Territories, and your proposition would
retain only such partsoftho bill aaarejust and proper,
and which, if a law, would tend to prodneo the most
rapid development of the mines and tho largest yield
oi the precious metals." 55 y * *
" 1 hope tho biil may not pass, but that it will so
over to another Congress, or at least, to t ho next ses-
sion, in order that the mining men of our country may
be heaid from, and that fSonators may bo more fully
advised. , . .
"Butthatforwhich 1 most desire to write i^ nye-
gard to a great feature of quart / mimns th.it i;> wholly
i^noied in this bill; an in! erc-<t wutch, in my opin-
ion, is of paramount importance. 1 allude to tho
rights and interests of tunnels and tunnel companies;
organizations of miners lormed for tho purpose oi
running deep-dram tunnels or adits, commencing tho
same, of course, always low down at the toot ot the hill
or slope or mountain in which lie the mm ei al-beanng
lodes or veins; and with tho \ icw of mining on tho
same at greater depths than is practicable, and some-
tunes even possible, ior the same lodes to bo workul
by those miners or companies who claim on tho out-
cropping veins upon tlic crest or surface of the hill,
and who work through shafts sunk perpendicularly.
These tunnel projects and companies arc numerous
in California, in Nevada, arid in Idaho, and arc fast
bccoming*the great feature of silver mining, and, as 1
confidently behove, will ultimately piovo tho most
succch.-lul way of getting out tho ores containing tie
piccious metals; especially in all distnets where the
topography of the country is such as to render deep
tunneling practicable. Individual* or corn panics en-
gaged in this kind of mining often make no claim
originally to the lodes at the surface, but run their
work into the mountain to discover, 'if haply they
may find them.' Senators need to bo reminded that
gold and silver Quartz lodes are not like iron or coal
or galena or copper mines. They are general lyiound
in narrow veins of one foot to live or seven loci in
thickness, sometimes, though rarely, extending to fif-
teen or twenty feet. The*o stand often perpendicular
and sometimes with a sligiitdip or angle ki the mount-
ain. To measure and make sale of these, by rods
and acres upon tho surface, would be liko measuring
a string by square rule, or determining the length
and height of a paiiy-wall by cube measurement. #
"Gold and silver quart 7. mining m our country is in
its infancy; tho customs and rules among miners,
even, which should govern it are being lormed and
c-tabli>hed by tho light of exporienec. Almost all
that has yet been done has been by a surface skim-
niin"* and pit-hole process, while the vast and deep
lodes of precious oi c lie yet undiscovered. I ho < om-
atock lode m Nevada was discovered in IS >8. and the
mines of Idaho, Montana, and Colorado in years of
age development can be counted upon tho lingers oi
a single hand. Tho experience, however de-ired m
thi^ elfiss of mining, all over the woild shows a very
uniform law that where true fissure veins have been
discovered they may be relied upon ior a gradual
increase in width and richness to the greatest depth
possible ior tho miner to obtain.
"The lowest working levels m the quarts mines ot
Nevada arc only from four hundred Jo five hundred
and twenty-five feet, tho lowest developments be-
ing from «ix hundred to seven hundred and fifty 1<M;
••nd few mines only are below two hundred and iiity
feet in depth. Thogreat obstacles m the way of suc-
cessful mining upon thc<e quartz-bearing lodes are
rapid accumulation of watei m the rdiaits and cham-
hCr« and the want of ea^y ventilation. Ihesc can
bo best obviated by deep-drain funnels. And m the
long run legitimate and succcscful mining in our
count!y, where the topography of a district will ad-
mit, must be carried on through this means ot ap-
proach. .
"Now, sec how this proposed hiUwillwork. lunnci
milieu and tunnel companies make no claim to lodes
or veins by surface discovery ordevrtopmcnt i some-
times there are no outcropping*, but the wons. ib
begun and prosecuted upon thclaith of certain m U-
cftfiona; hi the language of the miner, (hey' run ior
the blind lodes;' and if any have been located upon
the mountain they prosecute the work of their tun-
nels so as to striko or toueti the lodos nearly at right
angles to their general course. They pass on into
the mountain, cutting as many lodes as thoy may be •
able to reach, and mine upon such as prove oi siirn-
cient width or richness to warrant the work, by drift-
ing or chambering along the lode, both to the right
and left, of the tunnel line; and all the ore as <mar-
lied is removed to the mouth of tho tunnel in bar-
rows or in hand-cars, thenec to the mills for crushing
and reduction. In this manner the miners through,
a tunnel may honey-comb nil tho lodes iu a hill or
mountain whero their tunnel penetrates, and make
no work upon and assert no claim to the surface or
area of the ground. By tho local laws and customs*
as now established in mining dutrictrf, thero is no con-
nection of interest or of title or of woiking with
those miners who at the same timemay bo prospect-
ing and raising ore through shafts sank, perhaps,
upon tho same lodes at tho surfaco or on tho top of
tho mountain. Both parties pursue their work, it
mav be ior years, until they chance toeome together;
th oil piioiity of right id simplydctermined by prior-
ity of possession. These tunnols, as a general thing,
arc projected so far below the surface claims, that
there call bono inteiierenco; lather eaoh proves a
valuable aid andally in two work of tho other. The
surface miner could not prosecute his work to a great
depth if tho tunnel was not below, through which he
may hope for drainage and vent ilat,ion, and an ad-
ditional outlet for the ore in his deep chambers; and
tho tunnel can the better bo run by making a con-
nection with nil tho shafts which may bo«unk fiom
time to time along tho lodes. 1 venture the predic-
tion that in twenty years of all the millions of bul-
lion to be extracted irom the gold and silver-bearing
quaitz veins, nineteen twentieths will be obtained
from ores thatshallbo brought to the reduction nulls
by and through deep drain tunnels; provided that
our Congress does not cripplo oi rum these interests
by legislation such as is proposed in this bill.
"Look at tho gieat mines of Euiope and wo shall
find almost all valuable explorations and develop-
ments made thiough tunnels such as I have at-
tempted to do.-enbe. in thofamous Pucburgtubax-
ony> mines a great drain tunnel ot several miles m
length has been inn, through which much of the oro
fiom lodes that could be reached by perpendicular
shafts of a few hundied feet is taken out. In Nevada
and in Idaho 1 am cognizant ot seveial lino, tunnols
whiehhnve boon pro) cot cd. Some of them already run
a length ot three tofour hundred feet, and which will
sti ikeor cut \ aluable lodes at adepthof live hundred
t o lilt con bundled feet, and in afew eases two thousand
fed. below the sulfate. For all these valuaolo and
(to our countrv) tho most important mining enter-
prises ami lights theio mem this bill no provisions
for protection or recognition. They arc totally ig-
nored in a proposition to sell gold and silver lodes
by the same survey and measurement with which one
mi^ht buy and sell a coal mine or a stone quarry.
The pi o\ isions in the second and ninth sections ot
tho bill do not and cannot, be construed to apply to
them. Tho present mining laws and customs rogu-
late and protect them; but let the hiirtaceclaimants
oneo get then* patents, po^'o^sing them in fee oi the
area of the mountains filled with hnles, ami how and
where would tho tunnel miner's right and interest
ho found? , . , . .  
"The gold and silver-bearing quartz lands of the
public domain ought never to be sold. Tho veins of
oro which by the miners' custom ami law arc deter-
mined and held lor work, by lineal measurement,
arc all, absolutely all. that are valuable in tho do-
mnhfcio induce sctllement, discovery, and develop-
ment. Ilemovo those lodes and tho lands would not
bo worth a farthing for a thousand acres; Nevada
and Colorado andAiizona and New Mcxico would
become, for the most part, uninhabited deserts; and
Idaho and Montana would he totally abandoned to
the roving Indians: the inducements which attract
and hold our sturdy settlers in all (hose localities
would be gone, entirely gone, there is somewhere
l in an oriental country a curious provision about title
to tho realty, which is somewhat akin to tho cus-
toms and rules among miners. A man in ispahau
may buy a town lot, and it not expressed in the deed
iiasnot'tho right to build his houfc above a single
st<>rv, but tho oi i gin a I proprietor owns the an; above
and ean add a second or third story. Now, if Con-
gress arc to insi>t upon a sale of the mineral land?,
and will provide for two or three stories or strata ot
titles ihiough the mountains, in which arediscov-
ered the go hi and silvcr-bearingquartz veins, wo may
be able to adjust tho mi nets law to th^ n°j.
Congress. And wherever the surface claims shall
sell at live dollars per acre they may be Mauri d that
the basement floor in the mineral m.nision will bin
at fifty dollars !>«■ acre; and the sub-basement, say
one thousand leet below, at frjOO per acre.
Mr. STEWART. .Whois the writer of that
letter? .
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not propose to give
the name to the Senate, as it is a private letter
and addressed to me, and 1 claim nothing lor
the author. If what lie says in the letter is
not in itself entitled to any weight, thou, of
course, it will not be so considered ; but 1 sub-
rait whether the arguments made in that letter
arc not of eonsequcnce. They embrace one
objection which I intended to make in case I
addressed the Senate generally upon this ques-
tion; but so far as this particular hill is con-
cerned, it. seems to mo this man understands
the bill, and 1 think lie understand* the subject
about whicli he writes ; and as he has expressed
