1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2491
before a military tribunal; if you have the evi-
dence by which you can show that these men
violated the laws of war, then they are prop-
erly triable before a military tribunal. You
cannot try them for treason before it. That is
pretty clear, I think.
! I go on to the next resolution, which is also
significant of the position which this party
occupied in 1864:
"That we approve the determination of the Gov-
ernment of tlio United States not to compromise with
rebels or to offer any terms of peace except such as
may bo based upon an unconditional surrender of
their hostility and a return of their just allegiance
to the Constitution and laws of the United States."
That is right. If we had any right to make
war at all, our right was founded in the fact
that these people were bound by the Constitu-
tion and laws. If we had any authority to
strike with I lie sword at all, that was the source
from which we derived it; and having struck
for that purpose, this resolution declares that
it is tit and proper that nothing less shall sat-
isfy us. Have they returned to their allegiance ?
Are they submissive to the Constitution and
the laws ? Then they have accepted our terms.
What is now proposed? Now, it is proposed
to ratify the ordinances of secession next.
First you ratify the Chicago platform of 1864
by declaring the war to be a failure and that
the Union will not restore, and then you pro-
pose to ratify the secession ordinances, you
propose to treat these States as though they
were out of the Union and to make terms with
them in order that they shall come back.
Think of it! Make terms I
Mr. EDMUNDS. I should like to ask a
question of my friend from Pennsylvania;
whether, in his opinion, the political crime of
treason does not justly involve the political
punishment of a forfeiture' of political rights
on the part of the traitor?
Mr. COWAN. I can answer that very dis-
tinctly, and without a moment's hesitation.
The political crime of treason, or any other
crime in this country, incurs just such forfeit-
ure as the laws impose upon it, and no more
and no less; and I have no doubt that my
learned friend from Vermont will see in an
instant that that is vital and is essential to the
very theory of our Constitution and laws. This
is a Government of law, and not of arbitrary
will on the part of anybody.
Mr. EDMUNDS. I would remind my friend
that my question was whether, in his opinion,
the political crime of treason did not justly
involve the forfeiture of the political rights of
the traitor as a theory of government. I was
not discussing the question of indictments at
law, but the general principles of government.
Mr. COWAN. Well, Mr. President, if the
honorable Senator means that the Congress of
the United States can impose as a forfeiture
upon a community for rebellion the loss of
their political rights, I deny it in toto; and I
deny further that the Congress of the United
States can impose for any offense any punish-
ment whatever upon anybody. It is expressly
provided in the Constitution that no bill of
attainder shall be passed and no ex post facto
law made; and what for ? For the very pur-
pose of preventing that. What did the Parlia-
ment of England do after a rebellion ? It_ sat
down and put the names of leading traitors into
an act of Parliament, Parliament^ being the
judge, being clothed with the judicial author-
ity, and by an act of Parliament imposed the
penalties of treason upon all those named in it.
That was a bill of attainder. It was called a
bill of attainder when the blood of the persons
charged with crimes was corrupted, when they
could not inherit, when nobody could inherit
through them. If it imposed any less punish-
ment it was called a bill of pains and penalties ;
and if this Congress were to pass a bill by which
any State in this Union or the people of any
State were deprived of any of their rights as a
punishment, that would be, properly speaking,
a bill of pains and penalties. The_ Supreme
Court of the United States have decided that,
as the greater includes the less, bills of attain-
der being forbidden, bills of pains and penalties
are also forbidden.
The Constitution provides again that no ex
post facto law, no law shall be passed which
imposes a punishment upon an offense which
was not the punishment due to the offense
when it was committed. I know you do not
like the law. The law has been the bugbear
all the way. After a war of four or five years,
to get back to the Constitution and the law is
difficult. Of course none of you want the law;
you do not appeal to the law; you appeal to
the committee of fifteen; you appeal to a con-
stitutional amendment; you appeal to some
new regulation that is to be made. Why not
appeal to the law ? If a deprivation of polit-
ical rights can be imposed upon a community,
where is the law for it, where is it found? It
is not found in our Constitution; it is not
found in the history of the country; it is not
found anywhere here; and this is a Govern-
ment of written law.
Mr. EDMUNDS. May I ask my friend from
Pennsylvania if it is not found in the general
laws of nature, by which all communities are
entitled to exclude from the functions of so-
ciety persons who are dangerous to it?
Mr. COWAN. I am sorry that every man
in the nation is not fully and thoroughly im-
pregnated with the doctrine that there is no
such thing as absolute power in this land. Com-
munities h ave power in a state of nature ; but
communities have found that when they dele-
gate that power belonging to them in a state of
nature to parliaments, omnipotent parliaments,
parliaments abuse power; they found when
they delegated it to monarehs that monarchs
abused the power; and our fathers when they
established this Government limited its powers,
and they said to their rulers, " You shall have
no power except that which we delegate to
you." Now, I agree that if (his was the Par-
iiamentofGreatBritain, omnipotent, notbound
or fettered by any constitution of delegated
powers, we might do that; we might impose
upon a State the penalty of forfeiture of polit-
ical rights for what we supposed was political
treason. But that is not the case. It is not
true. The law is different. This is a Govern-
ment of law, written, express law ; and ho who
attempts under it to exercise any authority or
control whatever over his fellow-men, by way
of punishment, must show that he has the law
on his side.
But I was going on to state that the resolu-
tions of the Baltimore platform forbade any
offer of terms to the States in rebellion. I am
opposed to-day to any offer of terms. When
you offer terms to your antagonist you mean
that he has a right to reject them. If you offer
terms to the southern States, what do you
mean? Do you mean that they may reject
them ? If you do not, it is a very strange prop-
osition of terms. And suppose they do reject
tliem, what then? You have either to satisfy
yourselves with that which you have now, or
you have to enforce your terms by another war.
You make a war first to compel them to come
to the terms of the Constitution and laws, and
then you make war to compel them to other
and new terms!
Mr. President, the common sense of the
American people never will agree to reconcile
itself with that doctrine; and to talk about
" indemnity for the past and security for the
future" is as utterly idle as the idle wind that
blows about the very topmost dome of the
Capitol. "Indemnity for the past and secu-
rity for the future " is well enough in foreign
wars and in disputes between foreign Govern-
ments; but who ever heard of a sovereign
stipulating for terms with his rebellious sub-
jects? The terms are that you must submit to
the law; and when the rebellion is put down
and you are in the grasp of the law^he law is
satisfied. Offer terms to rebels! Terms to
the rebel States! If you do that you ratify the
ordinances of secession, and you admit that
they are out and that they are treating with
you on equal footing. We made the war to
compel these people to observe the Constitu-
tion and the law. ,• Are you satisfied? If you.
want more you must pat them on a footing to
treat with you, or else you must compel them,
to more; and when you compel them to more,
where is your right?
Mr. President, it is said here that an attempt
has been made to reconcile with the President
of the United States. Why, sir, I can say that
this war upon the President is a war of that
society of which I spoke ; I can say that its
inspiration comes not only from people in this
country, but one half of it comes from Eng-
land, where one half of the society is; and I
can tell you, sir, that the programme of the
war upon the President was published in a
letter from England in one of the loading
journals in this country written before this Con-
gress met, in which it was laid down that the
President must be attacked and that the Pres-
ident must be restrained even to the verge of
war. I refer to a letter. of Professor New-
man to a friend in this country. The professor
is well known. The person to whom the letter
was written is unknown. If he is present, he can
avow it. That letter was dated November
8, 1865, and it contains, not only the animus
of this war upon the President, bat it contains
exactly and particularly the animus of the
party who assail the President.
'' My dear friend''—and I may remark at the
outstart that its tone is almost as lugubrious
and doleful as that of my friend from Massa-
chusetts when he tells us of his praying men
and women on their bended knees beseeching
Ileaven to protect them against the President,
or against the doubts of the President—
"My Dear Friend: I confess that it makes me
sorrowful to write to you. I havo indeed put it off
on that account."
ITo had evidently been written to before and
had not answered as promptly as was proper.
" In ymir war T was never gloomy. X did not lose
heart after Fredericksburg. But I am becoming
Bloomy now. Korean I get comfort from otherminds.
All whom I meet that were your warm friends in
the war are more or less sad, some direly so: but
those who were your bitter enemies think President
Johnson 'very judicious,' and seem highly con-
tented." ' ■'
That is a favorite argument with this set, and
always has been ; it is not a question whatyou
say or what you believe, but what does some-
body else say. I suppose that nothing could
so far condemn a man in their eyes as that the
Democratic party should approve of what he
does. Why is that? I think a man should be
thankful for having the approval of an oppo-
sition. I think it shows that his conduct is, as
this writer says, "judicious," when even his
political opponents approve it. Remember
these men say they stood by Lincoln. Profes-
sor Newman goes on to say :
"You all had the fond hope—and in spito of Mr.
Lincoln's weakness, so had I—that this was to be your
only civil war. You fought it with magnificent, un-
sparing energy, in order to give peaco forever to your
children. But the ghastly vision now rises over me,
and makes me sick, that you are doomedto 10How
in the bloody routine of the Old World. With us it
is an axiom, that Icings have to be deposed and a
dynasty exiled before they cease to conspire against
the constitution."
That may be an axiom, but it lias not proved
true in Europe. The King generally goes back
there, or has done so far. They roll their heads
sometimes off the scaffold, but they restore the
son, or the heir in some way usually gets to the
throne afterward.
" I now miserably forebode thatyouwillhave a civil
war to decide whether President or Congress is to set
the policy of the Union."
Here is the Englishman talking as good Mas-
sachusetts doctrine as if he had been bred and
born there. You will have to have a civil war
between the President and Congress in order
to determine who shall set the policy of the
nation? Did not this writer know that the pol-
icy was set in the convention at Baltimore ?
Did he not know that neither the President nor
Congress set policies here except each in its own
department? There was no policy about it.
The question was to compel a parcel ot recal-
citrant people to return to their obedience to
