52
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[January 27,
Ho. oi1 Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Smith.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
to represent them are the authorized power of
the district and State to send this Representa-
tive, and should be recognized and are recog-
nized as such. Mr. Lincoln asserted the same
doctrine. He said:
"ThepeopleofVirginiah&ve thus allowed the giant
insurrection to make its nest within her borders;
and this Government has no choice left but to deal
with it where it finds it. And it has the less regret, as
the loyal citizens have, in due form, claimed its pro-
tection. Those loyal citizens this Government is
bound to recognize and protect as being Virginia."
There was the Chief Executive of the Union,
nominated and elected by ns; the great head
of our party; not only elected by the Union
party in 1860, but, on the doctrine enunciated
in this proclamation and this message, went
before the people again in 1864, and notwith-
standing a combination of politicians to destroy
Mm and put others in his place, the great Amer-
ican people rallied around him. The people
stood by him because they were opposed to
secession in every form; and ho was more
triumphantly elected to the presidential chair
than any man since the days of Washington.
Mr. Lincoln went further on that subject.
He said:
"Our States haveneithcr more nor less power than
that reserved to them in the Union by the Consti-
tution—no one ever having: been a Stato out of the
Union."
Now, I submit, by what process of reasoning
* can gentlemen come to the conclusion that when
war is waging, and while a vast majority of the
people of a State are in insurrection against
the Government; its Legislature in session; its
Congress in session; its army in the field, and
we having jurisdiction over a small portion of
the territory—1 ask how can we, with all that
resistance, all that force trampling down the
Constitution, the laws, and the authority of the
Government, claim that the State was iq the
Union and could not go out; and yet, when the
war is over; when there is not an armed rebel
in the field anywhere in the broad land; when
there is not a hand uplifted against the enforce-
ment of the laws and the Constitution, it shall
be claimed that these States are not within the
Union, and not entitled to representation in
Congress?
Now, on that point I shall call the attention of
the House to the remarks of the distinguished
gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Shellaharger] in
regard to the constitutional power of the Gov-
ernment over the States. He claims that these
States are not States in the Union for govern-
mental purposes; but let us see. This very day,
while I ain addressing you, your Constitution
is the supreme law of the land overall of them;
it *is regulating commerce among them; it re-
quires .Representatives and Senators (if they
were here) to reside in their respective States;
it is prohibiting the States from entering into
treaties, alliances, or confederations, coining
money, emitting bills of credit, making any tiling
but gold and silver coin a tender for debt; pass-
ing any bill of attainder or ex post facto law, or
law impairing the obligation of contracts ; from
taxing imports or exports without consent of
Congress; from laying tonnage duty; from keep-
ing troops or ships of war in time of peace;
from entering into any compact with another
State or foreign Power; from engaging in war
unless invaded, or in imminent danger thereof;
from refusing to give full faith to records, &c.,
of other States; from refusing to surrender fugi-
tives from justice or labor; in requiring States
to be tried in the courts of the United States;
requiring all their officers to take an oath to
support the Constitution ; requiringthemto pay
State's proportion of direct taxes; in prohibit-
ing either State from conferring any other emol-
ument upon the President than his salary; in
requiring them to furnish at command of the
President their militia; and in subordinating
their judges, constitutions, and laws, to the Con-
stitution, laws, and treaties of the United States
as "the supreme law of the land."
I have repeated almost word for word from
the speech of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr.
Shellabargek,] and I ask, over whom or what
do these provisions of the Constitution operate?
Certainly, sir, over States, and the people
thereof, for the Constitution in the cases men-
tioned deals alone with States. There was a
time, it was short, however, in the life of a na-
tion, or even a man, that these powers of the
national Constitution were suspended and in-
operative. In many of the States but for a few
months, a few weeks, in some of them nearly
four years ; but now perfect, complete, unob-
structed, and unquestioned authority is granted
to this instrument'' as the supreme law of the
land."
Nay, more; they have gone further, and
complied with the policies of the Government
adopted since the rebellion began. Nearly all
the States have remodeled their constitutions
and abolished slavery; they have repudiated
the rebel debt; the loyal men are rejoicing and
clapping their hands in gratitude for their
deliverance, while hundreds and thousands of
those who were in the rebellion are seeking
pardon and a restoration to citizenship under
the flag and Constitution of the Union.
Mr. Lincoln^ went further, and in ■ the proc-
lamation of December 8, 1863, he specified the
means on which restoration to peace might be
had, and enumerating the States in rebellion,
he asserted the power he had over these people
to grant them pardons under certain conditions.
If they are not States and have not violated
the laws or Constitution of the United States,
what authority has the executive department
to issue proclamations of pardon to the various
members of those communities? What power
has he under the Constitution, or what author-
ity has Congress und?r the Constitution of the
United States, to compel them as States, by the
appointment and confirmation of officers, to
execute the judicial rights of the Government
in those States, and to collect from them taxes
and revenue for the defense of the Govern-
ment?
Now, sir, in regard to the position ofthe rebels,
I say that is a different and separate proposi-
tion. If you come to me and ask me what I
would do with the rebels, 1 have an answer to
five you. "When you ask me whether a State has
een out of the Union 1 answer as I have always
answered, and as every gentleman on this door
has answered, with the exception of one or two,
that they never have and never can get out of
the Union except in two ways. One is by the
consent of three fourths of the States of the
Union; the other is by successful rebellion.
When they have accomplished the one or the
other of these then they are out—otherwise not.
And we spent $3,000,000,000 to keep them in.
We gave five hundred thousand men to keep
them in. We have lost a vast deal. We have
spread the habiliments of mourning all over this
land, and there is scarcely a hearth-stone in the
land that is not, mourning to-day because of the
departure of some loved one, all to maintain the
integrity of the Constitution, and to keep these
States in the Union.
And are we now 16 admit as members of Con-
gress those who have dyed their hands in the
blood of their loyal countrymen ? I answerno,
emphatically no. I maintain that the rule for
us to lay down as the just, the consistent, the
true one—the rule by which wo can stand, and
by which the Americanpeople stand, and around
which they will rally by thousands and millions,
is, that no State has been out of this Union,
but they are all in it; that the people whom
you tax according to the Constitution are en-
titled to representation in Congress ; but if they
do not send the right kind of men. good men,
loyal men, men who can do as we have done—
stand before the altar of this House, and with
uplifted hand swear before God and man that
they have never done anything to overthrow and
destroy this Government, send them back and
let their people send another, and if he cannot
take the oath, let them keep on Bending men
until they give us one who can be properly qual-
ified to sit in the great Legislature of the nation.
Do you suppose that any Union man in this
country by taking the position I.have taken now,
and that I have assumed all through the war—■
proving my faith by my works—taking the
position that no State is out of the Union, that
it ought not to go on!:, that the States that
attempted to do so engaged in an unjust and
unholy war 7
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman al-
low me?
Mr. SMITH. As soon as I get through my
sentence. Having witnessed so many scenes
of blood and terror, can I ever vote for the ad-
mission of those who have been guilty of so
much erime and wrong to take part in our legis-
lation here? By no means, sir; for one, I can-
not do it.
Mr. BROOMALL. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether ho means by the State the body-
politic or the mere land; whether, when he says
that no State has gone out of the Union, he
means that the body-politic of the old State of
South: Carolina has not gone out.
Mr. SMITH. It is a very curious question
whether a State is merely a geographical line
or a piece of land—territory described as such.
It cannot be a State without it has people in it.
It mtist have land, water, wood, something to
eat, cattle, horses, sheep, hogs, and everything
that belongs to the agricultural department as
well as the mechanical departments. It must
have men and women in it. It must have an
organization. It must have a Governor, a Legis-
lature, a judiciary, to be a State. When it has
got these, and is recognized by Congress, it is
a Stdte. And all these States have been thus
reorganized and recognized by Congress. The
stature is not repealed.
Mr. BROOMALL. Will the gentleman allow
me to ask  .
The CHAIRMAN. Doesthc gentlemanfrom
Kentucky yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania?
Mr. SMITH. If he is satisfied with the posi-
tion that ground does not make a State.
Mr. BROOMALL. I am satisfied that the
gentleman does not mean the organized body-
politic, when ho says a State is not out of the
Union. Now, I ask him whether the reorgan-
ized body-politic now existing in South Carolina
is the same that existed there six years ago;
is a legitimate succcssion in any legal or civil
point of view of the former one.
Mr. SMITH. I will answer the question with
pleasure. I say that the reorganized body-poli-
tic in South Carolina to-day is not the one that
was there in 1800, and so I answer that the re-
organized State government of Kentucky to-day
is not the one that was there in 1800. Because
in 1880 we had a rebel Governor, and a rebel
Legislature; in 1861 we had a Union Governor
and a Union Legislature; in 1804 and 1805 we
had a Union Governor and a very rebellious
Legislature; and so the thing is changing. But
in the State of South Carolina the State organi-
zation was suspended by the result of their in-
surrection, and their efforts to overthrow that
government as it related for the time being to
this Government. But there was always from
the time the rebellion began an organization
in that State against the Government; and after
the rebellion was put down, and there being no
loyal judges, legislators, or Governor, the Presi-
dent of the United States had a right, as was
done by President Johnson, to appoint a mili-
tary governor to exercise the functions of Gov-
ernor until the people could resume the powers
of government, and put to work the entire ma-
chinery.
Now, the people of South Carolina have es-
tablished their State government; they have
elected their Governor; they have elected their
Legislature; they have them, and they have
their judiciary. I am not defending rebels, but
I wish to submit this question to my friend from
Pennsylvania, and I hope he will answer it. I
