3452
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
my views upon that point in a better form than
I could express them, I have taken the liberty
. to read this extract from his letter; and I sub-
mit what he has said to the consideration of
Senators.
Mr. STEWART. I will simply say in regard
to that letter that it is a very good argument
against Julian's bill in the House of Repre-
sentatives, which is a proposition to sell the
lands and let them go into private hands ; but
so far from injuring the development of that
country by tunneling, this bill is the very thing
to encourage it. It provides that when a man
has found a vein and improved it to the extent
of $1,000 he may get a title. That is the very
thing that the tunneling companies want. I
know a great many men engaged in that work.
I have many constituents engaged in it. They
are all pressing for a title when they find a
vein. They say, if we run into the mountain
and take the chances we want the privilege of
buying the vein when we discover it. This
bill will allow them to buy nothing but the
vein, and expressly, in so many words, holds
the entire country open to development. The
argument in that letter as to the inconveniences
that would arise apply to Julian's bill, which
would sell the lands and stop the development.
This is simply a confirmation of the present
title enabling the miners—those who are work-
ing in good faith—when they have spent their
money in this way, to acquire titles and to have
no further difficulty about it, and keeping the
entire country open. If I could have five min-
utes' conversation with the writer of that let-
ter, explain the bill to him, and let him read
the section so as to understand it, he would be
a warm advocate of the bill. He evidently has
not read it, and ho has fallen into the popular
prejudice of supposing that the land is to bo
sold in rectangular form between perpendicu-
lar lines. It has been explained that that can-
not be done. A vein pitches into a hill, and a
perpendicular line would cut it up into pieces.
He speaks of that. This bill provides for sell-
ing the vein, following it into the earth, with its
natural angles and dips. None of the objec-
tions which he urges are applicable to this bill.
This is simply a confirmation of the miner's title.
The writer of that letter would be'more rejoiced
at the passage of this bill, if he understood it,
than of any other measure. I see that from
the reading of the letter. I know he would be
in favor of the bill, if he understood it, from
what he says.
Mr. HENDRICKS. A year ago the Senator
from Nevada, and I think the Senators from
California and Oregon, asked us to oppose the
granting of an appeal from the highest courts
of the Territories to the Supreme Court of the
United States in cases involving the rights of
miners. I heard the able argument, I recol-
lect., of the Senator from Nevada with interest,
and I became satisfied that the views expressed
by him and the other Senators from the Pacific
coast were correct upon that question ; and I
joined with them in advocating their views
upon the ground that the interests of the coun-
try required that the usages and customs of the
miners should be maintained. Those usages
could not be respected in the Supreme Court
of the United States, and therefore I felt it to
be my duty to vote with them in opposition to
that measure. Now, sir, they ask us to go
much further than that, not alone to recognize
the rights, customs, and habits of the miners,
but to attempt to vest a title in the mines in
•favor of the particular occupant. I do not
think that can be safely done. I shall vote
for the proposition of the Senator from Oregon
to strike out the sections which he proposes to
strike out. If the Senators will prepare a bill
and present it, recognizing and establishing the
usages and customs of the miners, I shall give
it my support. If the Senators are afraid that
at any time the officers of the Government will
interfere with the miners in the prosecution of
their business according to their own customs,
1 am willing by law to say that it shall not be
done; but to go further than that I think is
not safe. • I cannot vote for this bill.
Mr. CONNESS. I only wish to say now
that this bill contains more than has been
stated by the Senator, who regards it as a bill
tOk enable the miner engaged in vein-running
to obtain a title to his mine when that vein
has been well defined. It does more, I say; it
proposes to allow the Interior Department to
segregate the mining from the agricultural
lands in the vast and mighty area that is now
unsurveyed and not subject to sale, and in
which no title is obtainable to lands for any
purpose. There is nothing better understood,
I apprehend, when it is brought to the minds
of men, than that improvements of a perma-
nent character for the purposes of vine-grow-
ing, or for agriculture in all its departments,
horticulture, pomology, &c., cannot take place
nor be made with security unless there is a
title to the land upon which they are proposed
to be made. Those improvements never were
made and never can be made and never will
be made, to_ the extent that a good form of
society requires, until title is • obtained to the
land on which they are to be made, so that
there will be an absolute ownership in the party
that invests his labor and his capital; and, sir,
a society without the refinements and domestic
provisions that the class of improvements to
which I have referred furnish hardly can be
called a society at all.
This segregation of the vast masses of the
public domain within what is called, in gen-
eral terms, the mining region, is so necessary
that that particular part of this, bill is of the
greatest possible consequence to the entire
population. One of the greatest vagaries of
thB letter-writer, as I noticed while the letter
was being read, is that he says that the entire
area of the country is worth nothing except to
the miner alone for mining purposes. Why,
sir, it contains the finest lands under the sun,
within, in many instances, the finest climates
on the face of the earth. But he says not an
inch, or some small part, to a thousand acres
of it would be occupied by men unless for its
mining value. Why, sir, I have my residence
and home in California at an elevation in the
mountains of twenty-five hundred feet above
the level of the sea. There in my garden grow
all the finer qualities of the grape that we
import from Europe. The Royal Muscat of
Alexandria, that is grown in every other coun-
try than ours under glass, is grown there with-
out any respect to season whatever. So with
all the finer varieties which I might go on to
name : and a country like that, capable of pro-
duction of that kind, is to be left forever and
ever without the possibility of acquiring an
ownership to it simply because here and there
there is a mine ! '
Sir, I am in favor of miners. I believe them
in a new country and in our new country to be
a people particularly and especially deserving
encouragement and protection, and by no vote
nor act of mine would I invade any right of
theirs. We do not propose to sell, as is proposed
to be sold in the House bill referred to by the
Senator from Nevada, known as Julian's bill,
the entire mining area by the acre; we do not
propose to" interfere now with the disposition
of what are known as the placer mines; but
we propose, for the purpose of giving a cer-
tainty of ownership, for the purpose of invit-
ing capital in the production of the precious
metals, to ascertain vein mines, and to give a
title to the actual occupier. I say to the hon-
orable Senator from Indiana, who has always,
1 concede—and I am glad to pay him the com-
pliment in, this connection—seen with a clear
eye what was best for that country, and has
heretofore expressed and does now express the
most liberal opinions in regard to it, that this
bill proposes in legislation very little, and that
little going to the confirmation of what these
people themselves have done, not changing the
valuable system they have established in one
single jot or tittle, but carefully going thus far
and no further; and I cannot imagine any greater
boon to the occupants and owners of mines,
and to the occupants and owners of other im-
provements in those mighty and extensive
areas, than to give them gradually some means
of obtaining an absolute ownership and title.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Mr. President, I would
not have it understood that I dissent from the
views expressed by the Senator from Califor-
nia upon the importance of a separation of the
mineral and agricultural lands. I agree with
him that there are agricultural lands of very
great value to be found in the midst of the
mineral region, and it is of first importance
that the Government should take steps to ascer-
tain what lands are agricultural, with a view to
dispose of them to the agriculturist. I advo-
cated that during this session when I insisted
upon a' liberal appropriation to be placed under
the charge of the General Land Office for this
very purpose. But I ask that Senator, and I
ask other Senators, how the mineral lands and
the agricultural lands are to be separated. It
must be by examination, by a survey made by
competent men of some scientific information,
to say the least of it. It is a matter of fact to be
ascertained what lands are mineral and what
agricultural, and I will vote with that Senator
at any time for a very large appropriation to
ascertain and survey the agricultural lands that
they may be disposed of to the farmers.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not intend to pro-
tract this discussion, and I concur in what has
just been said by the Senator from Indiana. I
acknowledge that it is necessary that the agri-
cultural lands should be segregated from the
mineral lands of the country; but that does
not necessarily involve the survey and sale of
those lands that are acknowledged to be min-
eral lands—gold and silver-bearing lands. I
admit, too, that it would be desirable if titles
could be obtained to these mining claims, as
titles can be obtained to the agricultural por-
tion of the country; but I insist that it is im-
practicable at the present time to obtain such
titles, because complicated interests have arisen
in the mineral regions which will prevent the
acquisition of such titles without great injus-
tice to some portions of the community.
The writer of the letter which I read was
misunderstood by the Senator from California.
He said that Arizona, Nevada, and New Mex-
ico would substantially be of little value if it
were not for the mining interests of those coun-
tries; and I suppose upon that point there can
he little or no question. I think that the point
made by the writer of that letter against this
bill is well taken, and it is impossible for me
to see how this bill does provide for tunnel
companies in the mineral region or how the
interests of such companies are protected by
its provisions. The^ bill provides in section
four '"that no location hereafter made shall
exceed three hundred feet in length along the
vein for each location, with an additional claim
for discovery to the discoverer, with the right
to follow such vein to any depth, with all its
dips, variations, and angles, together with a
reasonable quantity of surface for the conven-
ient working of the same, as fixed by local
rules." _ If a tunnel is started on the side of a
mountain with a vein of mineral running into
it or for the purpose of striking blind lodes,
under this bill the person who commences that
tunnel must take a claim of three hundred feet
in extent at the mouth of this tunnel; and now
I should like to know whether he can go beyond
the boundary of the surface claim which he
takes in prosecuting work upon that tunnel.
Suppose he takes a claim of three hundred feet
in extent and another man takes an adjoining
claim of three hundred feet in extent in the
direction in which the tunnel runs, can the first
man by means of that tunnel not only go tlnough
his own claim of three hundred feet, but pass
on through the adjoining claim of three hundred
feet and go into that mountain.as far as it may
be profitable for him to follow a lode or make
a tunnel? If that is the provision of the bill,
this section does not mean anything when it
says "that no location hereafter made shall
exceed three hundred feet in length along the
vein for each locator."
Mr. STEWART. Allow me to explain.
They never run along the vein longitudinally
