1582
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
welcome you—why, God bless me, sir, you are bleed-
ing at the nose!"
"I've got my orders," cried Mr. Monk. "My
orders is as fuller*: 'Git him there by saving.' It
wants a quarter of seving. Stand out of the way."
"But, sir!" cxclaimed the committee-man, seizing
the oil leader by the reins, "Mr. Monk, we are come
to escort him to town. Look at the proces&ion, sir;
and the brass band, and the people, and the young
women, sir!"
•' I've got my orders," screamed Mr. Monk. " My
orders don't say no thin' about brass band and young
women. My orders say, 'Git him there by seving.'
ijet go them Imes. Clear the way there; Whoo-ep!
Keep your seat, Horace!" and the coach dashed away
wildly through the procession, upsetting a portion of
the brass band, and violently grazing the wagon con-
taining the beautiful women in white. ;
. hence, gray-haired men, who were little boys
in this procession, will tell their grandchildren how
this stage tore through Mudd Springs, a,nd how Hor-
ace (xreeley's bald head ever and anon showed itself,
like a wild apparition, above the coach roof.
Mr. STEVENS. Will the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Coxkli.\<5] yield to me for a
few moments?
Mr. CONKLING. Certainly.
Mr. INGEKSOLL. Mr. Speaker, would it
be in order to move that the article which has
just been read be excluded from the Globe?
It is absolutely disgraceful to the House of Rep-
resentatives of the United States that we should
" have consumed so much time in listening to
such balderdash and nonsense.
The SPEAKER. That can be done by unani-
mous consent. The gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Ixgeusoll] asks that by unanimous con-
sent the article which has been read at the
Clerk's desk be excluded from the Globe.
Mr. ROSS. I object. 1 think the people
should know what we are doing.
Mr. STE\ ENS. I desire to say a word or
two with reference to this bill; but before doing
so, let me say that while I do not wonder that
my friend behind me [Mr. Hoxburd] feels
somewhat sensitive about this matter, yet when
he has done a great many more good things in
this House and has therefore been very much
abused by the vagrancies of the press, he will
learn to bear-such things with equanimity,
^'by, sir, I see that this same Mr. Greeley says
that I would go as far out of my way to kick a
bag of specie as John Randolph would to kick
a sheep. [Laughter.] I see, however, that
Mr. Greeley speaks very praisingly of my friend
from Chicago, [Mr. Wextworth] 
. ^WORTH. I hope that that ar-
ticle will be read. Certainly no one will object
to that going into the Globe. [Laughter.]
Mr. STEVENS. But, Mr. Speaker, to re-
turn to the subject before the House, I desire
to ascertain whether we can pass this bill with-
out violating the public faith. If we can do
so, it will give me gieat pleasure to vote for it.
The gentleman from New York [Mr. Conk-
lixu j says that all this i rouble arises from our
infamous system of paper money.
Mr. CONKLING. I did not say that.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, then, "unfortunate
system'' was the gentleman's language. Now,
sir, the gentleman may not like this kind of
money, but that is not the question. The
act of June 30, 18C-i, declared in the first sec-
tion that—
n,?t,es' a,><1 othcr obligations
Ox thu united States shall be exempt from taxation
by or under State or municipal authority."
The thirteenth section provides that—■
tt"•?h,eoT02'tl'1 'obligation or other security of the
bnited States used m thisactshallbeholdtoinclude
and mean all bonds, coupons, national currency Uni-
ted States note', Treasury notes, fractional notes
cheeks tor money ot authorized officers of the United
States, certificates ofindebtedness, certificates of de-
posit, stamps, and othcr 1 epresentatives of value of
whatever denomination, which have been or may be
issued under an act of Congress."
Now, sir, no man, I think, who reads these
words can doubt that Congress meant to de-
clare that United States notes—for that means
legal-tender notes, and nothing else—should
be exempt from taxation by any State or mu-
nicipal authority. Do 1 understand the gen-
tleman from New York [Mr. Coxiclixc] to say
that Congress did not mean that?
Mr. CONTtLING. No, sir; I did not say
that. I simply said that Congress did not
mean that these securities, when held and used
only as money on hand, should not be taxed.
_ Mr. STEVENS. I do not see the distinc-
tion. When United States notes are declared
to be free from taxation, they are, it seems to
me, declared to bo so in everybody's hands
and in every particular, unless an exception
is made. •
Sir, I can see that when the nation has vio-
lated one of its pledges the transition will be
easy to a violation of them all. I do not de-
sire to make a long speech on this question.
It seems to me that no man within the sound
of my voice who understands the English lan-
guage can misunderstand the terms of this law.
A gentleman across the way says that those
on that side of the House are i eady to vote for
this bill. I do not doubt it. I know bow they
have regarded the sacred obligations of the
United States, i trust, however, that gentle-
men on this side will take a different view.
Mr. GARFIELD. In reply to the remarks
of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Stevens,] I desire, in order that the action of
those who support this bill may not appear to
have the slightest taint or color of repudiation,
to state what appears to me to be the solution
of the whole difficulty which the gentleman has
raised.
It is true that State and municipal author-
ities are not permitted to tax United States
notes or Treasury notes when considered as
Treasury notes; but the act referred to con-
tains nothing which declares that Treasury
notes shall not be taxed when considered merely
as money. If a State should pass a law to tax
greenbacks by the pound, that, as a matter of
course, would be a violation of the statute of
1864. If any municipal authority should adopt
an enactment to tax greenbacks as greenbacks,
having one tax for greenbacks and another tax
for money in general, such a law would be in
conflict with the act which has been cited.
But I wish to ask the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania. whether he supposes that, this act gives
greenbacks an advantage over gold, and whether
gold is not United States money?
Mr. STEVENS. Yes, sir; that, too, is
expressly declared to be free from taxation.
Mr. GARFIELD. I suppose Mr. Greeley
was correct when he said that the gentleman
from Pennsylvania would go two miles to kick
a gold dollar. He is willing to kick gold and
to pat' * greenbacks'' on the back as being more
favored than gold itself. What a remarkable
doctrine this is! If a man will take his gold
and get "greenbacks" for it he is not to be
taxed on money on hand.
I say the act of June 30, 1864, is merely this:
that no municipal authority shall tax "green-
backs" as such* but they may tax them as
money on hand. _Ihaveno doubt at allif such
a cause were carried to the courts it would be
decided with the utmost readiness that the
States may tax "greenbacks"'when used only
as money.
The simple purpose of the resolution is merely
to declare that the exemption from liability to
State or municipal taxation shall not extend
to money on hand. Itrefersto "greenbacks"
as money in the way that gold is money. I
hope the bill will be passed.
Mr. CONKLING. I now yield to the gen-
tleman from Vermont.
Mr. _ MORRILL I have only a word to say.
The bill reported from the Committee of Ways
and Mcans_has become necessary because there
is no practical uniformity in the operation of
the law. I do not know of one instance in the
.New England States where these legal tenders
are not treated in every respect as money on
hand. They are so held in California. But
it seems, sir, that they are not so held in some
parts of Ohio. Therefore, in order that the
law may be uniform in its practical operations
it has become necessary to pass this act.
Mr. CONKLING. Mr. Speaker, I want to
Ty f.,wortl in answer to what has been said of
the bill. Before doing so I wish to make a
remark aside from the purpose. Mr. Gree-
ley's name has been brought in and somewhat
unceremoniously _ treated, certainly, and al-
though Mr. Greeley needs no defense or in-
dorsement from me, I venture to suggest—and
my colleague will agree with me on reflection,
I am sure—that no wrong to him was intended
in the article he has read. It treats him with
a consideration which we know he deserves,
and it was not said in malice or ill- will. What-
ever the editor of the Tribune says of him will
be said as a friend, and said by an earnest,
conscientious journalist commenting on the
events of the day. But I. pass from that sub-
ject.
Congress has never yet said money on hand
should not be taxed. The States, as far as I
know, which have said anything on the sub-
ject have said money on hand shall be taxed.
The proposition now is to remove any imped-
iment there may be to State legislation and
action.
I wish to submit to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania [Mr. Stevens] this proposition: money
is for the illustration a commodity; it is not
an obligation payable at a future day. Gold
or silver or other money made a legal tender
has a fixed value, neither more nor less, for the
purpose for which it is used, whether with or
without taxation. I say it is a commodity.
Suppose it were merchandise, printed goods,
and Congress says to-day printed goods shall
be exempt from taxation. Is there any taint
of repudiation in Congress saying to-morrow
that printed goods shall not be exempt from
taxation? Could we say, even if we had ex-
empted money on hand from taxation, that we
will withdraw that exemption? In regard to
obligations which have a certain time °to run,
it would amount to repudiation to declare that
the party entitled in law and honor to a certain
earning upon his investment should receive it
with a diminution. I sajrto the gentleman from
Pennsylvania money passes from hand to hand,
and like an ox, a horse, or a cow, it may be
taxed to-day and to-morrow be exempted, or
exempted to-day and taxed to-morrow, without
repudiation entering the transaction at all.
Mr. STEVENS. I should like to ask a
question.
Mr. CONKLING. I will try to answer it.
Mr. STEVENS. Suppose Congress, wishing
to bring a.certain thing to pass, should declare
by law that the men who give gold and silver
for bank notes shall hold them free from tax-
ation.
Mr. CONKLING. Suppose that if Congress
should say of gold and silver, in the first place,
it shall have a fixed and definite value, specially
and generally; that for its face it shall ex-
tinguish all pecuniary obligations; and then
should add to that such an enactment as the
gentleman has supposed. Such an enactment
would be good and valid precisely as long as it
stood, would it be longer? As money passes
from hand to hand, as it is the mission, pur-
pose, and business of money that it should in-
cessantly go as a circulating medium, no per-
son would be a bona fule, holder of it so as to
predicate of him the statement that the pub-
lic faith had been broken by allowing it to be
taxed. It would be. as I said before, a com-
modity taxable now and not taxable at another
time, as we please.
I ask the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Stevens] whether in his judgment Congress
could tax the ten dollar gold eagles which cir-
culate in the country?
STEVENS.^ My opinion is, that if gold
had been put in circulation upon the express
condition that it should never be taxed, in
whose ever hand it went, it would be a violation
to tax it.
Mr. CONKLING. There, Mr. Speaker, is
precisely the distinction. Congress never put
into the hands of any man greenbacks or other
money with an agreement that if he would
take that it should never be taxed. My point
is that it never was the design to exempt money
on hand, or interfere with the right of a State
to tax money on hand, and therefore, there
being what is seized upon as an embarrass-
ment or impediment in the way of executing
