2492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
"the Constitution and the laws. That was the
question ; but he assumes that there was to be
a war, and X will show you he advised itj too :
"All is in train for it, unless the next Congress
sternly call tho President to account. Nothing is
clcarer than that he has pretended to do things ex-
perimentally and provisionally, with the express aim
of so entangling matters that tho Congress should
have no choice but to ratify all that ho has done and
have no real direction of the public policy."
The same doctrine that we hear continually,
the same apprehensions, the same misappre-
hensions, of the motives of the President, and
the same charge made against him of crimi-
nal motive!
"It is just what Aberdeen or Palmerston have
systematically done with tho English Parliament,
but would hardly dare to do in so terrible a crisis as
yours."
This, by the by, is exceedingly characteris-
tic ; this gentleman, as he goes along, cannot
help takingaturn at his own Government. He
seems to have a universal disposition to scold
and find fault, and never be satisfied with any-
thing ; but that is characteristic of this class of
people. They seem never to be satisfied and
never to know what they want.
"The first error was in not prosecuting Buchanan
in tho summer of 1861. The next was in enduring
Mr. Lincoln's Louisiana constitution, and his reply
to Congress that he meant to violate the confiscation
act if he saw it to be for the public good."
That ought not to have been endured! Mr.
Lincoln should have been " sternly" restrained
at that point! ,
" Out of President Lincoln's high-handed settle-
ment of affairs without Congress is developed tho
present policy of President Johnson."
I suppose this is authority enough to show
that the President is treading faithfully in the
footsteps of his predecessor. It is so under-
stood across the water, and that, I should
think, would be conclusive of it.
"The conduct of Louis Napoleon"—
I beg my friend's attention to this, because,
perhaps, he has read it, and it is at the bottom
of his apprehensions—
"The conduct of Louis Napoleon in 1819, 1850,
IS&i, shows what a President, elcctcd by tho people
and independent of the Parliament for four years,
can do if he have large patronage."
There is the apprehension. There is that
which makes the knees tremble and the hand
unsteady ; the fear that in this contest between
the President on the one hand and Congress
on the other, the President, with his patron-
age, may succeed. It is not very compliment-
ary to the people, I confess; but still a good
joke comes from the head of the table.
"He has unity of action"—
I hope he will have—
"promptitude, continuity. Congress has factious
ami long debates and long vacation; and when it
comes to debate, finds itself too late. Your Presi-
dent's course (unless violently arrested) assures to
you many years of instability and alarm, and there-
fore many years of high expenditure and high
patronage, during all which time you will become
accustomed to the Executive forestalling and super-
seding the legislative. Out of this it will bo almost
a miracle if so vast an Kxecutive do not (like that
of old Home) involve you in another civil war, even
if the negro question was to blow over in ton or
twelve years' time."
That is tho nitro-glycerine that is concealed
in tho cargo of the ship of state. Your pilot
is treacherous; he contemplates running her
upon the shoals; and he will do so and per-
haps destroy her, even if this combustible ma-
terial were not there ready to blow her to
pieces in ten or twelve years' time!
1 will not detain the Senate much longer
with this. I only desire to give you this gen-
tleman's advice to his friends here, and 1 beg
the attention of Senators to it, because it seems
that it was followed:
" As your President is not at all deficient in under-
standing, I do not like to tell you what I think of
this sentence; but ho might surely be asked by a
negro to explain wherein is the virtuo of such pa-
tience. Hidncy Smith would say that A exercises
sublime patience with II, while 11 is tormenting C."
That is a solecism that we have heard
matched here very frequently. In order to
have this understood I must give the "sen-
tence" here alluded to. It is :
" 'If the southern States go wrong, the power is in
our hands; wo can cheek them at any stage, to the
end, and oblige them to correct their errors; we must
be patient with them.'
Does the President seriously say that when the
Federal troops are withdrawn, the State militia con-
stituted, State rights restored, yon have any power
of ' obliging' the States to ' correct their errors' ex-
cept by a new civil war? Mr. Seward (in same
paper) tells us at Auburn, for our comfort, that there
cannot be a now civil war. It is comforting to tho
White race, but it is the knell of despair to the col-
ored race."
Do you want another war for the colored
race? That seems to be this man's opinion.
" It secures that the ' South shall be victorious,' as
Wendell Phillips puts it; and from despair alone will
come a nogro uprising and war of races. This-would
bring on you lasting disgrace, instead of that moral
glory which you had all but earned: it might make
your whole future as stained as that of bloody old
Europe. This conversation of the President, follow-
ing on his heartless speech to the eolored soldiers (so
unlike his Nashville speech, in October, 1864,) exhib-
its him as one who cannot come right except by
external constraint; and Mr. Seward's specch is the
warrant that tho whole Cabinet is going wrong.
(Have they corrupted him?) I see no possibility of
Congress bringing him right by a mere defensive
policy; it must assume the aggressive against him, to
give it a chance of success. The mildest form of at-
tack, I think, would be to invite him to explain his
apparent ncglect of theactof Congress which forbids
any one who has been in overt rebellion to hold office
or diaw pay from the Federal Government."
How many resolutions have we had in obe-
dience to that mandate? And was not the first
resolution offered this session, addressed to the
President, exactly that kind of one? Was it
not in pursuance of this suggestion?
"Also, his allowing the reorganization^ of#State
militia should be solemnly denounced as initiating
the means of a new rebellion."
Mr. SAULSBURY. Will my honorable
friend allow me to ask him to whom that letter
was addressed, if he can inform me?
Mr. COWAN. The person to whom it is
addressed is unknown. It is written by Pro-
fessor Newman, from London, November 8,
1805. I could read much more of the same
import, and if I had time I should be glad to
refresh the memory of my friend from Massa-
chusetts by reading a few sentences from the
Anti-Slavery Standard written by a gentleman
who signs himself L. B., and who is unques-
tionably a man of ability and of great acute-
ness as a writer. He says :
"The moral sense of the country, organized into
the Liberty party of 1841"—
That is the word I was struggling for some
time ago—the Liberty party of 1814. That
was the party—
"was weakened in the Free-soil movement of 1848,
and still further diluted in the Republican party of
1854." *
Getting smaller and smaller and more beau-
tifully less.
" In 1860 the first irreparably fatal step was taken
by tho nomination of Mr. Lincoln at Chicago. The
success of the Republican party, whoever its nomi-
nee, had already been insured. That success, a part
of the prearranged programme of tho secession con-
spirators, was predestined"—
It is hard to suppose that the Chicago con-
vention of 1860 had any notice of that predes-
tination, I think; and they were not to blame
for taking Mr. Lincoln on that account—
"was in the air"—
Epidemic!—
"was patent to the commonest political intelligence.
The heart of the country beat for Fremont."
A good deal. It beatin 18C4. Itbeatalong
for Chase and for a good many people besides
Mr. Lincoln, we were told. [Laughter.]
"The heart of the country boat for Fremont, but
Republican politicians declared him unavailable.
Seward had openly apostatized upon his return from
Europe, and his nomination had happily become im-
possible. The perfidious pretense of a necessity fox
'compromise,' the usual readiness of honest Repub-
licans to accede to 4 conservative' demands, gave us
Lincoln."
I wish they would concede a little nowj we
might perhaps succeed better.
"The people acccpted him upon trust, and have not
yet learnt how grievously they were deceived. Suc-
ceeding to the Government in 1861, the leaders of the
Republican party took hold of power with the feeble
grasp of men conscious of their unfitness to rule.
They waited for events'-they did not make or control
events. ^ From 1801 to 1864, in a period of revolution
and civil war, in a crisis which should have called
forth the loftiest qualities of administrative ability,
the Republican majority in Congress contented itself
with merely tiding over temporary difficulties. Cam-
paigns were planned and battles fought, not so much
fo'r the purpose of crushing the rebellion as to carry
an election in New Hampshire or Pennsylvania. In
all those eventful years the voice of a statesman wa3
not heard in the Halls of Congress."
Think of the impudence of the fellow!
[Laughter.]
Mr. NYE.* He had not read your speeches.
Mr. COWAN. I believe the Senator from
Nevada was not in the Chamber at the time
alluded to.
" Not until Sumner, breaking the bonds of silence
imposed upon him by party discipline and the timid
policy of his associates, first took up the cause of tho
people against the Administration on the question
of the final recognition of Louisiana* and defeated
for the time the purposes of Mr. Lincoln, was there
any action taken by the representatives of the Repub-
lican party commensurate to the occasions before
them."
I believe that is the same learned Theban
who has been doing mischief recently.
"All through the war they had allowed the policy
of Mr. Lincoln to prevail, without one word of in-
dignant public protest, with scarcely one instance of
the exercise of their prerogatives as the sovereign
law-making power of the nation, to arrest the down-
ward course of public affairs."
And so on; it is full of animadversions of
that kind.
Now, Mr. President, to get at the secret,
what is at the bottom of ail this? What is
wanted? What will satisfy this liberty party
of 1844, which has been so unfortunate and so
much abused and so much thwarted from that
day down to the present? What does it want
to-day? If negro suffrage will satisfy it, say
so. If in addition to negro suffrage there must
be negro eligibility to office, say so, put it down,
make it into a platform. If, in addition to all
that, in order to give effect to these rights con-
ferred upon the negro, there must be social
equality, put it down and let us know it, let us
draw the lines, and it will not take very long-
to determine with the people which wing of
the party is tho one they will favor, notwith-
standing the immense amount of machinery
that is now brought to bear under the name of
the representatives of the party.
Again, what is the condition of these States?
Are they in or are they out? Put it down.
Are their people subject to us, subject to the
will of the conqueror, subject to the political
forfeitures of which the honorable Senator
from Vermont spoke? If that is a plank in
your platform, put it down. If the Union is
dissolved, if it cannot exist any longer, put it
down; let the lines be drawn; but I say, until
your programme is announced, until your plat-
form is made, until you have stated your ulti-
mates, do not assail the President for leaving
his party, do not assail anybody else for leav-
ing it, after having urged all the measures for
having voted against which I have been taken
to task, because every one of them is in direct
violation of both the Chicago and the Balti-
more platforms. I may say that the principal
item of our Chicago platform which has any
relation to the politics of to-day is that the per-
petuity of the Union depended on the mainte-
nance of the rights of the States, accompanied,
as I said before, with a denunciation of old
John Brown and his raid upon Virginia. Who
assails the rights of the States to-day? Is it
the President? Who attempts to hold them
within the grasp of a bill of attainder or a bill
of pains and penalties by this Congress? Is it
the President? Not at all. Sir, the men who
stand by the President are those who stand by
tho principles announced in those platforms,
and who have stood upon them ; and it is the
men who go away after false lights, who wan-
der in dangerous places, who cook up Freed-
men's Bureau and civil rights bills, and who
get up all these things, to say the very least,
of doubtful constitutionality, that depart from
the platforms.
Mr. President, I was taken to task here to-
day very strongly for voting against the repeal
of the fugitive slave law. tmust confess 1 did
not expect that from my friend. That was
"the uukindest cut of all." If I was in the
