1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8453
with a tunnel. They run into the hill and cut
the vein at, angles. That provision in the hill
which declares that a locator shall have three
hundred feet in length has nothing to do with
that. That is the mining rule now. As to tun-
neling, we provide that if there shall be any
difficulty about the right of way or draining,
the local Legislature shall be empowered to
grant the right of way if it is ever interfered
with. The miners' rules always concede the
right of way to run into a barren mountain.
There will be no.difliculty on that point; but
to guard it and make it secure, we provide that
the Legislature may make regulations for grant-
ing the right of way and in regard to drainage.
While now on the floor, as authority is being
produced here from the mining regions, I beg
leave to read an extract from one of the lead-
ing and best journals in the mining regions,
edited by one of the most intelligent men there.
I read from the Daily Mining Journal, published
at Black Hawk, Colorado Territory, the answer
given by the editor to a correspondent calling
himself "One of'em:"
"'Otic of 'era' asks us day before yesterday what
we aic to do under the proposed mining law, where
lodes cross each other and run out and in and within
ten feet of each other. We answer, do just as we do
now. We seem to set aloni? with it somehow or
other, and tlie law proposes to make plats of lode
property in accordance v. ltli loeal customs and iules.
If we are to be harassed until wo have perfected a
plan that shall be theoretically perfect and correct
in every particular, wc shall always be harassed. It
is well enough to insist, too, that Congress shall let
the past alone; but Congress won't do it. Wo have
protested and suggested until Congress has at last
fallen upon a scheme—at hse-i (he committee has—
which rccognizcs acquired rights precisely as our
own laws recognize them. In the name of sense,
what more could we ask7 It is notlnn? to us that it
will cost more than it will comcto; that's what wc
have always told them; that's the experience of the
past: but they don't believe it. It is something to
us, however, to havo the critical question settled,
even if not so as to work out perfectly smooth and
harmless to all parties concerned.''
And that will lie the language of every min-
ing district: '* What more can we ask than this
bill?" It settles everything.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to havo the Sen-
ator reler me to that portion of this bill which
authorizes the Legislature of a State to protect
tunneling interests.
Mr. STEWART. It is a section which was
added to the bill on my motion. 1 ask the
Clerk to read that section.
The Secretary read the eleventh section of
the amendment, as follows:
And he it further minted, That as a further condi-
tion of sale, in the abseneeoi necessary legislation by
Congress, the local Legislature of any Ktatu or Terri-
toiy may provide rules for working mines, involving
casemates, drainage, and other necessary means (o
their complete development: and those conditions
shall bo fully expressed in the patent.
Mr. STEWART. If there is a tunnel in
progress of construction the parly getting a
deed to the vein cannot cut oil' the right of
way for the tunnel. If ho attempts to inter-
fere with it the Legislature can regulate that
matter.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I do not know (hat I fully
understand that amendment in its application
to the other sections of this bill, and 1 think it
will take some time to reconcile these differ-
ent amendments with the original sections of
the hill. But this amendment. as I understand
it, proposes now to confer upon the Legislative
Assembly of any State or Territory the right
to regulate and control the mining interests of
the State or of the Territory, so that the prop-
erty of the LTnited'States, as well as the rights
of the miners, will be subject to the legislative
control of the State or of the Territory. Here
is a conflict of jurisdiction at once, between
Congress and the legislative power oft he Slates.
It seems to me that these amendments which
the Senator is constantly making to this bill
serve to indicate that it is impossible for him
to perfect a system which will answer the pur-
pose he has in view ; and here he now provides
by this amendment for a sort, of patched-up sys-
tem, a pait of which is to be under the control
of Congress and a part of which is to be under
the control of the legislative department of
each State. .
Now, sir, I say that, m my judgment, the
policy for Congress to pursue on this subject is
simply to pass a law making the gold and silver-
bearing lands of the United States open to
exploration and to occupation, and to confirm
by something in the nature of a quit-claim deed,
without any reservations or qualifications or
any equivalent-, to those persons who occupy
or may occupy the mineral hinds of the Uni-
ted States, according to the usages and the
customs of the district where they may live,
the right and title to the land. That is all
that is necessary. That is equivalent in all
respects to a patent from the Government of the
United States, and whenever any controversy
arises in any of these mining districts iu refer-
ence to the right to the different, claims, that
right will be determined by the laws and cus-
toms and usages of that community, and it
would not be necessary to refer to the records
of the United States, or to any proceedings in
Washington, or to any laws of Congress, in
order to determine those rights. But, sir, 1
did not, intend to discuss the merits of the bill,
and will not trouble the Senate further on the
subject.
'The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment proposed by the
Senator from Oregon.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 7, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I give it up. I think
there is a majority of the Senate against the
proposition.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There is
not a quorum of the Senate present by the
vote.
Mr. WILSON. Let us have the yeas and
nays.
Mr. STEWART. Let the amendment be
\\ ithdrawn.
Mr. WILSON. It cannot be withdrawn.
Let us have the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered: and being
taken, resulted—yeas 10, nays 21; as follows:
YEAR—Messrs. Clark, Ivdirmndp, Foster, Hen-
dricks, Nesmith, Pomeroy, [xiulsiniry, Trumbull,
Williams, and Yates—JO.
KAYS —Messrs. 33nckalcw, Chandler, Oonness,
Cowan, Cracin, Creswcll, Fessenden, (iuthrie, Har-
ris, Jlowo, Knkwood, Morsan, Nye, Ramsey, Kid-
dle, Sherman, tstewait, Sumner, Van Winkle, Wil-
lcy.aml Wilson—21. _
AliSKNT—Messrs, Anthony. IJrown, Davis, Dixon,
Dooiittle,Crimes, 1 lcnderson.iloward,.I ohnson,lame
of Indiana, Lane ot Kansas, Mo Don't. JI, Moi i ill,Noi -
toil, Poland, Kpra ?ue, Wade, and Wricthf,—18.
So the amendment was rejected.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomes the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of yesterday, which is Senate bill No. 1, to reg-
ulate the elective franchise in the District of
Columbia.
Mr. CLARK. The Senator from Maine who
had that bill iu charge, [Mr. MoittifM,,] which
is the order of (he day, is sick and confined to
his room. lie desires to he present when it
is under discussion, and he requested me lo
move if it came, up that it be postponed. 1
therefore, at, his request, move its postpone-
ment until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. HOWE. Is there any question before
the Senate?
TliePHESrDENTj!>ro<e yjore. Thereisnot.
Mr. HOWE. I move to proceed to the con-
sideration of House bill No. .'114.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator from
Wisconsin give way a moment? All we want
is a vote on this mining bill. We lime had the
whole thing discussed, and are ready to vole.
I presume there will be no more amendments.
I ask a i o! e.
Sir. HOWE. Why not let my bill be taken
up, and then I will yield?
Mr. STEWART. This is up now, and let
the vote be iaken.
Mr. HOWE. I understand it is not up.
Mr. CONN ESS. I hope the Senator from
Nevada will take the course proposed by the
Senator from Wisconsin. As soon as this bill
is taken up it can lie over informally for a
moment while we gel a vote.
Mr. HOWE. I have no "objection to-that.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Will the
Senator from Wisconsin jiepoat Ms motion?
Mr. HOWE. That the Senate proceed to
consideration of the bill (IT. II. No. 344) to
incorporate the Niagara Ship-Canal Company.
'The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. Now I suggest that this
bill be laid over informally for an instant until
we get a vote on the measure which was under
consideration.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Sena-
tor from California asks the unanimous consent
of the Senate that this bill be laid aside, and
that the Senate proceed with the consideration
of the bill in hand previous to the expiration
of the morning hour. Is there any objection?
Mr. HOWE. I understand, if it is laid aside,
informally, when that bill is disposed of this
will be in order.
The PRESIDENT^iro tempore. That is the
impression of the Chair. The bill (S. No. 2">7)
to regulate the occupation of mineral lands
and to extend the right of preemption thereto
is before the Senate as in Committee of the
Whole, the pending question being on the
amendment reported by the Committee oil
Mines and Mining, as amended.
The amendment, as amended, was agreed to.
It is to strike out all of the original bill after
the enacting clause and in lieu thereof to in-
sert :
That the mineral lands of the public domain, both
smveyed and unsurveyed, arc hereby declared to bo
tree ami open to exploration and occupation by all
cili/ens of the United States, and those who have
declared their intention to becomc citizens, subject
to i uch regulations as may be prescribed by law, and
subject also to the, local custom or rules of miners in
the'several mimiitr districts, solar as the same may
not be in conflict, with the laws of the United Slates.
See. 2. And be it further eniuted, Thatwhenevci any
person or association of persons claim a vein or lodo
of quart!: or other rock in place, bearinjt gold, silver,
cinnabar, or copper, having previously occupied and
improved the same according to the local eustoyi or
rules of miners in the district where the same is sit-
uated and bavin* expended in actual labor and im-
provements ttieieon nil amount, of not, less than £1,000,
and in roftard <o whose possession theio is no contro-
versy or opposing claim, it shall and nmv be lawful
forsaid claimant, or association of claimants totilein
the local land office adiaKram oft he same so extended
la fcrally or othci wise as t o eonfoi m to the loen 1 taws,
customs, and rates of miners, and to enter such tract
and receive a patent theief'or, granting ;-uch mine,
together with the ri^ht to follow said vein or lodo
Willi its dips, angles, and variations to any depth,
although it inayeiiter the land adjoining,which land
adioinmg shall be sold subject to thin condition.
Sue:. H. And be it further cmwte-d, That upon tho
filing of the dia'/ram as provided in the second sec-
lion of fills act, and posting the same ill a conspicu-
ous place on the claim together with a notice ot in-
tention to applyfor a.pafent, theregister ot the land
othcc shall publish a notice of the same in a news-
paper published nearest to tho location of said chum,
and shall also postisach not ice in his officc for the pe-
riod of ninety days; and alter the expiration ot said
period, if no advcr*e claim shall have been filed, it
shall bo fhedutyof thesui veyor general, upon appli-
cation of the partv, to survey flic premises and mako
a plat thereof, nidoiscd with his approval, designat.-
in?? the number and desri iption ot the location, tho
value of the labor and improvements and the char-
acter ot the vein exposed • and upon the pavment to
tlie pioper officer of five dollars per acre, together
with the eo^t of sueh.survey, plat, and .not ice, and
pmng satisfactory e\ideneo that said diagiam and
notice have been ported on the claim during said
p< nod of mnetv d'ivs, the renter of the land oflieo
shall transmit to the General Land Ofticcfaiu
survey and description, and n patentslinll jssne ior
thosa'ine the) eupon • but plat, survey, oy descrip-
tion shall i n no case cover more than one vein or I ode,
" ill i-suc for more than one vein or
and no patents-hall i-suc lor more than one vein or
lode which shall be ex pi essed in the patent l^eued.
Si:<\ A. Avd be if furihrr <',>acte<L That when such
location and entry of a mine shall bo upon un^ur-
veved lands it, shall nnd may he lawful, aitci tho
extension thereto <d tho public surveys, to adju-t tho
s'urvej-• to thclimite of thepremise* aeeoidm^ tot 10
location and pos^e-sion and plat nioresaid, and tho
surveyor geneial may, in e\tend npj the surveys-, vary
the yame from <i ivetangu>ai ft>rm 10suit the eircuin~
stance.3 of the countiy and 111' local lules laws and
customs of miners: /'rocidrd, That no location heic-
att<T made shall exceed two hundred tect in leiurtti
.along the vent lor each locator, with an additional
claim for discovery to the discoverer of the lodo,
wtrti the right to follow such vein to any depth, with
all its dips, variation*, and angles, together with a
reasonable Quantity of surface for the convenient
working of the sjune as lixed by local rules. And
provided fvrthrr, That 110 person may make more than
one locatu n 011 the same lode, and not 11101 e than
three tbou^md feet &hall be taken in any one claim
by any a.-:ociatinn of persons.
Si:c. 5. And be ■it further outvied, That the 1 resi-
dent of tho United .States be, and is hereby, author-
