1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
habit of talking Latin I would have said et tu
Brute; or have pronounced the last word as a
monosyllable. [Laughter.] If I remember
aright there was a caucus of the Republican
party, and that caucus decided to repeal the
obnoxious fugitive slave law of 1850. As a
member of that caucus I adhered to its deter-
mination, as I believe I did in all cases where
I did not give notice that I would not. It came
into the Senate and it was characterized by a
most spicy and vigorous debate, in which our
present Presiding Officer, not the Senator now
in the chair, [Mr. Anthony,] but the Presi-
dent pro tempore of the Senate, [Mr. Foster,]
took the side of the caucus, and the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts who sits on the
outer ring [Mr. Sumner] took the other side.
The law of 1850 was repealed, but, without any
cause and without any consultation with the
members of the party, over-zealous gentlemen
insisted upon repealing the old fugitive slave
law which had the signature of Washington
upon it, which had been made by the very
founders of the Government, and which had
been hallo wed by fifty-seven years of undisputed
and indisputable operation in this country.
Mr. SUMNER. The fugitive slave law
"hallowed!"
Mr. COWAN. The fugitive slave law was
hallowed by fifty-seven years of undisputed
sway in this country.
Mr. SUMNER. That is a confusion of
terms.
Mr. COWAN. There is no confusion of
terms when you stand upon the bargain ; but
it was a confusion of terms for the honorable
Senator to take the oath at the desk to support
the Constitution of the United States, and then
declare, as I understood that he did, that he
was not to be bound by the fugitive slave clause.
A gentleman making a bargain ought to stand
upon it; and if he does not stand upon it, if
he docs not intend to stand upon it, he ought
not to make it. That was the law. It was a
law that had not been complained of; nobody
had complained of it. It was due to the bor-
der States, wlio were standing by us in the
contest, to retain it. I voted against the re-
peal of that law; and the whip of the majority,
cracked sharply as it can be cracked upon that
subject, had no terrors for me. I voted against
the repeal of that law, and would vote against
the repeal of it to-morrow, because the repeal
was utterly and totally useless and unneces-
sary. It was done, perhaps, by way of saying
to the South, "Now we've got you; see what
we can do!" I would rather they had been
here when we did it.
Now, Mr. President, I presume that will set-
tle this account so far. The honorable Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has
referred to my own State; he has referred to
the action of a Republican convention there;
ho has referred to the action of the Legislature
of that State. I suppose that he is correctly
informed of the action of those bodies ; but I
have not been. I have not been officially in-
formed of any sueli transactions as those to
which lie alludes. If the Legislature passed
any resolution reflecting on me, they never
gave me a copy of it. If the convention did
so, they did not give me a copy of it. I feel,
however, that at some time or other I may be
obliged to say something in reply to those res-
olutions, taking them merely from rumor. I
believe they made a request with which I have
not complied, and I suppose that there are
very few members of the body who would com-
ply with a request of that kind, drawn up very
politely, that they should leave their seats and
give them up to some other mau who liad a
majority of the Legislature all ready to elect
him. No doubt it would have been very com-
fortable to those who get up the request; but
I did not look at it in that light. I did not
feel that my duty to my constituents obliged
me to be so deferential to a packed Legislature
as to yield to a request of that kind, and I trust
to appeal from Philip drunk to Philip sober on
that question.
Mr. DOOLITTLB. Mr. Presi3ent, the Sen-
ator from Massachusetts [Mr. Wilson] has
been pleased to allude to resolutions adopted
by the Legislature of Wisconsin in relation to
myself. It is not my purpose to speak upon
that subject to-day ; but those resolutions are
of such a character that I shall ask the indul-
gence of the Senate on some proper occasion to
speak on them and give my views at length.
I shall not, therefore, dwell upon that subject
now. There is, however, one point which I
wish to mention before I take my seat—a point
not stated by the honorable Senator from Penn-
sylvania.
In the convention of 1864, upon the platform
of which Mr. Lincoln and Mr. Johnson were
elected, the Union party assembled at Balti-
more declared solemnly in the face of the world
the terms on which the rebels should submit,
and declared for an amendment to the Consti-
tution of the United States which they would
press; and because they stated the terms and
stated the amendment to the Constitution upon
which they would insist, and stated no other
terms and no other amendment, the man or
the party that stands up now to insist upon
additional terms or additional amendments is
going beyond the platform of the Union party
which elected Mr. Johnson and Mr. Lincoln.
Mr. President, I do not stand here to charge
other men that they are false to the Union
party or the creed of that great party which
gave us power; but I stand here to resist that
chargewhenitisbroughtagainstme, or brought
against the Administration or the President.
When it is averred by gentlemen on this floor
that he proves false to his party, false to its
creed, false to its fundamental ideas, I hurl
back the charge and say to those gentlemen, it
is you who abandon the creed of the party and
not the President. The first resolution of the
Baltimore convention states that "it is the
highest duty of every American citizen to main-
tain against all their enemies the integrity of
the Union and the permanent authority of the
Constitution and laws of the United States;
and that laying aside all differences and politi-
cal opinions, we pledge ourselves" to the
prosecution of the war upon this basis alone.
The Constitution, the integrity of the Union,
the supremacy of both, was our platform, and
we asked all men to vote for our candidates
and fight our battles to victory upon that basis.
What terms did we say were to be given to the
rebels? What does our platform say about the
terms? In 1864, in the midst of this gigantic
war, and when we were pressing the rebels to
the point of surrender, what did we say? What
were the terms? That is the question.
"Resolved, That we approve the determination of
the Government of the United States not to compro-
mise with rebels, or to oiler any terms of peace except
such as may be based upon an unconditional surren-
der of their hostility and a return to their just alle-
giance to the Constitution and laws of the United
States, and that we call upon the Government to
maintain this position, and to prosecute the war with
the utmost possible v~igoi'tothccompletesuppression
of the rebellion, in full lelianee upon the self-sacri-
fice, patriotism, heroic valor, and undying devotion
of the American people to their country and its free
institutions."
We declared what the terms should be to the
rebels—no compromise, but surrender to the
Constitution and the laws; and we determined
to prosecute the rebellion to the end on that
basis, and upon that alone. Wo went further,
and declared in reference to an amendment to
the Constitution what we would demand and
all that we demanded; and what was it?
" Resolved, That as slavery was the cause and now
constitutes the strength of this rebellion, and as it
must be always and everywhere hobtilo to the prin-
ciples of republican government, justice and the
national safety demand its utter and complete extir-
pation from the soil of the Republic; and that while
we uphold and maintain the acts and proclamations
by which the Government in its own defense has
aimed a death-blow at the gigantic evil, we are in
favor, turthermore. of such amendment to the Con-
stitution, to be made by the people in conformity
with its provisions, as shall terminate and forever
prohibit the existence of slavery within the limits of
the jurisdiction of the United States."
That is the amendment we demanded; we
did not demand any other. In the platform of
1864 did we demand suffrage, unqualified and
universal, to the negroes of-tlie South as a con-
dition of the surrender of the rebellion? Not
at all. I say that the- man or the party who
stands up to say that that is apart of the creed
of the great Union party which put Mr. John-
son in power speaks falsely. It is not true. I
hurl back the charge. It is he who undertakes
to insert this new programme that is felse to
the party, false to the creed upon which it'won
its victory. Whether it was urged from Eng-
land, in the letter of Newman, whether it was
urged by Wendell Phillips, of Massachusetts,
whoever has urged this new idea, it has been
war upon the creed of the Republican Union
party of 1864, upon which Mr. Johnson was
elected; and therefore those who undertake to
charge him with betraying the cause or the
creed of the party because he refused to assume
that great power in his hands to enforce negro
suffrage upon the people of the South against
the will of the States, and who assert that he
is false to the great idea of the party, or false
to human freedom, make a charge that is utterly
without foundation. The charge rests on those
who make it.
What has Mr. Johnson said about the ques-
tion of suffrage in the southern States? He
has said always just what Mr. Lincoln said: it
is a question which belongs to the States; it
belongs to the States of the South, and it be-
longs to the States of the North. They are to
judge for themselves. If they choose to ex-
tend suffrage to the negroes, it is well; if they
refuse it, the responsibility is on them alone;
the Federal Government has not the constitu-
tional power to assume to enforce it. Sir, this
whole war upon the Administration, as well as
the war upon myself as a humble supporter
of the policy of Mr. Lincoln, which was inher-
ited by Mr. Johnson on this very question, has
grown out of the fact, and that alone, that so
far as I am concerned, in the State of Wiscon-
sin, in the convention of the Union party which
laid down its principles last fall, I as a mem-
ber of that convention and as chairman of tie
committee on resolutions refused to adopt
what certain men, in my judgment carried
away by their fanaticism, if not almost insane
on this subject, insisted that wo should adopt,
a resolution declaring in favor of universal
negro suffrage at the South as a condition-
precedent to the southern States being recog-
nized and their representatives admitted into
the Congress of the Union.
Sir, the Senator from Massachusetts wonders
why it is that God, in His inscrutable provi-
dence, has suffered this great affliction to come
upon us, that Mr. Johnson should stand upon
the same ground which was occupied by Mr.
Lincoln, refusing to exercise the power which
the Constitution gives to no department of the
Government, to impose upon the States of the
South the conditions of-suffrage. Why, he
asks, has God, in His providence, suffered this
groat affliction to eomo upon us? Mr. Presi-
dent, I do not deem it an affliction. That there
is a President occupying the presidential chair
this day who believes and maintains the rights
which the Constitution reserves and defends in
the several States, that he is willing to defend
the rights of the States, is in my judgment one
of the greatest blessings that God, in His prov-
idence, ever vouchsafed to this country.
Sir, this country has been in great peril, •
peril of dissolution, a peril out of which we
have escaped at last; but a peril equally as
great is impending over it. What is that peril?
Not a separation of the territory which con-
stitutes the Union, but the wiping out of the
States, the destruction of the rights of the
States, the trampling under foot of that which
is absolutely essential to the liberty of the citi-
zen. I tell the Senator from Massachusetts
that there is, and there can be, no liberty for
the individual citizen unless you defend the
rights of the States. In defending the rights
of the States you defend the liberty of the
citizen, for there alone can it bo defended. This
Government cannot defend the rights of the
individual citizen; it covers a whole country;
it is impossible in the nature of things that it
can defend the individual citizen all over the
