I860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL' GLOBE.
mm
the law, it is competent- without a' breach of
faith for us to remove that impediment.
Mr. DA \\ ES. I would ask the gentleman
if he is quite certain that, the phraseology of
the bill reaches the object sought for; whether
by providing that money shall not he exempt
means, by a fair construction of the bill, that
greenback currency, non-interest-bearing notes,
shall not be exempt. They are not eo nomine
money; they are only made equivalent to
money.
Mr. CONKLING. The idea that the com-
mittee had was this: first, that United Stales
notes, so called, are declared in the statute
'' lawful money ;" and in the next place if they
are not money, then the States should not tax
them as money. We shall do all we ought if
we declare that we take out of their way what-
ever impediment we have interposed unwit-
tingly to their taxing "money on hand."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I wish to inquire
of the gentleman what the undeistanding of
the committee is as to the scope of the bill. He
gives as one reason why the bill should be
passed that it is a taxation of securities or ob-
ligations which pass as legal tenders. Now,
that remark would seem to indicate that, every-
thing that, is of that quality is to be taxed under
the provisions of this bill. 'There is a large
amount of what are called compound-interest
notes, legal tender which do riot, circulate much
as money. I wish to know whether it is in the
mind of the committee that that class of securi-
ties shall be taxable by the States?
Mr, CONKLING. Compound-interest notes
have never been denominated or defined as
lawful money, that I am aware of. On the
contrary, the provision which comes the nearest
to it, is that which makes them a legal tender
for the amount 011 their lace, excluding interest.
Possibly, however, there may be room for the
question which the gentleman makes. But ho
will perceive that under the bill that will re-
main a judicial question for assessors and
courts to determine. We keep within the pur-
view which keeps us clear of repudiation when
we confine ourselves to "money."
Mr. BINGHAM. Allow me to make an in-
quiry touching this measure. I desire to ask
whether the only object of this bill is not to
declare in express terms that United States
notes, as they are everywhere designated, shall
not be exempted from State or municipal tax-
ation. Is not, that the sole object?
Mr. CONKLING. Not, quite the sole object.
The gentleman from Ohio forgets that the law,
as it now stands, is liable to the construction
that it also exempts the notes of the national
banks.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then it means United
Slates notes or national currency?
Mr. CONKLING. Yes, sir.
Mr. BINGHAM. Then what objection is
there to putting these words in the bill?
Mr. CONKLING. Perhaps I may say with
propriety, and without encroaching on the rule
which makes the proceedings of committees
inviolable, that these words or equivalent words
were originally in the bill, and that upon con-
sideration they were stricken out by the com-
mittee, the conclusion of the committee being
that the present form is safer and more unex-
ceptionable than that which the gentleman from
Ohio suggests.
Mr. BINGHAM. Tbegleavetoknowwhether
it is intended that this bill shall subject to
taxation, as far as it can subject, anything to
taxation, any securities of the United States
except the United States notes, known as
legal tender or the national currency issue?
Mr, CONKLING. I answer for myself and
for the whole committee, that there is no de-
sign that it shall go further. Perhaps I may
be pardoned for saying that my individual pref-
erence was with the gentleman from Ohio, but
I yielded it in deference to the better judgment
of the committee.
It is suggested that fractional currency is
also included.
Mr. KASSON. I would ask ifthe compound-
interest notes which by law were declared legal
tender for their face excluding the interest are
not also included ?
Mr. CONKLING. That question has been
put and answered, though the gentleman did
not hear it; and now, unlesssome gentleman
desires some further information, I demand the
previous question.
Mr. BINGHAM. I hop^thepreviousques-
tion will not be sustained. I desire, in order
that we may understand this matter and do our
whole duty, that the bill be recommitted and
printed, and that there be an opportunity to
offer amendments, so as to make it distinct and
clear.
Mr. CONKLING. I have no personal pref-
erence one way or the other. I was directed
to report the bill and put it upon its passage,
but I will, as suggested, let the bill be recom-
mitted to the Committee of Ways and Means,
and print ed, the committee having "leave to
report it back at any time.
'The motion was agreed to'.
Mr. STEVENS obtained the floor.
TENNESSEE.
Mr. RAYMOND. With the permission qf
the gentleman from Pennsylvania, I desire to
ask a question, for information, of the gentle-
man from Ohio, [Mr. Bingham], Some ten
days since the gentleman from Ohio, on behalf
of the committee 011 reconstruction, reported a
resolution for the admission of members upon
this floor from the State of Tennessee. I would
like to know, for the purpose of guiding my
own conduct in regard to presence in the House,
as 1 would like to be absent, if lie can inform
the House when he will probably bring that
matter before the House for its consideration.
Mr. BINGHAM. - I beg leave to say that the
gentleman has entirely mistaken the proposi-
tion I reported. Having made that explana-
tion, lean only say that I have thus far deferred
calling up the privileged motion to reconsider
out of regard to the pressing public business
in the nature of appropriation bills and other
measures, but whenever it, shall be the pleasure
of the House to consider the matter, 1 am ready
to bring it up. In answer to the gentleman's
question, 1 may say that most likely the ques-
tion will not be brought to a vote any time dur-
ing the next, week, although it may be called
up for discussion.
Mr. RAYMOND. My object was to ascer-
tain when it would be before the House for
discussion.
Mr. BINGHAM. I am not able to say, cer-
tainly, but if it be the pleasure of the House,
1 will bring it up some day next week.
Mr. RAYMOND. I supposed the object of
reporting it was to have prompt action upon
it. It seemed to me to be one of the most
important measures before the House. In that,
however, I may differ with the gentleman from
Ohio, [Mr. Bixciiam,] as I evidently did in
suppoting that the object of the joint resolu-
tion was to provide for the admission of Repre-
sentatives from Tennessee.
MESSAGE IfKOM T1IK PRESIDENT.
A message from the President of the United
States, by Mr. W. G. Moore, his Secretary,
informed the House that, he had on the 17th
instant approved and signed a bill and joint
resolution ol' the following titles:
A bill (II. R. No. 358) entitled "An act to
amend an act to extend the charter of the
president and directors of the Firemen's In-
surance Company of Washington and George-
town, in the District of Columbia and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 84) for the
relief of the sufferers by the late explosion at,
the United States arsenal in the District of
Columbia.
MESSAGE i'ROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, announced that the Senate had
passed a bill and joint resolution of the follow-
ing titles:
A bill (S. No. 140) entitled ''An act to grant
the right of way to the Humboldt Canal Com-
pany through the public lands of the United
States;" and :
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 49) for the tem-
porary relief of destitute people in the District
of Columbia. • . -
It also informed the House that the Senate
had passed without amendment a joint resolu-
tion (H. R. No. 45) to change the name of
the ship Art Union to G-eorge M. Barnard.
JOSE DOMINGCES.
On motion of Mr. THAYER, Senate bill
No. 189, to confirm the grant of certain lands
to Jos6 Domingues in California, was. taken
fr.om the Speaker's table, read' a firsthand sec-
ond time,  nd' referred to the Committee on
Private Land Claims.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois, moved to
yeeonsider the vote by which the bill .was re-
ferred : and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter Motion was agreed to.
holding evening sessions.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to haye the House
proceed to the consideration, in Committee of
the Whole, of some short appropriation bills;
particularly the Post Office and consular appro-
priation bills. Before submitting that motion, I
will move that the order for holding night ses-
sions be suspended for to-day, with the under-
standing that we shall sit here this afternoon
until one or both of these appropriation bills
shall have been considered in Committee of
the Whole.
The motion was agreed to.
consular and diplomatic bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the rules be
suspended, and that the House now resolve
itself iulo Committee of the Whole for the pur-
pose of considering the consular and diplomatic
appropriation bill.
The motion was agreed to; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Committee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
Dawes in the chair,) and proceeded to the con-
sideration of House bill No. 2G1, making ap-
propriations for the consular and diplomatic
expenses of the Government for the year end-
ing June 30, 1807, and for other purposes.
The first reading of the bill was dispensed
with by unanimous consent, and the Clerk pro-
ceeded to read it by paragraphs for amend-
ments.
Mr. KASSON. There are some tr&nfers to
be made in the different classes of consulates
and commercial agencies provided for in this
bill. "Aux Cayes, Baliia, Tabasco, and Ven-
ice," should be transferred from " Consulates,
Schedule B," to "Consulates, Schedule C."
And " AmoorRiver," in "Commercial Agen-
cies, Schedule B," should be transferred to
" Commercial Agencies, Schedule C." I move
to amend the bill in accordance with what I
have suggested.
Mr. BROOKS. I suppose this bill was re-
ported in accordance with estimates from the
State Department. I would inquire if the
amendment proposed by the gentleman from
Iowa [Mr, Kassox] is at the request of the
Department?
Mr. KASSON. It is, and for the purpose of
reducing the pay of those consulates, the pay
having been raised under former acts of Con-
gress during the rebellion in order to secure
more clfective servive.
The amendment of Mr. Kassox was agreed to.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I would ask the gentle-
man from Iowa [Mr. Kassox] if the commer-
cial agents under schedule B have the right to
trade at the places where they hold offices?
Mr. KASSON. I think not.
Mr. INGERSOLL. Then I move to trans-
fer "Balize" from "Commercial Agencies,
Schedule B," to "Commercial Agencies,
Schedule C."
Mr. KASSON. I do not know the reason
for the change the gentleman from Illinois [Mr.
Ingeksoll] proposes. I should be unwilling
