1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
469
rights of rebels, pronounce constitutions so
formed pure emanations from the will of the
people and lineal descendants of the old States.
The Republicans say that this first step toward
reconstruction is all the most earnest can n;:k
for, if only followed up with the necessary cau-
tion and by the necessary legislation; and the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Raymond.]
from his middle stand-point, responds "amen"
to'both propositions.
It being conceded, then, that the rebels have
no rights to conflict with what has been done,
and that being all and even more than all that
any party proposes, I care nothing about the
peculiar theory upon which each party bases
our right to do this. My colleague [Mr. Sti>
ven's] may say that the rebel States are out of
the Union, and may call the people of the South
conquered alien enemies. Ihe gentleman from
New York [Mr. Raymoxd] may reply that if
this were so, by conquering them we have suc-
ceeded to their rights and liabilities, and have
already assumed the lebel debt—that if a wrong
doer lakes forcible possession of half my dwell-
ing house and for four years resists all my ef-
forts to dislodge him, when I succeed I bccome
his legal representative, and whether I succced
to assets or not, I not only become responsible
for his baker's bill, his grocer's, and his butch-
er's, but I must pay the very lawyer he employed
to defraud me of my rights.
My colleague may call the old organizations
dead States if be is only willing to put living
ones in their places. And the gentleman from
New York may urge thatthe rebels are merely
suspended, if he is only willing to let them hang
and make our future arrangements with the loyal
men of the South.
The problem, therefore, being the conferring
of new rights, and not the ascertaining of old
ones, nothing but the supreme legislative power
of the Government is competent to the task.
The President as Commander-in-Chief may take
military possession of the conquered country.
He may erect for temporary purposes a species
of semi-civil, semi-military government, and he
may appoint orletthe people elect provisional
governors, but he cannot make a State ot the
Union. Such a power would be monstrous.
The framers of the Constitution never intended
to give a President, reeligible and a possible
candidate for reelcction, the right by proclama-
tion to create additional electoral votes.
I am satisfied that the President assumes no
such power. It is only fair to inter that what
has seemed an exercise of despotic power, what
has seemed executive legislation, is onlyatem-
porary expedient forced upon the President by
the necessitv of the oecasion. It is fair to as-
sume that he has only invited these southern
communities to frame State governments and
submit them to Congress for approval, just as
California did. Whether he has made his over-
tures to the'wrong parties is a question that must
await the result of his experiment, if indeed that
experiment has not already been fully tried.
Upon the political rights of the defeated
rebels 1 have shown that all parties are agreed,
since all parties are consenting to the utter ig-
noring of all their possible rights. But by whom
the necessary new political rights are to be con-
ferred upon them seems to be an open ques-
tion. The Republicans maintain that the func-
tions of the war power extend no further than
taking military possession of the conquered
country—that creating States therein, either de
novo or out of old ones, is legislation, and that
no department of Government but Congress can
pass acts of Congress. They therefore hold
that as yet nothing has been done in the busi-
ness of reconstruction except taking and holding
the country subjugated in military possession.
From all this, two very small, but very select
parties, the Democrats and the Conservatives,
entirely dissent. The former, represented bv
the gentleman from New Jersey, [Mr. Rogers, j
hold that these southern communities are enti-
tled now, without further action, to represen-
tation here. The latter, represented by the
gentleman from New York, [Mr. Ratmqxd,]
maintain that with certain guarantees, to be
fixed upon by the President alone, they will
be so entitled. I will leave these gentlemen
and their respective parties to settle this slight
discrepancy between them in their own way,
satisfied that the country has little interest in it.
But 1 will venture to suggest that the organiza-
tions existing in the South are not those which
existed there six years ago, nor those that
formod the rebel confederacy, nor those that
surrendered to our arms, nor the legitimate suc-
cessors of them or any of them, but new crea-
tions antagonistic to them, set up over their
ruins by the Commander-in-Chief of the armies.
1 will venture further to suggest that the pol-
icy they unite in sustaining would have been
called, in the bettor days of the Republic, the
arbitrary exercise of despotic power, and pro-
nounced worthy of the first Napoleon.
While these parties are settling bet v. een them-
selves which of their theories accords best with
submission to the unlimited power of a single
man, I will direct the attention of the majority of
this House and of the country to the question,
what shall we do with these conquered people?
Now, I do not object to the organizations we find
among them performing the functions, to some
extent, ofStategovernments, thatthey emanated
from the Executive, nor that their origin was mil-
itary, nor that they were forced upon the peo-
ple by (he power of the conqueror, though all
this is true. If they are republican in form, if
they are satisfactory to the people, and, above
all, if we can safely intrust to them the rights
of the loyal men of the South, of whatever caste
or lineage, we ought to legalize now what we
might have authorized.
But before this is done, let us be very sure
that these organizations contain the requisites,
and above all the last one. We would deserve
the execration of the civilized world.if we should
now basely desert our allies in the South, and
sacrifice them as a peace offering to our old
enemies. 1 am not demanding sanguinary pun-
ishments; lam willing even to dii~pcn.se with
my colleague's wholesale confiscations; but the
system of reconstruction that docs not effectu-
ally guaranty the rights of the Union men of
the South cannot command my support.
It has been said in certain quarters that we
have already acknowledged these pretended
State governments by permitting them to rake
part in ratifying the late constitutional amend-
ment, and taking advantage of their act to com-
plete the ratification. But who has done this?
Not Congress, nor Ihe courts, nor any depart-
ment of Government that had rights or duties
in the premises. It would be curious if we
must consult tluwe who have repudiated the
Constitution whether we shall amend it or not.
What have they to do with altering a compact
who deny being parties to it? According to
this notion, if these eleven States had held out
forever, the remaining twenty-five, not being-
three fourths of the thirty-six, never could alter
the Constitution. Besides, if the votes of those
States were needed to i atify the amendment,
then there was no amendment to ratify. _ If
these States must be counted in the ratification
they were entitled to a voice in the adoption,
and if so, the amendment did not pass by the
constitutional majority in either branch of Con-
gress. if two thirds of the Senators and Rep-
resentatives from the loyal States alone eoum
lawfully adopt the amendment, three fourths of
the Legislatures of the lojal States alone could
lawfully ratify it-
Slavery is indeed abolished among the con-
quered rebels, but not by virtue of acts of rati-
fication passed by their pretended Legislatures
under duress, and bv dictation from Washing-
ton. No. slavery there fell when the last rebel
belligerent surrendered. This position is of no
practical importance now since in any view of
i the case the institution is abolished. But it
j may serve to explain my view of the status of
i the conquered rebels to consider the effect of
! conquest on the relation of master and slave,
j Slavery in America was not founded upon
I positive enactment. Laws tegulated that rela-
tion, but did not create it. No master could
appeal to the statute by virtue of which he
owned his slave. In tracing his title the owner
could only show that he lawfully succeeded to
the rights of the former owner of the mother
of his chattel, and so backward step by step
until the first owner was found in Africa as the
captor, in war of some kind, of the first slave
ancestress. In short, slaves are prisoners of
war and their descendants, the children follow-
ing the condition of the mother.
Formerly, according to the customs of the
most civilized nations, prisoners of war were at
the mercy of the captor, who might kill them,
enslave them, or sell them ; and even now there
is nothing to prevent this except the changed
customs of nations.
Barbarians weie no better than Christians in
this regard, and the princes of Dahomey made
war and captured and enslaved prisoners. Now,
suppose wdiilc yet the slave trade was a divine
institution, a prince of that country, with his
hundred slaves, had been captured by a neigh-
boring belligerent, sold to some enlightened
Englishman, and transported to the markets of
the New World. What would become of the
relation of master and slave between the prince
and his subjects ? Would it have been respected
in a Washington slave market? Could ithave
been set up with effect in any court in Christen-
dom? Certainly not; and why? Because con-
quest reduces the subjects of it to one uniform
level. No one can claim rights over another,
because none can claim rights exccpt under the
law of nations, and the law of nations knows no
distinction between the lord and the serf when
both are prisoners of war.
When the people of the South submitted their
cause of quarrel to the arbitrament ofarms, they
staked the existence of the institution of slavery
upon the result. They must succeed or it must
perish. If they had forced terms from the Gov-
ernment their system might have been saved;
but a surrender without conditions is a sur-
render of their entire organized population as
prisoners of war, and prisoners of war can hold
no prisoners.
All this is in accordance with common reason.
The title of these people to their slaves was no
better than that of the first captor to the first
slave ancestress. In fact it was the same title.
Now, if that captor and that ancestress had been
themsehes captured, does any one pretend that
the relation of master and slave wouldhave con-
tinued between them ?
It follows that no amendment to the Consti-
tution, no proclamation of emancipation was
needed to abolish slavery among those who
waged war against the Government and were
conquered. The result placed master and slave
on the same level, from which neither can rise
without the consent of the conqueror.
I return to the question, shall Congress legal-
ize these pretended State governments? and
to the question on which its decision, in my
judgment, mainly depends, can we safely in-
trust to these governments the rights and inter-
ests of the Union men of the South? The prop-
osition itself is rather a startling one. These
governments are almost wholly in the hands of
men who were actively engaged in the rebel-
lion, traitors, pardoned traitors certainly, but
not the less traitors. Executive clemency may
remit the punishment, but it cannot uncommit
the crime. Was Arnold invited to take part in
the Government of the country? Was Burr,
after his treason ? Yet these experiments would
have been trifling compared with what we are
asked to try.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. "Will the gentleman
allow me to interrupt him a moment?
Mr. BROOMALL. I will not object if my
time is extended.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. T would not inter-
rupt the gentleman, only the inquiry I desire to
make seems to be pertinent to this branch of
the gentleman's argument. I would like
his opinion, as he seems to have studied the
subject somewhat, as to whether the President
has the power to grant a special pardon for an
