470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE,
January 27,
alleged crime before the person cliarged with
its commission has been convicted ?
Mr. BROOMALL. I can only answer the
question of the gentleman from Iowa [Mr. Wil-
son] by stating that the law has been so held
in the State of Pennsylvania. I am inclined to
think that the President can pardon for a crime
before conviction. But T express that opinion
without an examination of the Constitution and
laws of the United States on that particular
subject.
Mr. STEVENS. While we are upon that
subject I would like to ask my colleague [Mr.
Broomall] if he thinks that the President can
restore property that has been confiscated as
belonging to a belligerent, and the proceeds of
which have been vested in the United States?
Can the President thus restore property confis-
cated ?
Mr. BROOMALL. If I am to answer that
question from my own stand-point., E would say
that the President has not the power. If I am
to answer it from the stand-point of those who
have adopted the President's policy to its fullest
extent, I should say that I do not know any
limit that they make to the power of the Exec-
utive.
These men are expected to represent their
States in Congress. They are large holders of
the rebel debt. Arc they therefore especially
qualified to vote for taxation to pay the cost of
their own subjugation? Some of them have
lost a limb in the rebel service; others have
lost sons and brothers. Are they therefore
especially qualified to vole pensions to our
wounded soldiers and the widows of our dead
ones? In other countries such men have been
hanged, or at (he very least have been suf-
fered to expatriate themselves to avoid that
punishment. We propose not only to let them
aid in governing us, but to turn 'over to their
sole and irresponsible care the lives and prop-
erty of all the loyal men of the South. An ex-
periment, so new in the world's history, and
against which the presumptions of common rea-
son are so strong, had belter be first tried on a
very small scale and watched narrowly.
It was much for a man to stand true to bis
allegiance in the very heart of the rebellion,
withstanding the example and the entieaties
of friends, and the threats of enemies. It, was
no merit to bo loyal in Massachusetts. With
all the surroundings that incited to loyalty
there, a man must be intensely had to be other-
wise. lint, in South Carolina the case was
widely different. There the loyal man was
looked upon as a spy and a traitor. For four
long years his life, was at the mercy of the mob,
his dwelling invited the torch of the incendiary.
Arrests, imprisonments, tortures, were always
anticipations, often realities to him. Yet, a
body of men interspersed throughout, t he Sout h.
not large, not influential, not" even all white
men, withstood all this, and for four long }"enrs
ministered to the eomfoif, and safety of 1 lie
I tiiiou soldier, and prayed in secret for a return
of the Federal power and a sight of the old
flag. Shall we turn these men overlo the len-
der mercies of their rebelneighbors, whom their
very virtues have rendered the worse enemies?
Shall we cause these men in very bitterness of
heartto curse their loyalty? There may be future
rebellions. The new mode of punishing treason
does not seem calculated to prevent its repeti-
tion. Let our country boware how it tramples
upon virtue and makes crime profitable ; how
it offers a reward for future treason.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. HUBBELL, of Ohio, obtained the floor.
i -G&OOMALL. I trust ilin.1 the Hon^e
will allow mo to finish my remarks, inasmuch j
as 1 have been no much interrupted. t
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. With the consent i
of the gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. I
I will move that the gentleman from Pennsyl- '
vania [Mr. Broomall] be allowed sufficient ■
time to conclude his remarks. i
There being no objection, the motion was i
agreed to. ' |
Mr. BROOMALL. Has any information been I
received by Congress or the country from the
district lately in rebellion calculated to rebut
the presumption that those whom the Govern-
ment has conquered are still the enemies of the
Government? General Grant has visited that
country, and after a week of investigation has
given us as his opinion that the late rebels are
seriously returning to their allegiance, that all
disaffection is fast disappearing, and that the
people are about ready to be intrusted with their
own government.
Now, with all due respect to that distin-
guished commander, I must be allowed to sug-
gest that he was hardly the man to send upon
such an errand. The Lieutenant General is
probably the only man in America who, if
known in any community in it, could by no pos-
sibility ascertain the sentiments of that com-
munity. Surrounded, as he doubtless was, by
admirers, by batterers, by politicians, his chance
of obtaining access to the common people and
learning their sentiments was about as good as
if he had made the tour he did inclosed in one
of Herring's patent safes, livery man he met
was interested in thinking as he thought, in
pleasing him in return for the honor of his com-
pany. Would any one differ in opinion from
General Grant? Would he hear disloyalty, dis-
affection? What other conclusion could he
come to than that, though there might be smoth-
ered treason somewhere, it was confined to the
common people, the lower orders with whom
he difl not mingle?
Carl Scliurz has also made a tour of investi-
gation amongthe defeated rebels. lie labored
under no such difficulties as those which sur-
rounded General Grant. He was not inclosed
miles deep with polite, obsequious, and hypo-
critical disloyalty. His report is before the
country, and it by no means favors the experi-
ment we are trying. lie thinks Congress had
better send one or more in\ estigating commit-
tees mto that country before intrusting its des-
tiny to conquered rebels.
if there were no other difficulties in the way,
can we intrust the negroes unaided to the rule
of their late masters? If no new cause of disa-
gi cement, had occurred between the two classes,
what wan ant have ue for supposing that the
dominant lace would tieat, the senile one bet-
ter than heietofore? And heietof'ore the for-
mer enslaved the latter, and made it a crime to
speak of liberty within its hearing. It will be
answered that shivery being abolished, a recur-
rence of that, state of things is impossible. This
is true in words; bill if we leave all power 111 the
hands of the dominant race, wo will have done
the negro little kindness in abolishing slavery.
We, will have abolished the duties of the slave-
holder while we will have preserved his power
and his spirit, only transferring them from the
individual to the mass. We will have left the
negro a, slave to the community, with no one
man pecuniarily interested in his well-being.
Hut a new cause of disagreement has arisen.
In the gigaut ie struggle through which we have
passed, tin negro has been on the, side of the
country and against his master, tie sought our
camps and ollered his services at a time when
we were base enough 1o send him back to his
master to be scourged. And even under that
treatment no Onion spy or prisoner, 110 rebel
refugee or deserter, ever threw himself upon the
protection of a negro and was betrayed.
Loyal to a Government to which he owed
nothing but chains; a Government which had
authoritatively pronounced from it 3 highest altar
of justice that i10 had 110 rights which it was
bound to respect; true when the hand that fed
him and could crush him became false: .shed-
ding his blood and leaving his bones 0:1 the mo«t
sanguinary battle-fields, fighting, and falling
when he fell, always 011 the side of loyalty, shail
wo leave him to the tender mercies of his and i
our old enemies? I answer, without his con-
! sent, never!
j What then? Shall we confer upon the negro
j the right of suffrage in the reclaimed territory?
1 Certainly, if that will protect him. While I en-
I tircly dissent from the opinion of my colleague
[Mr. Kelley] that Congress, under the Consti-
tution as it now stands, can regulate the right
of suffrage in the States of the Union, yet I
cannot doubt its power to do so in the District
of Columbia, the Territories, and in the coun-
try reclaimed from the rebellion.
At one time the Democrats would have denied
this power; but standing committed to the acts
of the President in the conquered territory as
they do, claiming for him the right to organize
States therein and fix the right of suffrage by
proclamation, it is hardly worth while to inquire
what possible, power they could consistently
deny to the President and Congress united.
In short,, the Government of the United States
above all other duties owes it to itself and to
humanity to guard the rights of those who. in
the midst of rebellion, periled their lives and
fortunes for its honor, of whatever caste or lin-
eage they be. These people have, common cause.
In the darkest day of our country's trial, when
treason within and treason without waited only
to shake hands over the grave of the Republic,
the loyal men of the North demanded the aid
of the negro as a soldier. He came amid the
sneers of polished disloyalty and the curses of
unpolished. He shared the danger and the
victory. Now the loyal men of our own lineage
in the South are asking the aid of the negro to
confront pardoned but unrepentant traitors at,
the ballot-box. Again the sneers and curses of
polished and unpolished disloyalty are brought
into requisition. But shall the request be denied?
It is within the possible future that the loyal
wdiite men and the loyal black men, working
side by side, will yet reconstruct the South on
the basis of equal rights to all men. not only
before the law, but, in that which makes the
law, thrusting out of the way those abortions
assuming fo be States, the hybrid products of the
most corrupt elements of northern and south-
ern society.
Finally, it remains for me to answer the ques-
tion with which I set out, for myself and in my
own way. 1 am willing to try these new organ-
izations long enough to show either that they
are or are not capablo of protecting the inter-
ests of all classes, holding them subject to the
controlling legislation of Congress, to be used
to prevent or correct abuses. If the experiment
should run through an entire decade, if these
people should bo forty years in the wilderness,
no evil can result to the South or the country.
Almost all of local government may be carried
on in these organizations as in the States. Con-
gress, it is true, will lose the services of such
men as represented that country in 1801, but
Congress can afford to do this.
During this experiment these people will be
taxed by the United States without, their con-
sent ; but t his is a small punishment for so enor-
mous a crim-o as that "which brought upon them
this state of things. They taxed us without
our consent, both in blood and money, for four
long years.
In the mean time let the Constitution be so
amended that a representative from South Car
oiina will not be elected by a fourth of the num-
ber of electors required for one from Pennsylva-
nia; so that if the negro of the South must be
counted as a political element in the Union he
shall cast his own vote, and not have it cast by his
antagonistic and probably disloyal neighbor.
Tfthe experiment shall result, in favor of these
organizations. I propose that they be constitu-
ted Stales of the Union by act of Congress. If,
as is much 11101 e likely, they shall prove unable
or unwilling to protect the inteiests of all classes,
and especially of those who never voluntarily
rendered aid or comfoit to the rebellion, then
Congress should thrust them aside a-ithe Pres-
ident did their predecessors, and create new
States by the votes and voices of the loyal men
of the South only, forever excluding the active
and willing traitors. But under no circumstan-
ces will I consent to erect any such community
into a State, of the Union as long as standing
armies are needed in that community to pre-
serve the public peace and collect the public
revenue.
