1534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 20,
to consent to the transfer without some sug-
gestion from the Department to that effect.
Mr. INGrBRSO LL. The Assistant Secretary
of State remarked to me the other day that
this change should he made, as without trad-
ing privileges the place would be almost
worthless.
Mr. KASSON. The committee have received
no intimati'on that the Department desires this
change. I think the bill better pass as it stands,
and go to the Senate; and if the Department
desire the change made it can be done in the
Senate.
Mr. INGERSOLL. I will not insist on my
amendment; I will withdraw it.
Mr. HARDING,_ of Illinois. Before we
pass from this.portion of the bill I would ask
what is the difference in compensation between
schedule B and schedule C'!
Mr. KASSON. In the one it is $1,500 ; in
the other $750.
Mr. INGERSOLL. What is the difference
between the compensation and privileges of
the commercial agents in schedule B and
schedule C ?
Mr. KASSON. Those under schedule B
receive a higher salary and are charged with
more responsible duties, in some important
particulars, than those under schedule 0, who
hare some privileges of trade, corresponding
with the system of the country.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. Mr. Chair-
man, it is not often that I propose to make an
office with a salary attached; and I do not know
that I shall make such a proposition now. But,
sir, I desire to say—and I submit the matter to
the attention of the chairman of the Committee
on Appropriations—that the Secretary of State
has sent to me, as chairman of the Committee on
Commerce, a communication in relation to the
consulate at Malta. This communication comes
from the consul at that place, Mr. Winthrop,
a gentleman who has occupied the position con-
tinuously for thirty-two or thirty-three years
during all Administrations, and who, as consul,
has done a great deal for this country. The
salary of this consulate was abolished some time
ago; and since that time the consul has received
only fees. It appears that now, in consequence
of some regulations which have been adopted,
the fees of this consul have been almost entirely
cut off; and it is stated that no consul can re-
main at Malta if he receives only the fees. That
is, as we all know, a very important point at
which to have a consul; and it is important,
also, in my view, that we should continue to have
the services of the gentleman who now holds
the position.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman's sugges-
tion is very proper. The committee had in-
tended to insert a provision to meet this case.
I move the following amendment:
Insert at the end of lino ninety-seven the word
Malta."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move to amend by in-
serting after the word " China, " in line one
hundred and three, the following words:
And the consular courts at Bankok, in Siam.
So that the paragraph will read:
For interpreters to the consulates in China, and
the consular courts at Bankok, in Siam, including
loss by exchange thereon, $5,800.
The amendment was agreed' to.
Mr. STEVENS. In the same paragraph I
move to amend by striking out "five" and
inserting "six."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. I move to amend by strik-
ing out lines one hundred and nineteen to one
hundred and twenty-two, reading as follows:
For expenses under the act of Congress to carry
into effect the treaty between the United States and
her Britannic Majesty for the suppression of the
African slave trade, $17,000.
Mr. Chairman, as we have now abolished
slavery throughout the United States, and are
not responsible in any degree for that institu-
tion, and as no more slaves are likely to be
brought from Africa to the United States, I
desire to.ask whether we have not discharged
our national obligations on this question, and
whether it is not time to give notice to Great
Britain for the abrogation of this treaty and
cease to make these appropriations.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman from New
York will remember that this appropriation is
made in pursuance of a treaty between this
country and Great Britain. That treaty is not
yet abrogated; and until it is, I suppose that
we are obliged to make the appropriation.
Whether it is proper to abrogate that treaty,
I do not know. That question belongs, of
course, to the Government. But as the treaty
still exists, we are bound to make the appro-
priation.
Mr. BROOKS. I hare no means of reach-
ing the Government except through this House,
and therefore I rise to say that it seems to me
that, situated as we now are with regard to
foreign nations, it is quite time for the Govern-
ment to take measures for the abrogation of
this treaty.
1 withdraw the amendment.
Mr. KASSON. I move to amend by adding
the following as a new section:
And be it further enacted, That the President be,
and is hereby, authorized to appoint, by and with the
advice and consent of the Senate, an officer in the
Department of State to be called Solicitor to the De-
partment of State, at an annual salary of $3,000.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. That can-
not be in order on this bill.
Mr. KASSON. This amendment is in ac-
cordance with the recommendation of the Sec-
retary of State, communicated in a letter which
I have sent for, and which will be here in a
moment. It is in harmony with the bill, and
is in order under the rule, because it is neces-
sary to carry out the operations of the Depart-
ment under existing law.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I raise the
point that the amendment is out of order.
The CHAIRMAN. The Clerk will read the
rale bearing on the question.
The Clerk read, as follows:
"120. No appropriation shall be reported in such
general appropriation bills, or be in order as an
amendment thereto, for any expenditure not pre-
viously authorized by law, unless in continuation of
appropriations for such public works and objects as
are already in progress, and for the contingencies for
carrying on the several departments of the Govern-
ment."
The CHAIRMAN. The Chair overrules the
point of order.
Mr. KASSON. The letter to which I refer
states that, owing to the large number, the very
large number, of claims presented by citizens
of the United States against foreign countries
and by citizens of foreign countries against the
United States, arising out of claims for dam-
ages by rebel privateers and interference with
commerce during the late war, it is necessary,
for the proper conduct of that part of the busi-
ness of the Department, that this officer should
be placed there to make examinations, and to
report on them.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. There is
no quorum of the committee here present, and
as I do not want to break, up the committee by
calling for a division, I am willing that this
amendment of the committee shall be agreed
to, provided we shall be allowed to have a vote
on it in the House.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. The amend-
ment was agreed to with the understanding that
we should bo allowed to. have a vote on it in
the House.
Mr. BANKS. I move to insert inline four-
teen, before the word "Mexico" and after the
word "Brazil," the words "republic of," so
that it will read "republic of Mexico."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KASSON. In consequence of the
amendment moved by the gentleman from Il-
linois, I move to insert after the word "Mal-
aga" in line sixty-eight the word "Malta,"
and to increase the appropriation in the one
hundred and second line, so that it will read,
"$22,000."
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It ought
to be $21,500.
Mr. RAYMOND. I have been informed at
the Department of State that no increase is
needed, as this appropriation will cover all
additions.
I will add that the consular department of
the United States supports itself by the fees
which are received.
Mr. KASSON. Then I withdraw my amend:
merit.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the bill be
laid aside to be reported to the House with a
recommendation that it do pass.
The motion was agreed to.
post office appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the commit-
tee proceed to the consideration of House bill
No. 280, making appropriations for the service
of the Post Office Department during the fiscal
year ending the 30th of June, 18G7, and for
other purposes.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I move that the first read-
ing of the bill for information be dispensed with,
and that it be read by sections for amendment.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. BROOKS. Mr. Chairman, I hope some
efficient system will be devised for the delivery
of mails in our cities. The people of the city
of-New York, almost an empire of itself, and
of its suburbs, with a million and a half of pop-
ulation, ought to be able to communicate with
each other five or six times every day. At
present they have no means of doing so. If
there were such means they would yield an
abundant revenue to the Post Office Depart-
ment.
I call attention to the matter here, having no
other means of expressing my views on this
subject than when this bill is pending. I speak
of my own city of New York, and I say that the
delivery of letters by letter-carriers there is
unworthy of the American people, and de-
serves at once the action of Congress, so that
a sufficient remedy may be applied.
Mr. STEVENS. I think that is a pertinent
inquiryfor theCommittee onthe Post Officeand
Post Roads, and I have no doubt the able gen-
tleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Alley] will
take charge of it. It has nothing to do with
an appropriation bill.
Mr. BROOKS. But the Committee on the Post
Office and Post Roads has not the opportunity
to report at any time like the Committee on
Appropriations. I wish the chairman of the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads
were ready at the present time to submit an
amendment on that subject.
Mr. CONKLING. Does the gentleman refer
only to the carriers in the city of New York ?
Mr. BROOKS. I only speak of New York
city.
Sir. CONKLING. I wish to say that the
carriers in my city do their duty most accept-
ably, and I do not wish any reflections to be
cast upon them.
Mr. ALLEY. I will say for the information
of the gentleman from New York [Mr.BuooKs]
and of the House that this carrier system has
given great satisfaction in all the cities with
which I am acquainted. In my own city it
certainly has given very great satisfaction. I
have heard no complaint whatever from any
city, except it may be the city of New York.
I have heard some complaint from that city)
but with that single exception I have heard
not a word of fault found with the manage-
ment of the carrier system in any city or large
town of the Union.
I do not know that I have any particular in-
formation in regard to the city of New York,
but I presume it is as the gentleman says, that
some parts of that city are not as well taken
care of as others.
But it gives such eminent satisfaction to all
other cities that I think there must be some-
thing peculiar about that particular city which
causes so much dissatisfaction there.
