3454
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
ized to establish additional land districts and to ap-
point the necessary officers under existing Jaws,
wherever he may deem the same necessary for the
public convenience in executing the provisions of
this act.
yEC. 6. And be it further enacted, That whenever
adverse claimants to any mine located and claimed
as aforesaid, shall appear before the approval of the
survey, as provided in the third section of this act,
all proceedings shall be stayed until a final settle-
ment and adjudication in the courts of competent
jurisdiction of the rights of possession to such claim,
- when a patent may issue as in other cases.
Sec. 7. And be it further enacted, That wherever
prior to the passage of this act, upon the lands here-
tofore designated as mineral lands which have been
excluded from survey and sale, there have been home-
steads made by citizens of the United States, or per-
sons who have declared their intention to bccome cit-
izen?, which homesteads have been mad.e, improved,
and used for agricultural purposes, and upon which
there have been no valuable mines of gold, silver,
cinnabar, or copper discovered, and which arc prop-
erly agricultural lands, the said settlers or owners
of such homesteads shall have a right of preemption
thereto, and shall be entitled to purchase the same
at the priee of SI 25 per acre, and in quantity not to
exceed one hundred and sixty acres, or said parties
may avail themselves of the provisions of the act of
Congress approved May 20,1862, entitled " An act to
secure homesteads to actual settlers on the public
domain," and acts amendatory thereof.
Sec. 8. And beit further enacted, That upon the sur-
vey of the lands aforesaid, the Secietary of the Inte-
rior may designate and set apart such portions of the
said lands as are clearly agricultural lands, which
lands shall thereafter be subject to preemption and
sale as other public lands of the United States, and
subje'et to all the laws and regulations applicable to
the same.
Sf.c. 9. And be it further enacted, That whenever, by
priority of possession, rights to the use of water for
mining, agricultural, manufacturing, or other pur-
poses, have vested and accrued, and the same arc
recognized and acknowledged by the local customs,
laws, and the decisions of courts, the possessors and
owners of such vested rights shall be maintained and
protected in the same; and the right of way for the
construction of ditches and canals for the purposes
aforesaid is hereby acknowledged and confirmed:
Provided, however, That whenever, after the passage
of this act, any person or persons shall, in the con-
struction of any ditch or canal, injure or damage the
possession of any settler on the public domain, the
party committing such injury ordamagc shall bo lia-
ble to the party injured ior such injury or damage.
Sec. 10. And be it further cnacted, That the risrht
of tfay lor the construction of highways over public
lands, not reserved for public uses, is hereby granted.
Sec. 11. And be it further enacted, That as a further
condition of sale, in the absence of necessary legis-
lation by Congress, the local Legislature of any State
or Territory may provide rules for working mines,
involving easements, drainage, and other necessary
means to their complete development: and those
conditions shall be fully expressed in the patent.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendment was concurred in. The
bill was ordered to be engrossed for a third read-
ing. was read a third time, and passed. On
motion of Mr. Stewart, the tille was amended
so as to read, "A bill to legalize the occupation
of mineral lands and to extend the right of
preemption thereto.''
message from tiie house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had agreed
to some and disagreed to other amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 513) to
reduce internal taxation and to amend an act
entitled '"An act to provide internal revenue
to support the Government, to pay interest on
the public debt, and for other purposes," ap-
proved June .'JO, 1804. and acts amendatory
thereof, asked a confereneeon the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had ap-
pointed Mr. Justin S. Morrill of Vermont,
Mr. William B. Allison of Iowa, and Mr.
Charles H. Winfield of New York, managers
at the sarpe on its part.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 30) to create an additional land
district in the State of Oregon;
A bill (S. No. 173) to amend an act entitled
"An act granting land to the State of Michigan
to aid in building a harbor and ship-canal at
Portage Lake, Iveweenaw Point, Lake Supe-
rior,'' approved March 3, 1865; and
A bill (8. No. 219) granting certain lands to
the State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a ship-canal to connect the waters of Lake
Superior with the lake known as Lac La Belle,
in said State.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing Senate bill, with amendments to each,
in which amendments it requested the concur-
rence of the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 222) further to prevent smug-
gling, and for other purposes: and
A bill (S. No. 37) making a grant of lands
in alternate sections to aid in the construction
and extension of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot Knob, in the State of Missouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
bills, in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested:
A bill (H. R. No. 090) to explain and limit
an act to grant the right of way to the Hum-
boldt Canal Company through the public lands
of the United States;
A bill (H. R. No. 733) for the discontinu-
ance of land offices and authorizing modifica-
tions in the limits of certain land districts ; and
A bill (H. R. No. 734) granting landstothe
State of Minnesota for the establishment of an
asylum for the relief of disabled soldiers and
sailors of that State and of the United States.
approval 01? bills.
A message from the President of the United
States, byMr. Cooi'iiR, his Secretary, announced
that the President had approved and signed, on
the 27th instant, the,following acts:
An act (S. No. 59) to provide for the revis-
ion and consolidation of the statutes of the
United States;
An act (S. No. 180) for the relief of A. J.
Gray;
An act (S. No. 238) granting a pension to
Mrs. Amarilla Cook;
An act (S. No. 275) for the relief of Cor-
nelius Crowley;
An act (S. No. 330) ranking further provision
for the establishment of an armory and arsenal
of construction, deposit, and repair at Rock
Island, in the State of Illinois ;
An act (S. No. 200) for the relief of Jane
Harris;
An act (S. No. 270) for the relief of Mrs.
Jernsha Witter;
An act (S. No. 298) granting a pension to
Jane D. Brent;
An act (S. No. 320) granting a pension to
Mrs. Harriet B. Crocker;
An act (S. No. 339) granting a pension to
Benjamin Franklin;
An act (S. No. 342) for the benefit of Ira B.
Curtis;
An act (S. No. 375) to amend an act grant-
ing a pension to tlie widow of the late Major
General Hiram G. Berry; and
An act (S. No. 381) to amend an act entitled
"An act to authorize the sale of marine hos-
pitals and revenue-cutters," approved April
20, 18(30.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
the Senate a message from the President of
the United States transmitting a communica-
tion from the Secretary of the Navy with an
accompanying copy of a report and map pre-
pared by the board of examiners appointed
under the authority of the joint resolution ap-
proved June 1, 18GG, to examine a site for a
fresh-water basm for iron-clads of the United
States Navy; which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Naval Aifairs, and ordered to be
printed.
internal taxation.
The Senate proceeded to consider its amend-
ments to the bill (H. R. No. 513) to reduce
internal taxation and to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to sup-
port the Government, to pay interest on the
public debt, and for other purposes," approved
June 30, 1804, which were disagreed to by the
House of Representatives and upon which the
House requested a committee of conference.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make the usual mo-
tion that the Senate insist on its amendments
non-concurred in by the House, and agree to
the conference asked by the House.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I move that the com-
mittee on the part of the Senate be appointed
by the Chair.
The motion was agreed to by unanimous con-
sent, and Mr. Fessekden, Mr. Van Winkle, and
Mr. Guthrie were appointed the committee'.
PREVENTION of SMUGGLING.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 222) further to prevent smuggling,
and for other purposes.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Senate
disagree to the House amendments, and ask
for a conference on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CHANDLER. I move that the Chair
appoint the committee of conference on the
part of the Senate.
The _ motion was agreed to by unanimous
consent.
pilot knob and helena railroad.
The Senate proceeded to consider the amend-
ments of the House of Representatives to the
bill (S. No. 37) making a grant of lands in
alternate sections to aid in the construction
and extension of the Iron Mountain railroad
from Pilot ICnob, in the State of Missouri, to
Helena, in Arkansas.
Mr. BROWN. Let that bill lie on the table
for the present. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
house bills referred.
The bill (H. R. No. 690) to explain and
limit an act to grant the right of way to the
Humboldt, Canal Company though the public
lands of the United States; the bill (H. R. No.
733) for the discontinuance of land offices and
authorizing modifications in the limits of cer-
tain land districts, and the bill (H. R. No. 734)
granting lands to the State of Minnesota for
the establishment of an asylum for the relief
of disabled soldiers and sailors of that State
and of the United States were severally read
twice by their titles and referred to the Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
niagara siiip-canal.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
(H. R. No. 344) to incorporate the Niagara
ship-canal, which was taken up on the motion
of the Senator from Wisconsin [Mr. HovveJ a
few moments since, and was then laid aside
by common consent, is now before the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, and will be
read.
The Secretary proceeded to read the bill,
but was interrupted by
Mr. SHERMAN. I will ask if it is in order
now, before the reading is completed, to mOve
to postpone this bill. The motion that I desire
to submit, perhaps, might as well be made
before the bill is read at length.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. A motion
to postpone is in order.
Mr. SHERMAN. I move, then, to postpone
the further consideration of this bill until the
first Monday of December next. I will state
the reason why I am induced to make this
motion. _ This bill, we all know, involves an
appropriation ultimately of $0,000,000. It is
for the purpose of building a very important
work, well understood by every member of
the Senate, around the falls of Niagara, within
the State of New York. The Committee on
Commerce of the Senate have reported, as an
amendment to this bill, the following section:
Sec. 28. And, be it further enacted. That this act
shall uot take effect unless the Legislature of the
State of New York shall, within one year of the date
hereof, give its assent thereto.
The consequence is, that if we shall spend
much of the remaining hours of the session
upon this bill, no action can be had under it
until after the Legislature of New York meets;
and that, I am informed, is not until the first
Monday in January next.' This bill also pro-
