1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3455
poses to incorporate a company t,o build an
improvement within the State of New York,
and it involves very grave constitutional ques-
tions, which always give rise to debate in this
body. If the State of New York assents to the
building of this work within its limits, and by
a corporation of the United States, and if the
provisions of this bill depend upon that condi-
tion-precedent, it is manifestly proper that we
should first get the assent of the State of New
York; and to avoid the constitutional questions
that will be raised, it will be very proper that
this corporation should be a corporation of the
State of New York, and that the grant of Con-
gress should be to the corporation of the State
of New York, upon such conditions as Congress
may prescribe.
I am not willing to pass a law involving an
appropriation of 30,000,000, the validity of
which will depend upon the act of a State Le-
gislature, or the assent of a State to that law. 1
think we ought to compel the smaller power
to act first, and give our consent afterward :
and then if the. State of New York consents to
the building of a canal within its limits around
the falls of Niagara, it must bo done by the
Legislature of that State, and that cannot be
done until January next: and they might deem
it much more proper to have this improvement
constructed by a corporation erganized under
the laws of that State. Then it will be time
enough for Congress to say whether it will grant
aid on the part of the United States to the
construction of the work. It seems to me we
are putting the cart before the horse. AVe
ought to wait until 1 he Legislature of the State
of New York acts, until it incorporates a com-
pany, and then we may in the usual way aid to
any extent we may see proper in the construc-
tion of this woik; but for us, at this period of
the session, to waste our time upon the passage
of a bill the whole validity of which depends
upon the subsequent action of the Legislature
ot'a State, it seems to me is not a wise disposi-
tion of the few days we have left.
Mr. SUMNER. I should like to ask the
Senator whether in his opinion the assent of
the State is absolutely necessary.
Mr. SHERMAN. This bill requires it.
Mr. SUMNER. The proposed amendment
to the bill requires it?
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is re-
ported by the committee, and as a matter of
course by the friends of the bill. I take it,
that being reported by the committee that
brings the bill before us, it will be adopted ;
it is, at least, their desire that it should be
adopted; and indeed without this amendment,
perhaps—I cannot say positively—it would not
have passed the committee. The fact that the
commiitee did ingraft this amendment upon
it, shows that without the assent of the Legis-
lature of New York, the committee were not
willing to undertake this work. I therefore
submit to the Semite and to the Senator
whether it is not better that the assent of the
State of New York should first bo obtained,
as we make that a condition-precedent, that
they should then prescribe the formula ol a
corporation and the mode and manner of con-
structing this work, and that then we give them
our grant, if we give them any, upon such terms
and conditions as wc may prescribe afterward.
Mr. SUMNElt. As the Senator has evi-
dently reflected upon the question, the point
to which 1 wished to draw his attention was,
whether, in his opinion, the previous assent of
New York was necessary. Of course, if in
his opinion that is not necessary, it might lead
him to vote against the proposition of the com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I have no doubt about the
power of Congress to build a ship-canal around
the falls of Niagara. If I was acting upon my
own convictions, I have no doubt of the power
of the Government to build any necessary
works of this kind; but it is evident that that
is a disputed and mooted question in the Sen-
ate that will give, rise to long debates, and will
occupy much of the time ot the Senate; and
this provision was put in for the purpose ®f
avoiding that debate, for the purpose of getting
around that debate evidently, and therefore it
is idle for us to pass the bill——
Mr. SUMNER. It passed the House with-
out that provision.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know; but it is here in
the Senate, and we have got to act upon it.
I take it, therefore, that that is the sense of
the committee who reported this bill; and so it
is manifest that wo ought to wait until the con-
sent of the State shall first be had, and then
give our final sanction to the work afterward.
I do not wish to pass a bill of twenty-eight sec-
tions at the close of the session, after a long
debate, the entire validity of which depends
upon the action of a local Legislature.
Mr. SUMNER. I will ask the Senator if
we might not vote down the amendment of the
committee and take the bill as it came from the
House.
Mr. SHERMAN. That, is another question.
I think wo had belter postpone the bill irntil
next winter at unv rate. It is only a short time.
Mr. HOWE. Mr. President, 1 am very much
surprised to hear the motion submitted by the
Senator from Ohio. If the motion had been
made to postpone the bill indefinitely it would
not so much have surprised me. though such a
motion as that, would have surprised me, com-
ing from the Senator from Ohio. I assume
that there are some Senators on this floor who
are opposed to undertaking this work at all;
and for such a one to move to postpone it indef-
initely would be legitimate. 1 do not assume,
however, that the Senator from Ohio can be
opposed to undertaking this work. If it is to
be undertaken, it is to be undertaken either as
a woik which interests (lie Stale of Kew York
solely, or as a work which interests the people
of the United States. If it is a work which
interests the people of New York alone, then
the Senator from Ohio is entirely correct in
supposing that, we should say nothing until New
York has undertaken it ami asks our aid or en-
operation ; and if it interests New York alone,
when she does undertake it, and asks our aid
and cooperation, it is evident that we should
refuse that aid and cooperation. But if, on
the contrary, as I believe, it is a work which
interests the nation more than the State of New
York: which interests the nation almost to the,
exclusion of the State of New York ; which
interests the State of New York only as a part
of the nation, then it seems evident,to me lhat.
the. Legislature of the United States should
inaugurate the enterprise, and either prosecute
it, as the Senator says we have the power to do,
by our own authority and with our own means,
or in\il" to it the cooperation and the assent
of the State of New York.
Sir, wc are raising in the. States of the Noith-
west, nine hundred million bushels of grain that
we have got to sell somewhere; and in the
States lying cast of us there are a great many
people who do not raise their own grain, and
who want to purchase it. We are raising five
hundred million bushels of corn, a very large
portion of which our farmers are selling at
from three to ten cents a bushel, and it is be-
ing consumed in the eastern States at a cost of
not less than ninety cents a bushel. We are
feeling more and more every jear that we can-
not afford to go to such markets at that cost.
The project of building a canal around the falls
of Niagara i-> one of those enterprises which it
is supposed will very much diminish the ex-
pense of getting this produce to market. If it
will diminish materially the cost^oi getting the
grain and the other products ot the West, to
market, then it is a work which interests the
nation—not the State of New York, but the
whole country—ovenbody who laises or who
consumes those products. Whether it, will
diminish that expense or not, and if so, to
what extent it will diminish it J am not pre-
pared to state here. This bill is not, as it is
now presented to the Senate, framed upon the
supposition that wc do know definitely and con-
clusively about, that. This bill does not un-
dertake to build this canal merely as a public
work, but it proposes to aid piivate enterprise
in building it, and only aids private enterprise
which shall come forward in good faith and
first put in its own money to the amount of
$2,000,000 before the Government will advance
a cent. The committee went upoil the assump-
tion that private capital would not undertake
tlie work and put that amount of its own money
into it if it was not satisfied that it was an im-
portant work and a proper one.
Mr. GRIMES. How does the bill leave the
regulation of the tolls?
Mr. HOWE. It leaves the regulation of
tolls just as it is left in all other private enter-
prises, subject, to no other restrictions than
competing routes, with this additional provis-
ion, that if the company ever put tolls upon
the cariiage of produce or freight over this
work which are felt to be onerous or unrea-
sonable, the Government can take it from the
company, at its cost, with ten per cent, added.
As the bill came from the House, there were
other regulations upon the tolls. We thought,
inasmuch as wo required the company to put
in their own money first, in this enterprise, that
it was not fair to subject them to these additional
restrictions. Wc leave tliem to get the return for
their capital and get the return for the money
that we propose to loan them, jnst as other
companies get, the ret urns for their investments.
The House of Representatives have considered
this subject, and have deemed it. a very impor-
tant work. They have passed a bill and sent it
hero and asked our assent to it. The Commit-
tee on Commerce have considered the bill, and
ha\e reported it,back, with sundry amendments
thereto, and recommended its passage. Tt seems
to me it, is due liom the Senate to the great
interests which are involved in this measure to
consider it, and if they approve it, say so, and
if tliey do not anprove it, say that after they
have considered it, and not, before.
Mr. MORGAN. Will the Senator allow mo
to ask him one question?
Mr. HOWE. Certainly.
Mr. MORGAN. The .Senator from Wiscon-
sin has stated thatthe Committee on Commerce
have reported this bill back and recommended
its passage. 1 think he will recollect that the
report, of the committee was not in favor of
the bill, it, was simply reported for the con-
sideration of the Senate.
Mr. CHANDLER. 'An amendment was
made subsequently, and with that amendment
it received the amotion of a majority of the
committee.
Mr. MORGAN. The action of the commit-
tee was that the bill should be reported for the
consideration of the Senate. 1 think 1 am not
mistaken in that.
Mr. CHANDLER. The original bill was
rejected; but with that amendment at, the end
of the bill the Senator from Maine [Mr. Mou-
lin,f.| agi eed to report it.
Mr. MORGAN. The Senator from Maine
is not present, and therefore 1 cannot say as
to that; but, my understanding is that it was
reported for the consideration of the Senate,
without any recommendation.
Mr. HOWE. My recollection is different
from that of the Senator from New York. I
think this bill, as it stands, has the support of
a majority of the Committee on Commerce.
That'was my understanding of it, and I so re-
ported the bill; and I did not mean to misrep-
resent the committee. That, however, can bo
ascertained to a ceitaiufy.
Mr. President, it does not seem to me ad-
visable that the Senate should return to the
House of Representatives and to that largo
body of the country which is looking to us for
some help, for some effort in this direction, for
an answer, that they will not consider a prop-
osition of this kind; and therefore I am induced
to hope that the Senate will not postpone its
consideration until fbe next session. If wo
are going to inaugurate the thing at all, it is
evident we must lake precedence of the State
of New York, and the sooner we invite tlio
attention of New York to it the sooner New
York will act upon it. As to the question
whether we can build this canal without the
