1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
55
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Basis of Representation—Mr. Johnson.
Ho. of Reps.
Basis of Representation.
SPEECH OF HON. P. JOHNSON,
OF PENNSYLVANIA,
In the House op Representatives,
January 29, 188G,
On the proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, apportioning representation and
taxation.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. Speaker, ifthe masses
of the Republican party are half as anxious to
amend the Constitution as are their Represent-
atives here, or, in other words, if they really
believe that it needs half the amendment that
has been proposed by their Representatives
here, it would seem extremely difficult to recon-
cile that belief with the declarations so often
repeated during the war that the South had re-
belled against the best Government the world
ever saw or that was ever devised by the wit of
man.
If this multitude of propositions to amend
the Constitution are the legitimate fruits of the
nation's experience forMJiree quarters of a cen-
tury, and now come to us as the deliberate judg-
ment of the American people, made up in the
progress of nearly three generations, it yould
seem not at all strange that so largo a portion
of our cougtrymen at last rose in rebellion
against a Government so defective in all its
fundamental principles, and the great wonder
would seem to be that the men and the party
now proposing these amendments are the same
that so lately and so loudly claimed to be the
only true friends of the Constitution and the
Union. And if our experience and judgment
as a nation have not taught us that these amend-
ments are necessary to remedy existing evils I
think it will be found very difficult to reconcile
our proposed action herewith that sentiment of
profound wisdom expressed in the Declaration
of Independence, that
"Governments long established should not be
changed for slight and transient causes."
The most of these propositions, if not all of
them, emanate from the New England school
of politics, which embraces all the doctrines
of the now thoroughly abolitiouizcd Republican
party. Who can imagine the torture that these
people must have suffered for many, many long
years, galled as their necks must have all the
time been with the Government of the fathers
to them so unrepublican in form?
We begin now to understand why Massachu-
setts so "long ago proclaimed the doctrine of
State secession and threatened its exercise for
what they regarded as evils under our system of
government: and now we begin to understand
why in the late war with Old England, New
Englanders sent up rockets and blue lights to
apprise the enemy of an opportunity to capture
them. They were tired of our, to them, imper-
fect form of Government, and were ready to
cast it off for any other that might be thrown
upon them. We hear a great deal said of the
consummate folly, to use no harsher term, mani-
fested by the people of the South in going as
they did into rebellion against the vastly supe-
rior power of the North; but with these devel-
opments before us it is quite evident that their
supremest folly consisted in their taking the lead
in attempting to break up the Union. Had they
but waited until another presidential election
was over and the Republican party was hurled
from power, as it surely would have been, they
would have had the satisfaction of beholding
these malcontents turning their backs upon the
best Government the world ever saw, and then
the traitors and patriots would have stood during
the war as they stood before it, and in the re-
versed order in which they now stand.
Bat, sir, these propositions are not the sus-
-gestions of long experience, nor are they the
result of a nation's deliberation. They are the
contrivances of partisan politicians, who, find-
ing themselves in possession of political power
not honestly obtained from the people by an
open and candid declaration of principles, now
avowed, fear that unless they can so alter and
change our form of government under the pre-
text of amendment as to prevent it, the people
will rise against them ana hurl them to that ob-
livion so richly merited by any party that would
in this enlightened age undertake to steal into
power under false issues and hold it in defiance
of their will.
In the first instance we have a batch of amend-
ments, so called, which it is contended are ne-
cessary to make good the guarantee of the Con-
stitution to the several- States of governments
republican in form. Some propose to enforce
these provisions by constitutional amendment,
adopted by three fourths of the States, while
others propose to hold these States as Territo-
ries under military despots, and withhold from
their people all (he rights of self-government
until they will content to surrender a part of
them to a foreign race. This is making good
the guarantees of a republican form of govern-
ment with a vengeance.
Wo laugh at the story of an Irishman who
ran into the street brandishing his slnilalah and
declaring that he would have peace if he had to
fight for it, while we say to the people of the
several States South that unless they permit
negroes to vote their governments will not be
deemed republican in form, and we will hold
them under military subjection forever.
The people ot'the South seem to fail entirely
to appreciate that .high-toned republican and
liberal spirit which would dictate to them that
they must either surrender the principles of self-
government handed down to them by the fathers
to an ignorant and dependent race orsubm.'tto
the most despotic form of government known
to the world, military satraps, provost marshals,
alcaides, and viceroys, with swarms of office-
holders sent among them to eat out their sub-
stance and tax them without representation.
Betwixt these evils the people of the South seem
unwi. ,ing to choose.
The one proposition is to set up for- them a
race of false representatives and govern them
accordingly; the other is to limit the class_of
persons who shall be represented to the white
male adults, or voters, and this we are told is a
just measure of punishment to this rebellious
people for their political offenses. Formerly
there was great complaint by the opponents of
slavery against that clause of the Constitution
which permitted five slaves to be counted in the
basis of representation as equal to three free
persons, white or black, North or South.
Against this provision of the Constitution
there has been one continuous howl from the
now abolitionized Slates. They forgot that in
the formation of the Constitut ion the commerce
and traffic of the northern States forced a con-
tinuance of the African slave trade upon the
southern States until the year 1808, and that
to induce the South to submit to this trade they
gave them a slave representation in the Con-
gress : and now that slavery is abolished and
the three-fifihs clause necessarily falls with the
institution, it is proposed to take away from
the entire negro population, now all free alike,
all representation whatever, and thus deprive
them of a freeman's right before they can be
justly taxed.
It is true that the proposition is softened
somewhat by the clause which relieves^ that
class of population from being made a basis for
the apportionment of direct taxes. ri his will
make it more palatable to the white population,
inasmuch as it relieves them of the great bur-
den of that apportionment, as the Constitution
now provides. But even this will not relieve the
negroes from the payment of some portion of
those very direct taxes, and these are by no
means the only taxes that are levied in these
times of high 'tariffs, now upon imports, and
proposed to be extended to exports as well
as imports.
Let us look, then, to the operation of this
proposed amendment in the southern States.
We say to the present voters of the South, you
must allow your votes to be neutralized by the
negroes among you, or we will not allow those
negroes to be represented here. These man-
umitted slaves may grow cotton, and we will tax
their labor when they come to export its fruits,
and deny them all representation. Who does
this punish, or who become the sufferers under
the operation of this proposed alteration of the ■
Constitution ? Surely not the white population,
for they are created an aristocracy worse than
the old oligarchy of which we used to hoar so
much. They are the only persons to be repre-
sented, and while they represent themselves
they govern the opposite race as arbitrarily as
any despotism in the woild.
This cfl'ect in tlie North will be the same as
in the South except as to its extent. 1 am not
only the accredited Representative of the voters
and white population of my district, but I am
under the Constitution the Representative of the
interests of all other persons inhabiting the dis-
trict; the voters by their expressed wish and the
rest by the wish that is to be implied by know-
ing their interest. The lady friends of the gen-
tleman from New York, [Mr. Brooks,] com-
plain that they are taxed without being permitted
to represent themselves at (he ballot-box. But
what would they say if they were taxed and not
represented at all? It must be borne in mind
that persons can be represented without them-
selves being permitted to vote. 'The one is
being represented, the other is representing
one's self and others at the same time. Take
the case of two families owning propetly of
equal value; the one is composed of males and
females, young and old. while the othei is com-
posed of an equal number of persons, but all
voters. Both are taxed alike, because both are
represented alike by the law-making power.
Is this not the same kind of taxation and rep-
resentation for whieh'our fathers fought the war
of the Revolution'.' if the principle of repre-
sentation as a basis of taxation was worth the
long and fearful struggle of the Revolution,
ought we not to hold it us too dear to bo frit-
tered away in the manner proposed? There
seems to be an almost perfect oblivion among
the friends of these various measures as to
where the line should bo drawn between the
representatives and the represented^ Human
wisdom has never yet fixed upon arfy definite
line of demarkatiou. as is attested by the vari-
ous provisions in the constitutions of the sev-
eral States relating to this subject. A certain
class of persons must be set apart as the oper-
ators of the public will. All ai e passengers on
board the ship of state, but all are not officers
in command; yet all are protected by the llag
at the mast-head.
How many hundreds and thousands of our
constituents would like to be members of Con-
gress ; yet only one man out of the one hundred
and thirty thousand population apportioned to
a district can bold such office, and be is selected
by a majority, or it may be a mere plurality, of
twenty-live thousand voters. A faithful mem-
ber of Congress represents the whole popula-
tion of bis district, male and female, black and
white; audio represent them faLiifuHy he must
familiarize himself with all their varied inter-
ests and harmonize them as best he can with
the interests of the whole country by the cxer-
cise of a sound discretion and a patriotic will.
If he relies wholly upon the voters of his dis-
trict for the expressed wish ot his whole con-
stituency ho may err, but not unless the voters
are unfaithful representatives of the population
behind them. And this is not likely to happen,
because men's wishes, when intelligibly made,
are found to be with their interests. The vote
of the husband is supposed to represent the in-
terests of his wife, and so the lather those of
his children, and these aggregated make up the
public weal, commonwealth, or rcspn()lica; and
that/Government, which is founded and admin-
istered upon this principle is republican in
