THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
'•assent of New York, my opinions coincide
■nfith those of the Senator from Ohio ; but as
the bill stands here, recommended by the
Committee on Commerce, it does propose to
invite the assent of New York, and does not
propose to make it operative without the con-
sent of the State -of New York. But it is none
the !ess a measure of national cqncernment,
and being a measure of national concernment
if? is none the less proper that wc should act at
once if we are going" to act at all.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I have no
question myself that the Government may
build a ship-canal around the fails of Niagara
for the defense of the nation, without the
incorporation of a company for the purpose.
I have great doubts whether we have any right
to incorporate a company to do it. We have
an official organization by which we can build
forts and canals and everything else that is
necessary. I object to these partnerships with
State corporations. If we undertake to make
a corporation to build this work, I doubt the
propriety of it. I have no question that the
construction of a ship-canal around the falls
of Niagara would be of great advantage to the
defense of the lakes. I have no doubt that it
would' be of great advantage to the commerce
of" the lakes, and still more to the commerce
of New York. Any one by looking at the
map will see that Canada must command to a
greater or less extent the trade of the upper
lakes, unless we have a large ship-canal capa-
ble of carrying the whole produce of those
lakes to New York.
But, sir, I favor the postponement of this
bill. I do not think we are now in a situation
to commence this work. We feel in the West
that it is just as important in a national point
of view and just as important in a commercial
point of view that we should open the lakes to
the commerce of the southern portion of the
nation as it is that "we should open them to
New York. We do not think that now is the
time to commence such works, when we are
struggling to consolidate the existing debt, to
get it into a shape that the United States can
bear it with ease and comfort, and give confi-
dence to all the holders of the debt that we
will pay it, and until we have seen really what
that debt is. We do not know its amount,
and I would advise gentlemen not to begin this
system of expenditure until we know on what
ground we stand. My judgment is in favor of
this work ; but I shall vote for postponing the
bill, because I think we and the nation require
time to reflect, time to think upon the sub-
ject, and time to mature our judgments. I do
not intend to go into any further argument on
the subject.
Mr. McDOUGALL. Mr. President, I differ
with the Senator from Kentucky. This is
not a new question. It has been discussed for
twenty years withiu my personal knowledge.
It has been thought to be an enterprise that
could be made a success, and of vast impor-
tance to the entire country. If this were a new
question there would be some cause for its
postponement. I do not propose now to in-
dulge ill argument, but simply to say that this
subject has been considered at least lor twenty
years past within my personal knowledge.
Various plans have been suggested. Engineers
of the greatest eminence have undertaken to
examine into its feasibility, and they have
made their several reports. There have been
several plans suggested altogether feasible, ac-
cording to the understanding of, I think, com-
petent engineers. This bill permits the exact
manner of the communication to be left to the
judgment of those who undertake the enter-
prise, which I think is wise.
Now, as to the objection of going into these
things blindly, there is a little piece of history
that should be well known by every Senator.
After the Peninsular war, after Great Britain
had been engaged on the Continent, and after
the war of the French Revolution, she had
accumulated an immense debt. How did she
meet that debt? By immense enterprise, cast-
ing all her strength into the development of
wealth; and from her very necessities up sprang
the strength of Britain. That is recorded his-
tory. Now, to say that because we have a great
public debt we should not engage in great public
enterprises that are the foundation of wealth,
is false policy and against all the laws that are
known or have been taught from Aristotle down
to this day.
This measure has always been regarded as
an important one. Of the power of the Gov-
ernment in a matter national as this is I think
there is no question. The exercise of the power
for this particular purpose has been, in my
judgment, too long delayed, and I trust we
shall have action upon it now.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Cali-
fornia has very correctly remarked that this is
not a new measure. It has been the subject
of most anxious consideration among com-
mercial men for at least twenty-five years past,
and perhaps for a longer period. It was be-
fore the Thirty-Eighth Congress, and ever
since I have been here there has been more
or less discussion respecting a canal around
the falls of Niagara. At the long session of
the Thirty-Eighth Congress it was very fully
discussed and considered by one of the stand-
ing committees of this body, and, if I mistake
not, a bill for the purpose passed the House
of Representatives. It is undoubtedly an en-
terprise of very great importance, of great im-
portance both to the West and to the East,
aud one which I predict will ultimately be
accomplished; for it is impossible to conceive
that with the present limited facilities for the
transportation of the products of the great
West the country will generally be content
for any considerable period. Without going
into particulars, it is sufficient to say now that
the means of transportation of the agricultural
productions of the western States, and of the
northwestern States particularly, are by no
means adequate to meet the public wants.
I hope, sir, that this measure will not be
postponed, but that it will be taken up and
acted u]Don by the Senate at the present ses-
sion of Congress. For one, I am free to an-
nounce myself strongly and earnestly in favor
of this measure. It is a measure which we
need in the West as well as in the East, and I
know of no public work at present in contem-
plation which will ultimately be of more value
to the country and to the commerce and the
agriculture of every part of the country. I
hope that the measure will not be postponed,
but that we shall proceed to consider the bill
and pass it.
Mr. WADE. Mr. President, I cannot agree
with my colleague in postponing this measure.
I think, with the Senator from California and
other Senators, that it is not a new question.
It is one that has been before the public fey
several years, and every man of thought and
reflection undoubtedly lias made up his mind
with regard to its merits. It is one of those
measures so essential that in my judgment we
cannot be too early in commencing it. I know
that when any great measure is proposed to be
undertaken it is always approached with some
little hesitation; and the time seems never to
come when you are to commence. It took us
a great while before we could enter upon the
project of building the Pacific railroad. I
believe that it was up in Congress some eight
or ten years every session before we had the
courage to grapple with the question and enter
upon the commencement of the work. It ought
to have been commenced at least five years
before it was, and now be in the process of
completion; and it would have been if we had
not had this same hesitation that I see now to
commence this work. There was no reason
for it then. The great project of the Pacific
railroad was before us when we were almost
entirely free from debt, and then this great
nation, with no embarrassment at all upon it,
did not seem to have the courage to commence
it in season to have the fall advantage that they
would have got from it if they had commenced
it at an earlier period. I do not think wo got
,a great deal of additional information upon
that subject at the time we did commence it
over and above what we had at a much earlier
period.
It is so with this work. It is always said by
some that the time has not come to commence
such a measure. Sir, I think the time has
arrived. I have felt that it was a humiliation
to this great nation for several years past that
we paid toll to a foreign nation in navigating
the lakes; that we suffered Great Britain,
through her colonies, to institnte these meas-
ures, instead of making a thoroughfare through
our own country.
I do not believe that this measure will embar-
rass us in a financial point of view. I believe
it will be worth infinitely more than it will cost.
I believe, with the Senator from California, that
when a nation is oppressed with great debts it
is the last time in the world when it can lay
down and fold up its hands and do nothing.
Then Is the time for it to extricate itself by its
courage and by its perseverance in entering
upon great and profitable enterprises that every
man must admit will be of the greatest national
importance when they are completed. The cost
of making this great improvement'will not com-
pare with its advantages when made. The na-
tion can afford to embark in a measure that will
cost something to achieve, when we know that
the accomplishment will be infinitely more than -
the cost of doing it. The credit of the nation is
good ; the enterprise will be beneficial; and the
quicker we enter upon the project aud begin to
receive the profits of it the better. I am against
the postponement. I am ready to second the
motion of the House of Representatives, and
put the thing forward as soon as it can be done.
I hope we shall not postpone the bill, but shall
enter upon its consideration, perfect the pro-
ject, and put it through at this session.
Mr. CHANDLER. A majority of the Com-
mittee on Commerce were opposed to asserting
the right of this Government to act independ-
ent of the State authority, and the bill could
not be reported favorably, recommending its
passage, without the amendment to which the
Senator from Ohio objects. I object to that
amendment as much as he does, and so did a
large majority of the committee. I would much
prefer that the Senator should move to strike
out that objectionable proviso and take the
sense of the Senate upon that, rather than to
postpone the bill. I would prefer to pass the
bill as it is, rather than not pass it at all; but
I should be very glad—I will not make the
motion myself—if the Senator from dhio would
make a motion that that proviso Ire stricken
out. I do not believe that any State can raise
a barrier against the commerce of other States.
I do not believe it is in the power of any State
to raise an obstacle between the different States
of this Union. I believe the Government pos-
sesses the power to regulate commerce as it
sees fit between the several States; and I do
not believe that the State of New Jersey or the
State of New York or any other State can raise
an obstacle that shall interfere with the com-
mercial relations between the other States of
this Union. I believe it is as much in the power
of this Government to build a canal around the
falls of Niagara as it is to establish a post route
from the city of Washington to the city of Rich-
mond, or from the city of Washington to the
city of New Yoik, I believe we possess the
requisite authority for the purpose under the
war power as well as under the power to regu-
late commerce. As I stated before, a major-
ity of the Committee on Commerce are against
the assertion of that power, but I should be
glad to take the sense of the Senate upon that
point, and I should be glad to take it here. It
is well known to the members of the Senate
who have been here for the past four years that
I have been striving for four years to get that
power asserted. I should be glad to have it
asserted, and I shall strive, while I have the
hpnor of a seat in the Senate, to secure the
assertion, either upon this or upon some other
bill, of the right and power of Congress to build
a railroad wherever it, sees fit, without the
sanction of the State, where it becomes neees-
