fffl CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
! By iU'r. PRICE: A memorial of the Legislature of
the State' of Iowa, asking for the establishment of
certain in a: f routes in said State.
Ev Mr. KICE, of Massachusetts: The memorial of
A. Richardson, and others, of Massachusetts, for
adjustment of the duty on barley from the British
Provinces.
By Mr. SCBENCK: The petition of P. O'Connell
foreompcnsation for the use by the Government of
pontoons of his invention.
NOTICE OB A BILL.
The^ following notice for leave to introduce a bill
Was given under the rule:
By 'Mr. JULIAN : A bill to equalize, the bounties
of spldiers and sailors who served the United States
during th-c late rebellion.
'• IN SENATE.
Wedwesiut, March 21, 1866.
Prayer by tlie Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday wars • read and
approved.
petitions and memorials.
Mr. RAMSEY presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of the es-
tablishment of a mail route from Sauk Center,
in the county of Stearns, in Minnesota, to Ford
Wadsworth, in Dakota Territory; which was
referred to the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Roadg.
He also presented a memorial of the same
Legislature, in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Little Falls, Morrison county,
to Alexandria, Douglas county, in Minnesota;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post Roads:
He also presented a memorial of the same
Legislature, in favor of the establishment of a
military post at or near Vermillion Lake, St.
Louis county, Minnesota; which was referred
to tho Committee on Military Affairs and the
Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the same
Legislature^ in favor of making Du Luth, on
Lake Superior, a port of entry; which was
referred to the Committee 011 Commerce.
lie also presented a memorial of the same
Legislature, in favor of an appropriation for the
building of piers and the improvement of har-
bors on Lake Superior; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNLR. I offer a petition from citi-
zens °f Virginia, chiefly colored citizens, in
■which they represent themselves as delegated
and deputed by a very large and respectable
meeting of the citizens of Norfolk and Elizabeth
counties, Virginia, in mass meeting assembled,
to petition Congress. They ask Congress most
earnestly to adopt such legislation as will secure
to the lately rebellious States a republican form
of government, and the consequent protection
to the colored citizens of Virginia and other re-
bellious States of life, liberty, and property, and
granting to the colored citizens of those States
the right to testify in the courts and an equality
ot sutlragc the same as white citizens. They also
protest against any recognition of what is known
as the Pen-point government. I ask the refer-
ence of this petition to the committee of fifteen
rl ho motion was agreed to.
Mr.' SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Pennsylvania, praying for the adoption
of such an amendment to the Constitution as
wilNoieverpreventany State from making any
distinction m civil rights and privileges on ac-
count of race, color, or descent; which was re-
ferred to thejoint committee on reconstruction,
Mr. MORGAN presented the petition of
James W. Cairns, George D. Phelps, jr., and
others, citizens of New York, praying that in
the Army bill, now pending in Congress, it
shall be provided that the cavalry force shall
equal one third of the whole authorized increase;
which was referred to the Committee on Mili-
tary Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, presented the peti-
tion of John H. Farquar, praying that a pen-
sion may be granted to Martha Stevens; widow
of the late John F. Stevens, of Greensburg,
Indiana, who was killed while in the discharge
ot his duty as a provost marshal executing the
earoumentact^ which was referred to the Com-
mittee on Pensions,
Mr. HARRIS presented a memorial of brew-
ers of the State of New York, praying for a re-
duction^ of the duty on barley imported from
the British Provinces of North America, so that
it shall not exceed five cents per bushel; which
was referred to the Committee on Finance.
_ Mr. FESSENDEN presented a petition of
citizens of New York, praying for a reduction
of the internal revenue tax on dress-makers;
which was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the petition of
Ethan A. Jenks, late captain and brevet major
seventh regiment Rhode Island volunteers,
praying for pay and allowances from May 4
to September 9,18G3, while under sentence of
dismissal from the United States service, to
which he was reinstated ; which was referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. NORTON presented a memorial of the
Legislature of Minnesota, in favor of a grant
of lands to, aid in the construction of the Hast-
ings, Minnesota River, and Red River of the
North railroad ; which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Public Lands.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of tho establish-
ment of a mail route from St. Peter to New
Auburn, in that State; which was referred to
the Committee on Post Offices and Post Roads.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of the State of Minnesota, in favor of
reimbursing soldiers for the loss of moneys
taken by the rebels in the late war ; which was
referred to the Committee on Military Affairs
and the Militia.
He also presented a memorial of the Legis-
lature of Minnesota, in favor of granting full
bounty to soldiers who enlisted for one year,
who were discharged after serving ten months
or more; which was referred to the Committee
on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. COWAN presented five petitions of
mechanics and laborersin American manufac-
turing establishments, praying for such an
amendment of the tariff as to protect tlieir
labor to the extent of the difference of the cost
of capital and labor here and abroad; which
were referred to the Committee on Finance.
He also presented a petition of United States
assistant assessors of the eleventh district of
Pennsylvania, praying for an increase of pay:
winch was referred to the Committee on Fi-
nance.
^ Mr. COWAN. I rise to a privileged ques-
tion, which has relation to the records of the
Senate. I ask that tho Secretary may read the
petition that I send to the desk.
^ Ihe^PHESIDENT? pro tempore. The peti
tion will be road, if there be no objection.
The Secretary read it, as follows :
To the nonorabhthu Senate of the United States in Con-
grcsft assembled.-
♦W Lu:nTI?rS;,fn1CofLb¥s most respectfully to represent
that on July 21,1862, he was appointed military store-
keeper, quartermaster's department, United States
M-n?: T?d "°m"Jafed by his Excellency the President
or tile united fetates, as military storekeeper, quar-
«.s de,fa,rtm™t. United States Army, and that
e close of the session of Congress in 18B3,
&s"°™;naiViT1 was,taJren UP °n motion of Hon. Henry
Wilson, of Massachusetts, m executive session and
SnVM&teCn /iv?rabl5' reported by the Committee
on Military Aflairs, waa confirmed, and that it a -
£?ntrt'-,^virpr0r'-1 * no,notice of confirmation was
^ent to the Pi csident, and that m consequence he has
been deprived of his commission; and further, that
n*. has made every proper effort known to him to ob-
tain learess without success; and now, lie desires an
opportunity to substantiate the above statement be-
1"us^noud k°<iy by competent witnesses:
ana lurtner, your petitioner makes the allegation
against a certain Calhoun M. Derringer, of Philadel-
phia, that at an official interview between H. S. 01-
eott, special commissioner War Department, and the
^aid Calhoun M. Derringer, ho (Derringer) admitted
to mm that, beingdesirous to defeat the commission-
ing ol your petitioneras military storekeeper, United
bcates Army, he had succeeded in having vour pe-
titioner s name removed from the books of the Sen-
ate alter your petitioner's appointment was confirmed
m executive session ; ail ot which can be substanti-
5w„ J £ i s oertlfi?i>te- dated Philadelphia,
3and y°ur .petitioner most respectfully
prays that the case may bo investigated and such ac-
tion taken as may to your honorable body seem ne-
cessary to secure justice and tho best interests of the
public service, and your petitioner will ever crav
GEORGE W. MARTIN.
Philadelphia, March 14, 1886.
Mr. COWAN. I now* aslt that tie letter
signed by Mr. Oleott may be read.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It will be
read if there be no objection.
The Secretary read, as follows:
Philadelphia, August 3,186S.
This is to certify that at an official interview be-
tween myself as special commissioner of the War
Department, and Calhoun M. Derringer, he admitted
to me that, being desirous to defeat the commission-
ing of Captain George W. Martin as military store-
keeper United States Army, he had succeeded in
having his (Martin's) name removed from the books
of the Senate after, as X understood him, the said
Martin's appointment was confirmed in execntivo
session. The reason alleged for the act was that he
considered Captain Martin not a good man.
„ • , „ . H- s- OLCOTT,
special Commissioner War Department, &c.
Mr. COWAN. I now move that tlyise
papers be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. 00 WAN. I also ask that an additional
order be made that the committee have power
to send for persons and papers in this Case.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. WADE._ The Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia, to whom was referred Senate
bill No. 184, to define more clearly the juris-
diction and powers of the supreme court of the
District of Columbia, have had it under con-
sideration, and directed me to report it back
with several amendments.
The same committee, to whom was referred
a resolution instructing them to inquire into the
expediency of increasing the salaries of tho
judges of the supreme court of the District of
Columbia, have had the subject under consid-
eration, and, having made provision on that
point in an amendment to the bill that I have
just reported, they ask to be discharged from
further consideration of the subject.
The report was agreed to.
Mr.^ STEWART, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
185) amendatory of an act to provide for the
reports of the decisions of the Supreme Court
of the United States, reported-it with an amend-
ment.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, from the Committee
on Pensions, to whom was referred a joint res-
olution (S. R. No. 48) removing restrictions
upon the payment of pensions to certain per-
sons while in the service of the United States,
reported adversely thereon.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 216) for the
relief of Cordelia Murray, reported it without
amendment.
He also, from the same committee, to whom
was referred a bill (H. R. No. 268) for the
relief of Albert Nevins, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. CONNESS, from the Committee on
Post Offices and Post Roads, to whom was re-
ferred the memorial of Wellington & Dorsey,
submitted a report accompanied by a bill (S.
2vo. 210) for the relief of Wellington & Dor-
sey. The bill was read and passed to a sec-
ond reading, and the report was ordered to bo
printed.
Mi\ TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
112) authorizing documentary evidence of title
to be iurmshed to the owners of certain lands
m the county of St. Louis, in the State of Mis-
souri, iiave^ directed me to report it back and
ask to be discharged from its further consider-
ation, and that it be referred to the Committee
oil 1 nvate Land Claims which has more prop-
erly jurisdiction of the subject.
Tho report was agreed to.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred a bill (S. No.
13) concerning appeals, writs of error, and in-
junctions, and a bill (S. No. 182) to enlarge
the northern judicial district of California, and -
for other purposes, reported in favor of their
indefinite postponement; and the report was
agreed to.
