2496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Where fheir ablest men were selected to come
here—for what? To do as the President tells
you, so help you God? No, sir ; I never took
any sueli oath, and do not intend to do so; but
to come here and frame such laws as the inter-
ests of the hour demand.
Now, suppose this question before it had been
agitated here at all had been put to the plain,
simple people who sent us here, and the ques-
tion had ljpen asked of them, where is the
power that is to rebuild these waste places and
heal these breaches that have been made? In
their simplicity they would have answered,
"The power lies in the law-making authority,
in the Congress of the United States." They
have no more respect for a President's policy
than they have for the Senator from Wiscon-
sin's policy—both ardent, both devoted, both
faithful. The Senator has declared his policy.
His people reject it All I ever want, in order
to find out what the judgment of the people is
upon any question, is to get a dozen men to-
gether in a neighborhood and talk to them, and
they will tell you what the judgment of the
whole community is. There were more than
a hundred men congregated in the Legislature
of Wisconsin, and their deliberate judgment is,
by a resolution that they passed, that the Sen-
ator does not represent the wishes of the people
of that State. If that be true of the Senator
from Wisconsin, it is certainly true asit regards
the policy of the President of the United States,
for their policy is identical. Be it true or false,
I think there is a propriety in consulting this
body in regard to this great question.
Sir, there is scarcely a man within this circle
but wears the outward badge of mourning for
victims immolated upon the altar of this ac-
cursed rebellion ; and the signs of outward woe
are but a faint representation of the more inde-
scribable and heartfelt sorrow within. It seems
to me that the signs of the times and the exi-
gencies demand that no man should rear a
policy not subject to amendment, not subject to
consultation with others, and make it like the
bod of Procrustes, of a certain length and cer-
tain width, upon which all must lie, or fall under
the ban of executive power. I do not know
how others may feel, but I should not dare to
go back to my mountain people and tell them
I had been mute here when I saw such an
attempt made.
Sir, neither the Senator from Wisconsin, nor
the Senator from Pennsylvania, nor any man
with brains, has a right to complain of the tar-
diness of Congress. Rebellion in its worst and
most aggravated form has shaken the very pil-
lars of our institutions to their base. I tell the
Senator from Wisconsin now, and he will find
it to be the truth, that the frosts of ten more
winters will gather upon his brow ere this chasm
is healed and perfected and closed. "Take
back the States." Certainly we will. When?
Just as soon as it is safe to take them back.
Docs the Senator from Wisconsin, the advo-
cate of the policy of the lamented Lincoln,
mean to loll us that his policy was to take back
unwashed, red-handed rebels into the power
of this Government'!' He shakes his head. He
dare not say it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to the hon-
orable Senator that neither Mr. Lincoln nor
Mr. Johnson—
Mr. NYE. Do not be too fast. I would
have excused you if you said no. I will come
right along to Mr. Johnson in a moment.
. Mr. DOOLITTLE. I desire to say in rela-
tion to that point, if the Senator does not wish
to misrepresent me, as the charge has been
made again and again that I am for the admis-
sion of rebels, that it is not so. All I claim is
that the loyal representatives from these States
shall be admitted.
Mr. NYE. Sir, who are rebels?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Isaythemenwhocome
here who are loyal, who can take the oath
prescribed by law, should be admitted.
Mr. i K. \\ ill the Senator from Wiscon-
sin answer me one question: who are rebels?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator desires
nil answer I will give it.
Mr. NYE. Yes, sir, I do.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Rebels, as a matter of
course, are those who have adhered to this
rebellion against the Government of the United
States.
Mr. NYE. I thank the Senator for his
definition. Then they are all rebels. That is
just what I was going to assert, and it will have
a double force indorsed as its now is. They
being rebels, give me the evidence of their
repentance. What is that evidence? Not a
paper comes from the South, and not one of these
pilgrims here who are seeking to get the evi-
dence in their pockets to enable them to enroll
their names upon the muster-roll of American
infamy, but is as loud-mouthed as the Senator
from Wisconsin in denouncing the action of
Congress. They do not return as the prodigal
son returned, and say to this nation, "I have
sinned against thee and in thy sight, and am no
more worthy to be called thy son; let me be
as one of thy servants." They come up here
in the same spirit that they left. They demand
that the doors of the Senate of the United
States shall be thrown open to them, and the
seats newly cushioned, as a reward for their
infamy, their treachery, and their indescrib-
able cruelty.
Sir, I am not to be driven from the honest
discharge of my duty here by an appeal to any
man's policy. My people commissioned me to
come here to guard against a repetition of this
wicked rebellion, and though the moon may
twelve times fill her liorn before it can be done,
yet faithfully will I sit here and guard the very
portals of the temple against the admission of
men who ouly await another opportunity, by
adopting another set of tactics, to hurl this,
temple of liberty and freedom down. Sir, it is
little more than a year since L%e's army sur-
rendered. If I had been going to adopt a policy,
I would have hung some rebels first before I
granted one pardon. Would not you? [To Mr.
Doolittle.] Upon that point, and to show ex-
actly what the now President of the United States
thought of the Baltimore platform andits duties,
I desire to read an extract from the speech that
ho made at Nashville accepting that nomina-
tion. After the eulogy that the distinguished
Senator passed upon the talent and honesty of
the President, I trust he will not undertake to
say now that the President did not understand
that platform as well as he does. He said:
"And let me say that now is the time to secure these
fundamental principles while the land is rent with
anarchy and upheaves with the throes of a niip-hty
revolution. While society is in this disordered state
and we are seeking security, let us fix the foundation
of the Government on principles of eternal j ustice
which will endure for all time."
I join the distinguished President in that
sentiment; and that is the labor of this Con-
gress, to fix these principles upon a basis of
eternal justice that shall abide for all time.
Does the distinguished Senator from Wiscon-
sin mean to assert here that the principles of
eternal justice would be subserved by per-
mitting the men whose hands are red with
the destruction of this Government to come
back here to legislate ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Certainly not. I have
said a hundred times over that only loyal men
should be admitted.
Mr. NY'E. I am very happy to hear that
the Senator agrees with me, and if he will
keep agreeing with me I will get him right
after awhile.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will say to my hon-
orable friend that as far as Mr. Johnson has
spoken, to my knowledge, he has never inti-
mated that one of these rebels should be ad-
mitted here. The charge is unfounded.
Mr. NYE. I am happy, then,to agree with
the President of the United States and his dis-
tinguished iudorser. Hearken a little further.
Again he says:
" But in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it? Shall the man
who gave his influence and his means to destroy the
Government? 1s he to participate in the great work
of reorganization?"
Right there I want to call the attention of
the Senator from Wisconsin to the attitude of
things now. I assert that none others have
attempted to form a State government except
the men who come within this description, who,
the President says, should not share in it.
That being the case, what does he mean when
he talks to us about passing laws here for States
that are without representation when they are
taxed? Does the Senator mean that in order
to impose taxation upon these rebels they must
necessarily have rebel representatives here ?
Who ever heard of a criminal sitting on his own
jury ? These men have been engaged with the
strong hand of arms in tearing down this tem-
ple of freedom and of liberty, and who ever
heard of rebels being consulted about the way
the temple should be built up that they had
attempted to destroy ? Sir, the whole thing is
in such confusion that I can see through it. I
agree with the President that none of these
men should be here; but who come here ?
Mr. CONNESS. Worse than that; who
send them here ?
Mr. NYE. Who come here? I am some-
thing of a Yankee myself, and you judge the
package by the sample article outside ; and as
a sample of one of these reconstructed States
comes this lean, lank, cadaverous Cassius-Iook-
ing Stephens, [laughter,] who has got treason
in every lincamentof his face, and never laughs.
Who sent him? Loyal men, do you think? Was
he, the second in command of this most wicked
rebellion, sent here by loyal men ? Sir,
" Can such things be,
And overcome us like a summer's cloud.
Without our special wonder 1"
0 consistency, what a jewel! Alexander H.
Stephens as a sample article for loyalty ! He
believes, as he swears now, in that mother and
parent of secession, the doctrine that my friend
has become the distinguished champion of—
State rights. I had hoped that that ghost had
disappeared with the rebellion. He swears that
he believed, and his people believed, and believe
now, in the right of the States to secede; and
yet the distinguished Senator from Wisconsin
comes here and tells us that they accept the
issue, and reads a letter from Tarbell, whom I
have known longer than he has, from Smith-
field, Chenango county, and whose judgment
is not worth as much as the Senator's. Tarbell
against Stephens I Tarbell must go down, of
course, for Stephens is the honored represent-
ative of a loyal State I
But again, sir, treason is odious and must
be punished. Will the Senator from Wiscon-
sin tell me how he proposes to punish it?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will, if the Senator
will allow me to answer.
Mr. NY'E. Certainly.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Sir, six months ago I
introduced a bill, which I had hoped long ere
this would have been a law, providing for the
obtaining of juries in criminal cases in United
States courts, which was referred to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary, and has been reported
by them, but has not been acted upon—a bill
which provides that when jurors are summoned
by the courts they shall not be declared incom-
petent by reason of opinions formed upon his-
tory or newspaper reports. I will state to the
Senator another thing on that point. The
Supreme Court holds that a civilian or a man
not in the Army cannot be tried by a military
commission.
Mr. HOWARD. I do not understand the
decision to go so far.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The decision goes to
just that length. We have got to try them in
court and by a jury; and so far as the Presi-
dent is concerned, the published documents
which we have seen show that he has made
an effort to have a court hold where Davis
could be tried for treason.
Mr. NYE. That answers the question; and
the bill that the Senator introduced was in fact
supplemental to aid in their being acquitted if
they were tried. I read that bill with some
care. Will you go down to Virginia and find
twelve men who clid not sympathize with this
rebellion, and who would take the oath and
say they were not prejudiced by these news-
