1866.
tfHE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2497
paper opinions? Not at all. Their minds are
made up that no crime has been committed.
Sir, somebody has been at fault; treason has
not been made odious: or we must acknowl-
edge the infirmity of our Constitution and laws
to punish treason. There is not a hamlet in
the State of the Senator but what demands that
treason shall be made odious.
But, sir, the delay in passing the bill of the
Senator from Wisconsin has about done away
with the necessity for its application, because
they are almost all pardoned, and those who
are not are being pardoned every day. The
men who have saved their twenty thousand
dollars out of the general wreck, and given the
balance of thoir fortune to tear down this
Republic arc, as we learn from every day's
report, and in every newspaper, receiving
executive pardons. The clerk told me the
other day there were three hundred thousand
applications for pardons, and if you take three
hundred thousand of these twenty thousand
dollar men that arc left, you need not trouble
yourselves much about the balance.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I will ask the Senator
how many, in his judgment, ought to be tried
and executed.
Mr. NYE. I shall be entirely satisfied, under
the present circumstances, if you try one.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Then let us pass that
bill, so thai we can have a jury, and no diffi-
culty in trying a man in any State.
Mr. NYE. Does the Senator from Wisconsin
mean to stand hero and say that it needs the
passage of a bill or any new law to convict a
rebel that has declared himself one in this coun-
try—an ex post facto law, that the gentleman or
his coadjutor has talked so wisely about to-day ?
Mr. DOOLITTLE. If the Senator will allow
me on that point, this bill is simply in relation
to the qualification of jurors; it is not an ex post
facto law, and not liable to any objection of
that sort.
Mr. NYE. And I repeat, it is a bill to aid
in their acquittal.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That is not true.
Mr. NYE. I say in its effect. I do not say
you intend it, by any means.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. It has no such effect,
either. If the Senate and House of Represent-
atives will pass it, there will be an opportunity
to see whether a man can be tried.
Mr. NYE. There is where the Senator from
Wisconsin-
Mr. DOOLITTLE. These charges 
Mr. NYE. I believe I have the floor.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. I do not wish to inter-
rupt the Senator, but this conversation seems
to be going around.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I call the Senator to
order. -t
Mr. NYE. I have a right to say that in my
judgment that bill, if it should pass, while I
charge no such intention upon its author, would
be a bill that ought to be entitled "A bill sup-
flemental to aid in the acquittal of traitors."
assert a thing that cannot begainsaid. There
has not been any efficient effort to make trea-
son odious. Has there? Where is G. C. Clay
to-day—a man who was charged, and it was
reported upon proof ample to hold him, as a
pariiceps criminis in the assassination of Lin-
coln—a name that I need only mention when
an army of associations cluster around him that
I cannot describe. Where is Clay ? Paroled ;
which means discharged. Where is Davis?
Pro forma, in prison; visited by the officers of
this Government; with family associations all
clustering around him ; and let me inform the
Senator from Wisconsin, he, too, wdl be paroled
before he is tried. Where is the attempt at the
fulfillment of that guarantee that treason should
be made odious ?
Mr. President, I do not want blood; I am a
man of peace; and I believe I have as much
of the welling up of humanity in me as the dis-
tinguished Senator from Wisconsin. I never
Saw a man in trouble but I sympathized with
him. But, sir, above all these sympathies here
is reared a st&ndard of eternal justice. I called
upon the President this morning, with a friend
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 157.
from central New York, to ask him to pardon
a man who had served out a part of his time
for passing two fifty-cent counterfeit currency
pieces. He was not pardoned when I left.
Whether he will be or not I do not know. But
where is the justice of that Government,where
slumbers its sense of justice, that would incar-
cerate a poor man for passing one dollar's worth
of its coin that is counterfeit, and sets these men
whose skirts drip with loyal Wood at large?
Away with such an administration of justice !
It is an outrage upon the sacred name of justice.
Sir, treason has not been made odious, nor
will it be. Is treason made odious when right
under the very guns of our Army, in a captured
city, the city of Mobile, toasts are drunk to the
pirate Semmes—let it not be said that I call
him a hard name ; it is the name designated by
the law; the name written in heaven and on
earth—and the President of the United States
in the same sentence or at the same sitting?
There is not a traitor on the face of the earth
but would court such odium as that.
But let mo call the attention of the Senate
to another thing. In this eiiy to-day walk men
who have trod the fiery furnace of affliction as
Union men from 1861 until the rebels laid down
their arms at Richmond. They are starving,
begging for employment, while men who were
baptized early into this rebellion and who have
been engaged in it throughout are holding of-
fices of power and emolument in this country.
We are told that Union men cannot be found
to fill them. Let me tell the Senator from Wis-
consin and those who say that, I can find you
one hundred thousand maimed soldiers of this
Republic who will go there and fill those offices
with honor to themselves and fidelity to the
Government. Why look for jewels in a toad's
head ? Why look for men fit to hold offices
among those who are yet reeking in the very
smoke of the rebellion, and whose only regret
is that they failed in the attempt? That is not
making treason odious. That kind of odium
breaks down the amenities of society and makes
Union men seek shelter in the caves and the
recesses of the mountains.
My distinguished friend from Wisconsin has
pointed forward to tho day when he shall meet
his people in judgment on this question, boast-
ing in his own strength. Let mo tell the Sen-
ator that there is a more potent power than the
human voice, a more pungent teacher than
stump speakers; and it is the irresistible and
resistless power of truth. It finds a lodgment
in every hamlet, around every hearth-stone, and
in every heart. Let no man hereafter presume
to trifle with the just demands of the American
people. They bring judgment to the question.
They are hewing their way through tho diffi-
culties that surround us, and the men who do
not hew with them, they will hew down.
Sir, we have been educated in the deepest
and bloodiest calamity. Every hearth-stone
has a tongue, more eloquent than senatorial
tongue, that tells a story of the outrages and
the wrongs of this rebellion. Everywhere the
people cry out against the " deep damnation
of the taking off" of the imfnortal Lincoln.
Everywhere they demand that their servants
shall step to the music of the necessity of the
hour. He that falls back will be a straggler
and lost. Sir, the party is not behind; the
Union party is going to meet it; it is the party
that is m the advance.
My distinguished friend from Delaware the
other day said he' rejoiced the time had come
when the Democratic party could hang out their
banners upon the outer wall. That is what
ails you. x ou hang them out, and the people
look fo# the old stars and Stripes and do not
see them. They see too many stars and bars.
Keep your banners in if you want to win, for
the moment you hang them out upon the outer
wall, it is an advertisement to ths world that
there is danger of the devil's return to rule
[Laughter.] Keep your banners in.
Mr. SUMNER. If the Senator will give'
way, I move that the Senate do now adjou-m.
Mr. SHERMAN. Upon, that I should like
to have a division of the Senate.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator from
Nevada, has not closed, I understand.
Mr. SHERMAN. But I desire to know
whether the Senate wish to continue this
debate.
Several Senators. It is half past five o'clock.
Mr. SHERMAN. I know it is time to ad-
journ, but I wish to know whether the Senate
desire to continue this debate.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Pomeroy
in the chair.) The Senator from Massachusetts
moves that the Senate do now adjourn.
Mr. SHERMAN. As I see my friends are
in favor of continuing this debate, I shall not
persist in opposition.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate
adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
Wednesday, Man 0> 1806.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Professor B. N. Martin, of New York.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
GRADE 0? VICE ADMIRAL.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. Yesterday
morning I asked tho unanimous conscnt of the
House to introduce a bill to amend an act to
establish the grade of vice admiral in the Uni-
ted States Navy.
The object of the bill is to give lo Vice Ad-
miral Farragut a secretary. 1 wish to say now
to the House that this eminent and conspicu-
ous officer of the Navy has no assistance what-
ever in the discharge of his duties. The law
allows him no staff, and all the burdens inci-
dent to his position are cast upon him individ-
ually. And although still in the vigor of health,
his eye-sight has become very much impaired
by the service through which he has passed,
and as his correspondence'devolves entirely
upon himself, it is absolutely necessary that he
should have this "assistance. I am certain that
no gentleman will object to it. The gentleman
from Illinois [Mr. Ross] objected to the bill
yesteiday under a misapprehension of its object,
and lie has consented to withdraw his objec-
tion. I ask unanimous consent to introduce
the Ml. _
No objection was made, and the bill was
received and read a first and second time.
The bill proposes to allow Vice Admiral
Farragut a secretary with the rank and sea pay
and allowances of a lieutenant of the Navy.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it. was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts, moved to re-
consider the vote by which the bill was passed;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion*was agreed to.
PASSPORTS.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, by unanimous con-
sent, from the Committee on the Judiciary,
reported a bill to repeal section twenty-three
of chapter seventy-nme of the act of the third
session of the Thirty-Seventh Congress relat-
ing to passports; which was read a first and
second time.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. In relation to this
subject I have received the following note frotia
the Secretary of State:
Department op State,
Washington, April 25,1866.
Sir: Ibegleaveto call your attention to an act third
session Thirty-Seventh Congress, chapter seventy-
nine, approved March 8,1863, relative to the granting
of passports " to any class of pei'sons liable to military
duty in the United States." As it was strictly a war
measure, and the cause for which it was enacted ha
ceased to exist, I would suggest that it bo repealed.
X am, sir, your obedient servant, _
"WILLIAM H. SEWARD.
Hon. James F. WrLSOH, Chairman Judiciary Cam-
mittee, House of Representatives.
The section which it is proposed to repeal is
as follows:
"Seo.23. Andbe it further enacted. That so much of
the act approved the 18th of August, 1856, entitled,
'An act to repralate the diplomatic and consular'
system of the united States,' as prohibits the grant-
