1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8457
sary for us to go in our commercial relations
or under the war power.
Mr. GRIMES. Being a representative in
part of one of the States supposed to have a
peculiar interest in the provisions of this bill,
I desire to state briefly to the Senate the rea-
sons which will control my vote. I would
prefer very much that the Senator from Ohio
should substitute a motion to recommit this
bill to the Committee on Commerce for the I
motion which he has made to postpone it until
the next session of Congress.
Mr. SHERMAN. You can move to recom-
mit; and that, I think,'will take precedence.
Mr. Gill MES. if so. i make that motion.
I agree fully with the Senators who have pre-
ceded me in (he opinion that Congress has the
power of itself for defensive purposes to build
a canal around the falls of Niagara, and I am
in favor of the construction of such a canal.
I entertain very great doubts whether we have
the power to create a corporation and endow
thein with the authority for commercial pur-
poses to go within the jurisdiction of the State
of New York and construct a canal; but whether
we have that power or not, believing that we
can do the work ourselves and control it for
ourselves and as we see fit, I am wholly un-
willing to agree that Congress shall devolve
this power on a private corporation, authorize
them to go within the State of New York to
construct a canal, and when it is constructed
to enjoy the benefits of all the immense water
power that will be created, and establish just
such tolls as they may see fit for the transpor-
tation of agricultural and mechanical produc-
tions through that canal. This is the great
objection that I have to the bill. If we have
the power let us do it ourselves. Why do we
want the interposition of a company?
Mr. President, I do not profess to be very
familiar with the provisions of this bill; but it
strikes my mind that this is one of the grand-
est privileges, and will result in being one
of the most tremendous monopolies that ever
was devised on this continent. We bestow
upon this corporation the eminent domain that
belongs to the State of New York, authorising
them to go into that State and consliuct a
canal. We give to them all of the immense
water power that will^ be secured by the con-
struction of the canal—enough to make a dozen
Lowells and Lawrences, and enough, in my
opinion, to authorize any respectable company
with capital to build the canal without the aid
of the General Government in the way of money
or of bonds. Then we authorize the company
to fix as tolls upon the transportation of onr
agricultural products just, such sums as they
choose to fix. I am not disposed to put the
agricultural interests of my section of the coun-
try into the keeping of any such corporation
as is proposed to be created by this bill. And
after this is done, according to the statement
of the Senator from Wisconsin, as I understand
it, if the company discover that their work is not
going to be as advantageous to the stockholders
as they think it should be, and after they shall
have arranged their accounts, " watered'' their
stock, perhaps, to suit them, then they can sell
the work to the Government, if they will only
be so unconscientious as to raise the tolls so as
to make it in the view of Congress or the pub-
lic extortionate if they should charge as much
as they fix.
As I said before, no man is more anxious to
have proper channels of communication be-
tween the Northwest and the Atlantic and the
Gulf of Mexico than I am. I have no doubt
as to the constitutional power of Congress to
make those channels of communication. I am
as anxious as anybody else is that Congress
shall do it. If the Committee on Commerce
will report to the Senate a bill providing that
appropriations shall be made and expended
under our Engineer corps, who are created
and maintained for just such purposes, to con-
struct such a line of communication between
Lake Erie and Lake Ontario, I will vote for it.
I will go further, and will vote for a bill carry-
ing this canal forward, for it will not be a very
39th Cono. 1st Sess.—No. 211T.
great advantage to our section of country to
go down from Lake Erie into Lake Ontario,
unless wo can "get beyond Lake Ontario. I
will therefore go with the Committee on Com-
merce or any gentlemen who are in favor of
continuing the construction of a ship-canal
beyond Lake Ontario. But I do not want to
put the public Treasury into the hands of a
private corporation for the purpose of build-
ing any such channel, and allowing that corpo-
ration to fix just such tolls as they please on-
the transportation that may pass through it,.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President, what is
the question before the Senate'/
The PRESIDING OFF! Clin. (Mr. Edmfnds
in the chair.) The pending question is on the
motion of the Senator from Ohio [Mr. Sher-
man] to postpone the consideration of the bill
until the first Monday in December next.
Mr. GRIMES. I think my motion takes
precedence of that.
Mr. SHERMAN. I aui informed that the
rules of the Senate in regard to the precedence
of motions are different from the rules of the
Other House. I withdraw my motion for the
present in order to allow the Senator from
Iowa to test the sense of the Senate on the
question of recommitment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The motion
to postpone is withdrawn.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Then I understand the
question to be on recommitment.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The Chair
has not yet heard any such motion. The bill
has not been read at length, and the first busi-
ness iu order, unless some member moves a
recommitment, will be the reading of the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. I understood the Sena-
tor from Iowa to move to recommit the bill,
and I gave way to that motion.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. Does the
Chair understand the Senator from Iowa to
move that the bill be recommitted to the Com-
mittee on Commerce ?
Mr. GRIMES. Yes, sir, I make that mo-
tion.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Upon that question I
suppose it is hardly necessary to read the bill,
and perhaps not altogether proper to go into a
general discussion of its provisions. I have
been very much gratified at the tone of this
debate, and was particularly pleased with the
remarks of the Senator from Kentucky, who
seems to appreciate the great national impor-
tance of this enterprise. All the Senators who
have spoken in regard to it have spoken of it
as a work of Vast importance, a work which the
nation should undertake. The only question
seems to be whether this is the proper time to
move in it; the Senator from Kentucky think-
ing not, because we have a great national debt,
the precise amount of which is not yet known ;
and until we ascertain in regard to that, and
our finances are in a better condition, he thinks
that we ought not to undertake an enterprise
of this kind.
So far from the reasons suggested by the
Senator from Kentucky being good reasons for
the postponement of this measure, it seems to
me they are the very ones which should induce
us to take it up and act upon it at the present
time. When an individual is pressed by debts,
it is the very time for him to put forth all his
efforts to meet his outstanding obligations. This
is a proposition which is calculated to develop
and increase the wealth of the country. The
small amount which will thereby be added to the
our national debt, trifling in comparison with^
the whole of it, is not to be taken into consid-
eration' as against the vast benefits to result to
the whole country from opening this new avenue
of commerce. Sir, no one can calculate, I will
notundertaketo conjecture, theincreased value
that would be given to the products of the West
and of the Northwest if this canal were con-
structed to-day; and it is just as important to
the East as to the West, because the produc-
tions of the West are consumed in the East,
and whatever cheapens the transportion between
different portions of the country is a benefit tQ
all parts of the country.
Then, sir, in a national point of view, not
simply as a commercial measure, but as a meas-
ure of defense, upon which ground also this bill
is placed, there can be no question of the au-
thority of the nation to construct tins work.
Why, then, should we not undertake it, and
why not proceed with the consideration of the.
measure at this time? Themotion to postpone
is withdrawn, and now my friend from Iowa
moves to recommit it. What can be gained by
recommitting except delay? If this bill is to
be recommitted, let it be recommitted with in-
structions ; for- if wo send it back to the com-
mittee they would simply keep it or report it
back to us in the same shape we now have it,
unless they are instructed by the Senate as to
the shape in which the body desires the hill to
be presented. I cannot see that, anything is to
be gained by recommitting the bill.
I quite agree with what is said by the Sena-
tor from Iowa and the Senator from Ohio, that
this being a national work is not to be built
subject to the consent of the State of New
Yovk. If the nation has a right to construct
the work as a means of national defense, has
the right to make a canal around the falls for
the passage of its vcssels-of-war, the State of
New York cannot stand in the way a moment,
nor any otherState, nor any private individual.
The property of individuals and the territory
of States may be entered upon by the Federal
Government at any moment when it is neees-
sary to the defense of the nation, and the State
of New York can no more interpose her au-
thority to prevent this great work when neces-
sary for the national defense than could the
State of Kentucky some years ago interpose
her authority to prevent the armies of the Uni-
ted States from passing over her territory to
put down the wicked rebellion which was in-
augurated in 1861. I should not agree, I think
it would be inconsistent for the nation to under-
take a work of this character if any State had
authority to interpose and to stop it- It is
only on the grouud that it is a national work
that I could vote for it at all—a work necessary
to the proper defense of the northern lakes, as
well as a work required by the commercial
interests of the country.
With this view I am in favor of considering
this measure now. Every consideration should
induce us to take it up and consider it. If the
bill is not perfect, let us perfect it. If it is
objectionable to place this work in the hands
of a company, and it is best that it should be
done directly by the nation, then let'us do it
directly by the nation.
Mr. GRIMES. The Senator from Illinois
will allow me to say that the objection to the
course proposed by him is, that to attempt to
amend the bill in that way would destroy the
whole framework of the bill, and the Senator
who reported the bill gives his assent to that
proposition. My sole purpose in proposing to
send it back to the committee is to allow them
to change the character of the bill so as to
make it truly a national work, and not par-
tially and in a great degree a private work.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator from
Iowa will present his instructions to the com-
mittee, as to the character of the bill they are
to report, if it shall be one that seems to me
better than that already reported by the com-
mittee, I should be glad to vote for it.
Mr. GRIMES. I should have drawn up
some instructions if I had not understood ever
since I have been here that it was not exactly
in order to instruct a committee of this body as
to the course they shall parsue, but merely to
make inquiries or propose suggestions. It may
be parliamentary to instruct a committee, but
I think it is not according to the custom^ of this
body. A committee is requested to inquire
and not instructed to.report in a particular
way. I suppose, however, that if the senti-
ment of the Senate, as indicated by the debate,
should be what I haye suggested, the commit-
tee would of caqr-ae repQrt a bill in accordance
with if.
Mr,. TRUMBULL. We can arrive at tlie
pjjint desired by the Senator from Iowa either
