1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mr. HARRIS, from the Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom was referred a bill (S. No.
170) in relation to the district courts of the
United States m the State of California, re-
ported it with an amendment.
Mr. CONNESS. I hope the Senate will pro-
ceed to consider the bill just reported by the
Senator from New York for the consolidation
of the two districts in California.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It is not printed yet.
You had better let it be piinted.
Mr. CONNESS. It is very plain.
Mr. THUMBULL. It also" consolidates two
districts in Louisiana, as now amended.
Mr. CONNESS. I did not know that.
STATUTES-A'i'-LAKGJS.
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, who were instructed to inquire wlmtlegis-
lation is necessary in regard to the printing
the public statutes of the United States, have
directed me to report a joint resolution (S. R.
No. 50) in relation to the publication of the
laws of the United States, and 1 should like to
have it considered at this time.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the joint resolution, which
proposes lo diiect the Secretin}* of State to
renew the contract of October 3], 1850, be-
tween the Department of State and Little,
Brown & Co., of Boston. Massachusetts, for
the annual publication of the Statutes-at-Large
of the United States, until otherwise ordered
by Congress, in conformity with the joint res-
olutions approved respectively March 3, lfilfi,
and September ">0, 18o0; but the time within
which the annual edition of the. Laws is to be
delivered at the Department of State is to be
extended to seventy clays sifter the adjourn-
ment of each session of Congress. The price is
not to exceed the actual expenditures by Little.
Brown & Co., for composition, press-work,
paper, binding, editing, and transportation,
(all of which are to be done at the lowest mar-
ket price, and the paper to be furnished at as
low a price as is paid by the Government for
paper of the same quality,) and live per cent-
commission thereon.
Mr. ANTHONY. I will explain very briefly
the purpose of tl^  resolution. The Statutes-
at-Largc are now printed and have been for a
great many years by Little, Brown & Co., of
Boston, under a contract made with the De-
partment of State. The contract, was made at
a time when everything in regard to printing
was a great deal lower than it is now, less than
one half, perhaps not more than forty per cent,
of the present cost, and when the annual vol-
ume of the Statutes was but a third of the size
it has grown to during the war. Consequently
it has been apparent for some time that the
contract could not be continued without great
loss on the part, of the publishers, and they
have come here from year to year and a fair
allowance has been made to them in the miscel-
laneous appropriation bill. As it is consider-
able trouble to them and to the Senate to be
adjusting the contract on equitable principles
at every session of Congress, it, is proposed to
pass this joint, resolution which continues the
contract precisely the same .as it has been be-
fore, by the Department of State, except that
the time within which the volume shall be
delivered is extended from sixty to seventy days
after the adjournment, the ten days additional
being made necessary by the increased size of
the volume, and it is very necessaiy that, it
should be prepaied with perfect aceuracyin edit-
ing, indexing, marginal references, &c. The
price is fixed at the actual cost to the publish-
ers, their bills to be audited by the Department
of State, and i he price of paper not to be more
than is paid by the Government, and an addi-
tion of five per cent, for their profit and ex-
penses. That is cheaper than we can dn it,
here, because printing can be done in Boston
cheaper than it can be clone here.
When the national Printing Office was first
organized under the Interior Department, it
was the intention of Congress that all the print-
ing of all of the Executive Departments and
39tii Concl 1st Sess.—No. 97.
of the judiciary and of the, statutes should be
done there, and it was accordingly proposed to
transfer this publication from Little, Brown &
Co., to the Superintendent of Public Printing
at the last session ; but the legal gentlemen in
the Senate, the Senator from Maryland, [Mr.
Joiixson,] the Senator from Illinois, [Mr.
tuumiicll,] the Senator from Maine, [Mr. fbs-
senden.] and, I believe, the Senator from Ohio,
[Mr. Sherman*,] and the Senator from New
York, [Mr. Harms,] all bore testimony to the
very great accuracy of the edition printed by
Little & Brown, and all considered it very im-
portant that the work should be continued in
their hands ; and in deference to their authority
and to the recommendations of the highest judi-
cial authorities in the country which have been
presented here, the committee have reported
this joint, resolution.
The joint resolution was read three times,
and passed.
bills introduced.
Mr. LANE, of Indiana, asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 20'.)) for the relief of Zada Saw-
don, widow of the late John Sawdon, of Ripley
county, Indiana; which was read twice by its
title, and referred to the Committee on Pen-
sions.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
211) to improve and enlarge the arsenal grounds
at St. Louis; which was read twice by its title,
referred to the Committee, oil Military Affairs
and the Militia, and, with the accompanying
papers presented by him, was ordered to be
printed.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 212)
to aid in the construction of the Kansas and
Neosho Yallev railroad, connecting the great
lakes, Iowa, Missouri, and Kansas, with Texas
and the Gull' of Mexico, and to secure to the
Government the use of the same for military,
postal, and other purposes; which was read
twiec by its title and referred to the Committee
on Public Lands.
Mr. HENDERSON asked, and by unani-
mous consent obtained, leave to introduce a
bill (S. No. 21:1) for the relief of John H.
Ellis, a paymaster in the United States Army:
which was read twice by its title, and referred
to the Committee on Claims.
Mr. HENDERSON. I present papers in
connection with that bill to be referred to the
same committee.
They were so referred.
Mr. MORRILL asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 2141 to incorporate the General Hos-
pital of the District, of Columbia; which was
read twice by its title, and referred to the
Committee on the District of Columbia.
Mr. STEWART asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill
(S. No. 2t">) concerning certain lands gianted
to the State of Ne\ada; which was read twice
b} its title, referred to the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, and ordered to be printed.
MESSAGE PROM THE HOUSE.
A message from (lie House of Representa-
tives. by Mr. McPiikrson, its Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills and joint resolution, iu which
11 it requested the concurrence of the Senate :
|1 A bill (H. R. No. 218) making appropriations
!j for the legislative, executive, and judicial cx-
i penses of the Government for the year ending
l| ihe "Dili of June, l.%7 ;
i| A bill (TI. U. No. 2;!8) to amend an act
'| entitled "An act relating to habeas corpus.
i; and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
j: cases," approved March 3, 180.5: and
A bill (H. It. No. 280) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depait-
ment dining the fiscal year ending the 30th of
J une, 1867, and for other purposes.
enrolled bill signed.
The message further announced that the
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed an enrolled joint resolution (H. R. No. -
45) to change the name of the ship Art Union
to the name George M. Barnard, and it was
signed by the President pro tempore.
northern kansas railroad.
Mr. POMEROY. I move to postpone all
prior orders and take up the bill (S. No. 145) -
for a grant of lands to the State of Kansas to
aid in the construction of the Northern Kan-
sas railroad and telegraph.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee'of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the bill. The route of the proposed
railroad is from Elwood, on the Missouri river, •,
in Kansas, opposite St. Joseph, in Missouri,
west through Marysvillc, to a junction with the
Pacific railroad, eastern division, on the Re-
publican river, in Kansas.
The Committee on Public Lands reported
the bill with an amendment, in section one, line
nineteen, after the words " United States," to
insert " not designated as mineral landsso
that the clause will read;
Then it shall be tlio duty of tho Secretary of the
Interior to cause to be selected for tho purposes afore-
said, from the public lands of the United States not
designated as mineral lands, nearest, to tiers of Sec-
tions, so much land, in alternate sections, &c.
Mr. CONNESS. If that is intended to be
an exemption of mineral lands, I do not think
it is a complete one, because there is no general
designation that I know of made by the United
States of mineral lauds as such.
Mr. POMEROY. The surveyor general
makes the designation from tho public surveys.
If the Senator desires to put the exemption in
any other form, I shall not objeet.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 think it would be prefer-
able to change the language so as to make it
conform to the acts that have been passed on
that, subject. This is the first time I have ever
heard that form of language. I do not think
there is a form of specific designation.
Mr. POMEROY. "Not mineral" is the
usual form.
Mr. CONNESS. I have not a copy of the
bill before mc, and cannot, suggest a change;
but I thmk a change should bo made.
Mr. POME HOY. "Not, mineral" is the
usual form, and 1 have no objection to chan-
ging it in that way.
Tie PRESIDENT pro tempore. Does the
Senator so modify the amendment'?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir. 1 will modify
it by inserting, in lieu of the words "not desig-
nated as mineral lands," the words "not min-
eral;'' so that the clause will read:
It shall be tho duty of tho Secretary of the Interior
to cause to bo selected for tho purposes aforesaid,
from the public lands of the United States not min-
eral, nearest to tiers of sections above specified, &c.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest, to the Senator
that it is not a sufficient designation to say
"lands not mineral." He had better reserve
that and put in a special proviso:
I'rnritlprl, That mineral lands, or lands containing
gold or fcilver, shall not be conveyed under the pro-
\ isions of this act,
Mr. POMEROY. There are no mineral
lands within a thousand miles of this road, and
I deem the phrase "not mineral" sufficient, be-
cause no minerals have ever been found there,
and that is the usual form, the old form.
Mr. BROWN, [to Mr. Conness.] Let this
amendment be adopted, and then you can put
on the other proviso if you wish to do so.
Tho amendment was agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. I move to amend the bill in
section one, line 8, by inserting after the words
"Republican river," the words, "or at some
point east of the hundredth meridian," so that
it will read:
That there be, and hereby is, granted to the State
of Kansas, for the purpose of aiding in the cons-truc-
tion of tho Northern Kansas railroad, to nit, irom
Elwood, on the Mit-souri river, in Kansas, and oppo-
site the city of Sam t Joseph, in the State of Misiouu,
■nest through JIarysvillo, to a junction with the Pa-
cific railroad, eastern division, on the Republican
river or at soiue point east of the hundredth meridian,
in Kansas, every alternate section, &c.
- Mr. LANE, of Kansas. I hope the Senator
