1538
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
from Missouri will not insist upon that amend-
ment. If the Union Pacific railroad runs up
the Smoky Hill route, they cannot form a
junction east of the hundredth meridian.
Mr. BROWN. They can form a junction
with the other branch by striking out the words
"eastern division." All I desire is to give
them a connection in any event.
Mr.- LANE, of Kansas. The probability is
that the two roads will be separated; that the
northern branch will run on the north side of
the Platte, and the eastern division branch will
run up the Smoky Hill. In that case they will
be permitted to connect at any point.
Mr. POMEROY. If the Senator from Mis-
souri will strike out the words '' eastern divis-
ion '' he will accomplish all that he desires.
Mr. BROWN. I propose to strike out those
words.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. "Why limit them at
all? Why not permit them either to connect
with the Union Pacific or with the Northern
Pacific at any point?
Mr. BROWN. That will suit just as well;
and if the Senator will draw up an amendment
in that shape I shall have no objection to it.
Mr. POMEROY. _ The only difficulty about
that is, that the Burlington and Missouri River
Railroad Company have got the grant south of
the road leading from Omaha. I have no objec-
tion to the amendment, but I am satisfied they
cannot do that.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. The Senator from
Missouri will accomplish his object by striking
out the words "easterndivision on the Repub-
lican river so that it will read:
To a junction with the Pacific railroad in Kansas,
every alternate section of land, &c.
Mr. BROWN. Very well; I accept that.
_ The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The ques-
tion is on the amendment as modified.
The amundmeut was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amend-
ed, and the amendments were concurred in.
The bill_ was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, read the third time, and passed.
PUNISHMENT OF COUNTERFEITING.
_ Mr. POLAND. I move to take up for con-
sideration Senate bill No. 165, reported by me
a short time ago from the Committee on the
Judiciary.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 165) more effectually to provide for the
punishment of certain crimes against the Uni-
ted States was read the second time, and con-
sidered as in Committee of the Whole.
Under its provisions any person or persons
who shall falsely make, alter, forge, or coun-
terfeit ; or cause or procure to be falsely made,
altered, forged, or counterfeited; or willingly
aid or assist in the false making,'altering, for-
ging, or counterfeiting of any bond, bid, pro-
posal, guarantee, security, official •bond, public
-record, affidavit, or other writing for the pur-
pose of defrauding the United States; or shall
utter or publish as true, or cause to be uttered
or published as true, any such false, forged,
altered, or counterfeited bond, bid, proposal,
guarantee, security, official bond, public record,
affidavit, or other writing, for the purpose of
detrauding the United States, knowing the same
to be false, forged, altered, or counterfeited;
or shall transmit to, or present at, or cause or
procure to be transmitted to, or presented at,
the office of any officer of the United States,
' any such false, forged, altered, or counterfeited
bond, bid, proposal, guarantee, security, official
bond, public record, affidavit, or other writing,
knowing the same to be false, forged,* altered,
or counterfeited, for the purpose of'defrauding
the United States, shall be deemed and ad-
judged guilty of felony, and being thereof duly
convicted, shall be sentenced to be imprisoned
and kept at hard labor for a period not exceed-
ing ten years. or be fined not exceeding $1,000,
Or both, in the discretion of the court.
It is further provided that if any offense shall
be committed in any place which has been, or
shall hereqfiar be, ceded to, and under the
jurisdiction of the United States, which of-
fense is not prohibited, or the punishment
thereof is not specially provided for by any
law of the United States, such offense shall,
upon conviction in any court of the United
States having cognizance thereof, be liable to
and receive the same punishment as the laws
of the State in which such place is, or may be
situated, now in force, provide for the like
offense when committed within the jurisdiction
of such State; and that no subsequent repeal
of any such State law shall affect any prosecu-
tion for such offense in any of the courts of
the United States.
The bill was reported to the Senate, ordered
to be engrossed for a third reading, and was
read the third time, and passed. "
USE OF HALL FOB LECTURES.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the use of the
Hall be granted to Mrs. M. C. Walling, re-
cently a refugee from Texas, now a resident
of Illinois, to deliver a lecture in on Tuesday
evening next, the floor-of the Hall to be used
only for members of the Senate and House of
Representatives and their families.
Mr. GRIMES. As that will establish a very
important principle, by which we shall be gov-
erned hereafter I suppose, I call for the yeas
and nays on that motion.
"The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The Chair
can entertain the motion at the present time
only by unanimous consent, as the morning
hour has expired, and it is now the duty of the
Chair to call up the special order.
Mr. CONNESS. 1 hope this matter will be
voti^d on now.
Mr. RIDDLE. I object.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Objection
being made, the motion, in the opinion of the
Chair, cannot be entertained, as the hour has
arrived for the consideration of the special
order.
INTERNATIONAL OCEAN TELEGRAPH.
The Senate resumed the consideration of the
bill (S. No. 26) granting to the International
Ocean Telegraphic Company the right and priv-
ilege to establish telegraphic communication
between the city of New York and the West
India islands, the pending question being on
the amendment of Mr. Sherman, in section
three, line two, to insert after the words "at
any time'' the words '1 to fix and alter the rates
for the transmission of messages and;" so as
to make the section read: ■
That Congress shall have power at any time to
fix and alter the rates for the transmission of mes-
sages, and to alter or regeal the foregoing act.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. Full control is now in
the hands of Congress as the bill stands. I
hope the bill will pass as it stands.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
nays on the amendment.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce very carefully guarded this bill by put-
ting in the third section that " Congress shall
have power at any time to alter or repeal' the
foregoing act." I think that covers the whole
ground, and that it is improper to place the
company so completely under the control of
Congress as is now proposed. The bill is very
carefully guarded, and I hope it will be passed
as it is. I trust the amendment will not be
adopted.
Mr. SHERMAN.^ Yesterday it was stated
by the friends of this bill that the right to fix
the rates was involved in the power to repeal
or alter the charter.^ I did not think so myself.
The adoption of this amendment will go very
far toward removing my objections to the bill;
but without this amendment this company may
charge ten dollars a word for a dispatch be-
tween this country and Cuba. There is no
limitation upon tlieir power, no right to con-
trol them for fourteen' years. It seems to me
that the power to alter or repeal the charter
does not include the power to fix the rates.
We may repeal the charter, destroy the fran-
chise, and the property may fall; but I do not
think that includes the power to fix the rates.
Yesterday, when this amendment was proposed,
it seemed to be conceded by the friends of the
bill that the one included the other. That be-
ing so, I am rather surprised that the Senator
from Michigan should now oppose it.
Mr. FESSENDEN. A gentleman interested
in this matter called upon me this morning
and I had some conversation with him in ref-
erence to the "bill. It seemed from that con-
versation that the object was to prevent any
foreign company from establishing and thus
getting a monopoly of a telegraphic station
on our coast by means of the fact that perhaps
we could not get the same privileges which we
grant from any foreign country. I told him
that that could be reached very easily in an-
other mode than this, which was so objection-
able, of granting an exclusive "privilege for
any given length of time. I said that if that
was the object, which was all very well, I
thought it might be attained in another way.
I thought that proposition was satisfactory to
him, but the conversation was not sufficiently
definite on that point to enable me to say so.
I therefore propose to take the vote again on
striking out the word " sole'' and to submit
this proposition as an additional section:
And be it.further enacted, That no person or per-
sons, or incorporated company, shall be permitted
to establish telegraphie communication between tha
United States and any foreign country throuch the
waters of the United States, without the consent of ,
Congress.
If, as is supposed and may probably be true,
the United States have that exclusive jurisdic-
tion over the marine league which would en-
able them to exclude any person from it that
they saw fit to exclude, a provision like this
would answer the purpose. If a foreign com-
pany is Organized and that exclusion should
not take place, it might be that the foreign
company would have such control over the
whole matter as would seriously affect our in-
terests ; but if we incorporate this company
now, with leave to establish a telegraphic com-
munication, it will enable them to compete on
equal terms with the foreign company and make
such an- arrangement as may be beneficial. If
that is all they want, and it is all they ought to
have in my judgment, this will entirely protect
them, and no person or corporation, whether
foreign or native, could establish another tel-
egraphic communication with a foreign coun-
try without the consent of Congress; and if it
would not be reasonable to grant such a privi-
lege to another company within the fourteen
years it would not be granted by Congress, and
yet Congress would retain in its own hands the
power to regulate the whole matter if it be-
came necessary to do so. I therefore propose,
in order to test the sincerity of the company as
to the reason that they give for desiring this
bill, and also to protect them thoroughly, to
put in this amendment which I have drawn;
I will read it again ; I think it is ample:
And he it further enacted, That no person or per-
sons, or incorporated company, shall be permitted
to establish telegraphic communication between the
coast of the United States and any foreign country
through the waters of the United States without the
consent of Congress.
That, I think, will meet all they want and give
them all necessary power, and at the same time
it will leave Congress in possession of the sub-
ject, as they ought to be.
Mr. CHANDLER. The Committee on Com-
merce has spent months in examining and ma-
turing this bill. I think we have devoted more
time, perhaps, to this one bill than to any other
measure that has been before that committee.
We have succeeded in perfecting a bill which
will insure the completion of a telegraph line
to the West India islands. I believe that com-
mercially it is more important than any bill
which has been presented to this body during
this session. I believe that to the commercial
interests of this nation millions of dollars will
accrue from the passage of this bill. Other
nations^are extending their commercial facili-
ties. England is reaching all over the world,
and has almost reached every nook and corner
of the world with her telegraphic wires. France
is extending her commercial relations and fa-
