474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
Mr. CLARK. Yes, sir; a fine of $300, or
imprisonment for two years, or both.
The question being taken by yeas and nays
on the passage of the bill, resulted—yeas 34,
nays 7; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Anthony, Chandler, Clark, Cowan,
Cragin, Dixon, Fessenden, Foot, Foster, Grimes, Har-
ris, Howard, Howe, Johnson, Khkwood. Lane of In-
diana. Lane of Kansas, Morgan, Morrill, Norton,
Nye, Poland, Pomeroy, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart,
Sumner, Trumbull, van Wmkle, Wade, "VYilley,"Wil-
liams, Wihori, and Yates—01.
NAYS—Messrs. Buckalew, Davis, Guthrie, Hen-
dricks, Riddle, Saulsbury, and Stockton—7.
_ ABSENT—Messrs. Brown, Conness, Creswell, Doo-
little. Henderson, MeBougall, Nesmith, Ramsey, and
Wrigk-9.
So the bill was passed.
PROTECTION OF CIVIL RIGHTS.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The morn-
ing hour having expired, it becomcs the duty
of the Chair to call up the unfinished business
of Friday, which is the bill (S. No. (it) to pio-
teet all persons in the United States in their
civil riglils, and furnish the means of their vin-
dication, which is now before the Senate as in
Committee of the Whole.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Mr. President 
Mr. DIXON. With the consent of the Sen-
ator from Illinois, T will ask that the hill (S. No.
71) relative to the sale of postage stamps and
stamped envelopes on credit he now taken up.
I think it will take lint a very short time to
pass it.
Mr. TllUMJJULL. .1 presume the Senator
can pass it, in the morning hour to-morrow.
Mr. DIXON. I will not urge it if the Sena-
tor objects, but I think it is of importance and
ought to be passed at once.
Mr. TllUMIHJLL. Probably it will not give
rise to debate, and 1 presume Micro will he time
to pass it in the moining hour to-morrow.
Mr. IMXOM. 1 will not press the motion.
Mr. Till! .MBULL. Before proceeding with
the bill under consideration, 1 desire to offer an
amendment, to insert ntier the word 'Mhat,M in
the third line of the tirsl section, the words, "all
persons of African descent born in the United
States are hereby declared to be cili/.ons uf the
United Stales and so that the section will
road:
That all persons of African descent bom in the Uni-
ted States are herebv deohued jo bo citr/eim of the
United Staler and tlicte shall ho no diMunuination
in civil rights or immunities amontf the inhabit-
ants of anv State or T<nitorv of tin- United Static
on account of ra.ee, color, or pievnms condition of
slavery, Siq,
Mr. President, 1 regard the bill to which the
attention of the Senate is now called as the
most important measure 1 hut has Leon under its
consideration since the adoption of the consti-
tutional amendment abolishing slavery. That
amendment declared that all persons in the
UnitodSiai.es should be free. This inensaueis
intended to give effect to that declaration and
secure to all persons within the Ignited Slates
practical ftccdom. The?e is vciy lilUc impor-
tant. e in I he genei ul declar.il ion oCabot raett ml lis
and principles unless they can be carried into
effect, unless the persons u ho <u e to beaH'octcd
by them have some means of avading theni-
selves of their benefits. Of what avail wns
the immortal declaration "that all men are
created equal j that they are endowed by their
Creator with certain inalienable rights; that
among those are lite, liberty, and the pursuit
of happiness/' and "thai to secure these rights
Govenimcnts are instituted among men." to
the millions of the African race in this coun-
try who were ground down and degraded and
subjected to a slavery more intolerable and
cruel than the world ever before knew? Of
what avail was it to the citizen of Massachu-
setts, who, a few years ago. went, to South Car-
olina. to enforce a constitutional li^ht in court,
that the Constitution of the United States de-
clared that the citizens of each State shall be
entitled to all the privileges and immunities of
citizens in the several States? And of what avail
will it now be that the Constitution of the Uni-
ted State* has declared that slavery shall not
exist, if in the late slaveholding States laws are
to be enacted and enforced depriving persons
of African descent of privileges which are es-
sential to freemen ?
^ It is the intention of this bill to secure those
rights. The laws in the slaveholding States have
made a distinction against persons of African
descent on account of their color, whether free
or slave. I have before me the statutes of Mis-
sissippi. They provide that if any colored per-
son, any free negro or mulatto, shall come into
that State for the purpose of residing there, he
shall be sold into slavery for life, if any per-
son of African descent residing in that State
travels from one county to another without hav-J
ing a pass or a certificate of his freedom, he is
liable to be committed to jail and to be dealt
with as a person who is in the State without au-
thority. Other provisions of the statute pro-
hibit any negro or mulatto from having fire-arms;
and one provision of the statute declares that
for u exercising the functions of a minister of the
Gospel free negroes and mulattoes, on convic-
tion, may be punished by auy number of lashes
not exceeding thirty-nine on the bare back, and
shall pay the costs." Other provisions of the
statute of Mississippi prohibit a free negro or
mulatto from keeping a house of entertainment,
and subject him to trial before two justices of
the peace and live slaveholders for violating the
provisions of this law. The statutes of South
Carolina make it a highly penal offense for any
person, white or colored, to teach slaves; and
similar pro\isions 'are to be lound running
through all the statutes of the late slaveholding
States.
"When the constitutional amendment was
adopted and nla\cry abolished, all these stat-
utes became null and void, because they wore
all passed in aid of slavery, for the purpose
of maintaining and supposing ii. Since the
abolition of sla\ei\. the Legislahues which
have assembled in the inMirreefionaiy States
have passed laws relating to the freedmen, and
in nearly all the Slates they have discriminated
against them. They deny them certain lights,
subject them to son ere penalties, and still im-
pose upon them i lie very restrictions which were
imposed upon them in consequence of the exist-
ence of shneiy, and betore if was abolished.
■(The purpose of the bill under consideration
is to destroy all these discriminations, and to
carry into eUbct the con,-! itutional amendment.
The first seelion of the lull, as it is now pro-
posed fo be amended, declares that all persons
of African descent shall be citizens of the Uni-
ted Slat.es, and—
'Phut, there shall be no discrimination in civil
mhts or immunities anions the inhabitants of any
State 01 Tei i it <u y ol' the United Staler on act ount of
raec. color, or previous condition of slavery ; hut the
inhabitants of e\ civ race and color, without, regard
to anv pi i \ ions condition ot Mavcrv or involuntary
ser\ nude, except  •, a punishment, for crime whereof
the partv shall have been duly convicted, shall have
the same uidit to make and enforce contracts to sue,
be paate-s, and tfi\c evidence, to inheiit, puuha^o.
Ion sell, hold, and eonves real and personal prop-
el ty. and to i nil and eipia I benefit ol ;j 11 law s and pro-
ceed! n;;.; lor the -eetintv ot pej ^on and propyl ty, and
shall bi Mibje< ( to I ike punishment, pains and p-mal-
lu* . and to none other, am law, statute, ordinance,
rc;;ulation,orciL-lom to t lie con t iaiy notwithstanding.
This section ihc basis of the whole bill.
The oilier provisions of the bill contain the
necessary machinery to give efleet to what are
declared to be the rights of all persons in the
first section, and the question will arise, has
i Congress authority to pass such a hill? Has
j; Congressauthoriiy to give practical effect to the
great declaration that slavery shall not exist in
the United States? U it has not. then nothing-
has been accompli died by the adoption of the |j
eonstitulional amendment. In my judgment, j
Congress lias this authority, it is difficult, per- i
haps, to deline accurately what sla\en is ami
what liberty is. Liberty and sla\en are oppo- i
j site terms; one is opposed to the other. \Ve ;
! know that in a civil government, in organized ]
society, no such thing can exi>t as natural or
absolute liberty. .Natural liberty is defined to
be the—
"Power of acting a< one thinks fit, without any rc-
«trn\nt or control, unless bv the law of nature, being
a ri<?lit inherent in us by birth, and one of the gifts of
(rod toman rp his creation, when lie imbued him with
the faculty of will."
But every man who enters society gives up a
part of this natural liberty, which is the liberty
of the savage, the liberty which the wild beast
has, for the advantages he obtains in the pro-
tection which civil government gives him. Civil
liberty, or the liberty which a person enjoys in
society, is thus defined by Blackstone:
" Civil liberty is no other than natural liberty, so
far restrained by human laws and no further, ju is
necessary and expedient for the general advantage of
the public."
That is the liberty to which every citizen is
entitled; that is the liberty which was intended
to be secured bv the Declaration of Independ-
ence and the Constitution of the United States
originally, and more especially by the amend-
ment which has recently been adopted ; and in
a note to Blackstone's Commentaries it is stated
that—
" In this definition of civil liberty it ought to bo un-
derstood, or rather expressed, that the restraints in-
troduced by the lawshould be equal to all, or as much
so as the nature of things will admit."
Then, sir, I take it that any statute which is
not equal to all, and which deprives any citizen
of civil rights -which are secured to other citi-
zens, is an unjust encroachment upon his lib-
erty ; and is, in fact, a badge of servitude which,
by the Constitution, is prohibited. We may,
perhaps, arrive at a more correct definition of
the term '• citizen of the United States" by re-
ferring to that, clause of the Constitution which
1 have already quoted, and which declares that
"the citizens of each State shall beentitledto all
privileges and immunities of citizens in the sev-
eral States.5' What rights are secured to the citi-
zens of each State under that, provision? Such
fundamental rights as belong to every free per-
son. Story, in his Commentaries, in comment-
ing upon this clause of the Constitution of the
United States, says:
" The intent ion of this clause^;is t o confer on citi-
zens it one mav so say, a ^onrral citizen-duo, and to
communicate all the privileges and iuimunities which
the citizens ot the same State would be entitled to
under the like circumstances."
There have been several decisions of courts
upon this clause of the Constitution. It, was
decided by the general court of the State of
Maiyland (Chase and Duval, justices) that this
section meant that the citizens of all the States
should have the peculiar advantage of acquir-
ing and holding real as well as personal property,
and that such property should be protected and
secured by the laws of the State in the same
manner as the property of the citizens of the
State is protected, ft meant that such property
shall not. be liable to any tax; or burdens which
the property of the citizen is not subject to. It
may also mean that, as creditors, they shall be
on the same footing with the State creditor in
the payment of the debts of a deceased debtor.
Jf. secures and protects personal rights. {Camp-
bell rs\ Morris, oli arris and Mclienry, f  ;>•).)
This clause of the Constitution, according to
the decision of the Indiana court niadeiu 171 7,
"secures and protects personal rights" and
gives to every person who is a cilizeu of one
State the same rights to hold property, the same
personal rights, that the citizen of that State
has.
A decision bv the supremo court of Massa-
chusetts upon this clause of the Constitution
declares that—
" The privilege* and immunities«eourcd to the peo-
ple of each State in every other State can be applied
only in ca-e ot removal from one State into another.
15y such removal they become citizen* of the adopted
State wit houf nnt"" 'thzution, and have a right to sue
and be sued asciti/.cn?: and yet thisprivileire is qual-
itied and not ab-olu'e. tor they cannot enjoy the right
of sufTi a so or of disability to oftk e, w irhuut ;■ ueh term
of residence ns Mian he prescribed by the constitution
and laws of the State into which they saalf remove.
They shall have the privileges and immunities of cit-
izeno; that is tbev shall not bo deemed aliens hut
may take and hold real estate: and mav, according
to the laws of such State, eventually enioy the full
rights of cituen-diip without the nccerslty of bems
naturalized."—6 PicJ-ra-ino, 92, Abbott vs. Ilayley.
But, sir, the decision most elaborate upon
this clause of the Constitution is to be found in
Washington's Circuit Court Reports, in a case
which was reserved for consideration atter ar-
gument. I will read several sentences_from the
opinion of the circuit judge, because it will be
