8458
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
by the submission of a substitute on his part,
by committing it to some other committee, or
by instructions. When we come to consider
the bill and its features, it will be for the Sen-
ate to say whether it will be best to amend it
or not. If the Senator desires to have this
work done by the Government itself, he can
move to strike out those provisions of the bill
which place it in the hands of a company, and
then, if that motion was sustained by the Sen-
ate and the bill was recommitted, the commit-
tee, understanding the views of the Senate,
would frame a bill to carry out those views,
and report, it back to us, if it was necessary to
recommit it at all.
I will not, at this moment, undertake to say
whether it would be best for the Government
to construct the work itself or through a com-
pany. That it has power to do it through a
company, I have very little doubt. The ques-
tion of the right of a company to take prop-
erty for public uses is too well settled in this
country to be raised at this time. The right
of eminent domain existing in a State may
be exercised through the means of a company
for a public purpose. It has so been settled
in all the States ; and I think the Federal Gov-
ernment maj', through a company, exercise
this power. We have done it in the case of
the Pacific railroad. In opening the great
highway to the Pacific we have incorporated
a company through whom the work is being
done.
Mr. CLARK. We incorporated a company
not in the States, but in the Territories.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That work runs into
the State of California.
Mr. CLA.RK. But we did not undertake to
charter the company to do it there.
Mr. TRUMBULL. We recognized a com-
pany incorporated by the State of California
under the Pacific railroad bill, and another com-
pany, as I understand, in Kansas. It is anal-
ogous, in principle, to the chartering of the
old United States Bank, which the Supreme
Court sustained. I am aware it was always a
controverted point among the politicians of the
country whether the United States Bank was
constitutional, but the Supreme Court of the
United States sustained it as constitutional,
upon the ground that Congress had authority
to adopt such means as it deemed proper to
accomplish a legitimate end. Now, it is a
legitimate end to be accomplished to construct
this ship-canal around these falls. That is
conceded. It is for Congress to determine
upon the most appropriate mean3 to accom-
plish that object, and if it is believed to be the
cheapest and the most proper mode of doing
it to do it through the creation of a corporation,
I doubt not that Congress may do it in that
way.
But, sir, I did not propose to go into the
merits of this bill at this time. My only object
in saying anything was to urge upon the Sen-
ate its consideration now. Let us commence
the consideration of it; let us test the sense of
the Senate as to the right of the State of New
York to put its veto upon this national work;
let us see whether that section reported by a
majority of the committee is to stand. We
may do that much, at least; and I hope the
bill will not be recommitted until we ascertain
what is the sense of the Senate in regard to
these vital questions : first, whether the work
is to be done by a corporation, and second,
whether it is to bo done or not as the State of'
New York shall think proper to determine. I
think we had better consider in the Senate and
settle here these questions before weRecom-
mit the bill. Otherwise I can see no object in
recommitting it. I think that now, when every
consideration calls upon us to develop the re-
sources of this country, to put forth the strength
and energy of the nation in bringing out its
wealth, is the very time when we should com-
mcnce this great national work.
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. President, I am very
much obliged to the Senator from Illinois for
his suggestion upon the subject of paying debts
J>y increasing them, That is a new idea to mp,
and I think it is new to others. There is no
doubt that when an individual is involved it is
necessary that he should makl the proper ex-
ertions to meet his obligations; but how would
his creditors look at him if when he owed a
million he should immediately engage in a
work that would cost him a million more to a
certainty, and without any certainty that a
million more would accomplish it? The cred-
itors would all lose confidence in his sanity ;
•they would believe that that was not the way
to secure them or to pay them; and I am not
certain that these projects will not fix upon
the Senate of the United States something like
the same suspicion.
I was in favor of postponing this bill, be-
cause I thoughtwe had not time nowto mature
it, because I thought the work ought not to be
built by the Government in conjunction with a
company, because I thought the great advan-
tages and privileges that would result from the
construction of this canal and the immense
water power all along the line, were matters to
be considered before we agreed to give tliem
to a private company. If the Senator from
Illinois, however, is right, and can find the
means for this work, I suppose, from the cry
he has raised, he will carry the measure ; but
he will carry it without my judgment being in
favor of this hasty action. I recollect that
when this bill was passed by the other House
it fell upon everybody in the Senate with
astonishment that it should be proposed to
undertake an expenditure of this kind in the
condition in which we are—not united, not
conciliated, with eleven States not here to
join us in council in relation to this descrip-
tion of works. Is this work going to make
money enough to pay the national debt? How
long will it be before this ship-canal will be
done ? I reckon it will work its way slowly
and tediously along like the Pacific railroad.
Mr. TRUMBULL. That is coming on very
rapidlj".
Mr. GUTHRIE. They are going ahead
with it now ; but if we had had that enterprise
on hand when the war came on, how fast could
we have constructed it? My judgment has
always been in favor of the Pacific railroad.
When I was in Mr. Pierce's Cabinet, and was
there brought to the consideration of the sub-
ject, surveys having been ordered, I came to
the conclusion, and I have never since changed
my opinion, as to the necessity, the propriety,
the wisdom, and the statesmanship of binding
the west coast to the Atlantic by railroad com-
munication, and I am not goifig now to be
driven out of my judgment in favor of this
ship-canal because gentlemen are disposed to
undertake it in a way that I do not like, and at
a time that I think inexpedient for the work,
considering the condition in which we are. I
shall not, however, undertake to discuss the
subject or to go into-its merits.
Mr. SUMNER. Mr. President, the Sena-
tor from Kentucky gives his judgment in favor
of the proposed ship-canal, but he gives his
argument against it. He is in favor of delay,
and the reason that he assigns for delay is that
the country is already encumbered by a large
national debt which we should not now in-
crease by any additional expenditure, and he
asks with a triumphant air whether before it
has ever been proposed to reduce a national
debt by increasing it. Now, sir, permit me to
say that his question does not meet the case.
It is proposed, so far as I understand the ques-
tion now, to provide additional resources. To
"that end an additional expenditure is to be in-
curred; but the object is to secure additional
resources. Out of those additional resources
there will be increased means for the payment
of the national debt. That is the precise an-
swer which I make to the Senator from Ken-
tucky; and as I understand him to make no
other special objection to proceeding with the
matter now, I feel that he is completely an-
swered.
I confess, however, sir, that what fell from
the Senator from Iowa produced more impres-
sion on my mind. His objection to the exe-
cution of this work by a corporation and to
allowing that corporation to establish tolls
which the people of his State and of other
States at the West should be obliged to pay,
certainly deserves attention.
Mr. SHERMAN. And there is the water
power.
Mr. SUMNER. The Senator from Ohio
reminds me also of the large amount of water
power which is to be given to this corporation.
I say it deserves attention, and I am glad that
the Senator from Iowa has brought that into
the debate. But I think the Senator is mis-
taken when, on that aceount, he interposes the
dilatory motion which he does by asking the
re-reference of this proposition to the commit-
tee. I do not know that at a subsequent stage
of the debate it may not be important to recom-
mit it; but I believe that now where we are at
this moment, we had better proceed with the
consideration of the bill and especially have a
vote of the Senate on the amendment reported
by the committee. For one I wish an oppor-
tunity, and the sooner the better, to vote against
that amendment. Senators about me say, so do
they. Let us, then, proceed with the consid-
eration of the bill, and I hope the Senate will
vote down the proposition which is to invite
the consent and cooperation of the State of
New York. On that question I hope the Sen-
ate will establish a precedent. The time has
come for us to assert the powers of the national
Government, independent of the States, in cer-
tain cases. The argument thus far in this de-
bate has gone very much on the military power
of the Government; little allusion has been
made to that other source of power which
seems to me so ample; the power to regulate
commerce among the States. I should prefer,
perhaps, to found this exercise of power upon
these words of the Constitution. I ask Con-
gress now to interpose its power to regulate
commerce among the States, to interpose it on
a great occasion, under circumstances, I admit,
of special responsibility when I consider the
time and the occasion, but under circumstances
which I think amply justify the exercise of the
power. Who, sir, can doubt that under these
special words of the Constitution we have full
power over this whole question? Who can
doubt that without asking the consent of New
York we may establish a canal about the falls
of Niagara? I think that no Senator who
hears me can now hesitate as to the power of
Congress over that whole question. Assuming,
then, that Congress has the power, the only
question that remains is as to the expediency
of exercising it at this time; and that again
brings me to the argument of the Senator from
Kentucky, that at this time when we are in-
volved in a large national debt we should not
undertake to increase it. To that I have al-
ready replied, as the Senator from Illinois has
also replied before me, that we undertake to
provide additional resources, we seek to extend
the commerce of the country, to enlarge its
means, and to enable it to meet this national
debt which has been imposed upon it.
I hope, sir, that there will be no delay, that
the Senate will proceed with the consideration
of the bill at once. The question is great; it
is important; it is almost historical: it is noth-
ing less than to determine whether the north-
ern shores of Ohioand Illinois shall be brought
forward to the ocean itself, so that the large
towns there shall be, as it were, ports of the
sea. By this ship-canal Chicago and Cleveland
may be made sea-ports on the Atlantic coast.
Sir, that is an object which is well worthy of
an honest ambition, and I do ask the Senate
without any delay to give its best attention to it.
Mr. STEWART. I am in favor of this great
work, the building of this canal, and I wish to
say to Senators who claim that it will be an in-
crease of the national debt, that that depends
upon another question. Our national debt is
comparative. It is nominally $3,000,000,000.
Our wealth is, according to the last census, in
round numbers, $10,000,000,000, so that the
debt is about twenty per cent, of the wealth of
the country. Now, the question is not about
