1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
m
39th Gong.... 1st Sess.
Basis of Beprefsentation—Mr. Thomas.
Ho. oj? Reps.
front," except in so far as the legions of Sher-
man and Grant would indicate by their having
gone to their homes and rested from their la-
bor. The war, to be sure, is over; but there is
another battle yet to be fought... Our brave sol-
diers did not fail in meeting the demands of the
country -when they faced the cannon's mouth
and braved death and starvation to preserve
what we enjoy to-day, and we would be recre-
ants and cowards were we to fail in compre-
hending the great results of this war, and not
come up like men and patriots to meet the de-
mands of the hour.
Judging the South by some people in my own
State, I am inclined to believe that rebellion
only '' sleepeth'' and is not dead. i have no
unkind words for any man, and would rather
forget the past than to recount it; but when I
see men in my own State who, in the hours that
tried true men's souls, proved faithless in their
loyalty and used all of their influence to indnce
the people of my State to take up arms against
the Government, men who have been incarcer-
ated as traitors to their country, men who re-
joiced at every Federal reverse and lamented
at every Federal victory—when i see men like
these, i say, arrogantly and imperiously demand-
ing that they should participate in the affairs
of the Government, and that Union men, who
have stood the test of loyalty and have sacri-
ficed friends and social ties and kindred for
their country, should hand over what they have
preserved to such as sought to destroy them,
I begin to think it is time for "the watchmen
on the towers of freedom'' to keep a sharp eye
and a steady hand on such as are beyond the
Potomac.
As God knows my heart, I have no bitter-
ness of feeling toward the people of the South.
Some of the dearest kindred I feave on earth
are there, and buried beneath her soil sleep the
remains of all that have gone of my flesh and
blood. There is no one more desirous than
I am that the enmities of this war should be
forever buried, that its animosities should be
forgotten, and that the people of these States
should be bound together by the golden chains
of love. No one will go further than I shall to
accomplish it.
But, sir, I remember that I have a duty to
perform to the future. What has happened once
may happen again; and unless we of to-day
make np our minds to so build up that which has
been torn down, as that the causes that pro-
duced the rebellion shall be forever blotted out,
and the active agents in them disqualified from
hereafter participating in our national affairs,
we will leave to our children the same legacy
that our tathers left to us.
When these propositions were first submitted
I was disinclined to vote for any of them, and
especially when the distinguished chairman of
the committee undertook, Joshua like, to stop
the sun in his diurnal course, when he stated
that these resolutions should be passed upon
before the going down of the sun. But, sir,
after I had examined the subject carefully, I
became satisfied that the sooner they were dis-
posed of the better for the peace and quiet of
the whole country.
It appears to me, Mr. Speaker, that slavery
having been abolished, the basis of representa-
tion, as fixed upon by the Constitution, is not
only meaningless,but, if suffered to remain there,
• will work the grossest injustice, and result in
permanent injury to the interests of our country
hereafter. I cannot close my eyes to_the fact
that fifty-seven disloyal Representatives and
twenty-two disloyal Senators are quite enough
to " clog the wheels of Government," and be
able in aftertime to produce a revolution, peace-
ful, it may be, but as disastrous to the loyal
States as the war has been to the South.
That this clause was inserted in the interests
of slavery is apparent by reference to the debates
of the Convention that framed the Constitution,
and more particularly by reference to the re-
marks of Charles C. Pinckney in the convention
of the State of South Carolina. He says, page
355 Elliot, volume three:
" As we have found it necessary to give very exten-
sive powers to tliu Federal Government, both overthe
persons and estates of the citizens, we thought it right
to draw one branch of the Legislature immediately
from the people, and that both wealth and numbers
should be considered in thereprcsentation. We were
at a loss for some time for a rule to ascertain the pro-
portionate wealth of the States. At last we thought
that the productive labor of the inhabitants was the
best rule for ascertainmgtheirwealth. In conformity
to this rule, Joined to a spirit of concession, wo de-
termined that itepresentatives shouldbe apportioned
among the several States by adding to the whole num-
ber of free persons three fifths of the slaves. We thus
obtained a representation for ourproperty, and I con-
fess I did not expect that we had conceded too much
to the eastern States, when they allowed us a repre-
sentation for a species of property which they have
not among them.
" The numbers in the different States, according to
the most accurate accounts we could obtain, were:
New Hampshire    102,000
Massachusetts 300,000
Rhode Island  58,000
Connecticut  202,000
New York  238,000
New Jersey 188,000
Pennsylvania  360,000
Delaware  37,000
Maryland (including throe fifths of 80,000
negroes)   218,000
Virginia (including three fifths of 280,000 ne-
groes)  420,000
North Carolina (including three fifths of 60,000
negroes)    200,000
South Carotin a (including three fifths of 80,000
negroes)  150,000
Georgia (including three fifths of 20,000 nc-
grods)  90,000
It will be seen from this that the three-fifths
rule was to represent the slave property, and
nothing else. The slave property having now be-
come changed by the constitutional amendment
abolishing slavery, no State of this Union is any
longer entitled to have a representation for what
does not and cannot by the terms of the same
Constitution have any existence.
This being the case, the question is now pre-
sented, what basis shall be proposed to the
States for their ratification or rejection?
1 always considered that representation ac-
cording to population was the best and most cer-
tain way of apportionment. I see agreat many
difficulties in basing representation on voting
population, unless you say at the same time that
the qualification for electors shall be uniform in
all the States, so as to prevent one State from
manufacturing a class of voters that another
State would refuse to have; and yet I do not sec
how this can bo done unless you give the power
to Congress to regulate by general law the quali-
fication of voters for each State. This I am
opposed to, for the reason that it would bo de-
priving the States of one ol' their most precious
rights, and at the same time give to Congress
a {lower that would be dangerous in its appli-
cation. To have representation based on voting
population would be most unjust to such of the
loyal border States as were compelled to ingraft
clauses in their constitutions preventing such
of its citizens as were engaged in rebellion
against the Government from exercising^ the
elective franchise. Maryland and Missouri are
perhaps the only States that have laws to ex-
clude this class of disloyal persons. Kentucky,
I believe, had one, but repealed it; and the
repeal of that law by Kentucky has been a warn-
ing to Union men in my State to let it remain
as it is until rebels learn to breathe a spirit of
loyalty to the Government. Strenuous efforts
are now being made in my Stale to repeal that
law ; and public meetings have been held, bold
and defiant resolutions passed, and petitions
circulated and signed by all the rebels and rebel
sympathizers in the State, asking the Legisla-
ture to restore them to their rights, which they
say the Union men deprived them of.
Here is one of a number of the resolutions
lately passed at a meeting of these men in Bal-
timore, which will show the kind of reasoning
they resort to in demanding their rights:
"This convention, after having oo.refully deither-
ated, and having-ascertained what enlightened public
sentiment demands, now express their profound con-
viction thatit is the duty of the Legii-lature, atits pres-
ent session, to repeal the registration law passed in
March last, which hasbrought Inquisitorial power, in
its most odious and irresponsible form, to the fireside
of our citizens; which compels every man to giveevi-
denco agamst himself, under oath, as to the utterance
even of his private thoughts and sentiments ■within
the sacred circle of his own family, and which, whether
he confess or refuses to swear, equally declares him
degraded; which offers a premium to perjury and cor-
ruption1, and imposes penalties only upon the con-
scientious and tho truthful.
44 They further declare that thef<?urth section of the
first article of the constitution relating to the qualifi-
cation of voters, and prescribing a test oath for the in,
and theseventh section of thesarao article prescribing
a retrospective test oath for all State officers, are re-
pugnant to the spirit of tlieeonstitutioirof the United
States and to our own declaration of rights, and that
it is tho duty of the present Legislature to pass an
amendment of the constitution according to the terms
of the eleventh article of that instrument, abrogating
those odious and anti-republican piovisions, and to
submit that amendment to thepoopleatthenext gen-
eral election for ratification. And, as a measure of
immediate relief, this convention also declares that
the Legislature ought to pass an act, in conformity to
the provisions of tho constitution, restoring to his full
rights of citizenship every one who is deprived of this
by the terms of the fourth section of the lirstarticle of
the constitution."
Be it remembered; too, that some of these
men are the descendants of the soldiers of the
old Maryland line," whose contemporaries
passed laws to better secure the Government,
and to prevent the men who refused to aid our
revolutionary sires from participating in the
affairs of Government.
Here is an act passed by tlie General Assem-
bly of Maryland, October, 1777:
"Whereas in every State allegiance and protection
arc reciprocal, and no man is entitled to the one who
refuses to yield to the other; and as every inhabitant
of this State enjoys the protection and benefit of the
government and laws thereof, and as it is reasonable
that any person should givo testimony of his attach-
ment and fidelity to this State and the present gov-
ernment thereof as now established: Therefore,
"licit enacted, &c., That every free male person
within this State above eighteen years of age, unless
a Quaker, &e., shall, on or before the 1st day of March,
take, repeat, and subscribe the oath of fidelity and
support to this State, contained in the act entitled
4 An act to punish certain crimes,'" &c.
The following is the oath referred to :
" X will be true and faithful to the State of Mary-
land, and will, to tho utmost of ray power, support,
maintain, and defend the freedom and independence
thereof, and the government as now established,
against all open enemies and secret and traitorous
conspiracies, and will use my utmost endeavors to dis-
close and make known to the Governor or somc/ono of
the judges or justices thereof all treasons or traitorous
conspiracies, attempts, or combinations against tho
State or the government thereof, which may come to
my knowledge. So help me God."
And it will be found by reference to another
section of the law that every person neglect-
ing to take the oath was not only "mulct" in
heavy damages, but forever disqualified froiu
holding any office:
"Sec. 10. That every person ncglecting shall, for
and during lite, in all public and county assessments,
pay a tax treble tho tax which, by sueh public and
county assessments, shall be imposed upon every £100
worth of real or personal property within thiw State,
and so pro rata, which said tax shall be paid, collected,
and levied, <&e.
"Sec. 17. That every person chargeable with the
treble tax aforesaid shall be forever disabled and ren-
dered incapable to practice tholu w, physic, or.surgery,
or the art of an apothecary, or to preach or teach tho
Gospel, or to teach in public or private schools, or to
hold or exercise within this State any office of profit
or trust, civil or military, or to vote at any election of
electors or senators, or delegates to the House of Del-
egates, and, if any sueh person shall offend against
this act in any of the particulars above specified, ho
shall, for every such offense, forfeit and pay £5 for
every XI00 of property he shall be deemed worth
on the public assessment of all property within this
State."
Thousands of these men were disfranchised
after they had left a State that, thank God. was
true to the Union, and had joined the enemies
of the country, to fight your sons and brothers
in maintaining the Union. Is it for such men
as these, who desecrated the soil of Maryland
at Antietam and at South Mountain, and who
carried devastation and ruin in their track, des-
olating our fields and despoiling our homes is
it for such men to dictate to the people ot Mary-
land when and how and to what extent they
shall be allowed to vote? Is it for the men fa-
miliarly known and commonly called the ''rebel
Legislature at Frederick,''' who tor their direct
complicity in rebellion we taken military pos-
