1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
475
seen that lie enumerates the very rights belong*
ing to a citizen of the United States which are
set forth in the first section of this bill. He
Bays:
"The next question is, whether this act infringes
that section of the Constitution which declares that
tne_ citizens of each State shall be entitled to ail
privileges and immunities of citizens in the several
States?'_
/'The inquiry is, what are the privileges and immu-
nities of citizens in the several States? We feel no
hesitation in confining these expressions to those
privileges and immunities which are in their nature
fundamental; which helong of right to theeitixensof
all free Governments; and which have at all times
been enjoyed by tlio citizens of the several Stales
which compose this Union, from the time of their be-
coming free, independent, and sovereign. What these
fundamental principles arcitwould perhaps be more
tedious than difficult to enumerate. They may, how-
ever, be all comprehended under the following gen-
eral heads: protection by the Government; the enjoy-
ment oi lite and liberty, with the right to acquire and
possess property of every kmd; and to pursue and
obtain happiness and safety, subject, nevertheless, to
such restraints as the Government ma vjustlyprescn be
forthe general good of the whole. The mhtof a citi-
zen of one State to pji>,s through, or to reside in any
other State, i'or purposes of trade, agricultuie, piofes-
sional pursuits, or otherwise; to claim the benclit of
the writ of habeas corpus,- to institute and maintain
actions of any kind in the courts of the State; to take,
hold, anddisposeof property, either real or personal,
and an exemption fiom higher taxes or impositions
than are paid by the other citizens of the State, may
be mentioned as some of the particular privilege* and
immunities of citizens, which ate clearly embraced by
the general description of privileges deemed to be
fundamental; to which may he added the elective
franchise, as legnlated and established by the laws
or constitution of the State in which it i.^ to be exer-
cised."— CorJi'jhl vs. Coryell, 4 Wusl:ingtoiix Circuit
Court llcports, page 380.
This judge goes further than the bill under
consideration, and he lays it down as his opin-
ion that under this clause of the Constitution,
securing to the citizen of each State all the priv-
ileges and immunities of citizens of the several
States of the United States, a person who is a
citizen in one State and goes to another is even
entitled to the elective franchise; lint at all
events he is entitled to the great fundamental
rights of life, liberty, and the pursuit of hap-
piness, and the right to travel, to go whore he
pleases. This is a right which belongs to tlie
citizen of each State.
Now, sir, if that be so, this being the con-
struction as settled by judicial decisions to be
put upon the clause of the Constitution to which
I have adverted, how much more arc the native-
born citizens of the State itself entitled to these
rights ! In my judgment, persons of African de-
scent, born in the United States, are as much citi-
zensas white persons who arcbornin the country.
I know that in the slaveholding States a differ-
ent opinion has obtained. The people of those
States have not regarded the colored race as
citizen?, and on that principle many of their
laws making discriminations between the whites
and the colored people are based : but it is com-
petent for Congress to declare, under the Con-
stitution of the United States, who are citizens.
If there were any question about if, it would be
settled by the passage of a law declaring all
persons born in the United States to be citizens
thereof. That this bill proposes to do. Then
they will be entitled tn the rights of citizens.
And what are they? The great fundamental
rights set forth in this bill: the right to acquire
property, the right to go and come at pleasure,
the right to enforce rights in the courts, to make
contracts, and to inherit and dispose of prop-
erty. These are the very rights that are set
forth in this bill as appertaining to every free-
man.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. If the gentleman will
permit me, before he passes from this subject
[ should like him to explain, if these African.;
are not now citizens of the United States,where
is I he authority by law of Congress to make them
citizens ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Constitution of the
United States confers upon Congress the right
to provide uniform rules ot naturalization.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. For the admission of
foreigners.
Mr. THUMB ULL. Not necessarily of for-
eigners.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. Forthe naturalization
of foreigners, if 1 recollcct the language.
Mr. TRLTMBULL. If the Senator from West
Virginia will look into the statutes, he will find
that it lias happened in the history of the Gov-
ernment more than once that Congress by gen-
eial act has naturalized a whole people. I think
there was an act of that kind in reference to the
Stockbridge Indiana, an act of that character
making citizens of the United States of the peo-
ple of Texas and the people of Florida I think.
There have been several general laws of that
character; and the authority under the Consti-
tution of the United States to declare who shall
be citizens of the United States is, as I under-
stand, vested in Congress and nowhere else.
My friend from Massachusetts [Mr. Sumner]
has handed me the constitutional clause on this
subject, which declares that Congress shall have
power "'to establish a uniform rule of naturali-
zation.'' Nothing is said about foreigners.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. I perceived my mis-
take before the gentleman read the clause.
Mr. THUMB DLL. So, sir, I take it that it
is competent for Congress to declare these per-
sons to be citizens. They being now free and
citizens of the United States, as citizens they are
entitled, as I have undertaken to show, to the
great fundamental rights belonging to lice citi-
zens, and we have a riylit to protect, them in the
enjoyment of tliem.
Now, sir, referring again to that other clause
of the Constitution upon which there have been
judicial constructions, is it not manifest, that it
was competent for the Congress of the United
States to have passed a law that would have
protected Mr. Hoar, who went from Massachu-
setts to South Carolina for the purpose of test-
ing a question in the courts ? Would it not
have been competent; underthese decisions, for
Congress to have passed a, law punishing any
person who should have undertaken to deprive
him of this right, and to have vested the proper
authorities with power if necessary to call upon
the Army and Navy of the United Stales to
protect him inthis right ? i apprehend i1 would.
Then, under the constitutional amendment
which wehavenow adopted, and which declares
that slavery shall no longer exist, and which
authorizes Congress by appropriate legislation
to carry this provision into ell'ecl. I hold that
wc have a right to pass any law which, in our
judgment, is deemed appropriate, and which
will accomplish the end in view, secure freedom
to all people in the United Slates. The various
State laws to which I have referred—and there
are many ollieis—although they do not make a
man an absolute slave, yet deprive him of the
rights of a freeman ; and it is perhaps difficult
to draw the precise line, to say whore freedom
ceases and slavery begins, hut a law that does
not allow a colored person to go from one county
to another is certainly a law in derogation of the
rights of a freeman. A law that does not allow
a colored per.-on to hold property, does not al-
low him to teach, does not allow him to preach,
is certainly a law in violation of the rights of a
freeman, and being so may properly be declared
void.
Without going elaborately into this question,
as my design was to state rather than argue the
grounds upon which I place this bill, I will only
add 011 this branch of the subject that the clause
of the Constitution under which we are called
to act in my judgment vests Cougiess with the
discretion of selecting' thatappropriate legis-
lation' ' which it is believed will best accomplish
the end and prevent slavery.
Then, sir, the only question is, will iliis bill be
effective to accomplish the object, for the first
section will amount, to nothing more than the
declaration in .lie Constitution itself unless wo
have the machinery to carry it into effect. A
law is good for nothing without a penalty, with-
out a sanction to it. and that is to be found in
The other sections of tiiebilh The second sec-
tion provides:
That anyper-=on vho under color of any law, stat-
ute, ordinance, regalation, :>r eastern, shall subject or
ciusc to be subjected any inhabitant of any State or
Territory to the deprivation of any light seemed or
jnotecteilbvthis act, or to different punishment, pams,
or penalties on account of ,-uch personliaving at any
time been held in a condition of slavery or involun-
tary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, or
by reason of his color or race, than .is prescribed for
the punishment of white persons, shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and on conviction shall be
punished by fine not exceeding 81,000, or imprison-
ment not exceeding one year, or both, in the discre-
tion of the court. ^
This is the valuable section of the hill so far
as protecting the rights of freedmen is con-
cerned. That they are entitled to be free we
know. Being entitled to be free under the Con-
stitution, that we have a right to enact sueh
legislation as will make them free, wo believe;
and that can only he done by punishing those
who undertake to deny them their freedom.
When it comes to be understood in all parts of
the United States that any person who shall de-
prive another of any right or subject him to
any punishment in consequence of liis color or
race will expose himself to tine and imprison-
ment. I think such acts will soon cease.
I think it will only be necessary to go into the
late slaveholding States and subject to fine and
imprisonment one or two in a State, and the
most prominent ones I should hope at that, to
break up this whole business.
The Third section of the bill provides for giv-
ing to the courts of the United States jurisdic-
tion over all persons committing offenses against
the provisions of this act, and also overtlic eases
of persons who are discriminated against by _
State laws or customs. It provides further that
no person whose equal civil rights are denied
him in the State courts shall be tried by those
courts for any offense, but that he shall have a
right to remove his cause into the courts of the
United Slates, and be there tried if it be for an
offense against the laws of the United Slates, ac-
cording to those laws, and if it be for an offense
which is not provided for by the laws of the
United Stales,then according to the common law
as modified by the statutes and constitution of the
State where the offense is committed, so far as
they are not inconsistent with the Constitution
and laws of the United States.
The other provisions of this bill I shall not go
over in detail. Most of them are copied from
the late fugitive slave act. adopted in 1850 for
the purpose of returning fugitives from slavery
into slavery again. The act that was passed at
that lime for the purpose of punishing persons
who should aid negroes to escape to freedom is
now to be applied by the provisions of this bill
to the punishment of those who shall undertake
to keep them in slavery. Surely we have the
authority to enact a law as efficient in the in-
terests of freedom, now that freedom prevails
throughout the country, as wc had in the inter-
est of slavery when it prevailed in a portion of
the country.
Mr. COWAN. I should like to ask the hon-
orable Senator a question here. I have not had
an opportunity of examining the bill very fully;
but, as I understand the bill, this kind of case
might occur: the State judge might be honestly
of opinion that a State law was not in conflict,
with the United States law, and yet, as_J un-
derstand it, he may be dragged into the knifed
States court and punished in that court as a
criminal by fine and imprisonment. I would
ask if that, has been well considered ; if it is
supposed that that kind of practice will work
in t his country ? Would it not be better, i< this
man has mistaken the law and has executed
some law which is in e nflict with United States
laws, that a writ of error should lie to the Su-
preme Court of the Union, and have it cor-
rected in that way?
Mr. TRUMBULL. 1 believe that a bill is
pending on your table now to allow writs of
error in certain criminal cases to be taken to
the Supreme Court of tlie United States: but,
sir, tlie answer to the Senator from Pennsylva-
nia is this: it requires a union of act and inten-
tion to commit a crime. A man must intend to
commit if; and if an honest, judge misconceives
the law, and makes a mistake in judgment with-
out any intention to disregard the law, would
anyjuiy ill America convict him? He will be
in no danger.
Mr. COWAN. Then I will ask if that does
