476
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
, not come in conflict with another principle of
• law—whether a judge in a criminal court can
■ be held responsible for the integrity of his in-
\ tentions as to the decisions he makes ?
Mr. TRUMBULL. That would involve many
considerations, and they will be settled by the
courts -when they arise. If he is not respon-
sible, I have faith that the judges of the United
Stales courts will so decide. The bill provides
that persons who subject others to punishment
in consequence of race or color and not in con-
sequence of crime, shall themselves be pun-
ished, and that this maybe done in the United
States courts.
*! The various other provisions of this bill make
i it the duty of the marshals and deputy mar-
i shals, the commissioners of the United Stales
| courts, the officers and agents of the Freed-
i men'sBureau, the districtattorneys, and others,
" to be vigilant in the enforcement of the act.
They provide what fees shall be paid and the
manner of proceeding, just as efficiently, 1 be-
lieve, and not moi-o efficiently, than was pro-
vided by the old laws for the apprehension and
punishment of a person who aided a slave, to
escape ; and if thoselaws were constitutional,
, awl they were so held, this law must be con-
| stitutional.
  The last section of the bill provides "that it
shall be lawful for the President of the United
States, or such person as lie may empower for
that purpose, to employ such part of the land
or naval forces of the United States, or of the
militia, as shall be necessary to prevent the
violation, and enforce the due execution, of
this act." It. is in tended, if this bill becomes
a law, to clothe the officers chaiged with ^ex-
ecution with all the power necessary to make it,
effective. This last clause is a section copied
from a statute of 1838 in reference to another
subject. That it is competent to confer such
authority 1 have no doubt. The Constitution
itself says Congress shall have authority "to
provide for calling forth the militia to execute
the laws of the Union;" and whenever the civil
tribunals, in the ordinary course of proceedings,
are unable to enforce the laws it is compel,ent
to call to their assistance the Army and Navy
and the whole power ofthe Government, ifneed
be, to see that tho law is executed and observed.
With this bill passed into a law and efficiently
executed wc shall'have secured freedom in
fact and equably in civil richts to all persons
in tho United Slates. There will be no objec-
tion to this bill that it undertakes lo confer ju-
dicial powers upon some other authority than the
courts. It may be assailed as drawing to the
Federal Oo\eminent, powers that propeily be-
long to "States;" but 1 apprehend, right ly con-
sidered, il is not obnoxious to that, objection.
It will have no operation in any State, where the
laws are equal, where all persons have (lie same
civil rights without, regard to color or race. It
will have no operal ion in the State of Kentucky
when her slave code and all her laws discrim-
inating between persons on account of race or
color shall he abolished.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. I beg leave to ask (he
Senator how he interprets the term "civil
rights'^ in the bill.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The first section of the
bill defines what I understand to be civil rights:
the right to make and enforce contracts, to sue
and be. sued, and to give evidence, to inherit,
purchase, sell, lease, hold, and convey real and
personal property, and to full and equal benefit,
to all laws and proceedings for the security of
person and property. These T understand to
be civil rights, fundamental rights belonging to
every man as a free man, and which under the
Constitution as il now exists we have a right,
to protect every man in.
Mr. MeDOUGALL. Allow me to remark
that I think all those right'* should be conceded,
bo i understand that this bill does not go further
than to give protection to the enjoyment of life
and liber!}- and the pnrcnil of happiness and
the protection of the courts, and to have justice
administered to all? Do 1 understand'thai it
is not designed to involve the question of polit-
ical rights?
Mr.TRUMBULL. This bill liasnothingto do
with the political rights or status of parties. It
is confined exclusively to their civil rights, such
rights as should appertain to every free man.
Having stated this much in regard to the
object of the bill and its main features, I sub-
mit it to the Senate, and shall not further oc-
cupy its attention at the present time, and per-
haps not at all unless it should be to reply to
suggestions which may be made by others.
Mr. SAULSBURY. Mr. President, I regard
this bill as one of the most dangerous that was
ever introduced into the Senate of the United
States, or to which tho attention of the Ameri-
can people was ever invited. During the last
four or five years I have sat in this Chamber
and witnessed the introduction of bills into this
body which I thought obnoxious to many very
grave and serious constitutional objections; but
I have never since I have been a member of the
body seen a bill so fraught with danger, so full of
mischief, as the bill now under consideration.
Deeming it to be of this character, duty to my
country, duty to my State, duty to myself as a
man, as a citizen, and as a legislator, duty lo my
children, and duty to my fellow-citizens every-
where, demands that I should utter my protest
against its enactment into a law. Before, how-
ever, I proceed to consider it in the light of the
Constitution as it existed previous to the recent
amendment, let. me notice the basis of authority
for it as claimed by the honorable Senator irom
Illinois.
1 presume that honorable Senator would not
contend that, independently of thcconstitutionul
amendment, Congress had a right to enact'his
law, although 1 know that many have churned
powers equally extensive. But from the argu-
ment ofthe honorable Senator, I infer that the
sole basis of authority in his judgment forpassing
the bill is the amendment to the Constitution
ofthe United States abolishing slavery. If that
be so, it is admitted that before the adoption of
that amendment Congress had not, the right, to
enact such a law as this. Let us consider then
for one moment, whether the adoption of that
amendment gave to Congress such an authority.
What was that, amendment? That neither
slavery nor involuntary servitude should exist,
in the United Slates, except as a punishment
for crime whereof the party should have been
duly convicted. Now, here is a complete, an-
swer, in my judgment, to the argument of the
honorable Senator, based upon the authority
conferred by that amendment. Before and at
the time of I he adoption of that amendment the
people of the Uniicd States were composed of
persons of different races, the two main por-
tions of which were white ami black ; the whites
were free; a portion of the black population
were free and a portion were slaves. In the
Stale of Maryland about one half of the black
population were free and one half slaves. Ill
myown Slaie there were about ten freem groes
to one slave. In Kentucky and in most of the
sla\eholding States there were large free negro
populations, as we supposed.
[ should like to know whether persons be-
longing to the African race in the State of Mary-
land, and the. Slate of Delaware, and the other
slaveholding States, who had been emancipated
by their owners either by deed or will, or who
were never in bondage, wero, at the time of the
adoption of the constitutional amendment, free
or slave. Were they not freemen? What was
the objection urged by many against the enact-
ment. of the fugitive .slave law? It was that
under that enactment a iVcedmau—a free col-
ored man. a^ thoy,called him, a tree necrro, as I
uniformly call him—might be kidnapped, car-
ried far from his home, and reduced to slavery.
Had the Congress ofthe United States, previous
to the adoption of the tunc ndiuent. the power to
pas? this law, to say that the free negrne«in the
States of Maryland and 1 h da ware. and the other
slaveholding States, or the free negroes ail over
the United Slates, should be the equals of the
white man before the law. and potse.-s the pow-
ers which this bill proposes to confer? Had
you the power, before the enactment of thecon-
stitulional amendment, to pass such a law? if
you had not, did the passage of that amend-
ment, setting free that portion who were in sla-
very, and putting them ou an equality in refer-
ence to their stutus with the free negroes that
then existed in the United States, give j ou the
power to legislate beyond the persons you set
free and in reference lo the whole negro race in
the United States, a portion of which were free
before? Is the amendment to the Constitution
so potential that if there was but one slave ne-
gro in the United States you could, under and
by virtue of the clause which says you may carry
the amendment into effect by appropriate legis-
lation, bestow all the rights which this bill
proposes to bestow upon the whole free negro
population of the United States ? Sir, it needs
but a statement of the facts to show that under
the constitutional amendment, you have no such
power. If you have the power under it, you
had the power before the amendment, to do the
same thing in reference to that portion of the
negro population who were not in a state of
slavery but v ho were free.
Mr. President. I will not say that such an
exercise of power as is now proposed was not
contemplated by those whovotedfortheamend-
mcnt to the Constitution ; but certainly the) did
not avow it upon the floor of this Chamber. It
does not of itself declare, and human ingenuity
cannot torture it into meaning that the Congress
of the United States shall invade the States and
attempt to regulate property and personal rights
within the States any further than refers simply
and solely to the condition and stains of slavery.
I admilthat if instead of declaring thai, hereafter
neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall
exist in the United States exccpl as a punish-
ment for crime, whereof tho party shall have been
duly eomicted, it had declared that hereafter
there shall be no discrimination in civil rights
or immunities among the inhabitants of any State
or Territory ofthe United States on account of
race, color, orprcvious condition of slavery, but
the inhabitants of every race and coior, without
regard to any previous condition of slavery or
involuntary servitude except as a punishment
for crime whereof the parly shall have been duly
convicted, shall have the same right to make
and enforce contracts, to sue, be parties, and
give evidence, to inherit, purchase, lease, sell,
hold, and convey real and peisonal property—
if instead of being the amendment which you
passed it had been that, and if then it had said
that by appropriate legislation you might carry
such an amendment into effect, you would have
the power to pass appropriate acts to carry it
into effect, because your acts would have had
reference and relevancy to the subject-matter
of the amendment. Your acts then would have
been constitutional, because there would have
been a logical and lecal connection between your
amendment as it would in thai case have ex-
isted and your proposed acts to carry it into
effect. But Congress has passed no such con-
stitutional amendment as that. The Stateshave
simply said by adoptimr that amendment that
the status or condition of slavery in this country -
shall not, longer exist—the condition in which
one man belongs to another, which gives to that
other a right to appropriate the profits of his
labor to his own use and to control his person.
That is what it said : and it is said in reference
to thai, that you may by appropriate legislation
exercise power: and it has not said that you
may exercise power in reference to anything
ehc. The attempt, now under the power given,
which relates simply and solely to one subject-
matter.' the abolition of the status or condi-
tion of slavery, to confer civil rights which are
wholly distinct and unconnected with tho status
or condition of slavery, is an attempt, unwar-
ranted by any method or process of sound reas-
oning.
Mr. HOWARD. I wish to put a question to
tho honorable Senatorfrom Delaware, with his
permission; I do not intend to interrupt the
tenor of his remarks. My question is whether
the amendment of the Constitution does not
render persons who were formerly slaves free-
men, whether that be not its intention and
eflect in law ?
