1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1541
bill to encourage telegraphic communication
between the United States and the island of
Cuba and other West India islands and the
Bahamas."
THOMAS P. WILSON.
On motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Sen-
ate, as in Committee of the Whole, proceeded
to consider the bill (S. No. 146) for the relief
of Thomas F. Wilson, late United States con-
sul at Bahia, Brazil, which had been recom-
mitted to the Committee oil Commerce on the
14th of Starch and reported on the 10th, with
an amendment to strike out all of the original
bill after the enacting clause, and to insert in
lieu thereof the following:
That ihe Secretaiy of the Treasury he, and he is
hereby, authoii-zed to pay to Thomas K. Wilson, late
United States consul at Bain a, ^l,50i),outofany money
in the Tie,.~ury not otherwise appropriated, m lull
compensation lor extra .services, and fur all other
claims he may have against the Government, whilo
in the service ot the United States as consul.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FESSENDEX. I should like to have
gome explanation of the bill. 1 do not know
anything about it.
Mr. CHANDLER. It is the same bill that
was disputed hero the other day.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Is it the one in relation
to the culling out of the Florida at Bahia?
Mr. CHANDLER. Yes, sir.
The bill was reported to the Senate as amended,
and the amendment was concurred in. The bill
■was ordered lo be engrossed for a third reading,
was read the third time, and passed.
VESSELS I'Olt QUARANTINE PURPOSES.
Oil motion of Mr. CHANDLER, the Senate,
as ill Committee of the Whole, proceeded to
consider the joint resolution (II. R. No. )">7)
authorizing the Secretary of War and the Sec-
retary of the Navy, respectively, in their discre-
tion, to place gratuitously at the disposal of the
commissioners of quarantine, or the proper
authorities of any of the ports of the United
States, to be used by them temporarily for
quarantine purposes, such vessels or hulks be-
longing to the United States as are not required
for other uses of the national Government, sub-
ject to such restriction,-, and regulations as the
Secretaries may respectively deem necessary to
impose for tlu-ir preservation.
Mr. GRIMES. I move to amend the reso-
lution in the third line by striking out the words
"and the Secretary of the Navy," so that the
resolution will authorize the Secretary ot War
to place at the disposal ot these quarantine
authorities such vessels under his charge as
m.iv not lie required for Government uses.
Mr. CHANDLER. I hope that amendment
will not prevail.
Mr. GRIMES. I have but a word to say in
behalf of this amendment. In the first place,
I suppose this resolution is intended for the
benetit of the harbor of New York. I do not
know any reason why this Government, if wc
had the vessels, should furnish them to one
particular harbor, or to a particular city, to the
exclusion of another.
Mr. MORGAN. Is that the character of this
resolution?
Mr. GRIMES. I suppose so from the use of
the words eommissionersofquarantme.'' and
New York I understand to be the only place
■where they have those commissioners. This
resolution was inspired by gentlemen in New-
York, as I understand. The effect of it will be,
in the first place, to create dissensions among
the different Atlantic cities, and other cities
too, which ought to be protected against, chol-
era as much as the city of New Y'ork. In th#
second place, it holds out the idea to the peo-
ple of the city of New Y'ork and these other
cities that the Government has ships and ves-
sels that they can furnish for this specific pur-
pose, and thej' have not got one. There is not
a hulk nor a shi'p-of-war that can be employed
for this purpose, and if we had them, they
ought not to be employed for this purpose, be-
cause it will entirely rum them.
I know it will be answered that this resolu-
tion merely ''authorizes" the Secretaries ot
War and of the Navy to detail these vessels.
That is true; but wo all know that if you pass
this resolution they will be importuned from
the moment of its passage by the people in-
terested in having these vessels detailed for
this purpose, and they will have a very great
power of resistance if they are able to resist
the demand that they shall comply with it in
some way or other. They cannot comply with
it, and you will only pu-t these executive offi-
cers of the Government in a condition where
they will be abused and maligned for not com-
plying with the law, when those of us who are
familiar with the subject know that it will be ab-
solutely impossible for them to comply with it.
I know that the Secretary of War has two or
three vessels. He has got the Illinois—and I
believe he has turned that vessel over to the
quarantine commissioners of New York—a very
huge steamship, pretty nearly worthless, but
valuable perhaps for this particular purpose.
I have not a word to say against the Secretary
of War turning her over to the quarantine au-
thorities of New York. They have her now,
and so far as 1 am concerned, tlicy may keep
her; and 1 am willing to change this resolution
so as make it confirm that act of the Secretary
of War ; but 1 do not wish to put the execu-
tive otficers of the Government in the condition
in which 1 know this resolution will place them
if it should become a law. Sir, it is not our
business to furnish vessels-of-war for any such
purpose as this. If you want to establish quar-
antine, if it is necessary that the General Gov-
ernment should do it, bring in such measures
as are legitimate and proper; employ commer-
cial vessels if that is the kind of system you
want to inaugurate; but do not undertake to
convert the Navy of the United States, the
armed ships of the Government, into hospital
ships.
Mr. CHANDLER. This resolution has no
more application to the city of New York than
to any other city. The language of it is:
The eomnnsMoneis of quarantine, or the proper
authorities of any ot the ports of the United States.
If the Secretary of the Navy has no ships
that he can loan to the commissioners of quar-
antine or the commissioners of health for this
purpose, I do "not, see that there is any harm
done by granting him the permission to do
what it, is utterlj impossible, as the Senator
says, for him to do. The object uf the res-
olution is, that in case of a sudden alarm, as
last fall, for example, when a ship laden with
cholera made its appearance in New York har-
bor, should such a ship appear in New Orleans
or in Charleston or Norfolk or Baltimore, or
in any of the other of our sea-ports, laden with
cholera, having no cholera hospital prepared,
this ship or hulk, or whatever it may be, that
is not in requisition by the Department, may be
turned over to the use of the health commis-
sioners in that particular locality. I am told
that in the harbor of New York they have to-
day the North Carolina, capable of holding one
thousand persons in case of necessity. I hope
that no ship will ever be called for. I hope
the cholera will never make its appearance;
i but it may. If, from the lack of a ship that
I the Navy Department had on hand, for exam-
; pic, the North Carolina in the harbor of New
! York, the cholera should be landed and thou-
j sands of lives should be sacrificed, I think the
t Senator would peihaps blame himself for liav-
i it)g opposed this resolution. There is certainly
{ no harm in it, for it merely grants the permis-
1 si on in ease the Secretaries of War and of the
! Navy have the ships. That is all there is in it.
j Mr. GRIMES. The remark which the cliair-
| man of the Committee on Commerce has just
I dropped with regard to the North Carolina
| shows, I will not say the ignorance, but, the ab-
j sence of knowledge with which we are atlempt-
| ing to legislate here. He speaks of the North
I Carolina as being an old hulk. Why. sir, she is
the receiving ship at, that station, and has been
used for that purpose during the winter, and
has to-day from twelve to fifteen hundred men
on board of her, and they are compelled to be
kept on board of her. Is it proposed by the
chairman of the Committee On Commerce *to
take that, vessel away from the Navy j^epart-
ment and use her for quarantine purposes?
Can he name any other vessel within the reach
and control of the Secretary of the Navy that
can be used iu this way ? I want the chairman
of the Committee on Commerce, who has now
a considerable fleet under his command of rev-
enue cutters and so ou, to keep command of
his own squadron, and not interfere with the
jurisdiction of other people. If it is necessary
that he should use these vessels, if there must
be a marine patrol established or hospital ships,
let him take the revenue cutters. Some of
them are largo, airy, beautiful, and well adapted
for this purpose—quite as well adapted as most
of the naval vessels arc. This is a commer-
cial measure. What I object to is that he shall
come in and intrude upon other people's man-
ors and undertake to take away the armed ships
of the country and convert them into hospitals.
1 knew the argument would be urged, as it is
urged by him, that this only confers an author-
ity, and does not impose any obligation' upon
the part of the Secretaries. But if you pass
this bill you will have all the commissioners of
police and two thirds of the city council of New
York down here in less than twenty-four hours
importuning the President or the Secretary of
War and the Secretary of the Navy, and abus-
ing every man who, as they think, thwarts their
views on the subject or prevents vessels being
handed over to their keeping.
Mr. WILSON. I thought they had one.
Mr. GRIMES. They have one, the Illinois,
belonging to the War Department, an immense
ship, larger than any of our naval vessels. Let
them keep her if they want, her. I do not want
to reclaim her, I think she is performing as
valuable service there as she will anywhere
else, if 1 understand the character of the ship,
and 1 think I do. But if we arc going to do
this for New York, shall we not do it for Port-
land? Shall we not do it for Boston and Phila-
delphia? Shall we not send the Michigan up
to Detroit, as a quarantine vessel at Detroit?
Will not these oilier cities and towns present
just as strong claims as the city of New York?
Mr. NYE. I always differ with great diffi-
dence with the chairman of the Naval Commit-
tee ; but, sir, it seems to me tliatttiis is a reso-
lution that addresses itself to theliumanity of
this nation. The resolution is based upon
the hypothesis that the cholera in its diead
inarch will follow the tracks that it did iu for-
mer years. It astounds and paralyzes this
whole nation in viewing at a distance the con-
sternation that must come with it.
Mr. GRIMES. It came by way of New
Orleans the last time.
Mr. NYE. It came from the East. By what
particular route it came I do not now remem-
ber ; but it came here, as I well remember. It
seems to me that the Navy of this nation, if
the necessities of the occasion demand it, could
bo no better employed in any way than in pro-
tecting the lives of our people. It is the duty
of this nation to put into the hands of the
proper authorities all the means that it pos-
sesses to shield and ward off this terrible dis-
ease and malady with which we are threatened.
The Senator from Iowa inquired from the Sen-
ator from Michigan if he would send the Michi-
gan on Lake Erie to Detroit upon police duty?
The Senator from Michigan did not answer,
but I will assume to answer it for him. If the
protection of the lives of the inhabitants of
Detroit require it, send it by all moans. It is
on Government business, and the greatest of
all the business of Government is to protect
the lives of its people.
Sir, I am sorry lo see this quibbling upon all
these questions, without inquiring what certain
ships shall do or what shall be done with them.
I am not afraid to trust the man at, the head of
the Navy Department and clothe him with this
discretion. If this pestilence comes like the
wind, as it came before, and the pest-houses
of Now York or of Portland are full, and the
people are dying in the streets, for G-o(Ys sake
will not this nation have magnanimity enough
