1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
61
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Basis of Representation—Mr. Hogan.
Ho. of Reps.
That this is so can be seen by reference to the j
third section of article three of the constitution !
of Maryland of 1850, where it says that repre-
sentation shall be apportioned according to the
population of each county, while in the new
constitution of 186-1, section four of article
three provides "that the white population of
the State shall constitute the basis of represen-
tation."
Under the old constitution the negroes, free
and slave, were counted as population. Under
the new constitution neither male nor female
colored are counted, but the white population
exclusively.
By the census of 1860 Maryland contained,
as a portion of her population, thirty-nine thou-
sand seven hundred and forty-six free colored
males, and forty-four thousand three hundred
and thirteen slave males, making in all eighty-
fonr thousand and fifty-nine free coltfred males.
The most of these are contained in what are
known as the first and fifth congressional districts
of the State, so that, conceding that Maryland
would lose one Representative, the loss of that
one would cause such a change in the recon-
struction of the congressional districts as that
the loyal element will be more evenly diffused
where the formerly disloyal predominated.
But it is not at all likely that Maryland will
lose any Representative, for, so soon as the
people of the North find that we are in earnest
m our endeavors to place our State on the firm
foundations of right, her enterprise and her peo-
ple will flood in upon us and fill up what may be
temporarily occasioned by the operation of this
amendment.
This amendment commends itselfto my mind
in another particular. By the amendment, offered
by the gentleman from Ohio, which bases Rep-
resentatives on the number of male citizens who
are allowed to vote in any State, it inight have
had the effect of forcing the repeal of the law
referred to, because as disloyal people are not
allowed to vote, neither would they have been
counted in the representation.
By the provisions of the amendment of the
committee it is only when "the franchise is
denied or abridged on account of race or color
that all persons of such race or color" are ex-
cluded from the basis. Now, we do not exclude
Such as took part in the rebellion on account
of their race or color, but on account of their
disloyalty, without regard to race or color, so
that all such persons are still counted as a part
of the basis just as though they voted.
In conclusion, Mr. Speaker, I desire to say
that I am fully alive to the fact that the vote I
am about to give will cause to be heaped upon
me all the bitter venom and vile abuse of the
secesh press of my city and State. I ask no
favors from them and expect none. _ If I re-
ceived their friendship I should begin to sus-
picion that I was not " acting in the strict line
of my duty" in standing firm and true to the
cause which I expouso and which they oppose.
When I consented to run as the candidate of
the Union men of my district for this body, I
told them that if it became apparent to me
that the professions of our southern brethren
were not sincere, that they were trying to get
back into the Union under false pretenses, that
they had the rebel still rankling in their hearts,
I would reserve to myself the right, while I
took them by the hand, to stand true to my
country.
Sir, I am convinced from what has transpired
in Virginia and elsewhere, and even in my own
State, that the only difference between the men
who twelve months ago were defying the con-
stituted authorities is, that then they had arms
in their hands and armies in the field, now they
have neither, but the disposition to have both ;
ay sir, they have the determination to seize
hold of the political power, and to use it if pos-
sible to punish those who have made them sub-
mit to the laws.
I have been too true in my devotion to my
country in the past to consent that their un-
hallowed hands shall again be allowed to seize
the helm of the "old ship of state." Four
years of carnage and blood has taught me who
the friends of the Republic are, and in their
hands I hope it Inay remain.
I do not know, sir, whether my course in this
matter will' be indorsed by my constituents or
my State. If it be, then I shall be gratified to
know that the sentiments I have uttered have
been the l-efleJt of their loyal feeling. If such
be not the case, I shall at least have the proud
satisfaction of knowing that my course here to-
day has been prompted by no other motive than
a conscientious conviction of a duty I owed to
my country and to posterity. I would rathef
retire from these Halls covered all over with
the curses and anathemas of the whole people
of my State, feeling that I had acted and voted in
so reconstructing this Government as that here-
after no power exerted by the South can ever
disturb the harmony of the Union, than to re-
ceive their praises and hallelujahs, knowing
that I had yielded "one jot or tittle" of thfe full
measure of the solemn l'esponsibility expected
of every loyal man.
Basis of Representation.
SPEECH"OF HON. JOHN HOGAN,
OT MISSOURI,
In the House of Representatives,
January 30, 1866,
On tlie proposition to amend the Constitution of the
United States, apportioning representation and
taxation.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, this session
of Congress has now continued for nearly two
months. VVe have just passed through a war
the most terrible in history, one in which im-
mense armies have been gathered and dreadful
battles fought. To meet its vast expenditures
taxes hitherto unknown in our country have
been levied, and for the accomplishment of the
great objects had in view the whole people have
cheerfuilv responded to all the vast demands of
their Government. Uncomplainingly they have
acquiesced in all your measures of excise, tariffs,
internal revenue, &c., your issuance of paper
credits, and the consequent enhancement of all
values, until even the jvealthy of your land have
found your Numerous taxes requiring a full tithe
of all their incomes to pay your demands, and
the medium and poorer classes arc almost ab-
solutely unable to live under their exactions.
Yet all" these burdens the people of this country
have cheerfully borne, feeling that the great
object had in view, namely, the preservation ot
our glorious Constitution, and the Union formed
under it, as an inheritance for them and their
posterity forever, was wortli3r of the expendi-
ture; and also because they believed the de-
mands thus made upon them would be but tem-
porary, would soon, with the close of the "war
for the Union," cease, and although, from the
magnitude of the operations, there would ne-
cessarily be a heavy increase of taxation for all
time to come, yet there would be some ameliora-
tion of its burdens, and those least able to bear
it would be freed in some sort from its onerous
demands, and they with great propriety looked
forward to this Congress,_to_ this Union Con-
egress, having so large a majority of those claim-
ing to be, par excellence, the Union party, the
friends of humanity, to do somethingto reduce
the oppressive burdens.
Burt sir, during these two months of our ses-
sion they have looked in vain. There are in
this country over twenty million white persons
who have been paying the taxes and bearing
theseburdens of the Government, and the mem-
bers of this House are their Representatives ;
and yet they seem to be wholly ignored, not
thought of, and no measure for their relief
brought forward in this House during all this
session. _
There are other questions of great and vital
interest to very many of tho people, which gftrw
legitimately ont of the war in which we hftva
been engaged, which demand the attention of
this House. Look for a moment at, the de-
mands for pensions. Those who were their
chief support now lie "beneath the clods of
the valley." Fathers, sons, husbands, fell in the
deadly strife, leavihg loved ones as dear to them
as life, dependent now upon the cold charities
of the world. They supposed when their last
dying thoughts reverted to the loved ones at
home that they would find support from the
paternal Government for whose 'glory and flag
and the perpetuation of whose unity they sac-
rificed life itself. And theti, agaih, look at your
multitudes of maimed and disabled and bfoken-
down defenders who are found in all parts of
your land suffering, and thany of them begging
from the passefs-by a little pittance to aid in
supporting their existence. \V hat are you doing
for these multitudes?
I have felt humiliated when, passing through
the streets of our large cities, I have beep
stopped by a maimed veteran wearing the uni-
form of my country and bearing on his breast
the badge of his corps, yet begging each passer-^
by for something to meet his daily demands.
Yet we, the people's Representatives, have
wasted precious time without apparently mak-
ing any effort, for relieving either of these most
meritorious classes.
Then, again, there is another class that re-
quire some consideration. Multitudes of meti
entered the service of their country in the
beginning of the war solely from patriotic mo-
tives, firmly believing that their services Were
required for the safety and perpetuity of their
beloved country. They volunteered in its de-
fense. They did not demand or even expect
bounties ; they left home and family and busi-
ness and worldly prospects, cheerfully to endure
the hardships of a soldier's life, to aid in saving
their country from peril. They endured hard-
ship as good soldiers, and for three years and
more they labored for the accomplishment of
the end they had in view at the beginning, the
"preservation of the Union." Many of these
men were subjected to very great privations at
the early period of this strife, because there was
no adequate provision then made by tho Gov-
ernment for their equipment and sustenance,
yet they bore it all, and went forth to battle
for their flag. Many survivors of these early
regiments now ask that the bounties and ben-
efits conferred on those who, at a much later
date and under more favorable auspices, entered
the service of their country, be conferred on
them. And, sir, do they ask too much? ThesG
were the men " who bore the burden in the heat
of the day." But they are unheeded. Unfor-
tunately for them they are only white men.
Tliev have no great sympathising party so sus-
tain'their claims. They are not "the wards of
the nation." Their interests are all identified
with the white race, and in this country now
that race is only fit. to be taxed. And all these
measures and interests are. irquired to " bide
their time," and stand without any consider-
ation, while the gleat American Congress in
both its branches attend to the more important
and interesting and virtually absorbing sub,feet
of the better citizens, the African race, now
just released from the fetters of slavery.
There is still another matter by some re-
garded as important—I tnean the recuperation
of the country from the Waste and desolations
of the war. The people of the United States
have a right to expect that this Congress will
devote itself to some effort at least to repair
the waste of the past four years, in which inn-
lions of men were engaged in destroying. k"">
if this destruction has been confined clne.iy to
one section of the country, "if desolation,
like a plowshare," has been driven all through
the southern portion of the land; if from the
Potomac to tho Rio Grande farms and houses
and agricultural implements have been burned
and destroyed; still, that is a portion of our
