478
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
izenship. I know of no elcarcr definition of
civil rights than that; the rights which I have
by reason of the law of tho State under which
I live, whether they be rights secured by the
fundamental law, the constitution of the State,
or be secured by enactments of the Legislature.
The right to vote is not a natural right; I did
not possess it by nature, I only possess it by
virtue of law. The constitution of the State,
which is the fundamental law, bestows it *, it
says when I arrive at the age of twenty-one
years, and have resided in that State for one
year, I shall have the right of voting. 1 possess
it in no other manner. I hold it by no other
tenure. It is conferred upon me by law. It
is a right derived from law, and it pertains to
me as a citizen of my State ; and pertaining to
me as a citizen of ray State, it is a civil right,
and is a right of no other class or character.
Sir, can there be any doubt about this, when
you look at the very frame of this bill and con-
sider the words which it employs? If the hon-
orable Senator from Illinois had not disclaimed
such an intention when the question was pro-
pounded to him by the honorable Senator from
California, I should have thought that he could
not have taxed his ingenuity to a greater ex-
tent than it seems to have been taxed if he had
meant to secure the right of voting to the ne-
groes. Let us read this first section. Tl;iere is
a cat in this tub of meal, and I want to frighten
the eat out of the tub if 1 caunot get it out in
any other way:
That there shall be no discrimination in civil rights
or immunities amoiiK the inhabitants of any State or
Xeiritory of the Hinted Staler on account of race,
color, or r>rcv-iou-s fundi. ion of -da very : but the inhab-
itants of eveiy race and color, without repaid to anv
pro\ iouM-onditum ofshivery ot involuntary servitude,
except a* a iHuu>liniont tor <. t hue whereof the party
shall have boon duly convicted, shall have the same
right—
Now. here is what the honorable Senator says
he means by it, and no doubt he does ; but the
question is not what, he means, but what the
courts will say the law means—
shall have the same right to make and enforce con-
tracts, to sue, be parties. and pivc evidence, to inherit,
purchase, loa^o, soil, hold, and convoy real and pei-
sonal inopcrty,—
Thai is where the Senator proposes to limit
the civil rights of the ne^roe^, to those rights
speeiiieally named. But the hill goe< on—
and to full and equal benefit of alt law-? and proceed-
ings for the security of person and property.
What, is properly? It has been judicially
decided that the eleeiive franchise is property.
Leaving out tho, question of \olin<r, however,
as a question of properly, is it not true thai
under our republican form and system of gov-
ernment tin1 ballot is one of the modes of se-
curing property, one of the means by which
property is secured? Your bill gives "to these
persons every security for the protection ot per-
son and properly which a white man has. What
is oik! means and a very important, means of
securing the rlghN of person and properly? It
is a voice in tho Govermrtrjii which makes the
laws regulating and governing tho right of prop-
erly. (rndei on: svslem of go\ci niueul—maik
you. ( do not say th.it it is ?.o under,ill (bv.em-
menls—one of the ."-tron^est and most eilieient
means for the security of person and property
is a participation in the selection of those who
make the laws. It was therefore that I thought
thai the honorable Sen at or when he framed this
bill meant to give to the^e persons the right of
votmg; and 1 should still think so, bat for his
personal d'selabner of any such object.. One
of the authorities which the Senator read de-
cides, as I understand it, that the second sec-
tion of the fourth article of the Constitution,
which says that "the cill/ens of each Stale
shall be entitled to all privih •eos and immuni-
ties oi citizens imhe several States," entitles a
ciuzeii (' i one State removing mio another to
a right to vote alter acquiring a legal resilience
in such State. Was it tor this reason and to
secure thii right to negroes that the Senator
amended his bill this morning by declaring that
all peivjns of African descent born in the Uni-
ted States .shall be citizens of the United Slate*?
But, Mr. Presulent, whether the bill does
give the right of voting or not, the bill is un-
constitutional, because it assumes jurisdiction
over subject-matters of which Congress has no
jurisdiction : and what are these? Property
within the States ; authority over the judicial
tribunals in the administration of law in the
States ; a denial to the States of their power of
police regulation. Xow that the war is over,
in tho language of loyal men I had almost said
—but 1 find that the Attorney General, whom
my friend from Iventuck}' [5lr. Davis] loves
so well, says it is not over, although hostili-
ties have ceased, and although the President,
whom 1 presume is loyal, says it is over; but as-
suming that the war is over, I presume it will
not be disloyal to say what I propo.se to say. i
have no enemy of yours to fly to with arms in
his hand to injure you, and therefore I maybe
trusted now with the utterance of an opinion
upon this floor without being subject to that
withering appellation '• disloyal.''
Sir, did you evei think to which you owed the
most of the protection of life, liberty, and prop-
erty, to your Federal 0 overnmeni or to your
State government? I know—and I will not
allow myself to be charged with uttering an un-
becoming remark in this respect—X know tho
great advantage whieb the Federal Onion has
been to the people of this country and to the
people of this whole country. I know that by
being members of this Federal Union each
State had a sure protection against the assaults
of more powerful I'oes. 1 know that in the
words, ''tin) United States of America," there
was not only a charm for the citizen, but there
was a terror to the foes of every citizen. Tho
Union of these States was designed to give this
general protection, but. never designed for the
purpose of reaulaimg the internal atlairs of the
Stales or seeming to the eiu/.en the possession
• of his person and property and liberty within
the limits of a State. There ha^ not been a
time since the formation of (he Federal Union,
when if it had been peuceabl\ dissolved it might
not have been so dissolved without society
scarcely receiving a shock ; the laws for the reg-
ulation of property, the laws regulating the
descent and transmission of properly, the laws
protecting the citizen in his rights of person, in
liis security, would have been in full force within
tho States, would have been administered ill
peace and ipiietness. and ail the great, interests
of the citizens of the State would have been in
securely protected, except, as against foieign
foes, as though (hat. Union had existed. But
there has never been a time when if the State
governments had been destro\ed society would
not, have been reduced to chaos. And yet, sir,
these States thus securing to the citizen all his
rights of person and property, and reserving
to themselves out of the powers granted to
the General Government these rights of pro-
tection to their eiti/ens, these States which
never granted or meant to grant, to the Federal
tiovernnient any such authority, find them-
selves by ihis bill invaded and defrauded of the
right of determining who shall hold propeity
and who shall not within its limits, who shall
sue and be .^ucd. and who shall give-evidence
in its courts. All these things are taken out
of the control of the Stnte.> by tile paramount,
authority of this bib, if it be a constitutional
bill, and the power is given tothe Federal Con-
gress to determine these tilings, the will of a
State to the contrary notwithstanding.
Mr. President, this bill not only proposes to
assume control over the laws which shall govern
title to estates, but also to determine the per-
sons who shall be entitled to enjov estates and
property within the States, and if von can do
thi.- as to a portion of that property, any par-
ticular species of it, yon can do so as to the
whole: if you can regulate and govern in one
particular, you ran govern m reference to all
the property and all the inteiest .of the ,States.
If you can determine who shall hoi,1 property
in a State then you can enact V.vsfor the pro-
tection of the owner in its }>;j• session. Then
also you can determine who shall not hold
property within a State. If you can say who
shall sue or give evidence in the courts of a
State then you can determine, who shall not sue
or give evidence in such courts. Sncli an as-
sumption of power on the part of Congress
ought to arouse the people of the whole coun-
try to a sense of impending danger. Let them
take warning in time. But, sir, this bill posi-
tively deprives the State of its police power
of government. In my State 1'or many years,
and I presume there are similar laws in most
of the southern States, there has existed a law
of the State based upon and founded in its police
power, which declares that free negroes shall
not have the possession of lire-arms or ammu-
nition. This bill proposes to take away from
the States this police power, so that if in any
State of this Union at anytime hereafter there
shall be such a numerous body of dangerous
persons belonging to any distinct race as to en-
danger the peace of the State, and to causo
the lives of its citizens to be subject to their
violence, the State shall not have the power to
disarm them without disarmingthe whole popu-
lation. Is this within yourconstitutional power
and authority? 'Where did you get it? Are the
utterances which come to us from the highest,
judicial tribunal, which sits but a few feet off,
of no account here? Are not the declarations
of those who assisted in framing this Constitu-
tion to be of any avail here? 1 suppose not,
for I suppose it is a foregone conclusion that
this measure, as one of a series of measures, is
to be passed through this Congress regardless
of all consequences. But the (lay that the Pres-
ident of tlie United States places his approval
and signature to that Freedmen's Bureau bill
and to this bill, he will have signed two acts
more dangerous tothe liberty of his country-
men, more disastrous to the citizens of this
country, than all nets which liave been 'passed
from the foundation of the Government to this
present hour; and if we upon this hide of the
(Ihatnbei manifest anxiety and interest in refer-
ence; to these bills and the questions itnolved
in thetn, it is because ha', ing known this popu-
lation all our lives, knowing them in one hour
of our infancy better than you gentlemen have
known them all your lives, wc feel compelled
by a sense of duty, earnestly and importunately
it may be, to appeal to the judgment of the
American Senate, and to reach, if possible, the
judgment of the great mass of the American
people, and invoke their attention to the awful
consequences involved in measures of this char-
acter. Sir, stop, stop ; the mangled, bleeding
body of the Constitution of your country lies in
your path ; yon are treading upon its bleeding
body when you pass these laws.
But, sir, let. me call your attention for a mo-
ment to what are the powers of tlie States under
tho Federal Constitution, and what it, is they do
not and never did intend to surrender to tho
Federal Government.
The Federalist speaking on this subject says:
"Tho powers reserved to tho several States will ex-
tend to alt the objects which, in tho ordinary c*ouiso
oi'affairs concern the 1) ve>, liberties, and propei ties
of the peopb\ and tho internal order, improvement,
and pro&penty of tho State."
I cite that to show that, in the judgment of
the men who made the Constitution all these
powers embraced in your bill are reserved to
the States and to the States exclusively, because
certainly they concern the l.\es, liberties, and
properties of the people. In the ease of Gib-
bons iv>\ Ogdcn, :) Wheaton, -03, the court say,
speaking of the police powers of a State :
"Thoy form a portion of that immense ma?s of
legislation wh'ch embraces: everything within the
terr.toryof a State not ,murenihred to the General
(•oyernnient, all -which can he most advantageously
[ exen-'-M d by th:Sta(  tln-m-elves, Inspection laws
i on,irani ene lav-., heabh hu^ of everv uc-'eriiuion, as
| well a^ laws lor re^ulatms the internal commerce of
I a,state."
In the case of the City of Xcw York cs. Miln,
in 11 Wheaton, the court say:
" \Ve choose rather to plant ourselves on whnt we
foiiMfltT imp} equable positions. They aro those:
tn.'f n Si-it e hn<, f In1 xiiYie undeniable and unlimited
jmi-'du-tion evor all pei>on< and tiling- within us
terruoiial PmiL- a* any fin rijni nation, win ro that
j''rf-<bc.u<tn i- not snrr^ndoied or rc>tr.-iineu by tno
Constitution of the United States.
" That by virtue of this it w not only the right but
the botiDclen and solemn duty of a State to advance
