1866.
TH]2 CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1543
Mr. FESSENDEN. I make no objection
to the passage of tliis bill, but I think tlicre
ought to be a proviso in it to this effect:
Provided, The Secretary of the Treasury shall be
safiauul of the destruction of these notes.
I thinkthat in these cases there ought always
to be an examination by the Secretary of the
Treasury. An examination by a committee of
Congress on affidavits is very liable to prove
deceptive. I think that amendment ought to
be made, so that the Secretary of the Treasury
shall not issue the new notes until on exami-
nation he becomes satistied of the loss or de-
struction of the notes referred to which are to
bo replaced.
Then 1 would suggest to the honorable chair-
man of the Committee on Claims whether it is
not best to have a general law on the subject
that will cover these special cases. The cases
are constantly occurring of the loss or destruc-
tion of notes and bonds bj' accident. Senators
may think that it is best to keep the matter
within the control of Congress and to pass spe-
cial acts to meet the respective cases; if so,
of course I shall not urge the suggestion ; but
1 know the inconvenience which arises from
the fact that there are many of these applica-
tions growing out of losses by fire and wreck,
&e. If there was a general law on this subject
which was sufficiently guarded, it might save
considerable trouble here, leaving the entire
examination to take place in another quarter.
Mr. NESM1TH. I have no objection to any
amendment tins Senator from Maine may sug-
gest as necessary to prove completely the fact
of the destruction of these notes in this case.
There is no doubt of their loss. Besides, the
parties are to give a, bond in the penalty of
S20,000, to secure the Government against all
loss.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not think those
bonds are any security.
Mr. NESMIT1T. There may be difficulty in
framing a general law, and this case ought not
to be delayed till such a law can be secured.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I do not propose to
interfere with this bill on that ground; I do not
think it ought to wait after having gone through
the committee. I only made the suggestion for
the consideration of the Committee on Claims.
Mr. CLARK. 1 noticed as the bill was read
that by its provisions the Secretary of the Treas-
ury is not only authorized but he is required to
issue new notes in this case. 1 was about to
propose that the words "and required" be
stricken out of the bill, so that the Secretary
shall be merely authorised to do it, and then of
course lie would do it unless he was satisfied that
it ought not to be done.
1 desire to say that the Committee on Claims
examine cases of this kind with great care.
They examine them not only with such evi-
dence as is before the committee, but in each
case they take pains to send to the Treasury
Department anil ascertain if there is any infor-
mation there on the subject. In this particular
ease we sent to the Treasury Department and
got such information as they had. We ascer-
tained there that nothing had ever been heard
of the notes or of the coupons, so that there
remains very little doubt that they were lost.
There is a difficulty in framing a general act
to meet cases of tins kind, though it would be
very desirable if it eoald bo done. It would
save the committee a great deal of labor, be-
cause. these are claims which require to be ex-
amined with great care. I have not the least
objection to the amendment suggested by the
Senator from Maine, if he thinks it desirable;
but if we strike out the words "and required.''
1 think the amendment suggested by him will
hardly be necessary. What we all desire is,
that the Treasury should be guarded, and that
new bonds should not be issued in any ease
until it is satisfactorily ascertained beyond
question that the old ones had been lost. Cases
have arisen where bonds have, been issued in
lieu of those supposed to be destroyed whore
the old ones have afterwards come to light,
though 1 am not aware of any such cases under
the General Government. I "have in my mind
now a case which has been before the commit-
tee in regard to a California war bond that was
supposed to be lost, and the old one has un-
doubtedly reappeared.
There is another class of cases about which
we have often more difficulty than wo have
about bonds ; and that is, applications for the
payment of Treasury notes which have been
lost—where a person alleges that he has lost a
certain amount of Treasury notes, and there is
no identification whatever. The Senator from
Maine "suggests that he would never grant such
applications. That has been the opinion of the
committee; they havu never roportc-d a bill of
that kind; but those cases present the difficul-
ties that have occurred to the committee. We
have followed the rule of never providing for
the omission of a new instrument until the old
one could be identified. You will sec at once,
Mr. President, that if we were to issue new
notes or bills for a certain quantity that had
been lost and not identified, the bond which we
take for identification would be of no avail.
I move to amend the bill by striking out the
words ''and required" after "authorized."
Mr. NESM1TII. I have no objection to that.
Mr. CLARK. I supposed the Senator would
have no objection to it. We all want to ac-
complish the same purpose.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was read the third time, and
passed.
MESSAGE I'UOJt THE HOUSE.
A message from the House of .Representa-
tives. b\ its Clerk, Mr. McI'iiersox, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. It. No. 11) to facilitate commercial, postal,
and military communication among the several
States; in which the concurrence of the Senate
was requested.
HOrSK BILLS REWORKED.
The following bills and joint resolution from
the House of Representatives were severally
read twicc by their titles, and referred as indi-
cated below:
A bill (H. R. No. 213) making appropria-
tions for the legislative, executive, and judicial
expenses of the Government for the year ending
the 30tli of June, ISO"—to the Committee on
Finance.
A bill (IT. R. No. 3-38) to amend an act
entitled ''An act relating to habeas corpus,
and regulating judicial proceedings in certain
eases," approvedMarch 3, 1863—to the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary.
A bill (II. R. No. 280) making appropria-
tions for the service of the Post Office Depart-
ment during the fiscal year ending the 30th of
June, 1807, and for other purposes—to the
Committee on Finance.
A joint resolution (IT. R. No. 11) to facilitate
commercial, postal, and military communica-
tion among the several States—to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
HOMESTEAD COMPANY".
Mr. MORRILL. I move to take up for
consideration Senate bill No. 102, which has
been reported from the Committee on the Dis-
trict of Columbia. It will not occupy much
time.
The motion was agreed to : and the bill (S.
No. 102) to incorporate the National Mutual
Protection Homestead Company was consid-
ered as in Committee of the Whole. By its pro-
visions A. W. Randall, .Tohn A. Andrew,
Henry D. Cooke, Charles T. Sherman, F. P.
Stanton, Richard McAllister, W illiam T. With-
ers, John Trimble, John R. Elvans, C. A. Ste-
vens, James Gilfillan. Joseph II. Wiggin, James
M. Latta. A. II. Bigelow, Jackson S. Shultze,
M. N. Wisewell, Ward II. Lamon, G_eorge W.
Riggs, Duncan S. Walker. John . Stokes,
Aiihon 0. Doolittle, Hawkins Taylor, John
\V*. Geary. Charlei Mason, George B. Center,
Jolm A. Beull, John B. Hutchinson, Martin
1 H. Casseil, and their successors, will be con-
stituted and created a body-corporate in the
District of Columbia, under the name and style
of the National Mutual Protection Homestead
Company, for the encouragement of settle-
ments and the organization of industry in the
American States, with a capital of 83,000,000,
The bill proceeds to define the rights?, pow-
ers, and duties of-the corporation iu detail. It
had been reported by the Committee on the
District of Columbia with two amendments.
The first amendment was in section five, line
six, after tlio words "this act" to insert " or
to the constitution and laws of the State in
which the same is located;" so as to make the
section read :
That the president and directors for the time being
shall have power to ordain, establish, and put in
execution such rules, regulations, ordinances, and by-
laws as they may deem essential for the well govern-
ment of the institution, not contrary to the Consti-
tution of the United States, or to this act, or to the
constitution and laws of the State in which the same
is located, and generally to do and perform all acts,
matters, and things which a corporation may or can
lawfully do.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the, end of sec- .
tion eleven to insert'' and may at any time be
amended, altered, or repealed by Congress;"
so that the section would read :
That nothingin this act shall he construed as mak-
ing it perpetual, but the samo shall terminate and
cease at tho expiration often years from tlio organ-
ization of said company, and may at any time bo
amended, altered, or repealed by Congress.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. JOHNSON. This Jnll goes further than
Congress has ever gone in the past, if I under-
stand the sixth section of the bill- The author-
ity wo have to charter companies here is under
the power which the Constitution gives Con-
gress to exercise exclusive jurisdiction by legis-
lation over this District. Now, the sixth see-
lion of this bill professes to give this company
the power to buy or lease lands anywhere. They
may go into any State in the Union and may
claim, because of their charter, a right to buy
and lease without tho authority of the State
into which they may go. Although I think it
is very clear that Congress can give no power
of that description, it is very desirable that it
should not attempt, to give it, because other
opinions may be entertained, and it may be the
impression of those who sell to or _ those who
buy from this company that the title will be
good bv force of this act. Tlicy may go into
Maryland and buy up all the lands of Maryland
or lease tliem. Certainly Congress has no au-
thority to do that; at least that is my impression.
I submit to the honorable chairman and those
who are friendly to the bill that they had bet-
ter modify that section so as to free it from all
possible doubt that it is not the purpose of Con-
gress by chartering Ibis corpoiation to enable
it to go anywhere out of the District and in
spite of State legislation to buy, to sell, and to
lease. The power is very comprehensive.
Mr. CLARK. I want to call the attention of
the Senator from Maryland to this point: sup-
pose Congress should charter a company of this
kind within the District, and they should be
duly organized and theft should go int o the State
of Maryland, if he pleases and buy a bit of land
and the deed should be regularly made to the
company by their corporate name, would they
not take the land'?
Mr. JOHNSON. Yes, unless there was some
law there against it.
Mr. CLARK. So I supposed, and hence I
wanted to call the attention of Congress to the
enormous power that might be given in that
indirect way, chartering a corporation here in
the District, which should have the power to
into every State in tlio "Onion and. take a
grant, of land. In good hands and for a good
object, it might be well; but with such tre-
mentions power? so liable to be puu&euj i. should
be very slow to jiass an act ot incorporation of
that kind ; and so I think would be the Senator
from Maine. Look at the sixth section of this
bill:
That the president and directors archereby empow-
ered and fully authoriv d, on behalf of the company,
to lease or purchase and hold lands, and sublet or sell
