1866,
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
479
the safety, happiness, and prosperity of its people,
and to provide for )ts general welfare by any and
every act of legislation which it may deem to be con-
ducive to these ends where the power over the partic-
ular subject or the manner of its exeroise is not  -ur-
rendered or restrained in the manner just stated.
That all those powers which relate merely to muni-
cipal legislation, or what may peihaps more propei ly
be called internal police, are not thus surrendered or
restrained: and thatconsequentlyin relation to these
the authority oftheStateis complete, unqualified, and
exclusive."'
Again, the court in the same case say:
"We should say that every law came within this
description which concerned the welfare ofthewholo.
peopleof a State, or any individual within it, whether
it related to their rights or their duties: whether in
their public or private relations; whether it related
to the rielits of persons or of property, of the whole
people ot a Sratc or of any individual within it. nnd
whoe operation was within the tcriitonal limits of j
the State, and upon the persons and things within its '
jurisdiction. But we will endeavor to illustrate our
meaningrathei bvexempliiieation than by definition.
No one will donythat afftateha^ a ri^ht to punish
any individual found within its jurisdiction who shall
have committed an offense within its jurisdiction
against its criminal laws."
Again: #
" "We suppose it to be equally clear that a State has
as much risjht to guard by anticipation a?ain«t the
commission ot an offense asrain-t its laws a> to inflict
punishment upon the offender after it shall have been
committed.'*
I will show you hereafter that the bill under
consideration attempts to deprive the States of
these rights which the Supieme Court say ao.e
undoubted rights of the Suites.
I cite the«e passages for the purpose of show-
ing that the Supreme Court of the United States
has recognized all the subjects embraced in the
first section of this bill as being the subjects
solely of State cognizance ; and unless you can
show that the States have surrendered the con-
trol over them to the Federal Government, they
still belong to the States, exclusively. I have,
endeavored to show that you did not obtain
cognizance of these subjects by the adoption of
your amendment to the Constitution, and I have,
as briefly as 1 could, attempted to show that the
power over them was not surrendered by the
States or granted in the Constitution before the
adoption of the amendment.
Mr. President, there are other serious objec-
tions to this lull. The third section proposes
to enact:
That the district courts of the United States within
their respective districts shall have, exclusively of the
courts of tin; several States, cognizance of all crimes
and offenses committed accamst the prov< -ions of this
act. and also, concurrently with the circuit courts of
the United State?, of all causes, civil and criminal,
aifeetmcc persons who are denied or cannot enforce in
the courts or judicial tribunals of the State or locality
where they may be nay of the rights seem ed to them
by the first section of this act,,and if an;, net ov prose-
cution, civil or criminal, has been or shall be com-
menced in any Stateeourt airainst any such person, or
atnuilst any officer, en il ol military, or other peisuil,
for any arrest or imprisonment—
Mark you. sir, the words are very compre-
hensive—
trespasses or wrongs done or committed by virtue
or under color of authority derived from this act, or
the act to enlarge the powers of the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, such defendant shall have the right to remove
such cause for trial to the proper district or circuit
court in the manner prescribed by the 'act relating to
habeas and retaliating judicial proceedings in
certain icws,' approved March 3, 1S03.
And then it goes on to provide that after the
eas« is so removed the circuit or district courts
shall attempt to carry into effect, what? The
State law, and to render its decisions conform-
ably to the common law as modified by Slate law
in cases where that can be done. Now. I wish to
show you that this provision of the bill is fla-
grantly unconstitutional, even if there was noth-
ing exceptionable in the subject-matter of its
provisions. I turn to that section of the Con-
stitution which relates to the judicial power of
the Federal Government, and dread:
"The judicial power shall extend to all casesiulaw
and erpiitv ari-iuit under this Constitution, the laws
ofthe United States, and trontiesmadeorivhichshall
he made under then-authority.''
Now. 1 will sh:■ w yon manv eases which cannot
arise under the Constitution ofthe United States,
which cannot arise under the laws of the I nited
Slates, which cannot arise even underfills bill,
which cannot arise under treaties, and yet which
this bill takes from the cognizance of the State
courts and attempts to give to the circuit and
district courts ofthe United States. Notice the
words:
That the district courts of theUnitcd States, ■within
their respective distrh-ts, shall have, exclusive ofthe
courts of the several Mates,coe'iir/anee ot all crimes
and otfcnscs committed airaiust the pi o\isious of this
act, and also, concurrently iviih the ciieuit courts of
the United Stages, of all causes, civil and criminal,
affecting persons who are denied or cannot eniorce m
the courts or judicial tribunals of thcState or local-
ity where they may be any of the rights secured to
them by the first section of this act.
Suppose that an action of ejectment is in-
stituted in any State where free negroes are
denied the right to testify, and suppose that
action of ejectment is against a free negro. He
wishes to prove that he has not been guilty of
the trespass in ejectment, and he proposes to
prove it by a negro, and the court say. ''No;
under the law of this State that negro is not a
competent witness.'' In such a ease as that,
this bill authorizes the circuit or district court
of tlie United States to take cognizance of thai
action of ejectment, and the State courts are
excluded from its consideration. I ask, did
that cause of action, llie right of A. a citizen
of the State of Maryland, to sue another poi-
son in an action of ejectment, arise under the
Constitution of the United States? Bid it
arise under any law of Congress? Did it. arise
under any treaty'' Certainly not. These arc
the eases when' alone the courts ofthe United
States have jurisdiction ; and yet you propose
to take a case arising under neither of these
from the control ofthe State courts and give it
to the district court ofthe United States. On
what ground? Simply because the judge, in
saying what evidence should go before the jury,
says that that negro cannot testify. And the
district court is to have jurisdiction—
Also, concurrently with the ciicuit courts of the
United stales, ot all causes, civil and eiiminaf, affect-
ing persons who arc d< med or cannot etilorco in the
com ts or judicial tiibunals of the State or lo, ab!v
where thev may be any of tile rights Secured to them
by the hrst section ol this act.
Here has been one of these beloved human
beings denied the; pii\ilcge of festii'ring. or llie
defendant in the ease denied tin; privilege ami
the light of having him as a witness ; and be-
cause of that the), the State courts are ou.-fed
of their jurisdiction to try a case of ejectment.
But, sir, this aet will bear a furl her. and as I
believe, a true interpretation, and it is this: if,
by the laws of the State, the negro population
are denied the right to testify- then any suit
broughi against a. negro in that State shall not
lie heard in the State court, but shall be heard
in the district or circuit court of the United
States. "All causes, civil and criminal, affect-
ing persons who are denied or cannot enforce
in the courts andjudicial tribunals ofthe State,"'
is the language of this bill.
I have shown you a case which cannot pos-
sibly arise under the Constitution ofthe United
States, the laws of the United States, or the
treaties of the United States, where this bill
does oust the State courts of their jurisdiction,
or assumes to do so, and gives exclusive juris-
diction to the Federal courts. But that is not
all, sir. What a beautiful spectacle it would
piesent. and what would be the practical oper-
ations of your bill in other respects ! 1 h<> laws
of my Stale do not allow a free negro to testify
against a white man except where there is no
■whiteperson present. A is indicted in the courts
of my State for an assault upon 15 ; 1) demerit ;
A proves it by his own testimony, he proves it
by twenty white men s'andmg around. B. of
course, does not want to suffer, and at least if
he has to suffer he wisfn s to put it oft as long
as possible. He will say, " Well. 1 will call this
negro: Sambo, come up here and testify."
Sambo is called, lie knows nothing about the
case. He was not within forly miles of the
transaction. Perhaps he has been sent for to
Philadelphia to come down for thepurposc of
getting this ease into the circuit or district court
of the Unifed States, lie is called, and he is
produced on the stand. The judge of our State
will say—we never had a judge and I hope we
never shall have one that, even if your bill was
passed, would know so little about law as to
recognize its validity—" That black witness is
excluded from testifying,'' even in a ease that
he may know something about, and thereupon
that criminal case < f oi-this bill provides fortaking
criminal as well as civil cases) is to be trans-
ferred t,o thecircnit or disirietcourt, of fhe Uni-
ted States. YoutrnnsfertotheFederaljudicial
tribunals every case, both of a. criminal and civil
nature, that can possibly arise in a State. These
things will be done for delay if nothing else, and
you will find your district and circuit courts en-
gaged in every State, from the commencement
ofthe year to its conclusion, in trying every
little petty ease of a civil character in which
from ten cents to thousands of dollars are in-
volved. and you will find that, the whole crim-
inal code of a State, if the Federal courts can
have the power of administering it, will bead-
ministered by the Federal courts and not the
Stale courts.
Take another case. A free negro commits
murderin the Slate of Kentucky. He isindieted
under the laws of Kentucky in t.he State courts.
Ilis guilt is proved beyond a reasonable doubt
1)) a hundred people who saw him commit the
aet. Hi; calls up a negro. He may have seen
him commit it, or he may not have seen him
commit it. He may know something about it,
or he may know nothing about it,. The judge
in Kentucky, I suppose—if the judges in that
State are now what they used to be, men of
learning, character, knowledge, dignity—would
say under their law that this negro could not he
a witness. What does this bill provide? Itpro-
vides that that, case of murder shall be taken
from the jurisdiction and control of the State
courts, and that the district and circuit courts
ofthe I)'nited States shall have cx clusivejurisdie-
tion of it. Sir, there eannof be a case of chicken-
stealing in any State of this Union where freed
negroes are not allowed to testify that can, if
litis bill is to lie opotalhe and in forcc, be de-
termined in the State courts. All suth eases
will be subject to be removed into the Federal
couits. I suppose this will not be denied by
any one, at lea^t in cases where such offensci
.shall be committed by negroes and negro testi-
mony in their defense shall be excluded.
If sueh consequences as these are to result
from such enactments as ihis—and I honestly
believe they are, if it is to be operative—what
becomes of the States of this Union? What
becomes of the powers of the States? hat
becomes ofthe rights ofthe Slates? Sir, they
have not even the privilege of administering
their criminal laws: they have not the privilege
of saving who shall give evidence and who shall
not in their own courts; they have not the priv-
ilege of saying wdio shall hold property and who
shall not: and if they have none of these privi-
leges—and 1 will show you that they have not
before I am done—they have not the power to
protect their own citizens against murder, rape,
arson, any crime that can be committed against
them, because what does another section of this
bill provide?
That for any act done under this bill and to
carry out its provisions the State courts shall not
have jurisdiction, but the circuit and district^
courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction. ' Take
the case put by the honorable SenatorfromPenn-
s\ Ivania where a judge on fhe bench holds that
under the State law a negro cannot testify, or
take another ea-e: suppose that some white man
has in some respect, slightly infringed some of
the rights which your bill proposes to give to
free negro, what then? Your bill authorizes
any commissioner (and their numbers may be
legion i to deputize in writing anybody to go and
arrest the judge who has made that decision,
because if'to give evidence be a right, bis action
would be a denial of the right under this bill.
I deny that if is a right in any man to testify in
a can so depending her ween others. 1 lis a right
in a party to a suit to call for the evidence of
another person, but there is no right in that
person to testily. You ma; call it aright to
work on the roads if you please ; it is generally
considered a burden. The right to serve on
