18#6.
THE CON"GRESSION"AL GLOBE.
2508
can he reconcile the admission of members
in the one case, while he denies it so obsti-
nately and scornfully in the other? It is true
this provision is temporary ; but the effect of
it while it lasts must be to plant seeds of dis-
content and dissension in the southern States
which will survive by scores of years the imme-
diate cause out of which they grew.
The gentleman from Maine [Mr. Blaine]
yesterday made, what seemed to me to be a
very strong point—that this disfranchisement
of the large body of the southern people would
run counter to the terms of the amnesty proc-
lamation of President Lincoln, which restored
all but certain classes to their former lights.
I think there is great force in that objection.
But however this may be as a point of tech-
nical construction—and I shall not canvass it
in that light—there is certainly great force in
this objection, that this provision would be a
departure, a retraction from the assurances
given all through this war, by acts and resolu-
tions of Congress and by proclamations of the
President. Every declaration from any depart-
ment of the Government conveyed to the South
and to the whole country the assurance that the
war was waged for the sole purpose of sup-
pressing the rebellion, and that when it was
over all the States would be restored to the
Union in full possession of all their rights and
on a footing of equality with the other States.
I know it may be said that we were there in
perplexity and in peril, and that it was essen-
tial to the harmony of public sentiment and to
the vigorous prosecution of the war that these
declarations and pledges should be made. I
know, too, how general is the truth that " ease
will retract vows made in pain." But it is not
a pleasing spectacle to see a great nation like
this shrinking from the fulfillment of pledges
under which it carried on the war, shrinking
from the assurances it has given to the whole
country, thai upon the termination of the war
the authority of the Constitution and the rights
of the States should be restored. "We should
be at least as jealous of our honor now as we
were of our safety then.
There is another objection which perhaps may
not be entitled to much weight, but is worth
consideration. This proposition to exclude the
mass of the southern people from voting until
1870 exposes those who advocate and press It,
it exposes the Union party to the suspicion, ren-
ders that party obnoxious to the charge of seek-
ing t.o amend the Constitution for the purpose
of influencing and controlling the presidential
election of 1868. I make no such charge, but
I know it will be made. Our vigilant oppo-
nents will not omit so tempting an opportunity
to trace our action to motives of partisanship
rather than patriotism. And I would not like
to be put in a position where I shall be com-
pelled to concede the charge, or where facts
can be brought forward that would even seem
to sustain it. It is quite true that the gentle-
man irom Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] accepted
what he took to be a suggestion on my part the
other day, that General Grant might be the
candidate of the Union party for the Presidency
in 18C8, with great alacrity ; and the eagerness
with which he responded to that suggestion gave
me the most comforting assurance that we shall
have no dissensions upon that subject when the
time shall come. I do not think il necessary,
therefore, to insert such an amendment as this
m the Constitution in order to secure the elec-
tion of General Grant, if he should be presented
as the Union candidate or by the country at
large, without regard to party, as is by no means
impossible. For wherever you find men who-
appreciate courage, skill, and patriotism in the
field, magnanimity in the hour of victory, and
wise moderation in political councils, there you
will find men who will appreciate that illustri-
ous commander as a candidate for any office
which the American people may have to bestow.
But upon these points 1 will not dwell.
I now come to another objection, which to
my mind seems fatal to this amendment. This
section seems to me to have been inserted for
the express purpose of preventing the adoption
by the southern States of any of the amend-
ments proposed to the Constitution. I will not
say that this was the ipotive of the committee
in reporting it, but that, I think, is the result
which its adoption by Congress will secure.
The adoption of all the proposed amendments,
thisoneincluded, by each of the southern States,
is made in the bill reported by the committee
a condition essential to their admission to rep-
resentation in Congress. Now, the amendments
are to be adopted by the Legislatures of the
several States. The Legislatures are elected
by all the-people—those who have voluntarily
adheijpd to the insurrection as well as those who
have not—for the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Broomall] laid special stress upon the
fact that the people are still allowed full control
of their State governments.
These Legislatures, thus elected, are ex-
pected to ratify all these amendments, to con-
cede an equality of civil rights, to concede a
great reduction of their political power in
changing the basis of representation, to con-
cede the repudiation of their debts and the
denial of compensation for their slaves; and
for what consideration? What do we offer
them in return for all these concessions? The
right to be represented on this floor, pro-
vided they will also consent not to vote for
the men who are to represent them! Kay
more, that they shall accept as the Representa-
tives whom they thus get the right of having
here men elected by a small minority of then-
people who are supposed and conceded to be
hostile to them in political sentiment, and
against whom they have been waging a bitter
war! We offer them, in exchange for all these
renunciations of political power and of mate-
rial advantage, the privilege of being misrep-
resented in Congiess by men in whose election
they had lW voice or vote, and with whose past
political action and present political sentiments
they have no sympathy whatever.
Why, sir, this not only "breaks the word of
promise to the hope," it does not even '-keep
it to the car." It is not merely a sham, it is a
mockery. The very price by which we seek
to induce their assent to these amendments,
we snatch away from their hands the moment,
that assent is secured. Is there any man here
who can so far delude himself as to suppose
for a moment that the people of the southern
States will accede to any such scheme as this?
There is" not one chance in ten thousand of
their doing it.
Representation ceases to be of the slightest
value to them under such conditions. They
will not seek it or ask for it. They %-ill infi-
nitely prefer to take the chances of change in
the political councils of the nation, to await
the election of a Congress more projjitious to
their claims, especially under the comforting
assurance which the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. Stevens] gave them some two
months ago. when he said frankly that "it is
of no importance by whom or when or how
reconstruction is effected, for in three short
years this whole Government will 'be in the
hands of the late rebels and their northern
allies." They will readily wait " three short
years" for representation rather than purchase
the mockery of it we offer them at such a price.
The gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Schexck.]
in vindicating the policy of this exclusion of
the southern people from the right of suffrage,
insisted that it was necessary as a means of
discipline; that they are not yet in a proper
frame of mind to take part in the affairs of
government; that they are at heart still un-
friendly and hostile to our authority and insti-
tutions ; and that we must treat tliom as parents
do unruly children, that we must, flog them for
their offenses and then exclude them from the
family table or shut, them up in a closet until
they come to a better and more submissive
mnod. Well, sir. this might answer if the eight,
million people with whom we are dealing w ould
consent to be treated as children, and to regard
us here in Congress asstr.iidir.jj i)iluco purcntiit
toward them. They might in that ease submit,
tamely to the chastisement we propose, and
possibly profit by it. But they are not chil-
dren. They are men, men tenacious of their
rights, jealous of their position, brave, and
proud of their bravery, of hot and rebellious
tempers, and not at all likely to be subdued
in spirit or won to stir love by such discipline
as the gentleman from Ohio proposes to in-
flict. We have chastised them already. We
have defeated their hostility against the Gov-
ernment. And now what remains ? They are
to be our fejlow-citizens. They must form
part of the people of our country. They are
to take part, sooner or later, in our Govern-
ment unless we intend to discard the funda-
mental principle of that Government, the right
of the people to govern themselves. And we
cannot afford to have them, or to make them,
sullen, discontented, rebellious in temper and
in purpose, even if they are submissive in act.
We have nothing to do with the sickly sen-
timentality referred to by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] yesterday. Our
object is not to deal in mercy toward them.
We are to deal wisely—for their good and for
our own. We are to make them friends, because
we cannot afford to make or to keep them ene-
mies. How shall we do this best? By what
policy can it be best effected ? By exclusion, by
coercion, by hostile distrust? Can we coerce
friendly feeling on the part of a hostile people?
Has it ever been done? I would like the reader
of history on this floor to point me to an in-
stance in the records of any nation where great
communities once disaffected have beenbrought
back to fiiendly relations and feelings of kindly
regard bj- such measures as are here proposed.
Has Ireland been thus appeased ? Has Poland?
Has Hungary? Has Venice?
Why, sir, if history teaches anything, if any
principle is established by the concurrent an-
nals of all nations and all ages, it is that senti-
ment, cannot be coerced ; that opinions, even,
cannot be controlled by force ; and that with
any people fit to be free or to bo the country-
men of men who are free, all such efforts de-
feat themselves and intensify and perpetuate
the hostil ities sought to be overcome. Ireland
offers us a signal example of this, and I am
amazed that members upon this floor can shut
their eyes or close their minds to the lessons
which her sad history teaches. England, for
her harsh dealings with that unhappy land
hundreds of years ago, is paying the penalty
to-day and will for all time to come. By mis-
takes in policy precisely such in kind as we
are making now, England, hundreds of years
ago. planted in Ireland the seeds of that dis-
affection which, in spite of all her attempts to
undo the wrong, in spite of abundant legisla-
tion in redress of grievances, and for the good
! of Ireland, from time to time bursts out into
feeble but bitter insurrection, and which to-
day blooms into that shadowy phenomenon of
Fenianism, which terrifies one continent and
puzzles and poisons the other.
No, sir, this is not the way to deal with dis-
affected States. I have no sympathy with
those in the southern States who have just
emerged from rebellion. Never for an instant
have I felt or shown the slightest toleration
for their crime. From the first moment their
purpose of rebellion was made apparent until
the hour they laid down their arms, within my
humble sphere and by the feeble means which
were all I could command, I have demanded,
urged, and waged the most vigorous and de-
termined war that could be made upon them.
That war has proved successful. The rebel-
lion has been suppressed. Our mission now
is of a different kind and must be fulfilled by
agencies of another sort.
These, sir, are my objections to the third
of these five amendments. The other four
commend themselves to my judgment and will
receive my support.
ixteitnal ileyence but.,
}[r. LAFLIX. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Printing to report to the House a
resolution that there be printed for the use of
the House one thousand extra copies of the
