460
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
juries may be considered a burden, but it is a
duty if the State demands it. It is no right in
the citizen. A parly to an action lias the power
to call for the testimony of a wilness, but it is
no riglii on the part of the person to testify.
Your bill, however, treats it as a right, and I
so treat it for the sake of the argument only.
The judge has made that decision, the white man
has slightly infringed some of the rights which
your bill proposes to guaranty to the negro.
Your commissioner—and he may be as black
as the ace of spades, as far as this act is con-
cerned—may send another free negro to arrest
that judge or to arrest that white man. Your
negro deputized officer, acting under your negro
commissioner, if he be a negro—and there is no
■' security that he will not be, because you now
propose to confer the right of suffrage on the
negro, and if you confer the right of suffrage on
Mm you must certainly, to be consistent, allow
him to hold office—goes to the judge or the in-
dividual who has committed this slight tres-
pass and says, " I come to arrest you,'' and the
answer is, "I will not go with you,'1 and he
shoots him down, and he is indicted in the State
courts for that murder.
Now, what says your bill? You soy that the
courts of that State shall not have jurisdiction,
because it was for an act done in discharge or
under color of what the negro oflicer claimed to
be his duty under this law, and you remove the
trial of the cause from the State court into the
Federal court. Human ingenuity cannot escape
from it; you get him there, and after you get
him there what can you do with him? If there
is one principle more clearly recognized than
another, it is that the Federal courts will not,
attempt to administer the State laws, and nei-
ther will the State courts attempt to administer
the Federal laws. That is to say, a Federal
court will not apply to an act a punishment
created under the statute of a State. Jt will
not execute the criminal laws of a State, and
you cannot confer upon it jurisdiction to do so,
because its jurisdiction is dclined and limited
in the Constitution of the United Slates. Nei-
ther can a Stale court inflict a penalty incurred
under a Federal statute.' When you got the
negro into the Federal court, wind are you go-
ing to do with him? Why, says the bill, as far
as it can ho done, the court shall conform to I lie
common law as modified by the laws of the
State. I ivill read the language of the bill:
The jurisdiction in civil and criminal unifiers
hereby cenl'cned on the district and ciieuit eoints of
the United .states shall be evel'ctsed and entoiced 111
conformity with tin; laws of the United Si.11r, ;,, far
as such laws are suitable to carry tile same 111 to effect ;
but ill all cases where such laws arc not adapted to
the ohiect, or .'tredetieient in theptovisionsue'eos.-ary
to furnish suitable reieedies, and puni-h otii.-iises
aieuu-t law, the common law, as modifieda.iid changed
by the constitution and statutes ofthe state whcicm
the eonrl having jurisdietion of tlio cause, civil or
criminal, is held.solar asthe sameis not inconsistent
with the Const it ntion and laws of the United Stat es,
sllull be eMondcd to and govern siid lomt.s in tin:
trial and disposition of such cause, and if of a eiitni-
nal nature, in the inthciioii ot punishment 011 the
party found Kiitlty.
A Federal court hearing and determining a
ease of ejectment between persons oi tin; same
State, brought to recover possession ol land in
the State 111 which both parties reside and
awarding a- writ of possesion! A Federal court
hearing and delermining a ease of larceny, the
larceny being committed bv a free negro, and
administering the criminal law of the State!
Surely
" Judgment has fled to brutish beasts
And men have lost their reason."
How you gentlemen will like the infliction of
this punishment, when you come to my State,
and one of these pet-lambs with a black skin
shall be indicted for larceny, and you deprive
the State ofthe jurisdiction of hying it, and it
is removed to the circuit court of the United
States or the district court of the United States :
liowyour Federal judge, if he be of the same
opinio 11s with you, will like to carry that law into
execution! L>o you know wliat'our law does
with them ? It provides for whipping his bare
back. V\ e have a whipping-post in our State,
and I think it is the jaost efficient means I ever
knew for the prevention of thieving. For five
years it was my duty as the law-otScer of the
State to prosecute in my State, and we never
were troubled with those fellows from Philadel-
phia and Baltimore who would slip over and
steal a horse or anything else after once the lash
was applied to them. How the humane feelings
of all New England would be shocked—even the
honorable Senator opposite me would have to
come before the Senate of the United States and
talk of the inhumanity to one of those pets of
congressional legislation because his back had
been made to feel the lash. Howeter, I will
state, to relieve any premature tears, that the
same punishment is meted out to the white man
who commits the same act.
I have thus shown you, I think, Mr. Presi-
dent, that under this section of the bill the
States arc or may be deprived of the execution
of most if not ail their laws relating to the com-
mission of crime, that the criminal jurisdiction
of the courts of the States, in other words, is
by the provisions of this bill ousted. I have
shown you how civil causes, not arising under
the Constitution, laws, or treaties ofthe United
States, may, under the provisions of this bill, be
carried to the circuit and district courts of the
United States, when the Constitution of the
United States says that in such cases where they
do not so arise those courts shall not have
jurisdiction. If I have made this plain I ask
the Senate how they can support a bill obnox-
ious to such objections.
lint, Mr. President, the remaining portion of
this bill may be called its machinery to carry it
into etfect; and I will briefly call the attention
of the Senate to that machinery. It seems in
these late war times that the passion for arrest-
ing people became so general, wide-spread, and
universal, that, now that peace is restoivd. at
least when hostilities do not exist, we are riot,
to get rid of that feeling, but that the law of
vengeance and of punishment must, still be in-
dulged in. We have so accustomed our minds
to the propriety and necessity of arresting peo-
ple for any and every offense, and inflicting upon
them cruel and unnecessary punishment, that
we cannot now in times of peace dispossess our-
selves of that feeling ; and the mild and amiable
anil learned chairman ofthe Judiciary Commit-
tee, it seems, cannot now agree to live one d.iv
without seeing somebody arrested and draggt d
before somebody else, and witnessing a heavy,
unusual, and cruel punishment inflicted. What,
does this bill do V f fe is going to see that these
dearly beloved subjects of congressional favor
shall ha\e daily eudenee ofthe kind regard in
which they are held by their republican friends
and allies, and he is, with whip in hand, chas-
ing every while man through every Stale of
this Union to iutliel punishment upon him if he
dares itt\ ade the fights of any of the negi 0 race.
The fourth section provides thai—
The disft ict at toi neys, marshals, and deputy mar-
shals of the United States, inc commissioners ap-
pointed by the (ircuit ami teiiitoual courts if the^
United States, with power of airestine, iiuprisoinn^r'
or hailing ntfendeis against the lavsot the tinted
States, the oihecrs end agents ,,f (he fYeediilcn's Bu-
reau, and every othej otfn or who may be specially
empowered by the President of the United States, are
to make an csts.
lie is afraid he will not get enough officers to
make arrests ; the commissioners will not do;
and another section of this bill provides that
they may be increased indefinitely. 1 le is afraid
that he will not be able by all the other ma-
chinery provided by the bill to get enough per-
sons to arrest while transgressors of this law,
and so every other officcr who maybe specially
empowered by the President ofthe United States
is to be empoweied to make these arrests.
And they are hereby specially authorized and re-
quired, at the expense of the United States, to insti-
tute proceedings against alt and every puson who
shall violate the provisions of this act, and cause him
or litem to be arretted and imprisoned, or bailed, as
the ease may lie, tor tiial betore such court ot the
United States or turitorial ronrt as by this act has
cognizance of the oOanse: and witlia view to afford-
ing reasonable protection to all persons in their con-
stitutional ridit-s of eciiuility before the law, without
distinction of race or color, or iirevious condition of
slavery or involuntary servitude, except as a punish-
ment for crime whereof the party shall have been
duly convicted, and to the prompt discharge of the
duties oi this act., it shall be the duty of the circuit
courts ofthe United States andthesupenor courts of
the Territories of 1 he United States, from time to time,
to inciease the uuiiiber of commissioners go as to af-
ford a speedy and convenient means tor the arrest—
The honorable Senator wants speedy and con-
venient modes of arresting people—
and examination of persons charged with a violation
of this aet.
Then the sixth section provides very heavy
penalties against any marshal or officer who
shall disobey or refuse to perform any of the
duties imposed by this act; and what is the
power that it gives to these marshals? They
may call in the posse comUalus or the bystand-
ers, and they are all to be punished if they re-
fuse to aid in making arrests. What did the
honorable Senator say, and what did other hon-
orable Senators say, when the fugitive slave
law gave the power to the marshals to summon
persons to make an arrest? They were horri-
fied. What was their language? "Is thy ser-
vant a dog that he should do this thing?" And
yet, sir, when it comes to a negro deputy of a
negro commissioner probably arresting a white
man, he shall have the posse eomitulus and he
shall have the bystanders to aid him. A mar-
shal, or the ignorant deputized agent of a mar-
shal, shall have the power to summon all the
able-bodied men in any county in the United
States to aid him in arresting a white man for
committing the simplest offense against a negro,
when you gentlemen were so awfully horrified
at the idea of allowing a marshal ofthe United
States to summon, notthe_po,sse eomitutus, but
to summon citizens to execute that law against
fugitives from service. Verily, not only the
negro is as good in law as the white man in
I your opinion of him, but he is much more fa-
j voted ami better protected. Let a wdiite man
dare to do any of these things which your bill
fotbids. and he is subjcct to heavy iincs and
imprisonment.
1 have shown you from the provisions of the
bill that it authorizes the number of the com-
missioners to be multiplied to any extent, that
it gives the power to those commissioners of
deputizing in writing whomsoever they please
to make these arrests. And what, does it do
besides'' It gives that fellow so deputized five
dollars for doing his dirty work. "What will be
the consequence? Suppose I have not com-
mitted any offense at all against one of these
beloved of Federal legislation ; suppose I have
done nothing, but suppose somebody goes to
the commissioner and says that 1 have. He
deputizes anybody, white or black, to arrest
me, and he carries me before his supreme high-
ness, the commissioner, and when I have gone
there, there is not one word laid to mj'charge,
the commissioner pockets his ten dollars, the
man making the arrest pockets his live dollars
and all oilier expenses. 1 go free. What is
the power that the bill gi\<s'.' The commis-
sioner 1!!;t\ cause to be arrested <:ry white
man in my State or tiny other State for the
pmpuse of gelling his ten dollars and giving
the five dollars to the marshal or his deputy.
It is a grand money-making business when
you come to look into it. And yet. sir, when
thai, free negro comini.- sioner or whit e commis-
sioner has appointed his deputy, either white
or black, to arrest me and all the rest of the
citizens of my State, if none of us have done
anything transgressing even the provisions of
your law and they have pocketed their fees,
what can we do? We hare been falsely im-
prisoned: even vour commissioner has said we
have dnneuothingwrong; we have beenfalsely
imprisoned, dragged from our homes, and we
go and appeal to the courts of our State for pro-
tection. and we present this fellow who has ar-
rested us to the grand jury and they find a true
bill for assault and false imprisonment. It is
against one of the darlings of your heart, aud
therefore you will not let the State hear the
cause but you remove it far from our residences
and our homes into the district or circuit court
of the United States!
But this is not all. The chairman of th 
