25,04
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
modified internal revenue bill. I wish to an-
nounce that this number of bills has been
printed and are in the hands of the superin-
tendent of the folding-room. It will give five
copies to each member.
The resolution was adopted.
reconstruction agaijt.
Mr. McKEE. Mr. Speaker, in the short
time allotted for this discussion it is not my
purpose to go over the propositions embraced
m the pending amendment to the Constitution.
Nor do I regard it as necessary, at least so far
as rny own position is concerned, havingalready
in this House voted for at least three of the
. propositions in substantially the same shape
m which they are now presented. I desire
more particularly to discuss the third section
of this proposed amendment, as there seems to
have been generated more opposition to this
than any other,' and it being a proposition I
regard as one of the most vital of all.
it is, sir, perhaps as well to go back a little
to look at the opposition and to examine into
the record of this House. On the 14th of
December last, after the meeting of the two
Houses, a resolution was introduced into this
House by the gentleman from Oregon [Mr.
Henderson] in these words:
" Re'olvd, That treason is a crimo and ought to be
punished."
And on calling the yeas and nays not a sol-
itary Representative in this House who an-
swered to that call but voted in the affirmative,
including every Democratic member, with the
exception of four who were absent. What
did that mean? Did this House then vote
their sentiments, or did they not? Since that
time, sir, from the Democratic side of the
House I have not heard a word that would
tend in the least to induce the country to be-
lieve they would carry out the resolution for
which they then voted. On the contrary, the
whole drift of their argument is that these
men, having submitted, are now as loyal as
those who fought on the side of the Govern-
ment, and entitled to the same rights. Is
this the manner in which they propose to pun-
ish treason? Is this the proposition for which
we voted? It would have been better had the
resolution read in this manner:
Resolved, That treason is a crime, and that traitors
should bo rewarded for its commission.
The course of this whole Democratic side
of the House since the vote on the 14th of De-
cember has been in strict accordance with the
proposition as I have read it; and I regret to
say that even on the Republican side I find
men to-day who are willing, aye pleading that
those men having laid down their arms are now
entitled to all the rights which wo who stood
bv the flag of our country during the late strug-
gle for our existence possess. They have set
aside their own work, abandoned their own
record. It is very fashionable in these days,
I believe, to do that.
Perhaps we can gain nothing by going back
toymen's records, but I would ask gentlemen
this question. They are well aware that by
our laws treason is declared a crime, and a
high penalty is affixed upon it. Now, sir, the
simple question comes to us to-day, have we,
the .Representatives of the people of this great
nation, moral courage euoughto carry out that
law, or •will we turn our back upon those who
sustained our country in the great struggle for
its existence and say to the eighteen hundred
thousand men who waged this war, ' 'All your
efforts to crush out treason amount to nothing ,*
these traitors to-day are entitled to all the rights
that you possess?" Sir, for one, I am tired of
that sickly sentimentality.
It appears to roe that in otder to uphold the
loyal people of this land something must be
done by a Jaw ingrafted into the Constitution
to protect them in their loyalty. Look, if you
please, at the States of Maryland, of West
Virginia, of Tennessee, of Missouri, of Arkan-
sas. Each one of these States during this
struggle, or since its close, has passed laws
-by which they disfranchise forever those men
who gave aid and encouragement to the rebel-
lion.
Now, sir, the question comes up to-day.
The committee on reconstruction report a basis
for settlement. They report to this House a
proposition which disfranchises these men who
have gone into rebellion even for the short
spaCe,of a little more than four years, and we
find it opposed by men who have always been
against treason. •
That is the proposition. And if it is voted
down, how do we go out to the country ? The
representatives of the nation here assembled
say to those five States which have adojjted a
disfranchising qualification in regard tcrtheir
citizens, "Your action is wrong. You should
not pass such an act. These men who waged
war against the Government and against you
have as much right to vote as you who have
been true to your flag." It is not encouraging
loyalty; it is crushing out those men who alone
were true during the war, and putting the con-
trol of the State governments in their hands.
For this cause alone, if for no other, I should
say, do not strike out the proposition.
But, sir, it is perhaps true that the carrying
out of this law might meetwith some difficulty.
But we find, in the disturbed state of our coun-
try which has resulted from the effects of this
great war, that we must meet difficulty in all
our efforts to restore peace, harmony, and quiet
throughout the whole land. We are told that
it is not fair nor just that the great mass should
be disfranchised. Now, sir, in doing this we
are but following the principles laid down by
the lamented President Lincoln. His idea in
regard to reconstruction was, if there were only
one tenth of -the people in any State who were
loyal, as in Louisiana, that one tenth should re-
construct, rule, and control. And the idea was
announced over an/1 over again by fes successor
who to-day occupies the presidential chair.
Following out that great principle the peo-
ple of Tennessee, one of the States declared to
be in rebellion, organized a State government
under the direction of President Lincoln and
under the sanction of Andrew Johnson, then
military governor of that State, and they have
succeeded in enacting a law by which those
who engaged in the rebellion are disfranchised
and prohibited from exercising any of the
rights of electors in the State which of right
belong only to the loyal.
Now, sir, how do we hear this -proposed
amendment responded to by those who oppose
it? We hear one of the gentlemen on this side
of the House, from Ohio, [Mr. Fixck.,] calling
upon thd people of the South to have inde-
pendence of spiritenough to rise up and reject
it with scorn. And, as has been said by the
gentleman from New York to-day, no matter
what may be said of these people we may say
this for them, that they are not fools, and they
are not going to accept it. The inference, then,
may bo that we are fools in proposing it.
Well, sir, if we are to judge by their actions
for the last five years, 1 think we should not
make up our opinion very rapidly that they have
not acted very foolishly in some things at least.
It appears to me that they exhibited very little
wisdom in going into the rebellion; it appears
to me that they exhibited very little wisdom in
its conduct; it appears to mc that they exhib-
ited no wisdom whatever in bringing on a great
war: for if they had looked into the subject at
all, they might have been satisfied that they
could not destroy this Government. And they
still show a want of wisdom, when, at the end
of the war, having been crushed and having
agreed to accept rhe issues of the war, to sub-
mit to the propositions by which we propose to
reconstruct the Government, under the influ-
ence of the powers at Washington they have
come to the conclusion that they are to be again
trusted with the management of the affairs
of this nation and are to be the rulers here.
The sequel will show that they are misled and
deceived.
Listen to what the Memphis Avalanche, one
j of tiie reconstructed organs of the South, saya
i in reference to a recent law passed by the Le-
gislature of Tennessee, and then you will be pre-
pared to judge whether these people are readyto
accept our terms or not. I read from the Mem-
phis Avalanche of the 5th of the present month:
"The despotic, infamous, and cowardly franchise
bill has become what tho regime at Nashville call a
law. - That is, it has passed a so-callcd Senate and
a so-called House at Nashville, or, in other words, it
has received the sanction of a gang of legislative
loafers who exist at the public expense at the capital
of tho State, and call themselves the Legislature of
Tennessee."
Such is the language used by the copper-
head press all over the country in regard to
the Congress which sits here to-day. But I
quote further:
"Itbecomes the good people of Tennessee"—
I want the House to bear in mind that when
this writer refers to the "good people of Ten-
nessee," he refers to men who have been en-
gaged in this wicked and infamous attempt to
destroy our Government. He goes on:
"It becomes the good people of Tennessee to pre-
pare at once to dispute the further encroachment
upon their rights by the wretched despotism now in
power at' Nashville. Let the State have restored to
it the constitution which existed before tho war, and
which has not, up to this time,been properly, legally,
or constitutionally supplanted by any other organic
system. What now professes to bo the constitution
of Tennessee is but an assumption, the creature of a
mere mob, a dirty thing, having a dirty emanation,
to which a brave and chivalric people have, because
of their misfortunes, been compelled to submit, but
which they loathe and despise from tho utmost
recesses of their noble but broken hearts."
This is the class of men to whom we are
called upon to-day to extend our sympathies,
and to place upon an equal footing with those
who have never faltered in their devotion to
the TJnion. But I read on:
"The time has now come when further endurance
will entail upon the people additional and more
humiliating oppressions."
Hear the language of these men, who to-day
we are called upon to enfranchise, and to place
upon an equal footing with ourselves. I de-
sire to make one other quotation to show the
spirit which animates these reconstructed reb-
els. I read from the Louisville Journal—a
paper published in the interests of the " Con-
servative-Johnson-Union party"—on the 2d
day of May, 1866, describing the convention
of reconstructed rebels and Democrats for the
State of Kentucky, held in the city of Louis-
ville the preceding day. That paper uses this
language:
"We assure the people of Kentucky that the peace,
harmony, and safety of the State are more seriously
imperiled now than they have been since the ruth-
less hordes of Buckner and Bragg were trampling
down our soil. The same men whose treachery to
tho Common wealth and the nation involved the coun-
try in civil war five years ago; the same men who
robbed and encouraged the robbing of our banks,
the destroying our railroad bridges, the firing of the
dwellings of our citizens, and sought to establish
rebel provisional governments over our people, by
which to coerce them into the whirlpool of treason,
are perfecting a political organization in the State
for the purpose of placingher political power exclu-
sively in the hands of men who, having been whipped
at their own game of powder and ball, are now seek-
ing to use tho ballot for the achievement of their
revengeful political schemes."
I ask the Representatives of the people to-
day if they are willing to turn over the loyal
men in these States, who have passed these
laws, to the tender mcrcics of men like these?
That is the question we have to meet now on
this proposition. There may be some objec-
tions to it; but if we can get nothing better it
is a good thing to go before the people of the
country with ; and the people will answer in
tones that will be gratifying to tho heart of
every loyal man who votes for it here.
But, sir, in order to obviate the objections
that are made to this third section, I propose
to amend the motion made yesterday by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Garfield,] to
recommit the joint resolution with instructions
to the committee to strike out the third sec-
tion, by substituting therefor the following:
Recommit with instructions to strike oiit the third
section, and insert in lieu thereof the following:
All persons who voluntarily adhered to the late
insurrection, giving aid and comfort tfi the so-called
southern confederacy, are forever excluded from
holding any office of trust or profit under the Gov-
ernment of the United States.
That will obviate the objection that it would
