1514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
Mareli 21,
and convey the sameforuse, settlement, and cultiva-
tion, and may also lend money on mortgage of lands
or pledges of growing crops, with a view to promote
the reorganization of labor on the basis of freedom
and to promote the obtaining of homesteads by the
landless.
Mr. CRESWELL. I call the Senator's at-
tention also to the close of the fifth section:
And generallj'to do and perform all acts, matters,
and things which a corporation may or ean lawfully
do. •
Mr. CLARK. Thivt is so very indefinite that
it, is very,doubtful what could be dqne under
that. -1 am now calling the attention of the
Senate to what appears to bo the direct object
of the bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. It is evidently the purpose
to let them go anywhere.
Mr. CLARK. It seems to'be to charter a
great company for purposes of land specula-
tion, or what may become a great landed spec-
ulation, which may buy up lands in any State,
hold, sell, or lease them in anyway convenient
for its purposes. As I said before, this in proper
hands and for proper purposes might all be
■well; the power properly used is desirable;
but it is a thing that may be very much abused.
I Should desire to hear- from the Senator from
Maine somewhat upon the necessities of such an
organization here. Cannot lands be bought in
all these States and leased or held or mortgaged
■without such an enormous corporation? Why
is it necessary to come to Congress, in the Dis-
trict of Columbia, for the purpose of charter-
ing a corporation of lliis kind? Cannot he,
cannot I, cannot anybody that desires, go into
the State of Virginia or any other State and
purchase land ? Or if we cannot, can a large
corporation do so any better than we? Would
it be any more agreeable to th&se States to have
their lands held in that way? And is it desir-
able for the States to have large masses of their
lands pass into the hands of foreign corpora-
tions who may hold them in that way ? I should
be very unwilling if my own State had lands to
sell to have them pass into the hands of a for-
eign corporation like that. I do not say that
the object of this corporation may not be en-
tirely good; they set out a good object here;
but what I fear is, that the good may be de-
feated and the power may be abused. We
should be exceedingly careful how we grant
such enormous power.
Mr. MORIlIfjLu I" think the bill is open
fairly to some of the criticisms that have been
made on it, and I am not sure that they ought
not to be fatal. The subject had some consid-
eration in the committee, and these very objec-
tions were considered. It is said the power
may be abused. Clearly, but I think the an-
swer is that it is not necessarily so. The ob-
ject is a good one, professedly; it is to induce
emigration to and the settlement of the large
domain of unsettled lands in the southern
States. That these parties have not the spirit
of enterprise necessary to accomplish this de-
clared purpose, I think it would hardly be fair
to assume. I think they have.
Now. what is the scope of the powers of this
bill? In the firet place, these men are asso-
ciated as a body-politic and corporate. All
their powers, of course, tome from Congress in
the exercise of its functions over this District.
We do not propose to invest them with any
aui hority outside of this District; none what-
ever as against any State authority. They are
simply a body-politic invested with such powers
as they may exercise in this District. The ad-
vantages of being associated in this way are
obvious enough. The advantages are such as
would naturally arise from an incorporated com-
pany over a mere voluntary association or over
a partnership. They can act with more effi-
ciency and perhaps with less personal respon-
sibility. That is a thing fairly to be considered.
That being their general power, what can
they do in any of these States ? They can do
nothing repugnant to the policy of the State
or any law of the State. They can only do
what aa individual might do, or what individ-
uals simply associated together might do.
jPaey-c&a go into the-States and make con-
truct:> Tor iho purchase ftnd sale and lease of
lands, may hold lands and improve landa, and
that is the upshot of the whole of it. They
, would operate from this common center, send-
ing their agents into the States to purchase and
sell lands. They undoubtedly would have
power and capacity over individual enterprise.
That is the very object of the bill; it is to give
them the power which comes from associated
capital and associated enterprise. If the object
is a gefod one, then the more power in that
direction the better, provided it is not abused.
It is said that it is new legislation for this dis-
trict. I am inclined to think that to some ex-
tent it is so ; and that feeling is growing, I
should say, from the number of bills of this
character that have been presented to the com-
mittee during the last year or so. Feelingthat
some authority or some power in the name of
the General Government, or having the sanc-
tion of the General. Government, ought to go
from this particular locality into other sections
of the country, my honorable friend from Mary^
land [Mr. Ceesvell] introduced a bill of a
similar character, which is now before our com-
mittee, to incorporate a mining and manufac-
turing company, not limited to this District, but
to operate anywhere in any State where it can
get permission so to do. That bill is almost a
transcript of this; it is precisely after the style
of this.
Mr. CRESWELL. I think that is a bill
entirely different in spirit from this.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not speak of the spirit
of it; I only speak of the general'character and
general provisions of it.
Mr. CRESWELL. It is a bill for associating
capital.
Mr. MORRILL. That bill contemplates an
association of capital and the capitalists are
here ; but the incorporation is not with a view
of operating in the District of Columbia, but
the whole field of operations is to be in Virginia
or some other southern State, and it is to be a
mining and manufacturing company.
Mr. CRESWELL. But that bill by its terms
is confined to a specific object.
Mr. MORRILL. It is confined to the two
specific objects of mining and manufacturing.
Mr. CRESWELL. In certain soecific lo-
calities.
Mr. MORRILL. Now, these land bills are
quite common to the country.
Mr. FESSENDEN. In the States; and then
they are confined to the States in which the
charter is granted.
Mr. MORRILL. Not quite. I think the
history of these land companies is something
like this: in early times a large landed asso-
ciation, or corporation, (I think it was a cor-
poration in the State of New York,) called the
American Land Company, was organized with
the right to have associates and associate wealth,
with the express object of operating in western
lands; and I believe almost the entire Ohio
reserve was at one time held by that company.
I think the history of that company was rather
favorable to settlement; and I think the people
of Ohio regarded it as having been favorable
to the settlement and growth of Ohio. There was
the North American Land Company of Pennsyl-
vania, which had its lands in all the southern
States and most of the western States, amount-
ing to many millions, eight or ten millions. I
believe the operations of that company were
never found to be disadvantageous to the States.
The apprehension arising on this bill is that
it will be practicable for these persons by
associating great wealth to monopolize l^rge
tracts and quantities of lands in the different
States, keep them out of market until they
appreciate largely, and so prejudice the grgwth
of the States. There is a provision in the bill
which was intended—and I hope it will be found
on examination to be so—to guard against such
a tendency. It is the proviso to the sixth sec-
tion, commencing in the eighth line:
Provided, That all leases given or taken' by said
company shall provide that the lessee may purchase
the lands leased, at a price stipulated in the lease, at
any time within the term thereof, which shall not in
any case exceed the time when this corporation will
expiro by virtue of this act.
Mr. JOHNSON. Allow me to suggest to
the honorable member that that does not get
clear of the objection. That proviso only
applies to cases in which the corporation may
lease the lands purchased by them ; but they
may purchase and hold lands. That they have
a right to do.
Mr. MORRILL. They are to have the right
"to lease or purchase and hold lands, and sub-
let or sell apd convey the same for use, settle-
ment, and cultivation." I think the general
objects of the bill will be found to be com-
mendable. Whether it is attended with the
dangers that are stated is a matter for the Sen-
ate to judge.
Mr.^ CONNESS. The objeets as stated in
the bill unquestionably are commendable as
assumed by the honorable Senator from Maine,
and the names that are mentioned in connec-
tion with this corporation are among the best
in our country. But it is proposed to organize
a corporation which may pass immediately
from those persons to altogether a different
control. The control of this company may
pass from the hands of the persons named in
the bill within a year after its organization;
and so far as the declared purposes are con-
cerned, the authority to be acquired under it
may be converted, to the extent that the scheme
is capable of, or that the law permits, to very
bad purposes. The whole theory of the legis-
lation of the Congress of the United States, as
I understand it, and I think as we all under-
stand it, now is to make the people of the
United States owners of the soil on which
they live, not tenants; and every scheme that
contemplates a tenancy for any length of time
is one that is odious and objectionable. Ten-
ancy has made a civil war in one part of the
country already, and measures had to be re-
sorted to finally to put an end to it which were
of very extensive character; I mean in the State
of New York. It was found to be an evil so
great that it was necessary to overcome it, as
during the recent war it was found necessary to
exercise extraordinary powers, perhaps not
warranted, at least in the opinion of some,
under the Constitution. To organize such a
system now does not seem to me to be in ac-
cordance with the spirit or theory upon which
the Government goes at present.
It may be said that this is far-fetched. I do not
think so. In the United States, by the benefi-
cent action of this Government, the means of
acquiring land are now placed really within the
hands of every human being who desires it
and who is capable of using it. Those who are
able to purchase land at $1 2-5 an acre can get
an abundance of it. The mode of disposition
is made easy and ready and simple by the Gov-
ernment of the United States. Those who are
not able to buy land may go and settle on. the
public land, and acquire it for nothing, without
money and without price, by living upon it and
cultivating it for five years. Certainly that
means is easy enough. Now, if any corpora-
tion wish to promote settlement and ownership,
let this bill be changed so that benevolent per-
sons and able persons shall act as pilots, if you
please, as directors and advisers and instru-
ments to take the poor and aid them in getting
upon these lands, to aid them in their prelim-
inary work, to furnish them with the necessary
capital; but let them not by any instrumentality
whatever be placed as owners over those people,
and let no part of the people of the United
States be placed in the position of tenants of
any other portion of the people by any act of
Congress.
■ The bill appears to me to be obnoxious in /
these respects in addition to the fact that it
creates (as Congress has the right to create) a
corporation within the District of Columbia, but
which may be coextensive in its operation with
the extent of the United States. It is the equiv-
alent, in other words, practically, of the erec-
tion by Congress of a corporation within every
State in the Union for the manipulation and
handling of lands within each State.
Mr. CRESWELL.. TheSenator from Maine
in his remarks alluded to, a bill which I pre*
