3464
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
lature of that Slate in favor of the grant;' a let-
ter from Colonel W. F. Reynolds, topograph-
ical superintendent of the lake surveys, show-
ing the necessity and practicability of the work,
an official map accompanying the same; and a
petition signed by twenty-five hundred miners,
masters of vessels, merchants, and others, of
Lake Superior, the lake cities, and by citizens
of New York, Boston, Hartford, Philadelphia,
and other cities.
In addition to all the foregoing, your com-
mittee have had before them numerous other
letters and petitions praying for the grant,
The bill has passed the Senate and has been
unanimously approved by the House Commit-
tee on Public Lands. And I have been directed
to report the same back with the recommenda-
tion that it pass. I therefore call the previous
question, and ask that a vote may be now taken.
Mr. PRICE. I only wish to say that it is
a most singular thing that such a bill as this
should come from a committee that has here-
tofore insisted so pertinaciously upon having
limits -to land grants. Here is a bill without
any limitation whatever, I believe, unless it be
the boundaries of this continent.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, I desire to
know whether this amendment which I hold in
my hand is germane or not. If it is I desire
to offer it.
Mr. DRIGGS. I will hear it read before I
agree to allow it to be offered.
The Clerk read as follows:
New Haves, .June 27,1866.
To Hon. H. C. Demino, 291 E street:
The constitutional amendment finally approved to-
day, 125 to 8s. "VVe arc firing one hundred suns.
JOSEPH R. HAWLEY.
[Laughter. J
The SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
amendment is not germane.
Mr. DlllGGS. I will say, in reply to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Price,] that no
lands are to be acquired by this company until
they have completed all their work. The time
is limited to two years, and the lands are con-
fined to the upper peninsula of the State of
Michigan. If that is not so I will have it
inserted.
Mr. RICE, of Maine. How much land does
it grant?
Mr. DRIGGS. One hundred thousand acres.
The bill was ordered to a third reading;
and it was accordingly read the third time
and passed.
Mr. DlllGGS moved to reconsider the vote
by which the bill was passed ; and also moved
that the motion to reconsider be laid upon the
table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate
by Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the
House that the Senate had agreed to the re-
quest ot the House for a committee of con-
ference on the disagreeing votes of the two
Houses on House bill No. 513, to reduce in-
ternal taxation and to amend an act entitled
"An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public
debt, and for other purposes," approved June
30, 1SG4, and acts amendatory thereof, and
that it had apppointed as managers on the
part of the Senate Messrs. Fessenden, Van
Winkle, and Guthrie.
LAND GRANT TO MINNESOTA.
Mr. DONNELLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back bill of the Senate
No. 156, making an additional grant of lands to
the State of Minnesota in alternate sections to
aid in the construction of railroads in said State.
The Senate amendments were agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY. I move the previous
question on the bill.
The previous question was seconded and the
mam question ordered.
The bill, as amended, was ordered to a third
reading: and it was accordingly read the third
time and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter .motion was agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY also, from the same com-
mittee, reported back bill of the House No.
382, granting lands to the State of Minnesota
for the establishment of an asylum for the relief
of disabled soldiers and sailors of that State and
of the United States.
Mr. DONNELLY. I demand-the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and
read a third time; and being engrossed, it was
accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill wa3 passed ; and also
moved to lay the motion to reconsider upon
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY, from the same commit-
tee, reported back bill of the House No. 191,
to amend an act making a grant of lands to the
State of Minnesota to aid in the construction
of a railroad from St. Paul to Lake Superior,
approved- May o, 1864.
Mr. MORRILL. I would like to make an
inquiry or two of the gentleman in relation to
this matter. I would like to know how many
of these bills there are behind. We seem to
be passing these measures without any knowl-
edge, so far as I can ascertain, of what they
are. We have already passed a hill giving six
hundred and forty acres of the most valuable
lands in the United States.
Mr. DONNELLY. I would say, in reply to
the gentleman's question, that this bill does
not make any additional grant of lands. It
only changes the boundaries and location of
the land grant already made. There has been a
grant of land made to Minnesota to build a very
important railroad from St. Paul, which is the
head of navigation on the Mississippi river, to
Lake Superior. The city of St. Paul, anxious
to encourage the building of that road, has
offered a bonus of 5250,000, provided the road
should be built on the most direct line practi-
cable. The result is that the company have to
carry their road very close to the boundaries
of the State of Wisconsin, and as the grant is
confined to Minnesota, and the road necessarily
in the center of the grant, the value of the land
grant is impaired to that extent, unless it is
allowed to take the same amount of lands in
Minnesota further to the west. That is all that
this bill proposes to do.
Mr. MORRILL. I would ask the gentleman
from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly] if there is in
this bill the same provisions that there were in
the former bill.
Mr. DONNELLY. Precisely.
Mr. MORRILL. I do not know that the
gentleman has seen a map of the State of
Minnesota, such as I saw a day or two since.
If I had it here, so as to show the House the
lines drawn across it, indicating the grants that
have been given to railroads, I think it would
rather surprise the House. And it is the same
with other western States. These western
States are covered all over with railroad grants
as with a gridiron ; the whole country com-
pletely braided. I think that no bill in rela-
tion to these railroads ought hereafter to pass
without a close inspection by the House.
Mr. DONNELLY. This bill has been
thoroughly inspected by the Committee on
Public Lands, whose business it is to look into
the details of such measures. I am not sur-
prised that gentlemen coming from small and
rock-bound States like Vermont can scarcely
appreciate the condition of our western States.
The State of Minnesota, for instance, is twice
the size of the State of New York, and it con-
tains, according to the United States Annual
Record for 1864, 90,776,000 acres of public
lands. In those great expanses of plain and
level country, railroads are as important as
population. And we should not be guided by
any narrow or illiberal spirit in this species of
legislation.
By the homestead law we have already re-
linquished all intention on the part of the Gov-
ernment to derive revenue from the public
lands of the United States. We have offered
them to the whole world upon condition of
settlement alone. It is then to us simply a
question of the administration of this great
public donation so Set apart for the good of
mankind. And I say, speaking here as a west-
ern man, and responsible to my constituents
for what I say, that railroads are as important
to that country as population. I have seen the
map to which the gentleman from Vermont
[Mr. Morrill] refers. But he does not un-
derstand, as western men do, the character of
that map. He must recollect that that map
not only represents the actual direct grant, to
the railroads, which is ordinarily limited within
ten miles on each side of the line of the road,
but that there is also represented on that map
the secondary or contingent grant, extending
twenty miles on each side of the road, from
which deficiencies are to be made up. As I
said here the other day, I do not believe that
the State of Minnesota has received for rail-
road purposes one sixth of the public lands
in that State; I doubt if it has received one
fourth.
But, sir, this reasoning, while it is proper
that it should be presented to the House in
answer to the argument of the gentleman from
Vermont, [Mr. Morrill,] does not apply to
this particular case, because this bill does not
give a single foot of public land in addition to
what_has been already granted. It is merely
a shifting westward of the boundary lines of
the grant, a matter of accommodation to the
company, which may thus be enabled to con-
struct their important railroad in as direct and
short a line as possible without any detriment
to their land grant. If there are no other in-
quiries to be raised, I will call the previous
question.
_ Mr. ROSS. I will say that if we have not
given Minnesota more than a fourth of our
public lands in that State, it might be as well
for the gentleman to introduce a bill lo give
the State the balance.
Mr. DONNELLY. I have no doubt that
when the delegation from Minnesota ask for it
Congress will respond liberally, not for our
sakes alone, but because we are doing a great
and national work there ; we are developing
great communities there, and thus benefiting
the whole country. And when my friend, the
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means,
[Mr. Morrtlt,,] shaUsucceedingettingthrough
his great measures for raising revenue, he will
find in the mass of population and settlement
spread over the great West the best testimony
in favor of the wisdom of that policy which has
encouraged the building of railroads by grants
of public lands; and the best basis not only for
the collection of revenue, but for the prosperity
of the whole land. We deserve well of the
country. We are laying the foundation for a
mighty_ future and the whole nation is inter-
ested in our work. I demand the previous
question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call
for the yeas and nays on this bill.
Mr. FARQUHAlt. I desire to inquire of the
gentleman from Minnesota [Mr. Donnelly]
whether in this grant the alternate sections are
reserved.
Mr. DONNELLY. They are; the grant is
precisely the same in its details as all other
land grants.
Mr. GRINNELL. I simply wish to inquire
of the gentleman from Minnesota whether the
objection made in regard to giving away these
public lands is not one unworthy to be uttered
here, when the Government charges just double
the usual price for the reserved alternate sec-
tions. And I would also suggest that there can
be no objection to this bill, because by it no
additional land is given.
Mr. DONNELLY. I thank the gentleman
for the suggestion. I have already said that
