1866.
THE 00ISTGrKESSIONAL GLOBE.
3465
this bill does not give afoot of land in addition
to the former grant, but simply changes the
western boundary of the grant. I renew the
call for the previous question.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I wish
to ask the gentleman from Minnesota a ques-
tion : does not this bill propose to vary t\ie
original grant?
Mr. DONNELLY. It proposes to change
the shape of the land grant; that is to say, the
effect will be that the road, instead of running
through the center of the land granted, will
run through the eastern part of the grant.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Then it
simply proposes that this company shall have
a further choice of the public lands.
Mr. DONNELLY. Yes, sir. I call for the
previous question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered; and under the opera-
tion thereof the bill was ordered to be en-
grossed and read a third time; and being
engrossed, it was accordingly read the third
time.
The question being on the passage of the bill,
Mr. DONNELLY called for the previous
question.
The previous question was seconded and the
main question ordered.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I call for
the yeas and nays on the passage of the bill.
The yeas and nays were not ordered.
Mr. DAWSON. I call for tellers ori ordering
the yeas and nays.
Tellers were not ordered.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 move that the bill be
laid on the table, and on that motion I call for
the yeas and nays.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 45, nays 73, not voting
G4 ; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Ancona, Benjamin, Bergen, Blow,
Boutwell, lioyer, llroomall,_Cobb, Conkling, Dawes,
Dawson, Denison, Dixon, Eliot, Ii'inck, Glos^brenner,
Goodyear, Hale, Hulburd, Humphrey. Kerr, Ket-
cham, George V. Lawrence, Marston, McOullough,
Mooihead, Morrill, Niblack, Nicholson, Noell, Pat-
terson, Pike, Samuel J. Randall, William H. Randall,
Raymond, Bitter,Rollins,. Ross, Sitgreaves, Stevens,
Strousc, Taber, Trimble, Upson, Williams, and Win-
field—15. , ,
NAYS—Messrs, Alley, Allison, Ames, Anderson,
DelosR. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Darker, Beaman,
Bidwell, Bingham, Biomwcll, Buckland, Cook, Da-
vis, Doming, Dodsro, Donnelly, Driggs, Dumont, Eck-
ley, Egfilcston, Farquhar, Ferry, Grider, Grinnell,
Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Holmes, Hotchkiss, Asa-
hel W. llubbaid, Demas Hubbard, Johnll. Hubbard,
James R. Hubboll, Insersoll, Julian, Ivclley, Kelso,
Kuykendall, Laflin, Latham, William Lawrence,
Longyear, Marshall, McKee, McRuer, Mereur, Mil-
ler, Morris, Myers, O'Neill, Orth, Paine, Perham,
Price John II. Rice, Sawyer, Scofield, Shellabarger,
Stilwell. Thayer, Trowbridge, Robert T. Van Horn,
Ward, Waincr. Heiirv D. Washburn, William B.
Washburn, Walker. Wcntworth, James F. Wilson,
Windom, and Woodbridgc—73. ,
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Baker, Baldwin, Banks,
field, Uriswold. Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding,
Harris Hart, Hill, llogan, Hooper, Chester D. Hub-
hard Edwin N. Hubbell, Jenckes, Johnson, Jones,
Kasson, Le IHond, Loan, Lynch, Marvin, McClurg,
McIndo£, Moulton, Nowoll, Phelps, Plants. Poinc-
roy, Radford. Alexander II. Rico, Rogers, llousseau,
Schenek. Shanklin, Sloan, Smith. Spalding, Starr,
Taylor, Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, fhornton.
Van Aernam, Buit Van Horn, Elihu I>. Wasiibunie,
Stephen F. Wilson, and "Wright—64.
So the House refused to lay the bill on the
table.
The question recurring on the passage of
the bill, it was agreed to.
Mr. DONNELLY moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed ; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
message from tiij3 president.
Several messages in writing from the Presi-
dent of the United States were delivered to
the House by Mr. Edward Cooper, his Secre-
tary ; who also informed the House that the
President had approved and signed bills and
a joint resolution of the following titles :
An act (H. R. No. 249) to establish a land
office in the Territory of Idaho ;
An act (H. R. No. 342) in amendment of an
act to promote the progress of the useful arts
and the acts in amendment of and in addition
thereto; and
A joint resolution (II. R. No. 1G2) for the
relief of James M. Blake.
fort howard military reserve.
Mr. DONNELLY, from the Committee on
Public Lands, reported back Senate bill No.
1G8, to provide for the disposal of certain lands
therein named.
The bill, which was read, provides that the
Commissioner of the General Land Office shall
be authorized to cause to be offered at public
auction all the unsold lots of that portion of
the public domain known as the Fort Howard
Military Reserve, which is situated in the
.county of Brown, and State of \\ isconsin, giv-
ing not less than two months' notice of the lime
and place of such sale, by advertising the same
in such newspapers and for such period of time
as he may deem best. Every such lot shall be
sold separately to the highest bidder for cash,
and when not paid for within twenty-four hours
from the time of purchase, it shall be liable to
be resold under the order of the Commissioner
of the General Land Office, at such reasonable
minimum as may be fixed by the Secretary of
the Interior, and no sale shall be binding until
approved by that officer. It also provides that
it shall be the duty of the President to cause
patents to be issued in due form of law for every
such lot, as soon as may be after purchase and
payment.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and this bill goes over until next Sat-
urday morning.
speaker's table.
Mr. DAWES moved that the House proceed
to the consideration of the business on the
Speaker's table.
The motion was agreed to.
northern kansas railroad, etc.
The SPEAKER then laid before the House
the message from the Senate in which it was
announced that the Senate had disagreed to
the amendments of the House to the bill (S.
No. 145) entitled " An act granting lands to the
State of Kansas to aid in the construction of
the Northern Kansas railroad and telegraph,"
had asked a conference on the disagreeing votes
of the two Houses, and appointed as conferees
on the part of the Senate Messrs. Pojieroy,
Brown, and Riddle.
The conference asked for was agreed to.
woodward and chorpenning.
Tilie next business on the Speaker's table
waSi-tho amendments of the Senate to House
joint resolution No. 123, for the relief of Eliz-
abeth Woodward and George Chorpemiing,
of Pennsylvania. The resolution provides for
the payment of S3^,325, in equal moieties,
to Elizabeth Woodward, widow of Absalom
Woodward, and George Chorpemiing, for de-
struction of property by Indians between Salt
Lake and California prior to the 1st of July,
1852; the moiety paid to Elizabeth Woodward
to be for the use of herself and her four chil-
dren. It also provides for the payment of
$30,070 to George Chorpenning for property
destroyed by Indians between Salt Lake and
California prior to the 1st of April, 1856; and
the amount thus paid' is to be deducted from
any annuities now due or that may hereafter
become due to the Indians inhabiting that
territory.
The amendments of the Senate were read.
The first amendment was in section one, line
three, to strike out "332,325" and to insert
" $28,175."
The next amendment was in section two,
line two, to strike out "530.070" and to
insert "$20,370.''
Mr. DAWES. Mr. Speaker, this was unan-
imously agreed to by the committee here, and
reported on favorably in the Senate, but the
amendments which have been read were
adopted reducing the amount. The parties
are compelled to acquiesce from necessity.
The amendments were concurred in.
Mr. DAWES moved to reconsider the vote
by which the amendments were concurred in;
and also moved that the motion to reconsider
be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
freedmen's bureau.
The next business on the Speaker's table
was the message from the Senate which an-
nounced that the Senate had passed the bill
(II. R. No. 613) entitled "An act to continue
in force and to amend an act to establish a
Bureau for the Relief of Frocdmen and Refu- ■
gees, and for other purposes," with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
Mr. ELIOT moved that the House non-con-
cur in the amendments of the Senate, and that
a committee of conference be requested on the
disagreeing votes of the two Houses.
It was so ordered.
granting american registers.
Mr. PIKE, by unanimous consent,, submitted
the following resolution ; which was read, con-
sidered, and agreed to:
licsolved, That tho Committee on Commerce bo
directed to inquire into the expediency of providing
that in all cases that may bo reported by them ior
granting American registers to foreign-Tniilt vessels,
the owneis of vessels shall, before receiving such
American rosisters. pay lorty percent, ad valorem 01
said vessels yito tho Treasury of the United ,States—
forty per cent, being the average of duties under tho
existing tariff.
ditching company.
Mr. COBB, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to incorporate the United States
Fencing, Ditching, and Land-Reclaiming Com-
pany ; which was read a tirst and second time
and referred to the Committee for the District
of Columbia.
LAWS OF DAKOTA TERRITORY.
Mr. ASIILEY, of Ohio, at the request of
Mr. Bum,high, by unanimous consent, intro-
duced a bill to provide for the publication of
the laws of Dakota Territory ; which was read
a first and second time and referred to the Com-
mittee on Territories.
IltON-CLAI) NAYY-YARD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a mes-
sage from the President transmitting a commu-
nication from the Secretary of the Navy, with
a report of the board of examiners appointed
under jointresolution of June 1,1800, to exam-
ine a site for a fresh-water basin for iron-clad
vessels of the United States Navy; which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
honors to rebel dead.
The SPEAKER also laid before the House
a message from the President in answer to a
resolution of the House as to whether any of
the civil or military employes of the Govern-
ment have assisted in the rendition of public
honors to the rebel living or dead : which was
laid upon the table, and ordered to be printed.
army rill.
On motion of the SPEAKER, Mr. AVash-
imt.ne, of Illinois, detained from the House by
illness, and at his own request, was excused
from service on the cominmittee of conference
on the Army bill, and Mr. Thayer was ap-
pointed in bis place.
tariff.
Mr. MORIULL moved that the rules bo sus-
pended* and the House resolve itself into tho
Committee of the Whole on the slate of the
Union on the special order.
The motion was agreed to.
The House accordingly resolved itself into
the Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union (Mr. Scofield in the chair) and pro-
ceeded to tho consideration of House bill No.
718, to provide increased revenue from imports,
and for other purposes. .
Ml'. MORRILL. Mr. Chairman, at this late
period of tlie session and in this hot weather I
