1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
be impracticable to enforce the provision de-
priving the men who were engaged in the rebel-
lion of the right of voting, it will provide
that they shall vote for none but those who
have been loyal. The loyal men will be en-
couraged, because the nation will say to them,
"You alone, who have remained true, shall
hold" office," following out the resolution of
the House that" treason is a crime, and ought
to be punished." As Nobody expects now
that any traitors will be hanged (which is the
punishment provided by law) let us cut off
their heads politically, and say to them, you
can never hold office under this Government.
By this means we will affix the brand of
treason upon the traitor's brow; and there I
would have it remain until the snows of win-
ter covered their graves.
In my opinion, we are compelled to do one
of three things: we are compelled to adopt
something of this kind to prohibit these men,
who with treacherous hearts sought the very
life of the nation, from again seizing the offices
of the Federal Government, by excluding them
forever from office ; or we are to turn the loyal
men in all the border States as well as through-
out the whole South over into the hands of the
traitors, with the probability that the nation
itself will follow in the same wake. The second
follows from the refusal to do the first; the first,
in ray opinion, being the only salvation for the
Union and protection of Union men. There
is one other course which might have the effect
of saving the nation with the Union men of
the South. That is, if you will enfranchise
these traitors, then enfranchise all men; and
in that way the vote of the loyal man may
counteract the vote of the traitor. Nov/, so
far as I am concerned, I have not arrived at
the point'yet when 1 can believe that all men
should be enfranchised. But if I am asked
which I would the sooner trust, I would an-
swer that I prefer to trust the meanest black
man with a loyal heart who over wore the chains
of slavery to the most intelligent traitor who
has waged war against my country.
But this House is not prepared to enfranchise
all men ; the nation, perhaps, is not prepared
for it to-day; the colored race are not prepared
for it, probably, and I am sure the rebels are
unfit for it; and as Congress has not the moral
courage to vote for it, then put in this provision
which cuts off the traitor from all political
power in the nation, and then we have secured
to the loyal men that c'ontrol which they so
richly deserve. Wo will then have rewarded
them for their devotion, and punished treason
as it deserves to be punished.
Let me ask gentlemen here, why do you want
these men to vote? Why are you clamorous
for the support of men who have been engaged
in treason, and whose hands are yet reeking
with the blood of more than three hundred
thousand loyal slain? Simply that you may
turn out of power the great Union party who
alone have upheld the Government in this grand
and glorious struggle for liberty; simply that
you may hand the reins of Government over to
the hands of that sickly, pale, copperhead party,
which was only the left wing of Jeff. Davis's
army during the late war. That is why you
want to have them vote, and such would be the
result of the policy if adopted. You do not
want to have traitors punished. Why? Because
you want their aid; you desire that they shall
help you, just as you were willing to help them
during the war which has just closed.
You talk about this question of State rights.
We thought the war had killed that dogma.
But you are now attempting to bring it to life
again. And if you have power enough to do
it with the aid of the votes of traitors you are
willing to summon them here to these Halls
and give them a share in our deliberations.
Now, for one, I want none of it. I desire that
the loyal alone shall rule the country which
they alone have saved. I desire that the brave
and war-worn veteran shall be rewarded for
his toil and privation. I desire that the widows
and orphans of the slain soldiers of the Repub-
lic shall be spared the insult of having traitors
make laws for them. I desire that the loj'al
heart of the nation shall continue in power the
great party wliich sustained our armies in the
field, and I desire that that party shall not be
prevented from rewarding the heroes who
survive with broken and maimed limbs and
feeble bodies; shall not be prevented from deal-
ing out pensions and bounties to the orphans
of the slain soldiers of the Republic.
Permit these men to come back and assume
their places here again, and I tell you to-day
that having obtained equality for themselves
you must go a little further and place their
widows and their orphans upon our pension
list, or they will not vote for any pension to
yours. I want to prevent all that. And when
the charge comes to me that I desire these prop-
ositions carried out in order to perpetuate the
strength of a political party, I reply I do desire
that party still to rule this land, bocause they
alone having been loyal, they alone should rule.
Now, in regard to tho section which forbids
the payment of the rebel debt or compensation
for slaves that have been emancipated, I most
heartily support it. Having already put myself
upon the record in favor of such a proposition,
it is not nccessary I should now say anything
in regard to it. In order to secure the payment
of the national debt, in order to prevent the
payment of compensation for slaves who have
become freemen, and the assumption of the
rebel debt, the control of this Government
must be by the loyal men of the land.
Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the gentle-
man from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson*,] if he desires
to occupy the few minutes I have remaining.
The SPEAKER. The time of the gentle-
man from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] will expire
in four minutes.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, I
desired, when the gentleman from New York
[Mr. Raymoxd] was speaking, to interrupt
him, in ordertliat I might understand fully the
position in which he placed himself concerning
his vote on the civil rights bill. I understood
him to say that he voted against that bill be-
cause, as he believed, Congress had not the
power, under the Constitution, to pass the bill,
and that it would require such an amendment
as is now proposed to clothe us with the power
to pass such a measure. I could not at the
time harmonize that in my mind with the record
of the gentleman during this Congress relative
to the principle involved in the civil rights bill.
The first section of that bill embodies its
essential and vital principle. All the other
sections provide merely for the enforcement
of the principle embraced in the first Section,
which was simply a declaration that all per-
sons without distinction of race or color should
enjoy in all of the States and Territories civil
rights and immunities. Now, sir, the gentle-
man himself introduced early in the session a
bill, the second section of which provides as
follows:
"That all persons bora, or hereafter to bo born,
within tho limits and under the jurisdiction of the
United States, shall be deemed and considered, and
are hereby declared, to be citizens of the United
•State?, and entitled to all rights and privileges as
such."
The first section proposes to amend our
naturalization laws by striking out the word
"white;" and the bill itself is intended to
confer upon negroes and all other persons
boru within the United States, without dis-
tinction of color, the rights of citizens of the
United States.
After that bill had been introduced by the
gentleman from New York he made a speech,
in which I find one of the propositions whicli
he laid down as proper to be enforced by this
Congress against tho people of the southern
States was in this language:
" I think, in the third place, wo should provide by
law for giving to the frcedmcn of the South all the
rights of citizens, in court3 of law and elsewhere."
Now, he did not mean that such provision
should be made by a constitutional amend-
ment : for in his fifth proposition he goes on to
say:
" Fifth, I would make such amendments to the
Constitution as may seem wise to Congress and the
States, acting freely and without coercion."
So that his third proposition had no refer-
ence to this. And in fact he precludes any
such construction by using the term "law."
He says:
"We should provide bylaw forgiving to the freed-
men of tho South all tho rights of citizens, in courts
of law and elsewhere."
Now, sir, that proposition of the gentleman
is broader than the provision of the civil rights
bill. _ It involves the entire principle; arid if
we give a reasonable construction to the term
' • elsewhere," we may include in that the jury-
box and the ballot-box.
_ It doe3 seem to me, sir, that the explanation
given by the gentleman for his vote against the •
civil rights bill cannot be supported upon this
record. If the gentleman will say that he voted
against thatbill because of the sections following
the first, that may raise a different question 
The SPEAKER. The half hour of the
gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] has
expired.
Mr. ELDRIDGE obtained the floor.
Mr. RAYMOND. I will inquire of the
gentleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldridge]
whether he will not allow the gentleman from
Iowa to finish what he has to say and allow me
to reply. It need not come out of the gentle-
man's time. Let it be regarded as an inde-
pendent portion of the debate.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I will consent to that if
the House will.
The SPEAKER. If the gentleman from
■Wisconsin does not claim the floor now, the
Chair will recognize the gentleman from Iowa.
Mr. ROGERS. My information is that this
bill is to be brought to a vote to-morrow. There
are a number of gentlemen who wisli to speak;
and I suppose it is desirable to give as many
an opportunity as possible.
Tho SPEAKER. The Chair understands
that the bill is to be brought to a vote to-mor-
row; and there are some thirty gentlemen who
desire to speak.
Mr. ROGERS. I do not think it feir that
time should be taken in this way. I do not
object myself; but I think as many members
as possible should be allowed an opportunity
to speak.
Mr. RAYMOND. I think that when one
gentleman makes a personal point against
another an opportunity should be allowed
for a reply.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. I have no objection to
yielding to the gentlemen if I can have the
floor as soon as this personal question is dis-
posed of. But I do not wish the time to come
out of my thirty minutes.
Mr. HIGBY. I believe that we adopted, a
day or two ago, a stringent rule as to tho allot-
ment of time iu this debate; and I shall object
to any departure from that rule.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I have said nearly
all I intended to say.
Mr. HIGBY. lido not withdraw my objec-
tion. Gentlemen will have an opportunity to
be hoard before this debate is closed. I have
no idea of closing this debate to-morrow. I
do not, believe in it.
Mr. ROGERS. Nor do I.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman from
Wisconsin will proceed.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Mr. Speaker, I do not
intend to make an argument on the merits of
this joint resolution on the present occasion.
On the 25th of January last I gave my views
and made such arguments as occurred to me
against a similar proposition to one of these
then reported from the joint committee of fif-
teen as an amendment to the Constitution. I
have not had occasion to change the views I
then expressed. I still believe, as I did then,
that wo ought not to amend the Constitution
so as to provide a fundamental _ law for a
people not represented in the notion on that
amendment. I believe now as I did then,
that all the States formerly composing the
Union were then and are now States of the
Union. I do not believe the rebellion was
successful in any manner to accomplish seces-
