1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1545
sented to the Senate a short time ago, and had
referred to his committee, as containing like
provisions with this bill. I think that bill is
altogether different in spirit from this. That
was directed to the purposes of manufacturing
and mining. I conceive these to be legitimate
subjects for an aggregation of capital with a
view to prevent too great personal risks. The
object of the corporators there is to develop
the mining and manufacturing interests of the
country. Although that bill maybe amenable
to the objection that, it is designed, and that its
language expresses as the design of the bill, to
give powers outside of the District of Colum-
bia, that is a question of law which it is proper
for the committee and for the Senate to deter-
mine. but I think that the objects of that bill |
are perfectly proper and legitimate. I
But my objection to this bill is the object
which the bill itself asserts. It alleges here, in |
so many words, that the object is to purchase ■
or lease and generally to speculate m lands. '
The word "speculate" is not used, but at any
rate the most enlarged powers are given for
that purpose.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the Senator allow me,
while he is precisely on that point, to suggest,
to him that lie will get a more definite idea of
the object proposed bv a reference to the fif-
teenth and sixteenth lines of the first section,
'•For the encouragement of settlements and
the organization of industry in. the American
States?"
Mr. CONNESS. Very handsome !
Mr. ORES WELL. T observed that—"the
encouragement uf settlements and the organi-
zation of industry in the American States, wit h
a capital of S3.000,000." It arrays capital in
that respect aiaiusl the. interests of the indi-
vidual. 1 think (he policy of the Government
has been to give every encouragement to actual
settlers who are disposed to take possession of
and hold the lauds of the General Government.
There is no ditlieulty in their way. lint this
is arraying against their interests this immense
corporation with a capital of !>!,OUO.OOO. It
is in that aspect that I view the bill unfavor-
ably.
Mr. JOHNSON. Besides, there is no per-
sonal responsibility on the part of the directors
or corporators.
Mr. CRESWELL. None at all.
Mr. JOHNSON. I do not mean to inter-
rupt my colleague, [Mr. Cr.i;swi:i,i„J I am
through. I rose simply to say thai there was
no limila'ion; and as far as the capital is
concerned, the Senate will see that it will be
entirely in the discretion of the corporators
whether fbey will p.13- up anything. They arc
authorized to have a capital of iSj.000,000: but
if you look to the succeeding section, you will
find thai when that is to bo paid up, in what
amounts it is to be paid up depends altogether
upon the companj' itself. The moment they
are chartered they get credit: they can go into
the market and buy upon that credit any
amount of lands and sell them without paying
up a dollar. The whole thing appears to me
to be in its result a great speculation—a very
great speculation. We have some land in
Maryland that our people will sell. J undei-
stood the Senator from New llanipohiic to say
they had 110 land in New Hampshire.
Mr. CLARK. Not of this kind.
Mr. JOHNSON. None that any money
could be made out of. [Laughter.] We have
lands in Maryland that may be purchased to
advantage: and this company may go into the
lower portion of our State, 011 the Eastern
Shore of Maryland, because of the snddon
change in the system of labor that has caused
more or less destitution, and they may buy up
the whole of those lands on credit, and prom-
ise to pay for them in a year hence or three
years hence, and in that way become the pro-
prietor of one third of our State.
Mr. CLIESWELL. They cannot, buy one
third of Maryland for three millions.
ill-. JOHN,SUN. I do not know.
Mr. ORES WELL, i do.
Mr. JOHNSON. That depends upon what
they offer. They are not limited to $3,000,000
in buying ; they may buy to the amount of
St 00.000,000 or $300,000,000. The limitation
of $3,000,000 is only upon the capital, but
there is no limitation upon the amount of
property they may purchase. They may pur-
chase, if they can induce the people of Mary-
land to sell, one third or more of the State.
I do not know what would become of Dela-
ware, and what would become of Rhode Island
under such a system. I suppose the company
could buy up the territory of Rhode Island
comparatively cheap, because there is very
little land there, lint it is a new principle, it
seems to me. in State legislation, and certainly
entirely new in congressional legislation to
charter a company with an authority to bny
up lands without any limitation, all over the
country, everywhere. They are authorized to
make leases, and in the contracts of lease they
may prot ide that tlicv will sell to the lessee the
fee-simple. Yi'ell, who is to be the lessee? f
understood my friend from Maine to say that
the bill was founded in part upon the theory of
encouraging immigration. Then a lessee may
be a man who has just got into the country, an
alien, not a citizen ; and yet wo give to this
company the authority to give an alien the right
to purchase in fee the lands of a State. That
has always been supposed to depend entirely
on the State legislation.
Mr. MOR.RI hb. So it would be under this
bill.
Mr. JOHNSON. So it would not on the
face of the bill, because the language of the
clause is that they may by the terms of the
leases provide " that the lessee may purchase
the lauds leased.'' Now, if in point of fact he
is an alien and is not authorized by the laws
of the State to hold lands in fee, the poor fel-
low may be induced by having upon the face
of the lease an agreement to purchase, to be-
lieve that he can purchase, and by purchasing
be a tenant, in fee-simple of the land purchased.
We ought not to put it in the power of a com-
pany to lead men astiay in that particular.
lint 1 object to the billon the broader ground
that the principle itself, looking to what may
be accomplished by means of the bill, is ail
wrong ami proved to have been wrong in the
judgment of our predecessors by the entire
absence ol'legislaf ion of ibis description either
under the authority of the United States or
under that of lhe States.
.Mr 01,A UK. J want to call the attention
of the Senate a little more directly, if 1 can, to
what is proposed by the bill, and that is to in-
corporate a larije company hero with a largo
capital in the District of Columbia, where there
is no pretense in the world that the company
is going to operate, for there are 110 lands here
to be bought, but to incorporate a company
here by Congress that shall go into any of the
States and operate in the Stales.
Mr. JOHNSON. That is the object.
Mr. OLA UK. That is the great \iee of the
bill, as it seems to mo; and the ijucstiou pie-
sents ilself In Congress whether they will un-
deitake legislation of this kind. These may
! be all very good men and \ery good corpora-
tors, and yet for all that the State, of Virginia.
| If they were to undertake to operate in the
i State of Virginia, might hay, "We do not desire
1 to have any such corporation operate within
j our State ; they may operate in a way that may
! not be satisfactory to us, and if they do, what
I remedy have we?" So might say the State of
! North Carolina. So might say the Slate of
! Iowa, "What remedy have we?" And what
I remedy has the Stale? Suppose this company
j should" abuse its trust in the State of Iowa and
j was acting in a manner not satislactory to the
population, what can that population or that
i government do about it,? Conic here and ask
Congress to repeal, alter, or modity the char-
ter; but they have 110 redress of themselves,
none at all. The Senator from Maryland says
so they might operate in every State in a way
that would be objectionable to the Slate, the
company chartered within this District by Con-
gress, and the States have 110 redress except
through Congress.- ?
Now, I say if this corporation or "any corpo-
ration wants to operate in the State of Iowa by
associated wealth, lot them go to the. State of
Iowa and ask the Legislature of Iowa to grant
tliem that method of operation and grant them
a charter, one which lhe State of Iowa can eon>.
trol. If they desire to operate in South Car-
olina, lot themgo down and ask South Carolina
for a charter, one which South Carolina can
control. I think it is very much better to fol-
low in the respective States the legislation or
want of legislation of those States themselves
in this regard, and not incorporate companies
within this District which may attempt, to op-
erate in this way in the States, or whose object
shall bo to operate in this way.
1 presume it will not be denied by the Sen-
ator from Maine, or anybody else. I presume
it will bo admitted that the object of coming
here and jfiskiug for this act of incorporation
is to create a great company which shall act
outside of the District, not within it.
Mr. MORRILL. That is so.'
Mr. CLARK. That is so. says the Senator
from Maine. Then shall wc here, because we
may legislate, in the District and for the Dis-
trict, underlake in this indirect way to legislate
for every State in the Union? That is what it
does. We make a corporation which may act
in every State in the Union, where we have no
power to grant an act of incorporation.^ We
have no power to go into the State of Louisiana
and say that any number of men shall be a
corporation to take their lands. If we grant
an act, of incorporation to individuals bore, and
then they go into the State of Louisiana and
lake and hold land 
Mr. MORRILL. "Purchase and hold."
Mr. CLARK. That is what 1 mean by "take
and hold;" '' take'' is the ordinary legal phrase.
I do not mean "rob'' when 1 say "take."
Mr. MORRILL. You do not mean to take
lauds from them.
Mr, CLARK. No, but I say "take and hold]'
as I would say "to have and to hold.'' I say it is
better to leave it to the States to decide who shall
operate within their limits in that way, and not
make ourselves liable to the, obnoxious sort of
legislation that I fear this would bo.
1 suppose t.hc Senator from Mainehas accom-
plished his purpose by calling the attention of
the Senate to the bill; and if the motion be
not disagreeable to him, I will now move that
its further consideration be postponed until
to-morrow.
Mr. MOPwRILL. I have no objection.
Mr. CLARK. I submit that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
TREATY OF WASHINGTON.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. 1 move to take up Sen-
ate bill No. (IS, which was reported Lyme a
few din s ago from the Committee 011 Foreign
Relations.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill
(S. No. 08) to carry into effect the fourth arti-
cle of lhe Treaty of Washington concluded
between Great Britain and the United States
011 the 9th of August, 1842, was considered as
in Committee of the Whole. For the purpose
of executing the fourth article of the^ treaty
between the United States and Great Britain,
concluded at Washington on the 9th of Augiffit,
1842, the Secretary of the Treasury is by the
bill directed to pay to the State of Massachu-
setts the sum of $32,088, and to the State of
Maine the sum of $133,908, being at the rate
of v>l per acre for the amount of the public
lands of those two Slates in the possession of
; the classes of persons described iu the fourth
i article of the treaty, as ascertained by a joint
' commission instituted by Massachusetts and
I Maine in 1843, and by a commission instituted
| by Maine in the money to be paid as
soon as the State of Maine shall, by resolutions
j of the Legislature thereof, agree to quiet, by
j good and sufficient releases, all the occupants
