1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong. ... 1st Se£s.
Freedmen's Bureau, dec.—Mr. Garfield.
Ho. of Reps.
their sovereignty is completely destroyed, being
merged in the supreme Federal Government.
(Halleek's International Law, section sixteen,
page 71.)
Ohio cannot make war; cannot conclude
peace; cannot make a treaty with any foreign
Government, cannot even make a compact with
her sister States; cannot regulate commerce;
cannot coin money; and has no flag. These
indispensable attrbutes of sovereignty the State
of Ohio does not possess, nor does any other
State of the Union. We call them States for
want of a better name. We call them States
because the original Thirteen had been so desig-
nated before the Constitution was formed ; but
that Constitution destroyed all the sovereignty
which those States were ever supposed .to pos-
sess in reference to external affairs.
I submit, Mr. Speaker, that the five great
publicists, Grotius, Puffendorf, Bynkershoek,
Burlamaqui, and Vattel, who have been so
often quoted in this debate, and all of whom
wrote more than a quarter of a century, and
some nearly two centuries, before our Consti-
tution was formed, can hardly be quoted as
good authorities in regard to the nature and
legal relationships of the component States of
the American Union.
Even my colleague from the Columbus dis-
trict, [Mr. Shellabarger,] in his very able
discussion of this question, spoke as though a
State of this Union was the same as a State in
the sense of international law, with certain
qualities added. I think he must admit that
nearly all the leading attributes of such a State
are taken from it when it becomes a State of
the Union.
Several gentlemen, during this debate, have
quoted the well known doctrine of international
law, "that war annuls all existing compacts
and treaties between belligerents;" and they
have concluded, therefore, that our war has
broken the Federal bond and dissolved the
Union. This would be true, if the rebel States
were States in the sense of international law—-
if our Government were not a sovereign nation,
but only a league between sovereign States.
I oppose to this conclusion the unanswerable
proposition that this is a nation ; that the rebel
States are not sovereign States, and therefore
their failure to achieve independence was a
failure to break the Federal bond—to dissolve
the Union.
The word "State" which they discussed is
no more applicable to Ohio than to Hamilton
county. The States and counties of this Union
are equally unknown to international law.
There is another expression to which I have
referred, and which is used in an equally am-
biguous manner. We have discussed the ques-
tion here whether these insurgent States are
in the Union. " In the Union !" What do we
mean by the phrase? In one sense, every inch
of soil we own is "in the Union." The Terri-
tory of Utah is in the Union. So is every Ter-
ritory of the West in the Union; that is, under
its authority, subject to its right of eminent
domain. On the other hand, when some gen-
tlemen say these States are "in the Union,"
they mean to include all their relations, all their
rights and privileges, which is quite another
thing. From this ambiguity in the use of terms
have arisen most of the differences of opinion
on this subject.
I would not be understood as saying that
international law has nothing to do with the
question before us. It has much to do_ with it.
It furnished us with the rules of civilized na-
tions in the conduct of war, the rights of bel-
ligerents, the treatment of prisoners, the rules
of surrender, cartel, and parole. Guided by
the precepts of international law, we are ena-
bled to understand the rights and duties of neu-
tral Powers and the legal results of successful
war against domestic enemies and traitors. But
when gentlemen quote the doctrines of inter-
national law in reference to sovereign nations,
and apply them directly to the political status
39th Cow}. 1ST SESS.—No 5.
of the States of this Union, they lead us into
error.
In view of the peculiar character of our Gov-
ernment I ask, in what condition has the war
left the rebel States? Did they accomplish
their own destruction? Did they break the
bonds which bound them to the Union? I an-
swer, they would have done both these things, if
anything short of successful revolution could do
it. It %as not, as some gentlemen hold, merely
an insurrection of individuals. It was not, as
most civil wars are, a war among the atoms, so
to speak, flaming here and there, as fire breaks
out in a hundred places in a city. It was a war
of organized popular masses, or as the Supreme
Court, borrowing the prophetic words of De
Toequeville, calls it, " a territorial civil war,"
in which we granted them belligerent rights,
and claimed for ourselves both belligerent
and sovereign rights. We could pursue them
with war as enemies, or try them by criminal
law as citizens, and hang them as condemned
traitors.
I cannot agree with the distinguished gentle-
man from New York, [Mr. Raymond,] when he
holds tha't we are to deal with the rebels only as
individuals. They struck at the Union through
every instrumentality within reach. Through
personal service in the army, and individual
contributions of money ; through voluntary as-
sociations, to raise men and money; through
popular mass meetings to inflame the passions
and develop all the power of their people:
through township, county, and city corpora-
tions; through State conventions which framed
new constitutions in order the more perfectly
to sever the bonds wfilch held them to the
Union; and, to make a more powerful and
effectual instrument with which to establish
their rebel sovereignty, through State Legisla-
tures, by laws levying taxes for the purchase
of arms, ammunition, and all the materiel of
war, by resolutions denouncing the pains and
penalties of treason against all citizens who re-
fused to join their conspiracy ; and finally, by
a confederation of eleven States, consolidated
into a central sovereign government de facto,
which became the most absolute military des-
potism in modern history—a despotism which
inundated with its deluge of tyranny all State
guarantees, all municipal privileges, and as-
sumed absolute control of all persons and prop-
erty within the limits of its territory. ■ There
was not a conceivable calamity which could
•have befallen us as a nation that they did not
attempt, with all their power and in every avail-
able way, to bring upon us. Individuals fought
us as individuals, States as States fought us, and
if a State can commit treason each of the sinful
eleven committed it again and again. They ut-
terly subverted the governments of their States,
they broke every oath by which they had bound
themselves to the Union, they let go their hold
upon the Union and attempted to destroy it.
What was the tiet.hatbound them to the Union?
For example, what made Alabama a State of the
Union? Read the history of that transaction.
When she had formed a constitution for her-
self in obedience to the law of Congress, when
Congress had approved that constitution as
republican in form, the following act was passed
by the Congress of the United States, approved
by the President, December 14, 1819:
" Resolved hit the Senate and House of Representatives
of the United States in Congress assembled, That the
State of Alabama shall be one, and is hereby declared
to be one. of the United States of Amcriea, and ad-
mitted into the Union on an equal footing with the
original States in all respects whatsoever.'
Now, Alabama may violate a law of Congress,
but she cannot annul it. She may break it, but
she cannot make it void, except by successful
revolution.
By another law of Congress, approved April
20, 1820, it was declared—
"That all the laws of the United States not locally
inapplicable, shall be extended to the State of Ala-
bama, and shall have the same force and offect within
the bame as elsewhere m the United States."
Congress extended our judiciary system over
Alabama, dividing the State into judicial dis-
tricts ; and since that time, year by year, Con-
gress has been covering Alabama with Federal
legislation as with a  et-work of steel. Has
Alabama broken all these bonds? She has
done all she could te break away from the
Union, but she has not been able to destroy
or render invalid one law of the Republic.1
Alabama let go of the Union, but the Union
did not let go of Alabama. We have held her
through four years of war, and wc hold her still.
When she tried to break the Federal bonds we
callcd out millions of men in order that not one
jot or tittle should pass from these laws, but
that all should be fulfilled.
Let the stars ofheaven illustrate our constella-
tion of States. When God launched the planets
upon their celestial pathway He bound them all
by the resistless power of attraction to the cen-
tral sun, around which they revolved in their
appointed orbits. Each may be swept by storms,
may be riven by lightnings, may be rocked b^
earthquakes, may be devastated by all the ter-
restrial forces and overwhelmed in ruin, but
faraway in the everlasting depths the sovereign
sun holds the turbulent planet in its place. This
earth may be overwhelmed Until the high hills
are covered by the sea; it may tremble with
earthquakes miles below the soil, but it must
still revolve in its appointed orbit. So Alabama
may overwhelm all her municipal institutions
in ruin, but she cannot annul the omnipotent
decrees of'the sovereign people of the Union.
She must be held forever in her orbit of obe-
dience and duty.
Mr. STEVENS. If the gentleman from Ohio
[Mr. Garfield] will permit mo, I will ask him
a question. Some of the angels undertook to
dethrone the Almighty, but they could not do
it. And they were turned out of heaven be-
cause they wore unable to break its laws. Are
those devilish angels in or out of heaven?
[Laughter. ]
Mr. GARFIELD. I thank the gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steveks] for his in-
terruption. The angels that kept not their first
estate! Whatwastheirfate? It was the Almighty
who opened the shining gates of heaven and
hurled them down to eternal ruin. They "did
not go without His permission and. help. And
if these States are out of the Union it must be
because the sovereign people of the Republic
hurled them out; because they pleased to let
them go. 1 am glad the gentleman interrupted
me; ithappilyillustrat.es my position.
I will not discuss what we might do with Ala-
bama, but simply what was Alabama herself
able to do, and what she was not able to do
toward breaking up this Union. Two years
ago, when I had the honor for the first time
to address this House, the same question that
is now before us was under discussion. I main-
tained then, as 1 hold to-day, that the rebel
States are not, in any legitimate sense of the
words, out of the Union. I then declared, as
I declare now, that by their own act of treason
and rebellion they had forfeited all their rights
in the Union, but they had released themselves
from none of their obligations. It rests with
the people of the Republic to enforce the per-
formance of these obligations, and, so soon as
the national safety will permit, restore them to
their rights.
I agree with my distinguished colleague, [Mr.
Bingham,] that for Federal purposes the rebel
States are in the Union, but if the expression
be allowable they are out of the Union for State
and municipal purposes.
Mr. BINGHAM. I beg to correct the gen-
tleman. I never used the expression that they
were "States out of the Union," but that,
by reason of their rebellion, they had ceased
to be States, for municipal purposes, in the
Union.
Mr. GARFTELD. Of course I desire to
quote my colleague correctly, for I agree_ with
him, and quote him to strengthen my position,
that the rebel States have not severed the Fed-
