1546
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
of the public lands of Massachusetts and. M amef
whether holding under grants from New Bruns-
wick, or holding by possessory or equitable
possessory titles, according to the reports of
the commissions, so far as they have not been
already quieted by such releases; ■and shall fur-
ther undertake, at its own expense, to quiet,
in like manner, any other possessory rights
• under the fourth article of the treaty which
may hereafter be discovered to exist upon the
public lands of said State of Maine. The Sec-
retary of the Treasury may, at his discretion,
make the payments directed by the act in any
srf the six per cent, securities of the United
States which are or may be authorized by law.
Mr. DOOLITTLB._ _ The principle involved
in this bill of the liability of the UnitedStates
to make compensation for these lands in pur-
suance of the fourth article of the treaty of
Washington has already been passed upon by
Congress in relation to a portion of the lands
which had been granted to private individuals
in what was denominated the Baton grant in the
Plymouth township; there were 8,107 acres of
landivhich were there held under private grants,
and Congress have passed the law which was
necessary to pay for the amount of that land; but
the residue of the land, which was held in pos-
session by settlers in the State of Maine, and a
part of which belonged to the State of Maine
and the State of Massachusetts, and a part of
which belonged to the State of Maine exclu-
sively, has not yet been paid for. The ques-
tion has been before the Committee on Foreign
Relations for several years. On several occa-
sions an effort has been made by the commit-
tee, supposing that it was within the rule of the
Senate, as it was, to carry into effect a treaty
stipulation, to move to put the subject-matter
of this bill upon the general appropriation bill.
Upon that subject discussion has arisen in the
Senate, and when a vote of the Senate has been
taken theyhave decided against its going upon
the appropriation bill because it was regarded
■ somewhat in the nature of aprivate claim. The
principle of the bill I will state in a very few
words.
By the treaty of 1842 it will be remembered
that the State of Maine ceded to Great Britain
over five thousand square miles of the territory
which was claimed by the State of Maine—over
3,200,000 acres of land.
Mr. JOHNSON. England claimed it.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. England claimed it and
Maine claimed it.
Mr. SHERMAN. They ceded something
to us.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. England ceded to us
land on the north side of New Hampshire, on
the north side of New York and Vermont, and
on the north side of Minnesota, a very" large
tract of country. England, it is true, laid claim
to this land. She did not, however, claim it
by right, but by a kind of military necessity.
She wanted it and must insist upon having the
land north of the river St. John in order that
she could have military communication, and it
was upon that ground that England pressed her
claim with a view to her military necessities,
and she would not allow the State of Maine to
own what really belonged to her within the
valley of the St. John, north of the river St.
John. That was the controversy "undoubtedly
between the two Governments. By the treaty
of .Washington it was agreed that we should
cede all north of the St. John, which was I say
a cession of what Maine claimed to be hers
of right of over five^ thousand square miles,
3,200,000 acres. It is true in the same treaty
we acquired Rouse's Point in New York; we
acquired some disputed lands on the north of
New Hampshire and Vermont, and we acquired
also between Pigeon river, I think, and the
Lake of the Woods, on the north side of Min-
nesota, a very large tract of country, and we
settled our northern boundary.
To the two States, Massachusetts and Maine,
who owned the lands in the State of Maine
that once belonged to the State of Massachu-
setts, the sum of $300,000- was paid by way of
compensation for the territory which was sur-
rendered on the north side of the &t. J ohn ;
but on the south side of the St. John a con-
siderable portion of the lands which belonged
to the State of Maine and the State of Massa-
chusetts had been entered upon by settlers
claiming to come in under the British authori-
ties and occupy, and they had selected many
of the very best lands. As a matter of course
settlers going into a territory select the best
lands, the valleys, &e.
In order to settle that matter and adjust it,
the United States agreed, in this treaty of
Washington, in the fourth article, as follows:
"All grants of lands heretofore made by cither
party within the limits of the territory which by this
treaty falls within the dominions of the other party,
shall be held valid, ratified, and confirmed to the
persons in possession under such grants, to the same
extent as if such territory had by this treaty fallen
within the dominions of the party by whom such
grants were made; and all equitable possessory claims
arising from a possession and improvement of any
lot or parcel of land by the person actually in pos-
session, or by those under whom such person claims,
for more than six years before the date of this treaty,
shall in like manner be deemed valid, and be con-
firmed and quieted by a release to the-person entitled
thereto of the title to such lot or parccl of land so
described as best to include the improvements made
thereon; and in all other respects the two contract-
ins parties asree to deal upon the most liberal prin-
ciples of equity with the settlers actually dwelling
upon the territory falling to them, respectively,
which has heretofore been in dispute between them."
As it was unknown how many settlers there
were in this new region of the State of Maine,
and how many of the lands south of the St.
John belonging to the States of Maine and
Massachusetts had been occupicd by them, here
was this general provision made that the .Uni-
ted States, on its part, agreed that release of
title should be executed by the States of Maine
and Massachusetts to all those persons that
had gone in there claiming the lands from the
English authorities, or who were settled upon
these lands, making improvements upon them.
As it was uncertain how many there were on
those lands, the States of Maine and Massachu-
setts instituted a joint commission as early as
1843; and it was ascertained by the report of the
first commission that of the lands which were
held in common between the States of Maine
and Massachusetts 53,822 acres were thus occu-
picd, and deeds were executed by Maine and
Massachusetts, who were then the owners of
the lands. It was also found that 1,521 acres
were the separate property of the State of Maine.
Then there was a second commission; and the
second commission, which was under the State
of Maine, found that there was 63,454 acres of
land which belonged to the State of Maine ex-
clusively, and also 8,107 acres of land which
belonged to private proprietors in the Eaton
grant in Plymouth township. These 8,107
acres Congress has appropriated by law the
sum of money necessary to pay for; and I think
Congress paid for them at about the rate of four
dollars per acre, amounting to over thirty-two
thousand dollars. Those private individuals
who had grants or pretended grants have got
their money; but the States of Maine and Mas-
sachusetts have received nothing, although they
have executed this release of their lands, and
the best lands undoubtedly that could be found
in that section, because such are the lands upon
which the settlers would make their improve-
ments.
In going into a computation and allowing
the States of Maine and Massachusetts but
$1 25 per acre for these lands, the selected
lands by the settlers, we found that Massachu-
setts 
Mr. KIRK WOOD. Will the Senator allow
me a moment before he leaves the point he
has passed over? I wish to put one question.
I have glanced over the report made on this
subject. My mind is not clear on one point.
The States of Maine and Massachusetts were
to get $300,000 for something from the Gen-
eral Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. That was for what lay
north of the St. John, surrendering their ter-
ritory. • - '
Mr. KIRKWOOD. £io the Senator has said,
but I wish he would make the point clear that
the §300,000 was for that, and that only, and
not for whatever those States might surrender
by virtue of the treaty. In other words, I wish
him to show that the $300,000 was not to cover
all that those States surrendered both inside
and outside of that line.
Mr. DOOLITTLE, By reference to the
correspondence which took place between Mr.
Webster, then Secretary of State, and the States
of Maine and Massachusetts, to induce them
to give their assent to have the treaty made,
and the correspondence between Mr. Webster
and Lord Ashburton, the fact will appear that
the $300,000 offered to them was offered in
consideration of the cession north of the St.
John, before the fourth article of the treaty
was agreed upon between Mr. Webster and
Lord Ashburton. The fourth article is clearly
a distinct article. As I stated before, Con-
gress passed upon this case in the appropria-
tion which they made to pay for the lands
owned by individuals in the Eaton grant in the
Plymouth township.
I was going on to state as to the computa-
tion. Computing the lands owned by Massa-
chusetts arid Maine jointly at 52,300 acres, one
half belonging to Massachusetts, 26,150 acres
at $1 25 an acre, would be $32,688. Then
there was belonging to the State of Maine ex-
clusively 64,975acres, which, at§l 25, amounts
to $81,220. Add also $32,088, and you have
Sll3,908 belonging to the State of Maine. I
have been informed that the State of Massa-
chusetts has released to the State of Maine her
claim in relation to this matter. There is a
provision at the end of the bill that the Secre-
tary of the Treasury may at his discretion
make the payments which are here directed to
be made in six per cent, securities of the
United States.
I have stated very briefly the question which
has been unanimously agreed upon by the Com-
mittee on Foreign Relations several times, and
as I stated, the principle involved was decided
by Congress in the appropriation made hereto-
fore. The only reason why this measure has
failed heretofore has been that the Committee
on Foreign Relations supposed it was a proper
matter to put upon an appropriation bill. Now
it is brought forward as a separate claim by
itself.
The bill was reported to the Senate without
amendment, ordered to be engrossed for a third
reading, read the third time, and passed.
ACCEPTANCE or A FOREIGN DECORATION.
On motion of Mr. SUMNER, the joint reso-
lution (S. B. No. 44) authorizing Commodore
William Radford to accept the decoration of
the Equestrian Order of Saint Maurizes and
Lazzaro from the- King of Italy was read a
secoud time, and considered as in Committee
of the Whole.
It proposes to'give the assent of Congress to
Commodore William Radford, of the Navy of
the United States, to accept the decoration of
the Equestrian Order of Saint Maurizes and
Lazzaro, bestowed upon him by the King of
Italy as a reward for the assistance rendered
by him to the Italian frigate Re d'Italia, when
she got ashore near Long Branch.
Mr. SUMNER. There is a verbal amend-
ment which I wish to make. Instead of "Saint
Maurizes and Lazzaro" say simply "Saint
Maurizes." \
The amendment was agreed to.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate as amended, and the amendment was
concurred in.
The joint resolution was ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, was read the third
time, and passed; and the title was amended so
as to read, "A joint resolution authorizing
Commodore William Radford to accept a dec-
oration from the King of Italy."
JOSHUA B. TODD.
^On motion of Mr. RAMSEY, the bill (S. No.
57) for the relief of the heirs of Lieutenant
Joshua D. Todd, late of the United States
