482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
John L. Thomas, Thornton, Trimble, Van Acrnum,
Voorhees, Ward, Elihu B. Washburne, William B.
Washburn, Wentworth. Whales', James 1. Wilson,
Winfiold, and Woodbrid(?e—78. .
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Barker, Culver, Denison,
Briggs, Bumont, Harris, Henderson, ITotehkiss. liui-
burd, Jones, Ketcham, Laflm. Xjoan, Lynch, jUarston,
Marvin, MeCoUough, McRuor, Myers, iSieholsun,
Samuel J. Randall. Alexander H. Rice, Rogers. Rous-
seau. Sawyer. Sitgreavcs, btarr, btrouse, Robert i.
Van Horn, Warner, and Wright—31.
So the resolution was not laid upon the table.
The question recurred on the adoption of the
resolution.
The House divided, and there were—ayes 03,
noes 62.
Mr. ASILLEY, of Ohio, demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. IIii.l and
Taylor were appointed.
The Honse again divided ; and the tellers
reported—ayes 64, noes 02.
So the resolution was adopted.
Mr. HILL moved to rcconsider the vote by
which the resolution was adopted; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider bo laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
jefferson havis.
Mr. JULIAN submitted the following res-
olution, on which he demanded the previous
question:
Mcwhiecl, As the deliberate judgment of this House,
that thospeedy trial of Jefterson Davis ibi the crime of
treason, andhis prompt execution when l'ound '.ruiitv,
are imperatively demanded bv the pcujdo of the Uni-
ted Stales, m order lliat treason may be adeqnately
branded bv tiie nation, traitors mado infamous, and
the icpctitiou ot their crime, as iar as possible, be
prevented.
Mr. SOfTEXCK. I suggest that (ho word
''when'1 1)0 stricken out ami '"if" inserted, so
as to read, "it' found guilty,'' (fee., and insert
the words " either by a civil or military tribunal.''
Mr. ,J IT [J AN. X accept that as a modifica-
tion of my resolution.
Mr. STJiVEXiS. 1 think he had better be
'tried by town meeting. [Laughter.]
Mr. BIXGHAM. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to let this resolution go over, for
the reason that if it is coniined to the mere crime
of treason everybody knows that a military tri-
bunal has no cognizance at all. There are other
crimes with which this man stands charged,
which are cognizable only within the States in
military tribunals of justice. Therefore 1 trust
the gentleman will not press this thing to a vole
in this way without, giving (he House an oppor-
tunity, at leasl, to amend the icsoluliim.
Mr. JULIAN. I mean to insist on the pre-
vious question.
Mr. HAiUilS. 1 move to amend by striking
out the word deliberate," if it. is in order.
The SPEAKER. That is not in order, the
previous question being moved.
Mr. BINGHAM. I appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana, if this resolution must be pressed
to a vote, that he insert after the won! "trea-
son" the words "or other crimes with which
he stands charged."
Several Mkmiseks, Yes, ves.
Mr. .JULIAN. 1 asree to that.
A Mewscr. What are they?
Mr. VOUliIllilSS. i wish to ask the gen-
tleman 
_ Mr. WASHBUR.NE, of Illinois. Mr. Speaker,
•is debate in order?
The SPEAKER. It is not. except by unan-
imous consent, the previous question being
moved.
Mr. STEVEXS. 1 appeal to the gentleman
from Indiana to send this resolution to the Ju-
diciary Committee, as there are resolutions oi
this kind now before them.
The previous question was not seconded, the
ajTes being twenty-six. noes not counted.
Mr. STEVENS. I rise to debate the reso-
lution.
Ine SPEAKER. It then goes over under
the rule.
supjfjlaoe tx the district of coltmnia.
Mr. IA It QUIT Alt submitted the foil Giving
resoiu tion, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Unsolved, That the Committee for the District of
Columbia ho instructed to report an amendment to
the election laivsoft.he District of Columbia, exclud-
ing from the privilege of suffrage within said District
all person?! who have voluntarily borne aims against
the XJnited States or accepted office from the rebels
during the late rebellion.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered ; and under the opera-
tion thereof the resolution was adopted.
pensions to teamsteiis' widows, etc.
Mr. 01i.TII submitted the following reso-
lution, and demanded the previous question
thereon:
Rcioloed, Thai, the Committee on Pensions be di-
rected to inquire into the evpedioncy of errantmsr
pensions to the widows and heirs ot teamsters and
hospital stewards who may have died while in the
service during the late rebellion.
Mr. UPSON. 1 suggest to the gentleman to
include '' wagoners," by inserting that word
after "teamsters."
Mr. OivTlI. J accept the modification.
The previous question was seconded, and the
main question ordered : and under the operation
thereof 1 he resolution as modified was adopted.
PP.iYILEOED QUESTION.
Mr. N1BLACK. Mr. Speaker, I was de-
tained this morning in one of the Departments
longer than 1 anticipated, and therefore my vote
on the resolution offered last Monday by me is
not recorded. Of course I would have voted
for it. 1 did not anticipate that it would be
called up so soon this morning.
chut latino note;*.
The SPEAKER, by unanimous consent,laid
before the House a communication from the
Secretary of the Treasury. IranmiUtinga^iate-
ment prepared by the Cnnipi rol [or of the Cur-
rency of the apportionment of the circulating
notes made to the differs nt banking a.-^uia-
tionx in the various Slates, in reply to a re-so
lulion of the House of January which
wa^ referred to the Committee on .Banking and
Currency, and ordered to be printed.
]irc\ isiox of iievenue laws.
The SPEA KEll also, by unanimous consent,
laid before the llouse the following communi-
cation from the Secretary of the Treasury:
Treasury Dkpau rmknt, Junuanj '29,3806.
Sin.: ileiewitii thaw the honor to pi open t. io you
a repoit Ironi Messrs. Da\ id A. Well.--, Stephen Col-
well. and S. S. 1 layer', a t (pointed a com notion lor t he
revision of tin.' tevenue system ot the l-uit<*d Stale*,
in iievouhim e with tho provision* of the nineteenth
section ot the amendatory aet.of('uoyre^s, approved
March lK< f>.
In predentin?, thNreport it may be proper for me to
remark (ha t, wit h t !u-Mimic exception, perhaps, of the
one in regard tothetime at which the payment of t lie
principal of the national debt, should he commenced,
the recommendations of the commission have my
hearty a pprov al. The verv important wuik devolved
upon the conmn-^ion, as far as it ha.-> been present ed,
hn> been mo.it aduurahlv performed. 1 earnestly ask
that tiie report may receive t he eariv and careful con-
sideration of (Jon^i ess.
1 am, very truly, >our obedbmt servant,
iU'C 11 M< CI LLOCLI,
*S\,<-rchtn/ <>/ ihr JWctsvry.
Hon. Seurvu'r Colk uc,
r oi t!u> h'ous-f> of llfiiwxcAtntivcs.
On motion of Mr. .MO I Lit ILL, the communi-
cation was referred to the Committee of Ways
and Means. ;ind entered to be printed.
Mr. WENTWOUTIL i ask the honorable
chairman of the Committee of Ways and Means
to add to his motion that the Committee on
Printing inquire into the expediency of print-
ing an extra number of copies of that document.
The SPEA IvEit. The gentleman can move
for the printing oi: extra copies, and the motion
will go to the Committee on Printing.
Mr. WENTWOlifif. I move that, the Com-
mittee on Printing be instructed to inquire into
the expediency of printing ten thousand extra
copies of the report.
The motion was referred, under the law, to
the Committee on Printing.
CLEKK TO A COMMITTEE.
Mr. KASSON. by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution j which was
read, considered, and agreed to:
Resolvd, That the Committee on Coinage, "Weights,
and Measures be authorized to employ a clerk, at the
usual rate of compensation, tor not exceeding forty
days during- tho present rossion.
Mr. KASSON moved to reconsider the vote
by which the resolution was adopted: and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
income tax.
Mr. SCHENCK, by unanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution; which was read,
considered, and agreed to:
Resolved, That tho Secretary of the Treasury be re-
quested to inform this House whether the income taxes
levied and collected from the estates of deceased per-
sons whose deaths occurred subsequently to December
31.18015, and prior tothelevy forthatyear, arc treated
by the Treasury Department as lawful collections,
whilein similar cases for subsequent years such taxes
are not collected, or, if collected, are refunded, and if
such be the practicc of the Department, what authority
of law there is for such discrimination.
courts ik rebel states.
Mr. KELLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill securing to non-residentlitigants
the benefit of the jurisdiction of the United States
courts in States lately in rebellion in certain
cases ; which was read a first and second time,
and referred to the Committee on the Judiciary.
IT \RBOH IMPROVEMENTS.
Mr. ELIOT, by unanimous consent, submit-
ted the following resolution ; which was read,
considered, and agreed to :
Resolved, That the Secretary of War be directcd to
communicate to the llouse oi Representatives the va-
rious reports most recently made from officers of the
Engineer corps, of repairs, alterations, and improve-
ments required at different harbors on the sea, on the
lake coasts, and inland rivers, where public works are
built, or ordered, or are in the course of crection, and
to iuve such information as to the appiopriaiious re-
quired for the next tisoal year for tiie advantageous
prosecution of the work, which may bo in the posses-
sion of the Department.
sessions of \ committee.
Mr. MORRILL. I ask the unanimous eon-
sent. of the House that the Committee of Ways
and Means have leave to sit during the sessions
of tho House.
There was no objection ; and the leave was
granted.
united states lite insl'ttance company.
Mi*. ECKLEY, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill toincorporatet.be United States
Life Insurance Company; which was read a
lirst and second time, and referred to the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia.
aukexal explosion.
Mr. JNGERSOLL. [ ask the unanimous
consent of the House to report from the Com-
mittee for the District of Columbia, for action at
this time, a joint resolution for the relief of the
sufferers by the late explosion at the United
States arsenal in this city.
The joint resolution was read. It appropri-
j ate^S2,")()() to be placed by the Secretary of the
Treasury in the hands of Colonel Benton, the
commandant of the arsenal, to be distributed
amunsj the sufferers by the recent explosion ac-
cording to the equities and necessities of Ihejr
several cases, and that said commandant, report
the details of said distribution to Congress with
the vouchers therefor.
Mr. WASHB URNE, of Hlinois. This is one
of a great many cases. There have been explo-
sions at City Point and at other places, and 1
think we had better have a general law. I tliere-
jj fore object to the consideration of the resoiu-
i| lion al this time.
!| steamboat passenger bill.
;! Mr. DARLING, by unanimous consent, in-
jj troduced a bill to amend the act entitled "An
jj act to regulate the carriage of passengers in
■ steamships and other vessels," approved March
3, 1SG3; which was read a first and secondtime,
referred to the Committee on Commerce, and
ordered to be printed.
1? a sis 0e he presentation".
Mr. STEVENS called for the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the follow*-
