3466
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 28,
know the dispatch of business will be hailed
with more good- will than any discussion of great
principles of political economy involving pro-
tection or free trade, or of the minute details
of a tariff bill involving the present condition
of trade, and the nice adjustment of duties on
imports to our system of internal taxation ; and
I shall therefore, as a matter of taste, as well
as from the impossibility of doing otherwise
from sheer exhaustion, trespass upon the pa-
tience of the committee 110 longer thati'may be
necessary to show that some action is impera-
tively required at our hands, and that the action
proposed by the Committee of Ways and Means,
talcing into Careful consideration the circum-
stances of the country, the condition of our
national finances, and the currency with which
all commercial transactions must be conducted,
is reasonable and proper.
The close of the war exhibits a northern loss
by death in the service of not less than two
hundred and fifty thousand men, and an equal
number, it may be computed, have been phys-
ically incapacitated for manual labor. So that
not less than half a million men, between twenty
and thirty years of ago—the athletes of the
world—have suddenly been withdrawn from
. the fields, workshops, and mines of the old
free States of the Union. This loss repre-
sents, in the aggregate, the industrial and vital
force of not less than two million five hundred
thousand ifien, women, and children; and the
two million old men, women, and children,
though survivors and depetidents^of the five
hundred thousand smitten in battle or of those
■who tasted the bitter cup of rebel prisons or
who failed of complete restoration to health
and soundness of body, notwithstanding the
sweet mercies tendered under our own flag, are
the precious legacies of the war, to be provided
for, though consumersandnolongerproducers
of wealth, nor perhaps of even the ordinary
means of subsistence. The loss of the South,
though nominally less, may be practically equal,
as their recuperative power appears compara-
tively inferior and was more crippled by the
relentless track of war.
This great subtraction from the industrial
forces of the country cannot be at once re-
paired. Many of those who went forth to the
war, though untouched by steel, shot, or shell,
have found new fields of enterprise and labor,
as yet unremunerative, but promising in the
end prosperous homes. A wave of popula-
tion has gone southward, hardly perceptible
now, but which is likely to exhibit itself in the
returns of the next, census. Some accessions
from Europe have come, amounting to two
hundred and eighty-seven thousand three hun-
dred and ninety-seven in the year 1865; but
the pitiless war conscriptions now going on
there and the perpetual allegiance demanded
will most likely arrest the tide o? emigration
which otherwise might justly have been antici-
pated from that quarter. The deduction to be
made from all these considerations is, that our
present supply of labor is largely deficient—so
largely that we cannot at present compete with
the dense and crowded populations of the east-
ern hemisphere in hardly any branch of human
industry; and yet it is more important here
than ever that every man should find work. I
hope labor in America will forever be far more
highly rewarded than elsewhere. It is so now,
and that distinction is the glory of our coun-
try, of our institutions, and of American policy;
but just now labor, like everything else, is arti-
ficially dear. High prices must be paid, or our
laboring men will be degraded. High prices
must be paid, or the capital invested in lands,
mines, and manufactures must be wrecked and
abandoned.
But for the war and had we remained in our
normal condition, unvisited by unusual taxes
and the disturbing flood of an exclusively
paper currency, onr people would have occu-
pied a more impregnable position, as against
foreign competition, than they ever occupied
in their previous history. Now we are vulner-
able to the attacks of anybody from any quar-
ter who has anything to sell. Foreign artificers
of brass and iron and even of clay, we cannot re-
sist ; they are able to undersell our own people.
Onr present amount of circulating currency
is vast. Of legal tenders, so called, we have
$401,252,468; of national bank notes, $280,-
301,900; of outstanding notes of the old State
banks, (not including those having less than
five per cent, of their capital,) $48,479,782; of
fractional currency, $27,053,70904, and of com-
pound-interest notes, $154,920,910, amount-
ing in all to $917,014,769 04. I do not cite
these figures as a reproach to anybody, but as
a fact, and a monstrous fact, attended by evils
increasing day by day; and the longer con-
traction, the true remedy, is withheld, the more
difficult will be found its application. At the
time of the surrender of Lee and Johnston any
terms of settlement might easily have been
obtained from southern rebels with ample guar-,
antees for the future, as they panted for noth-
ing so much as deliverance from the pains and
penalties of treason, and anything short of ex-
patriation would have been promptly accepted.
That opportune moment passed away never to
return. Scf the transition from paper to specie
at that time might perhaps have been made
with less strain upon the country, with less
inconvenience to individuals, than it can now
or ever again be brought about. The people
were prepared for it. The goal in point of fact
was almost readied. Nobody was in debt and
nobody was distressed. The nominal reduc-
tion of inventories would have left all with rela-
tively equal purchasable values.
But unfortunately this policy did not prevail,
and now trade stands in serried ranks against
any reduction of values, and Congress itself
grudgingly authorizes the retiring of only
about four millions per month of our huge vol-
ume of currency, the presence of which stim-
ulates sales and strangles production. Our
country, from one of the cheapest places to
live in, is becoming one of the dearest. The
wages paid for labor are not too much, consid-
ering what those wages will pay for in bread
and meat, in rent and clothes. No manufac-
tures can be made, while this state of things
lasts, to be sent abroad. And, unless war,
pestilence, or famine occurs among foreign na-
tions, they will want none of our corn or wheat,
beef or pork, at anything like what it costs to
produce it. Our gold, it is true, they eagerly
despoil us of, and why not? It is said to be
"demonetized," and at any rate as money it is
getting to be obsolete. Gold coin is itself de-
pfeciated in our markets, because it is useless
save as so much convenient and portable mer-
chandise. If used for the payment of an exist-
ing contract it is worth no more than an equal
amount of United States legal-tender notes.
Our whole monetary system is bloated bJ"ftiore
than a fourfold addition to the currency ihrieir-
culation. This is unnatural and daily begets
diseases of a new type, formidable because
unknown, as well as those with which we are
already familiar and know to be dangerous.
Having to deal with such facts, and it being
impossible to remove this incubus upon the
labor of the country at once, our legislation
must recognize the situation, and trim our sails
for such breezes as may blow. Our imports
of foreign goods this year are nearly double
what they were last year, and we pay for them
by sending abroad gold and silver, and United
States bonds at a little more than half their
face value.
Another reason, and one of the most cogent,
for a revision of the tariff at this time, is the
insufficient rates now levied on foreign wools.
This is a question which has vexed Congress
for forty years. The evils endured by wool-
growers somehow never disappear, let the laws
take what shape they may. The flocks of sheep
in South America, in Australia, at the Cape,
and elsewhere, have become so large, so much
improved by mixed breeds, that they threaten
to force the American wool-grower to abandon
a chosen and most attractive pursuit. For-
merly the wool obtained from Buenos Ayres
was coarse and full of burs, but by crossing
with the merino breeds it has become entirely
changed in character, and now wool equal in
grade to the average American growth can be
bought in South America for fifteen cents per
pound. It is not washed, and burs still accom-
pany it, but no American husbandman, not
even those who are located in proximity to
unfenced prairies where the' summer feed can
be appropriated without let or hinderance, can
compete with such prices. They must, unless
at once taken care of, succumb. For the past
four years, notwithstanding the nominally high
prices for wool, the amount received when re-
duced to a gold standard shows that the busi-
ness of wool-growing has not been remunera-
tive ; not affording one half the profits of any
other kind of farming, and many owners of
sheep have been preparing to quit the busi-
ness for something more hopeful. Unless Con-
gress shall do something to revive the cour-
age of these men the stock of sheep that
will be offered for slaughter the coming fall
will exceed anything the country has hereto-
fore witnessed. The complaint is loud, uni-
versal, and real, not simulated. Never since
I have had the honor to be a member of this
House have so large a number of petitions been
received, or with so ma^y respectable and gen-
uine signatures, upon any subject. The Com-
mittee of Ways and Means have been flooded
with these documents from the East to the
farthest West.
The tariff of 1857, against which I voted,
allowed wool under eighteen cents to come in
free and reduced the ad valorem tariff on wools
costing more than that. The tariff of 1861 placed
a small ad valorem duty on wool under eighteen
cents and a specific duty on all wool above that
rate, besides providing many provisions against
fraud. This was considerably improved by the
tariff of 1864, but the value of wool abroad
being less than represented or believed to be,
importers still got competing wools through
the custom-house at rates never above six cents
per pound and sometimes at even less. Last
fall and winter the wool-growers, through their
various agricultural societies and other State
and national organizations, got together for the
first time and discussed the subject of wool-
growing in its relation to rival foreign inter-
ests. The wool manufacturers also met with
them in joint convention. After months of
patient toil and critical examination they pre-
sented to us in April last the fruits of their
joint labor so far as it relates to the duties upon
wool. The proposition as it relates to woolens
came along considerably later. A mutual agree-
ment was arrived at and upon a basis fair and
equitable of parties that never agreed before.
I think their work does honor to those who
conceived and who have so far successfully ma-
tured these several propositions. These pro-
pose much higher rates upon wool bccause of
the perfection of the classification, which i3 so
framed as to catch all wools that can by any
possibility compete with American wool. There
is no loop-hole through which any wool can
escape the duty intended to be placed upon it.
It is fixed and certain. The custom-house offi-
cer, though a fool, cannot err therein. *1 know
the wool-growers will be satisfied with their own
proposition, as they should be, for it amounts
to more on mestiza wool than would a duty of
seventy-five per cent, ad valorem, and I hope
we shall not attempt to offer anything less or
in other shape, for whatever is not in the form
of a specific duty would be as in most other
cases valueless. The greatest protection the
American wool-grower could have would be the
disclosure of the fact, at every sale of woolen
cloths, whether the same wore made of Ameri-
can wool or not, as cloths made of sound Ameri-
can wool are really worth, for actual service, for
hard wear and tear, far more than those made
of the tender and brittle foreign wools.
The duties upon woolens, it will be seen,
are very carefully adjusted so as to cover the
duties which the manufacturers pay first on
wool and dye-stuffs, the internal taxes on their
sales, and in addition twenty-five per cent, ad
valorem. The compound duties in the bill,
though following the principle first adopted
