1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
346?
in the tariff of 1861, may not be understood at
a glance, but when carefully studied they will
be found to have the extent I have indicated
and no more. If this bill becomes a law, as I
trust it will, the woolen manufacturer will not
find his condition any better than now—not a
whit. Foreign goods, I fear, will crowd our
marts in nearly the same imposing procession
that they have done heretofore, or at the rate
of over a million dollars for every day in the
year.
Last year (18G5) our imports amounted to
$234,756,447, but this year they will reach not
less than $409,411,513. This is a drain that
we are in no condition to bear. Every spare
dollar in the country is needed to fund our
rapidly maturing national obligations.
For the past year we have received from
California but a little over $29,000,000, and
yet our exports of gold and silver at New
York alone, from May 12 to June 16, amounted
to 836,515,402.
When can we resume specie payments if
this stream of merchandise irwvard and flow of
gold outward is allowed to continue? Clearly
it is the duty of the Government to moderate
if it cannot control this reckless course of trade
before bankruptcy ensues and the business of
the country receives a check from which it may
take years to recover.
I do not think it necessary to go into the
details of many branches of business. There
is not a member of the House who does not
know and feel that there is urgent need of legis-
lation upon the tariff. To adjourn without such
legislation would be a calamity and a blunder.
Take the iron trade. It is true they made
money during the war, but they are not doing
it now. They are paying laborers for making
a ton of iron nearly as much as a ton would
cost abroad.
There are some little items in the tariff bill,
which hardly arrest the eye, which give employ-
ment to thousands and therefore require con-
siderate treatment at our hands. Among these
permit me to cite one or two examples. Eye-
lets, made of brass and then tinned, have but
■ recently been introduced as an article of com-
merce so far as to attract attention. They will
be noticed in shoes and boots, and though in-
visible in other articles for ladies' wear, they
are still there. I find that of these small and
very cheap articles, costing no more than seven-
teen to eighteen cents per thousand, the amount
we consiime rises to the respectable sum, annu-
ally, of $4,000,000. Hoop-skirts is auother
article of extensive use for which we are sup-
posed to be indebted to the genius of Eugenie,
who, failing to rule the Emperior of the French,
has great audacity in French fashions. In New
York city alone twenty-five thousand persons
find employment in all the branches of the
hoop-skirt manufacture. It would be possible
to mention many other articles, apparently
"trifles light as air," which furnish the means
of support to a large number of industrious and
thrifty families.
The articles added to the free list in the bill
are few in number and of inconsiderable im-
portance. Such articles as form the base or raw
material of other manufactures, and of which
there is no domestic supply, scientific theorists,
as well as practical legislators, agree should
be charged with little or no duty. When any
country has superior natural advantages for the
production of a specific article it may be use-
less and a waste of capital for others to attempt
rivalry in the same direction. We have noth-
ing that will compete with the white cliff stone
of England for chalk and whiting, and as it.
enters into other manufactures to a consider-
able extent, andgives business to our homeward
bound vessels, it deserves to be free. We pro-
duce rock oil or petroleum, and while it bubbles
no and spontaneously runs away from its fount-
ains, to be had only for the catching, it will
be difficult to find any article in other markets
to supplant " the poor man's light," as my
friend the Chairman [Mr. Scofield] aptly calls
it, and so long as we have a surplus to spare it
will find purchasers.
Salt, when it is made from springs, depends
mainly for its cheapness upon the amount of
saline matter contained in the water. The
relative value of salt springs in Virginia, Mich-
igan, New York, and Ohio differs widely. In
some of these States the business may continue,
but without a higher duty most of them will
wind up. If in any of these States mines could
be found where'salt coukl^be taken out in pure
crystals the saline springs would have to be
abandoned. As it is we cannot afford to be
dependent upon other nations for so indispen-
sable an article in peace and war as salt, even
if it can be obtained elsewhere nominally at a
less price. Our own establishments must bo
preserved, encouraged to the full amount of
their capacity, and even then one half of all
we consume will be brought from abroad. We
cannot afford to make it free, nor yet can we
afford to tax it so heavily as to make it a lux-
ury or anything but what it is—an article for
human nature's daily use.
The discovery of an enormous deposit of
chloride of potassium in a bed of rock-salt in
Germany may prove to be the chief source
from which commerce will draw its future sup-
plies. Manifestly the maker of ordinary pot-
ash salts. who culs down timber and burns it
to ashes for this sole purpose, cannot compete
with an article already made and which only
needs to be taken from the mine and purified.
This is an advantage of which Germany can-
not be deprived. The Indian who stole his
brooms already made could, always undersell
the Indian who only stole his timber. Eng-
land, with untold wealth in minerals, coal,
clay, and cheap salt, eclipses in many pro-
ductions all the nations of the earth. Soda-
ash is one of these productions entering greatly
into other manufactures of various descrip-
tions. The cost of soap, glass, and of many
textile fabrics depends much upon the price
of soda-ash. At Pittsburg, Pennsylvania, they
have salt and cheap coal, and have, from time
to time striven to establish the manufacture of
soda-ash, but thus far without marked success,
and if the manufacture cannot succeed at this
point it will hardly do better elsewhere. Under
these circumstances, but for the glimmering
hope that the manufacture of an article of such
extensive use may yet be established, it might
have been well to place it upon the free list.
Wo have left it where it is, to pay a duty of a
half cent per pound.
The supply of ivory cannot be increased,
and is supposed to be annually diminishing. It
takes twenty thousand elephants, it is said, to
furnish the annual supply of a single manufac-
turing town (Sheffield) in England. Our wants
are large and increasing. It is proposed, there-
fore, to remove the small duty now imposed
upon this useful as well as beautiful article;
and as the gigantic game from which ivory is
obtained is hunted by persons without regard
to race or color 1 presume no one will object.
One of the main reasons for a new tariff bill
now is that the termination of the reciprocity
treaty leaves the duties upon agricultural pro-
ductions, and upon lumber, fish, and coal at
such rates as were imposed at times when it
made no difference what those rates were, as
all such articles came in from the Provinces
practically free, and of course our tariff laws
in this respect now call for revision. The wis-
dom of terminating the treaty alluded to is
already apparent. There are none of its pro-
visions that we cannot surrender without a
pang. Some of the pretentious claims con-
cerliing the fisheries, as, for instance, the right
of excluding our fishermen from the shore
within three miles, and from bays, drawing the
line from headland to headland, might be annoy-
ing; but even if admitted on our part, as they
are not likely to be by any modern Secretary
of State, such claims, were they to bo strictly
enforced, would be of little damage to us and
of no profit whatever to the Provinces. There
is no more reason for exempting grain, flour,
cattle, horses, wool, and butter and cheese im-
ported from British Provinces, from revenue
duties, than there would be 111 the caso of the
importation of similar articles from Great Brit-
ain. In peace, the mother country and her
colonies are all our friends ; in war, they are
not loss our enemies.
It is due, however, to the present British
minister, Sir Frederick Bruce, to say that he
has manifested a high-toned spirit of fairness
touching any remaining questions as to the
fisheries, and that he seeks their solution with-
out making such exactions as would be, likely
to produce national conflicts. Through the
courtesy of the Secretary of State, I have
learned that the British minister has informa-
tion that the Canadas, New Brunswick, and ,
Nova Scotia will issue licenses to fishermen
other than British subjects, upon the payment
of fifty cents per ton on the tonnage of ves-
sels engaged therein, and that a license will
secure the right to fish within three miles of
the shore, and also to land for the purpose of
curing fish and obtaining supplies. More than
this, a license from one Province is to confer
the right to fish in all the Provinces which unite
in the system of giving licenses. Without this
zoUverein principle, Americans would find the
license of no value, and would not avail them-
selves of it. In the end all the Provinces may
unite in such legislation, or if they do not the
confederated Provinces—and that scheme ap-
pears likely to be speedily adopted, more speed-
ily, perhaps, in consequence of the recent Celtic
irruptiun—will undoubtedly adopt the princi-
ple.
Mr. Chairman, I will now send to the Clerk's
desk, to be read for the information of the
committee, a letter from the Secretary of State
upon this question, and also one from the Brit-
ish minister, Sir Frederick Bruce.
I The Clerk read as follows :
"Dupartsiext op State,
Washington, June 25,1866.
Sir: I lia.vo the honor to inclose tor the informa-
tion of the committee over which you preside a cony
of ;i note of the 21th instant, addressed to mo by
lion. Sir I'rcdcrick W. A. Bruce, tho British minister,
relative to the course determined upon by tho gov-
ernments of Nova Scotia, Now Brunswick, and Can-
ada in regard to license*, to fishermen of tho United
i'iv a note of tho "1st of Stay last, Sir Frederick
Bruce informed mo that P. i'orhin, Etj., the magis-
trate commanding tho Government vessel ha ('aria-
diennc, employed in protecting the fifeheiics of Can-
aria, had been authoiizcd to i-'suo fishery licenses on
tho payment of tho sum of fifty cents per ton of meas-
urement of tho vessels proposedto be used in fishimn
that these licenses would lcmain in force during this
season, and would confer upon the holders of them,
as far as the Canadian fisheries are concerncd, all tho
riprhts enjoyed by the fishermen of the Xjnitcd Statos
under the. reciprocity treaty. .
An official notification embodying this information
was made public upon its receipt, and the same com.-e
will now be pursued in regard to that contained m
tho inclosed. .
I have tho honor to be, sir, your obedient servant,
WILLIAM II. S13WARD.
Hon. .Tustix B. Morrill, Ohnirmim of the Comviiltee.
of Wai/s and Mi'iinn, House oj lUprcHeiltutives.
Yv ashim.tox, June 2t, 1866.
Sir: I have tho honor to state that I am informed
by his Kxeetleney the Governor General of Canada,
that the governments of Nova Scotia and Isew Bruns-
wick have agreed that the possession of a liccnso is-
sued by Canada to fish shall entitle tho holder, darintc
tho season of ISO'), to fish in the waters ot acw Bruns-
wick and Nova Scotia as well as in those of Canada;
tho holder of a license from the government ot JNova
Scotia or Ncw Brunswick, if any such shall bo issued,
bcinE entitled to fish also in the Canadian waters. 1
shall feel much obliged if youwill communicate this
information to the chairman ol tho Committee ot
Ways a,ndiV[cans. , ■ i
I have tho honor to ho. with the highest considera-
tion, sir, your most TbRUCB.
Hon. William 1(. Sewakd, &c.
Mr. MOllPJLh. Mr. Chairman, it may be
proper for me to add that! lia1.e just iecei^ed
a note from Sir F. Bruce saying that another
of the Provinces has enacted laws in relation
to licenses similar to that of Canada, &,c. It is
also due to myself to say that in a conversation
with the British minister I informed him that I
though! our fishermen would be reluctant to
take°out licenses for the right to fish in British
waters, but that they probably would be willing
to pay a license for going onshore to cure fish.
The greater cost of fitting out our vessels
and the'taiution to which they are subjected,
enables provincial fishermen, who have no long
