1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2507
measure. The third soction is admitted oven
by tho friends of the other two to carry upon
its facc tin: purpose of disfranchising the peo-
ple of these eleven States and preventing them
from taking part in the representation of this
country. It is said by the gentleman from |
Ohio that if that section is not stricken out '
the people will come to the conclusion that this
is a party measure. Sir, I have said no one
can doubt it in the light of the history of this
committee. It was organized in a party caucus.
The resolution authorizing it was brought into
the House by the man selected to do it by that
caucus. It was presented to the House and
supported solely by the caucus party ; and im-
mediately everything brought into the House
having relation to the representation of the
southern States in this Congress was consigned
without debate to this vortex of ruin, of de-
struction, and of disunion. We have therefore
been able to gain no information from any
source on the subject of reconstruction or
restoration or representation of those States.
The resolution may have been differently
intended; but from its face no one can come
to the conclusion that it intended anything
more than that the committee should be au-
thorized to inquire into the fact as to whether
these States were legally and constitutionally
entitled to be represented in either House of
Congress ; and yet the committee, arrogating
to themselves all power upon this subjcct, have
repeatedly reported amendments to the Con-
stitution without giving us one fact or one rea-
son for it, or any information as to when our
troubles will be ended and the Union restored.
The people of this country, as I remarked
in the beginning, are dissatisfied with that com-
mittee. It has disappointed the country. Go
to-day, if you dare, and submit to the people
of the United States the question whether that
committee should longer be intrusted with this
subject, and what do you thinlc the vote would
be ? I tell you that it would be ten to one that
the committee had disappointed the expec-
tations of the country; that it should be dis-
charged ; that its duties were ended ; that it
had been a failure; that it had stood in the
way of restoration and peace.
1 tell you further that tho people of this
country demand the present, immediate resto-
ration of this Union. And you will find, when
the elections come around again, that they
will speak in thunder tones to you politicians.
You cannot compromise with them by surren-
dering principle for mere expediency, for mere
party purposes. You will have to face the
music, for the people will demand it of you.
They have struggled long and ardently for the
Union; they have sacrificed lives and treasure
for the Union; they have been ardently devoted
to the Union, and they will not surrender it
for party purposes; they will not consent to
keep the people of the southern States in bond-
age, such as Ireland has suffered so long, for
the mere purpose of retaining a party in power.
I do not wonder that the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] prophesied the
time as not being more than three or four years
distant when the people will place in power
' men who will respect the Constitution, who
will respect, the Union and the sacrifices that
have been made for it, and who are willing to
restore, preserve, and perpetuate that Union.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman from
Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidge] yield to me a mo-
ment, for a question ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Certainly, for a ques-
tion.
Mr. WINDOM. I desire to ask the gentle-
man, as he has spoken of the Democracy of
his district, whether his home organ, the Fond-
du-Lac Press, represents the Democracy of the
State of Wisconsin.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. It does not. There is
no paper on earth which represents the De-
mocracy of this country.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to send" to the Clerk's desk, to have read,
an extract from that paper?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir.
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to read half a dozen lines from his home
organ ?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir, because I have
already said that we do not recognize it or any
other paper as the representative of the Dem-
ocratic party. WTe Recognize no one person as
authorized to speak for the Democracy. We
speak by our acts; we are for the Union and
always have been, and do not propose to let
you prevent a restoration of the Union if we
can help it.
Mr. WINDOM. I will ask the gentleman if
he himself considers Jeff. Davis a traitor. His
home organ says he is not.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. You work it in in that
way, do you ? [ Laughter. ] Well, I will say that
I think he is. So you see the organ, as you call
it, and 1 do not always agree.
Mr. WINDOM. 1 did not know how that
was.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Now will the gentleman
tell me whether he thinks that any one who
seeks to prevent a restoration of the Union is
a traitor?
Mr. WINDOM. In some certain circum-
stances I think he is.
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Well, "in some certain
circumstances" I think he is, too. [Laughter.]
Mr. WINDOM. Will the gentleman allow
me to read something from the papers in his
own district?
Mr. ELDRIDGE. No, sir.
I believe, Mr. Speaker, I have said pretty
much all I desired to say. Much is said for the
purpose of prejudicing the public mind about
tho roadmission of red-handed traitors into the
councils of the nation, and the question often
suggested as to whether we can become rec-
onciled to them. Sir, the war is ended; peace
has been agreed upon ; and men whohavebeen
in arms have laid them down. There is an
agreement that we will forgive them, and if the
fraternal union of our fathers is ever restored
we must. Doyou cxpectthat those people will
ever become reconciled to you if you do not
become reconciled to them? And can that
ever take place if you talk as tho gentleman
from Kentucky [Mr. McKee] has talked this
afternoon? If you would hang them all; if you
would crush them all; if you would hate them
forever, do you think they can shake hands
with you, and live upon terms of amity and
friendship with you? You wonder that they
are not instantly reconciled to you ; you wonder
that they do not at once forgive and forget the
past. But who here of the prominent politi-
cians of the Republican party has ever been
able to forgive? You are the conquerors ; you
have triumphed. You can afford to be mag-
nanimous. You can forgive without mortifi-
cation. But can they do the same ? Consider
what they must suffer. I expect that it will be
long years before these bloody days will be for-
gotten either in the North or in the South. But
we must live together as one nation, as one
people, and the sooner we can forget and for-
give the better; the happier, the more prosper-
ous and happy shall we be as a nation.
] did hope that a better and a kindlier feeling
was growing up in the North ; but when Ihear
men talking about branding traitors and mak-
ing them wear the brand upon their foreheads
until the snows of winter shall lie upon their
graves, such hatred, such malignity, it seems
to mc, will not only keep alive, but perpetuate
forever, sentiments of alienation and hostility.
The Union of our fathers was a Union of fra-
ternal feeling and mutual interest, and we must
restore that Union, or the duty resting upon
us will not be performed. If you arc unable
to forgive and forget the past you cannot expect
the people of the South to forget and become
reconciled to you. They may have been wrong;
they were wrong ; but this fact does not change
the nature of men. Human nature is the same
everywhere. I am prepared to forgive, in the
interest of country and Union. Tjponno other
condition are wo promised forgiveness by di-
vine authority.
Mr. BOUTWELL. Mr. Speaker, the gen-
tleman from Wisconsin [Mr. Eldkidge] has
made some remarks in derogation of tho joint
committee on reconstruction. I do not pur-
pose to reply at length to those remarks. He
has said that the action of the committee is a
failure. We know very well from tho begin-
ning that so far as he and his friends were
concerned the labors of the commit! ee would
be a failure. He puts, however, in behalf, I
suppose, of himself and his Democratic friends,
one question which 1 feel bound to answer.
He says, "The committee have not told us
when our troubles"—meaning, t suppose, tho
troubles of himself and his Democratic friends
—"will cease."
Mr. ELDRIDGE. Oh, no; the gentleman
certainly misunderstood me. I meant the
troubles which the Republicans themselves
were making.
Mr. BOQTWELL. The troubles of the
gentleman and his friends are very likely to
increase.
But, Mr. Speaker, the chief object which I
have now in view—and I trust that in seeking
to attain that object 1 shall not go beyond tho
line of parliamentary debate into the domain
of partisan controversy—is to show ho'w tho
pioposition now before us from that committee
traverses the policy of the Democratic party
with reference to the reconstruction of the
Government.
I admit that the policy of tho Democratic
body is a simple policy. It is a policy easily
comprehended. It is a policy in which for
ten years, within my observation, they have
been consistent. It is a policy which they laid
down as early as 185G, in the platform made at
Cincinnati, wherein they declared substantially
—for I cannot recite the precise language ot
the declaration as it is many years since L read
those resolutions—that it was tho right of a
Territory to be admitted fnto this Union with
such institutions as it chosc to establish, not
even by implication admitting that the repre-
sentatives of the existing Government had any
right to canvass those institutions, or to con-
sider the right of the Territory to be recog-
nized as a State.
Now, sir, from that doctrinc, which probably
had its origin in the resolutions of 1798, the
whole of their policy to this day has legiti-
mately followed. First,, we saw its results in
the doctrine of Mr. Buchanan, announced in
1800, that, while the Constitution did not pro-
vide for or authorize the secession of a State
from this Union, there was no power in the
existing Government to compcl a State to
remain in the Union against its own judgment.
Following that doctrine they come legitimately
to the conclusion of to-day, in which they are
supported, as I understand, by the President
of the United States upon the one side, and,
as I know, by the testimony of Alexander H.
Stephens, late vice president of tho so-called
confederacy, upon the other. That doctrine is
that these eleven States have to-day, each for
itself, an existing and unquestionable right of
representation in the Government of this coun-
try, and that it is a continuous right which has
not been interrupted by any of the events of
the war.
This is a simple policy. It is a direct pol-
icy. It is a policy which can be comprehended.
It is the policy of the Democratic party. Now,
whether the President of the United States or
the humblest citizen of the country accepts or
avows it, he has no right whatever to call it
his policy. It is the policy of the Democratic
party.
I wish to lay before the House a proposition,
and I beg the attention of Democratic gen-
tlemen to it. I have written out the prop-
osition with some care, and I think that I state
exactly, and I hope not unfavorably, the posi-
tion of the Democratic party on this question.
The proposition is this : .
1. The Democratic party maintains _ that a
State of the American Union cannot by its own
acts separate itself from its associates.
2. That tho events of this war, including the
individual, organized, and public acts of tho
