1548
THE COMPRESSION"AL GLOBE.
March 21,
nois may perhaps think that I am encroaching
somewhat on His field; hut I must give him
time to resume his position.
_ Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I am en-
tirely willing that the whole thing shall be voted
down; but in view of'the statement of the
gentleman from. Pennsylvania, I was willing to
consent to the proposition with the amendment
suggested, if it should "be in consonance with
"the wishes of the House,
■ TheJSHPEAKER. As the gentleman from
New ^ ork objects to the modification of the
amendment, it must be voted upon in its pres-
ent shape.
Mr. CHANLER. In view of the represen-
tation that there is an absolute necessity for
this officer, I withdraw the objection.
Mr. SPALDING. I renew the objection ;
and I do so for the reason that for the salary
proposed it will be impossible to get a lawyer
who will be of any service to that Department.
As the proposition now stands, it will simply
make a place for another clerk.
Mr. WASIIBURNE, of Illinois. The gen-
tleman from Ohio desires that the salary shall
be higher.
Mr. SPALDING. I do for sucli a position.
Mr. STEVENS. The committee thought
that $3,000 might be sufficient. As to the
objection that, this is a proposition to create a
permanent office, I will simply say that any
future Congress can abolish the office when-
ever that may be deemed necessary.
_Mr. WILLIAMS. I desire to inquire why
this business cannot be attended to by the At-
torney General and his assistants. The prac-
tice in England is to refer all matters of this
sort to the Attorney General or Solicitor Gen-
eral. I agree entirely with the gentleman from
Ohio that it will be impossible to secure the
services of an able lawyer for the salary orb-
posed.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. My friend
from the Rochester district [Mr. Hart] in-
forms me that one of the best lawyers in the
country, Mr. E. Pcshine Smith, now has charge
of this business in the office of the Secretary
of State, and my friend thinks that there is no
doubt this gentleman would be willing to per-
forin all the duties of this office for the salary
proposed.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I infer that the gentle-
man named would not occupy his present posi-
tion if he were one of the best lawyers in the
country.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, we all know
that a vast number of claims have grown up
out of the war, and it is impossible for any Sec-
retary of State or deputy Secretary ol' State to
examine all these claims. In England there
are not only the Attorney General and the So-
licitor General, but numerous deputies, to take
charge of such business.
Only $3,000 is asked as salary for an officer to
examine and report upon these claims. True,
it is a small salary for a first-class lawyer*, but
it is, perhaps, sufficient for the kind of service
required. We all know that the Secretary of
State is doing all he can ; but there has been
a great accumulation of business in that office,
and this officer appears to be absolutely neces-
sary.
'1 he SPEAKER. The question is upon
agreeing to the amendment. The Chair is in-
fo; med that there was an agreement in the Com-
mittee_ of the Whole that the .vote should be
taken in the House by yeas and nays. If that
is the case, the Chair will consider the yeas
and nays as having been ordered.
Mr. HART. Mr. Speaker, it has beefi re-
marked by several gentlemen that no first-class
law3"er would accept this situation at so small
h salary. Now, sir, I take great pleasure in
saying that the gentleman on whom these duties
at present devolve, Mr. E. Peshine Smith, is a
constituent of mine, and ranks in the State of
New York as a first-class lawyer. He has oc-
cupied the responsible position of reporter of
the -eburt.of appeals in the State of New York,
a place which has been filled by some of the
most eminent lawyers..m qur.State? some of
whom bare been among our, most prominent
judges. I know of no man in western New
York who is more distinguished for his legal
attainments than Mr. Smith.
It may be asked why a man of such ability
is willing to take a position like that at so small
a salary. In reply to this suggestion T will say
that Mr. Smith is a patriotic gentleman, a warm
personal friend of the Secretary of State, and
has assumed the duties of his present position
not so much for the sake of the emolument as
to accommodate the Secretary of State and
relieve him of a portion of the burdens imposed
upon him.
Now, Mr. Speaker, it is well known that there
are arising in that Department great questions
of international law, the proper treatment of
which demands the utmost care'and delicacy
and learning and research. It is absolutely
impossible for the Secretary of State to ex-
amine particularly all the questions which have
grown out of the depredations upon our com-
merce by pirates which have been fitted out
in English ports.
This gentleman is having charge of the exam-
ination of international law in all these cases,
and most of the legal papers which have pro-
ceeded from the State Department for some
months past have been the result of his labors
and researches. Gentlemen who have seen
such documents will in them find some evi-
dence of the character and ability of this gen-
tleman.
I trust no objection will be made to the pas-
sage of this clause.
^ Mr. SPALDING. Has the previous ques-
tion been ordered?
The SPEAKER. It was ordered last evening.
On the demand of Mr. ALLEY, the amend-
ment was again road.
The question was taken; and it was decided
in the affirmative—yeas 72, nays 39, not voting
72; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Alley, Anderson, Delos It. Ashley,
James M.Ashley, Baldwin, Bergen, Bidwell, Bing-
ham, Blaine, Boutwoll, Broomall, Bundy, Chanlcr,
Coffroth, Culloin, Davis, Dawes, Dawson, Dixon,
Driggs, Dumont, Eliot, Ferry, Goodyear, Grmnell,
Gnswold, Hart. Haves, Henderson, Highy, Hill,
Holmes, Demas Ilubbaid, Edwin N. llubbcll, James
It. Hubbell, James Humphrey, Jcnckes, Julian, Kas-
son, Ivelley, Kerr, Keteham, Kuykendall, Laflin,
Latham, Le Blond, Marshall, Marvin. McClure. Me-
Rucr, Mereur, Myers, Koell, O'Neill, Paine, Pike,
Samuel J. Randall,Rollins, Ross, SlieUabargcr, Ste-
vens, (Strouse, Taylor, Thayer, Francis Thomas, Van
Aernam, Burt Van Horn, Robert T. Van Horn, Ward,
William B. Washburn, Welkcr, and Winficld—72.
A i. S — Messrs. Amos, Aneona, Baker, Baxter,
Beaman, Boyer, Bromwcll, Cook, Denison, Eggles-
ton, Mdndgo, Fa.rnsworth, Farquhar, Glossbrenner,
Gi'ider, Aaron Harding, Abner C. Harding, John II.
Hubbard, William Lawrence, McKce, Orth, Perham,
Pi'i-ce, John II. Rico, Bitter, Rogers, Sawyer, Sloan,
Spalding, Stilwell, Taber, Thornton, Trimble, Trow-
bridge, Warner, Eliliu B. Washburne, Williams,
Jajiies F. Wilson, and Windom—30.
.NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Banks, Barker,
, Blow, Brandegce, Brooks, Buckland, Rea-
V; Clarke, Sidney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling. Cul-
Harling, Dcfrees, Delano, Doming, Donnelly,
Ltikley, I< mck, Garfield, Hale, Harris, Hogan, Hooper,
Hotchkiss, Asahel W. Hubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
.Hulburd, JamesM. Humphrey, Ingorsoll, Johnson,
Jones, Kelso, George V.Lawrence, Loan, Longyear,
Lynch, Marston.McCullough.McInrloe, Miller, Moor-
head', Morrill, Morris, Moulton, Newell, Niblack,
Nicholson, Patterson, Phelps, Plants. Pomeroy, Rad-
ford, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander II.
Kicc, Rousseau, Schenck. Scofield, Shanklin, Sit-
grcayes Smith, Starr, John L. Thomas, Upson, Henry
D. ft ashburn, Wentworth, Whaloy, Stephen F. Wil-
son, Woodbridge, and Wright—72.
So the amendment was concurred in.
The bill was then ordered to be engrossed
and read athird time; and being engrossed, it
was accordingly read the third time and passed.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid
upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
WASHINGTON AND GEORGETOWN RAILROAD.
The SPEAKER laid before the House a
communication from the president of the Wash-
ington and Georgetown Railroad Company,
transmitting the report of the directors of that
company for the yearl86fs; which was referred
to the Committee for the District of Columbia.
ENROLLED JOINT RESOLUTION SIGNED.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE, from the Committee
on Enrolled Bills, reported that they had ex-
amined and found truly enrolled a joint reso-
lution of the following title; when the Speaker
signed the same:
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 45) to change
the name of the ship Art Union to the name
George M. Barnard..
ISTER-STATE COMMUNICATION.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I demand
the regular order of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be House bill No. 11, to facilitate
commercial, postal, and military communica-
tion among the several States, reported from
the Committee on the Judiciary.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. Mr. Speaker, the
last provision of the bill is:
That this act shall not affect any stipulation be- •
tween the Government of the United States and any
l-ailroad company for transportation or fares without
compensation, nor impair or change the conditions
imposed by the terms of any act granting lands to
any suck company to aid in the construction of its
road.
That was the only question the committee
regarded as sent to them by the action of the
House, and that is the only one on which we
passed. As the House has indicated its desire
to pass the bill by adopting this provision three
or four times already, I do not intend to occupy
any time this morning with general discussion.
I know the committees are anxious to report,
and if this be disposed of the way will be opened
to them for that purpose.
Mr. O'NEILL. The bill provides—
That every railroad company in the United States
whose road is operated by steam, its successors and
assigns, be, and is hereby, authorized to carry upon
and over its road connections, bridges, and ferries,
all passengers, troops, Government supplies, mails,
freight, and property on their way from any State to
another State, and to receive compensation therefor.
What does that mean? Does that authorize
the connection of railroads in different States
without proper State legislation ?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will say to the
gentleman that the terms of this bill will reach
the question to which he has directed my at-
tention. «
Mr. O'NEILL. I will then ask one other
(question. Why not strike out the words " over
its road connections " from the bill?
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I will say, in reply
to that, that I shall feel opposed to striking out
the words if it should have the effect-that the
gentleman supposes it may, for I would be in
favor of allowing a railway in one State which
runs to the State line and there connects with
the road of a company in another State to form
a through connection.
_ Mr. O'NEILL. I desire to postpone the con-
sideration of this bill until this question can be
thoroughly examined. I have no idea of giving
by indirection what is not asked for by positive
enactment. A few years ago struggle after
struggle was made by States adjoining each
other to accomplish by legislation railroad con-
nections between the respective States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. If it is the desire
of the gentleman tjrhave the bill so amended
as to authorize a connection, I have no ob-
jection to that being done; but the gentleman
from Ohio, [Mr. Gaiwield,] who reported the
bill originally from the Committee on Military
Affairs, I understand, desires to offer an amend-
ment which will effect that object, and if ho
has his amendment prepared, I will yield for
that purpose, retaining the floor myself after
the amendment is offered.
Mr. O'NEILL. I can accomplish what I
desire by adding a proviso like this:
Provided, That this act bhall not be so construed
as to authorize railroads terminating in adjoining
States to connect without the consent of the Legis-
latures of the respective States.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I shall not consent
to that being offerqd, but as I Jiave already
stated, I will consent to have an amendment
prepared by the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Garfield] providing that'railroads may make
connections-so as to be relieved of the burden
