68
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 1,
Ho. of Reps.
Freedrnen's Bureau, &c.—Mr. Garfield.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
the hands of the rebels, and a- terrible state of affairs
is bound to follow. Union men will bo driven from
the State, forced to sacrifice what they have, and seek
homes elsewhere. And yet Tennessee is in a much
better condition than any of the other revolted States,
and affords a stronger loyal population.
"Those who suppose the South is 'reconstructed,
and that her people cheerfully accept the results of
the war, are fearfully deceived. The whole South is
full of thespiritof rebellion, and the people are grow-
ing more bitter and insolent every day. Rebel news-
papers are springing up all over the South, and speak-
ing out in terms of bitterness and reproach against
the Government of the United States. These papers
lead the people, and at the same time reflect their
sentiments and feelings. Of the twenty-one papers
in Tennessee fourteen are decidedly rebel, outspoken
and undisguised, some of them pretending to acquiesce
in the existing state of affairs. In all the vacancies
occurring in our Legislature, even with our franchise
law in force, rebels are invariably returned, and in
some instances rebel officers, limping from wounds
received in battle fighting against the United States
forces; and yet I tell you that Tennessee is in a better
condition than any other revolted State.
"Others will give you a more favorable account. X
cannot in justice to myself and the truth. I think I
know the southern people. I have lived fifty-eight
years in the South of choice, and two at the North of
necessity."
In view of these facta we aivait further proofs.
But, sir, there is a duty laid upon us by the
Constitution. That duty is declared in these
words:
" The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government."
What does that mean? Bead the twenty-first
and forty-third numbers of the Federalist, and
you will understand what the fathers of the
Constitution meant when they put that clause
in our organic law. With wonderful foresight,
amounting almost to prophecy, they appear to
have foreseen just such a contingency as the one
that has arisen. Madison said that an insur-
rection might arise too powerful to be sup-
pressed by the local authorities, and Congress
must have authority to put it down and to see
that no usurping government shall be erected
on the ruins of a State.
What is a republican form of government?
When these States were admitted into the Union,
there was not one of them in which one tenth
of the citizens were disfranchised. I will read
a few words from one of the ablest men that
ever stood upon this floor, that man so untimely
dead, so sadly and lately removed from among
us, whose words were like flaming swords, and
who was intellectually one of the greatest and
most gallant of men—Henry Winter Davis. He
is here describing the conditions of a repub-
lican Government, and after premising that at
the formation of the Constitution all the States
but three admitted free colored persons as cit-
izens, he says: "In Virginia there was but one
free colored man to thirty-six of the popula-
tion ; in South Carolina one to seventy-seven;
in Georgia one to one hundred and twenty-
eight," and so on; showing that there were not
more than one tenth of the adult males in any
State disfranchised. And now, says he, we are
asked to recognize as republican such despot-
ism as the following:
"In North Carolina 631,000 citizens will ostracize
331,000; in Virginia,619,000citizenswillostraeizeo33,000
citizens; in Alabama, 596,000 citizens will ostracize
465,OOOcitizens; in Louisiana,357,OOOcitizenswillostra-
cize 3j0,000citizens; in Mississippi, 35SLOflOcitizens will
ostracize 436,000 citizens; in South Carolina, 201,000
citizens will ostracize 411,000 citizens."
We are asked to guaranty all these as re-
publican governments! Gentlemen upon the
other side of the House ask us to let such shame-
less despotisms as these be represented here
as republican States. I venture to assert that
a more monstrous proposition was never before
made to an American Congress.
I am therefore in favor of the amendmentto the
Constitution that passed the other day to reform
the basis of representation. I could have wished
that it had been more thorough and searching
in its terms. I took it as the best we could
get; butl say here, before this House, that I will
never, so long as I have any voice in political
affairs, rest satisfied until the way is opened by
which these citizens, so soon as they are worthy,
shall be lifted to the full rights of citizenship.
I will not be factious in my action here. If
I cannot to-day get all I desire, I will try again
to-morrow, securing all that can be obtained
to-day. But so long as I have any voice or
vote here, they shall aid in giving the suffrage
to every citizen qualified, by intelligence, to
exercise it.
Mr. Speaker, I know of'n'othing more dan-
gerous to a Republic than to put into its very
midst four million people stripped of every at-
tribute of citizenship, robbed of the right of
representation, but bound to pay taxes to the
Government. If they can endure it, we cannot.
The murderer is to be pitied more than the mur-
dered man; the robber more than the robbed.
And we who defraud four million citizens of
their rights are injuring ourselves vastly more
than we are injuring the black man whomwerob.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. KERR obtained the floor.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that my
colleague [Mr. Garfield] be allowed time to
conclude his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. GARFIELD. I am very much obliged
to the House for the courtesy they have ex-
tended to me. It is the first time I have ever
had occasion to ask this indulgence.
I say that slavery, and the inequality of rights
before the law which are now a part of our sys-
tem, are more dangerous to us than to the black
man whom it disfranchises. It is like a foreign
substance in the body, a thorn in the flesh; it
will wound and disease the body-politic.
I remember that this question of suffrage
caused one of the greatest civil wars in the his-
tory of Rome. Ninety years before Christ, when
Rome was in the grandeur of its glory, just
before the dawn of the Augustan age, twelve
States of Italy to which the franchise was denied
rose in rebellion against Rome. And after
three years and ten months of bloody war they
compelled Rome to make its first capitulation
for three hundred years. For three hundred
years the Roman eagle had been carried tri-
umphantly over every battle-field. But when
iron Rome, with all her grandeur and glory,
met men who were fighting for the right of suf-
frage, she was compelled to succumb, and give
the ballot to the twely# States to save herself from
dissolution. Let us learn wisdom from that
lesson and extend the suffrage to people who
may one day bring us more disaster than foreign
or domestic war has yet done.
I must refer for a moment to the proposi-
tion of my friend from Connecticut, [Mr. Dem-
ing,] who asks us to imbed in the imperisha-
ble bulwarks of the Constitution an amendment
that will forbid secession in the future. I want
no such change of the Constitution. Theynever
had by the Constitution the right to secede.
If we have not settled that question by war it
can never be settled by a court. That court of
last resort is higher than any other tribunal.
As the Governor of Ohio has so well said:
"These things have beendecided in the dread court
of last resort for peoples and nations. By as much as
the shock of armed hosts is more grand than the in-
tellectual tilt of lawyers, as the God of battles is a
more awful judge than any earthly court, by so much
does the dignity of this contest and the finality of this
decision exceed that of any human tribunal."
" There are some things to which courts of law can
add no sanction, and a nation's appeal to God vvrien
it seizes the sword is one of them. We may, when
necessary, try individual traitors, and the people of
the United States will appear as prosecutor, but not
as defendant at the bar."
I care not what provision might be in the Con-
stitution ; if any States of this Union desire ta
rebel and break up the Union, and are able to
do it, they will do it in spite of the Constitution.
All I want, therefore, is so to amend our Con-
stitution and administer our laws as shall secure
liberty and loyalty among the citizens of the
rebel States. I am not among those who believe
that all men in the South are enemies in the
eye of the law. Their property was "enemy's
property," when it was transported and used
contrary to the laws of the Government; but
all are not therefore enemies of the Govern-
ment. Judge Spraguc, in the Amy Warwick
case, distinctly declared that they were only
enemies in a technical sense, namely, in refer-
ence to property, and not in any other respect.
Justice Nelson, in 1862, declared distinctly that
men who resided within the limits of the rebel- •
lious States were not therefore to be considered
as enemies.
Mr. STEVENS. Does not, that decision refer
to the question of criminality; that they are
enemies in every sense except that of being
criminals?
Mr. GARFIELD. The court distinctly de-
clared that the question of their property being
enemy's property depended upon the use made
of it. If the attempt was made to take the
property out in 'opposition to law, then it fell
under the technical category of enemy's prop-
erty, and not otherwise. I take it for granted
that the farm of Andrew Johnson, in Tennes-
see, was never enemy's property. If he hai
undertaken to violate the revenue laws in his
use of his property, it would have become "ene-
my's property." If the distinguished gentle-
man from East Tennessee (Mr. Maynard) had
undertaken to violate the revenue laws his
property would then have become "enemy's
property.''
I do not regard all these men as enemies of
the country. I remember that the long range
of mountains which reaches from West Virginia
down to Georgia, and terminates in the sand-
hills of Mississippi, stood like a promontory of
rock in the fiery ruin with which the rebellion
had involved the Republic. I remember that
East Tennessee with its loyal thousands stood
out like a rock in the sea of treason. I remem-
ber that thirty-five thousand brave men from
'Tennessee stood beside us to assist in putting
down the rebellion. They are not enemies of
the country, and never were ; and it is cruelly
wicked, by any fiction of the law, to call them
enemies of the country. To those distinguish-
ed men of Tennessee—and I sec some of them
in this Hall whom I reverence as loyal and
patriotic men—let me say that I am not dis-
satisfied with them; bnt I want them and their
friends to show that there is,behind them a
loyal government; that a loyal State govern-
ment has been organized, based on the will
of loyal people, and that in that State districts
of loyal constituents have sent loyal men here.
Satisfy me that there is a loyal State, loyal by
the will of its people, that there are districts of
loyal constituents, and that they send loyal Rep-
resentatives, and those Representatives shall
at once have my vote in favor of their admission.
But. as I said before, the burden of proof is on
their shoulders. Let them present that proof,
and I will vote affirmatively on the question of
their admission, and rejoice that I am enabled
to do so.
Mr. Speaker, let us learn a lesson from the
dealing of God with the Jewish nation. When
His chosen people, led by the pillar of cloud
and fire, had crossed the Red sea and traversed
the gloomy wilderness with its thundering Si-
nai, its bloody battles, disastrous defeats, and
glorious victories ; when near the end of their
perilous pilgrimage they listened to the last
words of blessing and warning from their great
leader before he was buried with immortal hon-
ors by the angel of the Lord ; when at last the
victorious host, sadly joyful, stood on the banks
of the Jordan, their enemies drowned in the
sea or slain in the wilderness, they paused and
made solemn preparation to pass over and pos-
sess the land of promise. By the command of
God, given through Moses and enforced by his
great successor, the ark of the covenant, con-
taining the tables of the law and the sacred
memorials of their pilgrimage, was borne by
chosen men two thousand cubits in advance of
the people. On the further shore stood Ebal
and Gerizim, the mounts of cursing and bless-
ing, from which, in the hearing of all the peo-
ple, were pronounced the curses of God against
injustice and disobedience, and His blessing
upon justice and obedience. On the shore, be-
tween the mountains and in the midst of the
