1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
485
of the United States, and that when this habit-
ual obedience ceases then the State ceases to
be a State of the Union. I admit that also.
Now, in regard to the first proposition, as to
the continued existence of a State, I have to
draw his attention to one point which he over-
looked. It. is not simply the fact that habitual
obedience to law is essential to the existence
of a State, upon which he lays stress, but he
assumes that this habitual obedience must be
uninterrupted, that it must never be intermit-
ted or suspended; for if it is suspended or in-
terrupted, the course of his argument requires
him to hold that the existence of the State-is
ended.
He quoted from Wheaton to sustain the point
he made, and he quoted correctly as far as lie
went; but, like an adroit and skillful advocate,
•he stopped the quotation just where it ceased
to be of service to liim. If he will excuse me,
I will complete it. After laying down that
principle, that habitual obedience to law must
characterize a State, Wheaton proceeds to say:
"Bat whatever be its internal constitution or form
of government, or whoever may be its rulers, or even
if it be distracted with anarchy, through a violent
contest for the Government between different parties
among the people, the State still subsists in contem-
plation of law, until its sovereignty is completely ex-
tinguished by the final dissolution of the social tie,
or by some other cause which puts an end to the be-
ing of the State."
The interruption of habitual obedience to law,
then, does not extinguish the State. The State,
gays Wheaton, "still subsists in the contempla-
tion of law." We have seen examples all over
the world, from the earliest date of national
existence to the present time, where habitual
obedience to law was suspended by a variety of
causes—sometimes by anarchy, sometimes by
usurpation, sometimes by civil war. All through
the great contest ofthe French .Revolution habit-
ual obedience to law was suspended. Some Eng-
lish publicists—Burke, I believe, amonglhem—
contended that the social ties were actually dis-
solved, and that France had ceased to be a
State ; but she never was so regarded by Eng-
land or by the coalition which attempted tore-
store order and the Bourbons to France. What
does the gentleman say in regard to the Mex-
ican empire to-day? There has been usurpa-
tion there; there habitual obedience to law has
been suspended, and what we regard as the
rightful Government of that State is a fugitive
among the mountains. Does the gentleman
contend that the State has ceased to exist, and
that when Juarez comes back to lake posses-
sion ofthe Government of Mexico he will find
no State there—that it has perished because of
the suspension of obedience to its rightful law?
And yet Maximilian holds its capital, its ar-
chives, and its laws. The sovereignty' resides
in him and in the French army which is at his
back to-day.
The gentleman applies the same principle to
the continued existence of States as States
within this Union. He holds, and holds cor-
rectly, that they must be characterized by an
habitual obedience to the Constitution and laws
of the United States. But, sir, that obedience
maybe suspended. I will read from the speech
of the gentleman from Ohio his own language
upon this point, lest I should misrepresent his
views. He said:
"No one who can read the Constitution will deny
that each State in this Union must have every one of
these properties [implied in habitual obedience to the
Constitution and laws] befor'ut can commence to exi^t
in the Union: bccause the Constitution so declares.
Now the question I consider is, whether it shall con-
tinue to be a State, in thesensc that it holds thepow-
ers and rights of a. State, after it has lost every prop-
erty which it must have before it could commence to
exist in the Union."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not propose
to interrupt my friend from New York, except
when he misapprehends the argument to which
he is replying. He now_ misapprehends my
proposition. Those qualities to which I allude
as those that must be possessed by a State, in
the clause that he has read from my speech,
are not those qualities that belong to an inter-
national State, but the qualities which, by our
Constitution, must inhere in a .State as indicated
by the reading of the Constitution itself.
Mr. RAYMOND. I appreciate that dis-
tinction, but it does not in the least afreet the
argument. Thegentleman holdsthat by public
law habitual obedience to law must character-
ize a State; and I have shown that this obedi-
ence may be suspended and still the State exist.
He now holds that habitual obedience to the
Constitution and laws of the United States is
essential to the existence of a State as within
the Union, and I propose to show that in this
case also that obedience may be suspended
without affecting the existence of the State as
a State of the Union. The analogy between
the two, and between the arguments in both
eases, is complete. The same principle which
applies to the one applies to the other also.
The gentleman asks the question which I have
read from his speech. I now give him the an-
swer by Wheaton himself from the page next
to that from which the gentleman quoted. Thqt
distinguished author says:
"The habitual obedience of the members of any
political society to a superior authority must have
once existed in order to constitute a sovereign State.
But the temporary suspension of lhat obedience and
of that authority, in consequence of a civil war, does
not'necessarily extinguish the beino; of a State, al-
though it may alfect lor a time its ordinary relations
with other States."
I think that reply, made by Wheaton, and not
by me, is exactly pertinent to the question as
submitted by the gentleman from Ohio. It
seems, therefore, on grounds of public law and
on grounds of constitutional law in the United
States, that habitual obedience to law may be
suspended without impairing the existence of
the State in the sense of public law, or as a
State of the Union under the Constitution ofthe
United States. This suspension may occur from
a variety of causes. Conquest is one of them.
Suppose that in a war with England, that Power
should take possession of the State of Massa-
chusetts; suppose she should plant her armed
force all around her borders, take possession of
Iter capital, and wield for a time the w hole sov-
ereign power ofthe State. Su ppose she dots that
for six months, would Massachusetts thereby
cease to bo a State of the Union? Suppose that
this occupation should be prolonged for a year,
would Massachusetts then cease to be a .Si ate of
this Union? Suppose that occupation should
continue for two years, or three years, or four
years. Whenever lhat usurping Power should
be expelled from the State of Massachusetts,
be it sooner or later, would she not then stand
in her old place as one of the States of this
Union? And would any action of Congress be
required to restore her to it?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Will the gentle-
man allow me to interrupt him at this point?
Mr. RAYMOND. 1 appeal to the gentle-
man's sense of courtesy not to interrupt me
unless I am led into some misstatement of fact.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. The gentleman
misapprehends entirely the proposition I made.
J am very anxious that he shall answer what I
did say, and not, reply to something 1 did not
say. 1 understood the gentleman to say that
he was willing to be interrupted for the purpose
of correction.
Mr. RAYMOND. I submit, sir.
Sir. SHELLABARGER. J thank the gen-
tleman for this opportunity. Now, lam equally
desirous with the gentleman to attain to truth
in this regard. Now, 1 cited the law of nations
for the purpose of establishing this proposition :
that that community which had become lawless
was, during the continuance of the lawlessness,
no longer a member of the taniilv of nations,
and the authority read by the gentleman from
Now York, [Mr. Raymond,] which lie says I
omitted like an adroit lawj er to read, is in exact
harmony with that idea, that the suspension of
the character of a State continues during the
period of lawlessness. That was all the point
and purpose of my argument. There and at
that point they ceased to be States for the time
being. I afterward came to eons'der the ques-
tion whether under our system those States that
ceased to be States, even in the international
, sense, can be revived into governing States
! without the leave of my Government.
Let the gentleman answer what I say, and
not what I do not say. What I said was that
these States having been suspended in their
rights and governments, -the resumption of
those rights cannot be made by their own voli-
tion, but that is a matter which is under the
control of the political department of my Gov-
ernment, to wit, Congress and the Executive.
There the analogy between the States of this
Union and international States fails. Alt in-
ternational State has no superior: and when
lawlessness ceases in such a State it does re-
vive and become a State,-jus' as Wheaton says.
But under this Government the resumption of
powers by a State in this Union is subject to the
high control of the Government of the United
States. Let the gentleman answer that.
Mr. RAYMOND. I thank the gentleman
for bis permission for me to answer " that."
If I understand him now—and I am surprised
lhat 1 have so much difficulty in understanding
him, for ho is very clear in his statements as
far as language goes, if not in his ideas—I un-
derstand him to say that inasmuch as these
States formerly in rebellion ceased, under in-
ternational law, to be States at all, they cannot
be or become Slates in this Union without the
direct consent of Congress under the Constitu-
tion of the United Stales. That I believe to be
a correct statement of the matter, just as be has
made it now.
Now, sir, I take issue with the gentleman on
the question of fact. Those States did not cease
to be States iu the sense of international law.
There never was a time when they had not gov-
ernment and law and obedience to law within
their own borders. It does not require obe-
dience to any particular form of law to consti-
tute a State in the sense of public law. The gov-
ernment may be a monarchy to-day, a republic
to-morrow, a military depotism the day after;
but if there is law there the State continues to
be a State. There was law and plenty of it—
a great deal too much of it such as it was—in
the Southern States during the whole rebellion.
Why, sir, does thegentleman suppose lhat there
was ever an hour when England, France, or any
other country in the world would not have rec-
ognized each one of those rebel States as a
Slate in the sense of public law, if they had
been at liberty to do so under the explicit and
peremptory prohibitions of the Government of
the United States, and if they could have done
so without rupturing instantly their friendly re-
lations with that Government? No, sir, they
never ceased to be States in the meaning of pub-
lic law. The analogywhich I drew in thecase
of France is perfect and complete, except that
the case supposed is much stronger than that of
these southern States. Tliey were Slates in t'ne
sense of public international law. They were
States within the contemplation'of the Consti-
tution ofthe United States, because the habitual
obedience which was due to the Government of
the United States was only suspended, not abro-
gated or destroyed. If t.hey had succeeded in
refusing that obedience permanently and for-
ever, then they would have ceased to be States,
not otherwise.
Mr. THAYER. Mr. Speaker, if the gentle-
man will allow me 
The SPEAKER'. Does the gentleman from
New York yield to the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, [Mr. Tiiayeii?]
" Mr. RAYMOND. No, sir. I prefer that no
new champion should take part in this debate.
I am likely to have all J can do to take care of
those already involved.
Now, sir, let me recur to the analogy pre-
sented by a case of conquest. Suppose that
France or England should conquer one of the
States of this Union in time of war, and should
hold that State for a time; would not that be
such a temporary suspension of obedience to
the Constitution and laws ofthe United Stales
as would not affect the existence of the State,
either in the sense of public law or in the con-
templation of the Constitution of the United
States? Why, sir, I point gentlemen to a ease
which may have a bearing on this question,
and which I believe has already been cited,
