3470
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE;
June 28,
to. be the rates of duty according to this bill,
and in this respect, I assert, and the gentleman
will not gainsay the fact, the hill is in conflict
with all our past regulations on the subject.
Now, sir, I desire most briefly and cursorily
to call the attention of gentlemen to what may
become a grave national question in connection
with this subject. We must strengthen the
patriotism by fostering under patriotic auspices
the material interests of Virginia, if we do not
want the possibility of a war with Prance to be
thrust upon our attention in the consideration
of many questions which should be purely do-
mestic. In this aspect of the case, the ques-
tion is not merely local. When the rebellion
was precipitated by the firing upon Sumter, the
rebels of Virginia were inviting Louis Napo-
leon to direct interference in behalf of the con-
templated confederacy. In March, 1861, the
Legislature of that State granted to Messrs.
Bellot des Minieres, Brothers & Co., of France,
nominally in their own right, but really as un-
recognized agents of the Emperor, authority
to extend the Kanawha canal from the James
river, through vast and inexhaustible beds of
irou and cannel and bituminous coal, to the
Ohio. And the present unconstitutional and
rebel' Legislature of Virginia are endeavoring
to revive and execute that contract.
Mr. PIKE. I desire to ask the gentleman
whether the loyal people of West Virginia have
not tried to do the same thing.
Mr. KELLE Y. I do not know but they may
have been hoodwinked into it, and may be try-
ing to do it. But if it be so I desire to defeat
their purpose by inducing New England energy
and enterprise and capital to engage in the coal
trade and iron and steel manufacturing of Vir-
ginia, so that Louis Napoleon shall not have
southern rebels to conspire with against our
peace or prosperity, but northern patriots to
resist and balk his machinations. Sir, the
Mexican invasion was incited by no claim or
interest of grandeur comparable to this. It
had for its pretext an indebtedness of but
$7o0,000 of real indebtedness. Yes, a just
claim for less than one million dollars engen-
dered the Mexican invasion; and if we permit
the minions of Louis Napoleon to gain control
of a line of canal running through the coal and
iron regions which extend from the James river
to the Ohio, our legislation with regard to many
important internal interests will be governed
by extraneous influences, as it was for ten years
by the influence of the infamous reciprocity
treaty which was forced upon us by the men
who are engineering this foreign .and danger-
ous project.
Sir, 1 will not nor did I propose to examine
the details of the bill. I have responded on
behalf of my State, which was alluded to as
claiming advantage in this connection. She
does not expect to supply the New England
manufacturers with bituminous coal, but her
people believe that they better promote the
interests of our whole country by promoting
those of Virginia and North Carolina than they
would by legislating so as to advance those of
a few Amcricati patriots who have invested
their capital in Nova Scotia or any other for-
eign country. The coal from the mountains
of Mary land and Pennsylvania will be excluded
from the coast towns of New England by that
of the tide-water mines of Virginia and North
Carolina, and the people of those States will,
in exchange, buy the products of New Eng-
land. Much as I am tempted I will not detain
the House by reading from the admirable book
of Mr. Samuel Harries Daddow on Coal, Iron,
. and Oil, a description of the coals of Virginia
and North Carolina. I will, however, say that
in ga.--producing qualities and in cleanness
they exceed the best that are produced by our
British American provincial countrymen who
are bogging us to violate all law and all reason
to protect their special investment; and I will
ask the Clerk to read a short paragraph from
an admirable article-in to-day's Chronicle.
The Clerk read as follows:
"Virginia and North Carolina have each more
Bioantains or mineral territory and less agricultural
lands than Pennsylvania, yetfhow reverse all the cir-
oumstanocs of their developments.
"The Richmond or tide-water .coal-field in Vir-
ginia contains one hundred and eighty square miles
of coal territory. The coal has been used for nearly
one hundred years as a mineral fuel for smiths' uses,
the casting of cannon, producing steam, and as gas
coal. It is equal to the coals of the British Provinces
for every purpose, is equally available to the New
England manufacturers, and isnot further from them,
taking a general, center, than the coals of Pictou or
Sydney. It is, like the coal of Nova Scotia, near tide-
water. and can be conveyed from the mines to the
manufacturers at Boston with the same distance by
water as the coals of the British Provinces, Yet
this most available deposit of eoal is only partially
developed.
" The people of Virginia are blinded by a willful,
ruinous infatuation, which stupidly rejects all that
is promising and productive for all that is blighting
and impoverishing. Congress also helps to make
their ease more desperate by granting to foreigners
greater favors than to our own citizens; while tax-
ing the coal produced from our own mines directly
and indirectly overfiftycents per ton, the rival coals
of Nova Scotia come to our markets duty free.
"Atone time Richmond enjoyed an export trade
in eoal, but since the reciprocity treaty it has van-
ished. Enterprise and capital havegone from Phila-
delphia, New York, and Boston to develop Acadian
coal-fields, while it is denied to Virginia—first, be-
cause Congress legislates against her and in favor
of a foreign rival; and second, because her people
are poor, impractical, and soured by poverty and
distress."
Mr. KELLEY. Mr. Chairman, I had in-
tended to argue the question of labor  
Mr. MARSTON. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman whether he knows and will disclose
the name of the writer of the article, a part
of which has just been read.
' Mr. KELLEY. I do not know who is the
writer of that admirable article, and cannot
therefore disclose his name. But I read it
with great pleasure; and could, if time per-
mitted, more than confirm its statements from
the recently published work of Mr. Daddow,
giving descriptions of every mine in those
States, and which I commend to gentlemen
who wish to understand this subject.
Now, sir, I was going to demonstrate to the
House that this is not a question of capital, but
is a question of labor. This is the point upon
which my colleague [Mr. Moorhead j was about
entering when 1 resumed the floor, and as he
will discuss it more ably than I could, I will
heap coals of fire upon his head by saying I
will be interrupted and give him the remaining
portion of my time.
Mr. MOORHEAD. I did not know my col-
league would conclude to lefme in. I would
rather he had preferred to let me conclude my
remarks when I was upon the floor. He is
accustomed to speak here, while 1 am not; but
I do not know the House would not as lief
hear me as him, [laughter,] for though I do
not speak as eloquently, still he speaks till
the House gets tired of him. If he will tell
me where I left off I will go on and finish
my remarks.
Mr. KELLEY. I have come to the point
of demonstrating that this is a question of
the laborer and not of the capitalist, which
is the point on which you were engaging when
I resumed the floor.
Mr. MOORHEAD. Mr. Chairman, I did
not know that my colleague [Mr. Kelley] had
yielded the floor to me. I would greatly have
preferred to conclude my remarks when up
before ; but I thank him for his courtesy now.
And as the House is entertained so often and
so profitably by the silvery tones of his mellif-
luous voice, I presume it will bo quite as will-
ing to hear me for a few moments, who so sel-
dom even attempt to engage its attention.
Mr. Chairman, I do not want to adopt the
remarks of anybody, as I am able to make my
own arguments. 1 believe I was stating, at the
time I was notified by the gentleman I was oc-
cupying the floor during his hour, which I did
not know until he informed me of the fact—
I believe I was stating my reasons why there
should be a discrimination or difference between
the duty under this tariff upon Pictou coal and
British coal which comes across the ocean.
1 wish to make that a little more clear and
explicit if I can have the opportunity to do so.
It is very well known by this House—I know it
is by my constituents; I do not require any
indorsement at home of the fact—this House
and the country, sir, know I am and have been
a tariff man, a protective tariff man. It is as
well known to members as to my constituents
that I am in favor of protecting American man-
ufactures against the cheap labor of foreign
countries.
I wish now to say that this coal which comes
from Pictou and the mines of Nova Scotia is
used for manufacturing purposes, and the man-
ufacturers who use it compete with what is flip-
pantly called the pauper labor of the "old
country." I think the argument is clear that
if we put a high duty upon the raw material
used by these manufacturers we disable them
to that extent from competing with this low-
priced foreign labor. The principle I hare '
advocated all my life, and which I have endeav-
ored to carry into practice, has been to sustain
the manufacturers of this country against those
of all other countries; and when I find that this
raw material is used by American manufactur-
ers who come into competition with the manu-
facturers of foreign countries, by helping the
former I only act upon the principle which has
always controlled me in reference to the tariff.
Pictou coal for the last eleven years, as the
chairman has stated and as the House well
knows, has come in free under the reciprocity
treaty. By the bill now before the House we
propose a tax upon Pictou coal of fifty cents per
ton, and to that extent we protect the coal pro-
ducers of Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Vir-
ginia without oppressing the particular manu-
facturing interest under consideration. My
object, so far as I have aided in framing this
bill, has been to protect American labor and
American interests against the labor, interests,
and competition of all other nations. That is
what I ask and all I ask.
Mr. HUBBARD, of West Virginia. Mr.
Chairman, West Virginia having been referred
to in connection with this coal question, I de-
sire to say a word or two. The concurrent
legislation of Virginia and West Virginia was
not had with reference to the sale of the James
River and Kanawha canal to the French firm
named; that was wholly a Virginia scheme,
but to the completion of the Covington and
Ohio railroad, negotiations for which have
been opened with a company of New York
capitalists, aad I trust they may soon be con-
summated, so that both States may have the
advantage of this line of improvement, thus
opening up a market for the.coal and iron and
other minerals which both States possess in
great abundance. But West Virginia has a
more direct interest in this question. She has
vast fields of the best quality of bitnminous
coal, accessible by a railroad already com-
pleted and fully prepared to transport it in any
quantity. This coal must find a market on the
sea-board, where it comes in competition with
the coal from the British Provinces, the coal
which this bill proposes to admit at a duty of
fifty cents per ton. Now, we do not desire to
prohibit Pictou coal from being admitted into
the New England States, but we do desire that
it shall be made to pay its proportionate share
of revenue into the Treasury of the United
States.
It has been shown by the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Kelley] that this coal has
not increased in price any since the termina-
tion of the reciprocity treaty, though it was
then admitted duty free, and now pays a duty
of $1 25 per ton ; showing clearly that this
duty is paid by the producer and not by the
consumer, and that this article will bear the
present rate of duty, $1 25, without increasing
the price to the consumer.
How was it during the war? At the begin-
ning of the war this coal was sold in Boston
at from five to six dollars per ton; before its
close the price went up to sixteen and seven-
teen dollars per ton. Why was this? Simply
because our men were withdrawn from indus-
trial pursuits to defend the flag of our country ;
the price of labor was more than doubled; our
railroads and transportation service were over-
burdened with conveyance of military stores
