2510
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
to their own opinions. There is a difference
between the President and Congress; and, as t
conceive, that difference amounts to this: the
majority in Congress believe that it would be
prejudicial to the best interests of our Gov-
ernment and nation to receive back, immedi-
ately and unconditionally, the men jvho were
lately in rebellion. I believe this, as I believe
any other great truth which was ever set be-
fore my mind for belief. I have no doubt upon
the subject. Hence I cannot but be surprised
that a gentleman who has gone through the
experience of the President of the
United States should be willing and ready to
trust those men now without having some of
those guarantees which we are insisting upon.
It is a difference of policy, as gentlemen say.
Let it be a difference of policy. We will
admit that our policy is to receive back these
rebellious States with suitable guarantees.
Itis the policy of thePresident. of the United
States, in the faith that they will conduct them-
selves loyally and properly, to receive them
without these guarantees.
I suppose these to be the respective systems
of policy of the President and of Congress.
While we maintain steadfastly what we believe
to bo the rights of the legislative branch of
this Government, while we adhere firmly to
our opinions and go on legislating for such
measures as we suppose the public good de-
mandsat our hands, and doitfmnly, decidedly,
independently, may we not, at the same time,
do it without casting personal reproach upon
or indulging in personal abuse of the incum-
bent of the presidential chair ? Sir, I believe
I have the character among my constituents of
being sufficiently radical for all useful pur-
poses. I am prepared lo vote here with my
party friends, side by side with him who goes
for the most extreme measures, but at the
same time I deny the necessity of using per-
sonal invectives toward the Executive of the
nation or the heads of the Departments. It
cannot be necessary. It is not justifiable.
We have all business to transact for our con-
stituents with the President and the Depart-
ments. We must necessarily be brought into
contact with them, and we expect to be received
and treated by them as gentlemen. Why can-
not we speak of them without indulging in
vilification and abuse ?
1 have already said that, believing in the wis-
dom, patriotism, and sagacity of the commit-
tee which has reported the measures under
consideration, I shall avail myself of their
praiseworthy labors and shall vote for one and
all of their propositions. I am content to take
the whole of them, and hope they will be put
through both branches of Congress, so that the
people may see that wo have a policy as well as
the President.
Mr. MILLEKs Mr. Speaker, I am glad that
the committee on reconstruction, through their
honoiable chairman, [Mr. Sievens,] have re-
ported to this House a proposition for certain
amendments to the Constitution of the United
States, which, if approved by two thirds of both
Houses and then ratified by the Legislatures of
three fourths of the several States, will become
a part thereof.
The article of the proposed amendment con-
tains five sections.
The first provides that no State shall make
or_ enforce any law which shall abridge the
privileges or immunities of citizens of the Uni-
ted States; nor shall any State deprive any
person of life, liberty, or property without due
process of law, nor deny to any person within
its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws.
The second section provides that ltepresent-
atives shall be apportioned among the several
States which may be included within the Union
according to their respective numbers, count-
ing the whole number of persons in each State,
excluding Indians not taxed. But whenever
in any State the elective franchise shall be
denied to any portion of its male citizens not
less than twenty-one years of age, or in any
way abridged, except for participation in re-
bellion or other crime, the basis of representa-
tion in such State shall be reduced in the pro-
portion which the number of such male citi-
zens shall bear to the whole number of male
citizens not less than twenty-one years of age.
The third section prohibits, until the 4th of
July, 1870, from voting for Representatives in
Congress and for electors of President and Vice
President of the United States, alljpersons who
voluntarily adhered to the late insurrection,
giving it aid and comfort.
The fourth section provides that—
Neither the United States nor any Stale shall as-
suine or pay any debt or obligation already incurred
in aid of insurrection 01* war against the United btates,
or for any claim for compensation for loss of invol-
untary service or labor.
And the fifth section gives Congress the
power to enforce by appropriate legislation the
provisions of this article.
These proposed amendments now being un-
der consideration, I will give my views briefly
in regard to them.
As to the first, it is so just that no State shall
deprive any person of life, liberty, or property
without duo process of law, nor deny equal
protection of the laws, and so clearly within
the spirit of the Declaration of Independence
of the 4th of July, 1776, that no member of this
House can seriously object to it.
The next, as to representation; I deem the
most, important amendment, and is in fact the
corner-stone of the stability of our Government.
In the Constitution of the United States of 17th
of September, 1787, in section two, under ar-
ticle one, it is provided that—
"Representatives and direct taxes shall be appor-
tioned among tho several States which may he in-
cluded within this Union aceoiding to their respect-
ive numbers, which shall bo determined by adding
to tho whole number of free persons, including those
bound to service for a term of years, and excluding
Indians not taxed, three fifths of all other persons."
The word "slave" was not very palatable to
the venerable gentlemen who framed that Con-
stitution, and therefore they used the words
"all others," which, of course, meant slaves.
Before the rebellion the slave Statesliad a rep-
resentation in Congress of nineteen for slaves
and about five for free blacks, and slavery
being now abolished, the other two fifths would
add say thirteen more, making about thirty-
seven Representatives from the black man's
population. Now, conceding to each State
the right to regulate the right of suffrage, they
ought not to have a representation for male
citizens not less than twenty-one years of age,
whether white or black, who are deprived of
the exercise of suffrage. This amendment will
settle the complication in regaid to suffrage and
representation, leaving each State to regulate
that for itself, so that it will be for it to decide
whether or not it shall have a representation
for all its male citizens not less than twenty-
one years of age.
This amendment, Mr. Speaker, if adopted, will
give the country a sufficient guarantee against
any contingency that might arise in the admis-
sion of representatives from the States lately in
rebellion—I mean such men as did not volun-
tarily engage in the rebellion, and can take the
oath prescribed by existing laws. I do not
regard the amendment of the constitutions of
those States of much practical importance, for
the same power that makes the amendments
may unmake; but to annul on amendment to
tho Constitution of the United States requires
tho consent of two thirds of both Houses of
Congress and a ratification by the Legislatures
of three fourths of the several States or by a
convention in three fourths thereof, as the one
or the other mode of ratification may be pro-
posed by Congress ; and if this amendment is
adopted it is not likely it will ever be altered
so as to endanger the loyal States—I mean by
the loyal States those States that aided us in
putting down the rebellion.
Mr. Speaker, as we have now a large Union
majority in both Houses, it is the time to pass
the requisite amendments, so as to have the
same submitted to the respective States for
ratification, and I trust that the Governors of
those States whose Legislatures may have
adjourned will, immediately after the approval
of these amendments by Congress, convene
the Legislatures in order that they may ratify
them.
The third section, though it seems just on
its face, I doubt the propriety of embodying
it with the other amendments, as it may
retard, if not endanger, the ratification of the
amendment in regard to representation, and
we cannot afford to endanger in any manner
a matter of such vital importance to the coun-
try. I therefore, Mr. Speaker, propose to
strike out this third section and submit it as a
separate and distinct proposition, which cer-
tainly ought to meet the approval of all our
friends. I cannot concur with the honorable
gentleman from Massachusetts [Mr. Boot-
well] that every part of a State must be strictly
loyal before allowed a representation in Con-
gress. I fear if that doctrine should be carried
out some of our northern States would be left
without representation in Congress; that rule
might, however, suit very well for Massachu-
setts where they seem to be nearly all of one
opinion.
The honorable gentleman, to enforce his
views, repeated a portion of what Alexander
H. Stephens, late vice president of the so-
called southern confederacy, stated before the
committee oil reconstruction. I do not think,
Mr. Speaker, that the sentiment expressed by
that rebel southerner ought to have any bear-
ing upon the action of this House, except, so
far as to prevent him from ever having a seat
in either branch of Congress or holding any
office of honor, trust, or profit under the
United States. The honorable gentleman from
New York, [Mr. Raymond,] in his remarks,
seemed to think we ought not to irritate the
southern people. While I do not wish to inflict
any unnecessary hardships upon those States,
we certainly have right to demand of them a
sure guarantee, and they ought to thank their
God that they have been dealt with so leniently
after inflicting upon the country a debt of nearly
$3,000,000,000, and causing such great afflic-
tion throughout the land.
I do not wish to be understood that I would
screen the leaders of the rebellion from pun-
ishment, for on them rests the sin of misleading
the great mass of the southern people. These
people may be thankful if they are permitted
to live within and under the protection of the
United States, and enjoy their property, or a
portion of it, without participating in the affairs
of the Government whose very life they had
attempted to destroy: but Congress does not
object to a representation from those States
when a sufficient guarantee is given by- ratify-
ing the requisite amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States, provided they send
here loyal men.
I feel rejoiced that my worthy colleague [Mr.
Stevexs] has consented to forego some of his
views in order to meet those of his Repub-
lican friends in this House in regard to amend-
ments ; and I hope the same frankness will be
manifested at the other end of the Capitol.
The fourth section is to prohibit the assump-
tion by the United States, or any of the States,
of the rebel debt incurred m aid of the insur-
rection or war against the United States, or
any claim for compensation for loss of invol-
untary service or labor.
The importance of this amendment, Mr.
Speaker, is manifest, as there is no telling
what influence may be brought to bear upon
Congress at some future day when southern
people have seats upon this floor. And as to
the States it. is necessary, in order to encour-
age emigration^ those States, that there should
be some security against inflicting such debts
upon those who may choose to settle there.
This amendment is also demanded by the loyal
people of the country, and is similar to one
which passed this House by an almost unan-
imous vote in the early part of the session.
The fifth section gives to Congress the power
to enforce the provisions of this article by ap-
