1550
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
Itart, Hayes, Henderson, Higby, Hill, Holmes, Asahel
W. Hubbard, John H. Hubbard, James E. Hubbell,
James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jenekcs, Julian, Kel-
■ley, Kelso, Ku.y kendall, Laflin, William Lawrence,
Loan, Lynch, McClurg, Meltee, McRuer/ Morrill,
Moulton, Paine, Perham, Plants, Price, Raymond,
Sawyer, Scofleld, Shellabarger, Sloan, Smith, Spald-
ing, Movcns, Stilwell, Trowbridge, "Upson, Van Aer-
nam, Bart Van Horn, Robert T. Ya,n Horn, Ward,
Warner, ElihuB.■ Washburne, Welker, Wentworth
James F. Wilson, and Windom—59.
NA"iS-—Messrs. Ancona, Baldwin, Bergen, Boyer,
Brooits, Broomall, Coffroth, Davis, Dawes, Dawson,
JJeruson, Lidridge, Glossbrenner, Goodyear, Grider,
Aaron Harding, Chester D. Hubbard, Edwiu N. Hub-
bell, Jones, Kerr, Le Blond, Marshall, Marvin, Mc-
Cullough, Mcrcur, Miller, Moorhead, Myers, Newell,
Nicholson, Noell, O'Neill, Samuel J. Randall, Hit-
ter, Rogers, Ross, Sitgreaves, Strouse, Taber, Taylor,
Thayer, Thornton', Trimble, Whaley, Williams, and
Win ft eld—46.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Delos R. Ashley, Benja-
min, Blaine, Brandegee, Bundy, Chan ior, Sidney
Clarke, Cobb, Culver, Darling, Dcfrees, Doming,
Bixon, Donnelly, Driggs, Eckley, Farquhar, Ferry,
Finck, G-riswold, Harris, Hogan, Hooper, Ilotchkiss,
Do mas Hubbard, Hulburd, James M. Humphrey,
Johnson, Kasson, Ketcham, Latham, George V. Law-
rence, Longyear, Marston, Mclndoe, Morris, Niblack,
Orth, Patterson, Phelps, Pilto, Pomcroy, Radford,
William H. Randall, Alexander II. Rice, John H.
Rice, Rollins, Rousseau, Schenck, Shanklin, Stan-
Francis Thomas, John L. Thomas, Henry D. Wash-
burn. William B. Washburn, Stephen I1. Wilson.
Woodbridgc, and Wright—(38.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa, moved to reconsider
the vote by which the bill was passed; and also
moved that the motion to reconsider be laid on
the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message from the Senate, by Mr. Forney,
its Secretary, informed the House that the
Senate had passed the following bills, in which
he was directed to request the concurrence of
the House:
An act (S. No. 89) to issue American regis-
ters to the steam vessels Michigan, Dispatch,
and William K. Muir;
_ An pct_(S. No. 199) to establish the collec-
tion district of Port Huron, and the collection
district of Michigan, and to extend the district
of Puget Sound; and
An act (S. No. 39) to amend the acts relat-
ing to officers employed in the examination of
imported merchandise in the district of New
York.
The message also informed the House that
the Senate had passed House bills, with amend-
ments, in which the concurrence of the House
was requested, with the following titles:
An act (H. R. No. 184) to authorize the
sale of marine hospitals and of revenue cut-
ters ; and
- _ An act (H. R. No. 122) making appropria-
tions for the naval service for the year ending
30th June, 1867.
' jonas P. levy.
Mr. 'WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, re-
ported back from the Committee of Claims a
joint resolution (S. Jg. No. 169) for the relief
of Jonas P. Levy, and moved that the commit-
tee be discharged from its further considera-
tion, and that the same be kid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
HOOPER, WILLIAMS, AND OTHERS.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims a
joint resolution (H. R. No. 91) for the relief
of Hooper, Williams, and others, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the joint resolution, and
that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to. •
l. marchant and company.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims
the petition of L. Marchant & Co. and P. Rose-
crantz, praying compensation for cotton taken
from them at Mobile, Alabama, and moved
that the committee be discharged from the fur-
ther consideration of the petition, and that it
be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
john wilson.
■ Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims
the petition of John Wilson, praying compen-
sation for services rendered under House reso-
lution of May 4, 1848, and moved that the
committee be discharged from the further con-
sideration of the petition, and that it be laid
on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
john m. WIIITEniLL.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims
the petition of John M. Whitehill, for relief,
and moved that the committee be discharged
from the further consideration of the petition,
and that it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
robert austin.
Mr. "WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims
the petition of Robert Austin, of Missouri,
praying to be reimbursed for certain Treasury
notes of which he was the owner, and which
have been destroyed by fire, and moved that
the committee be discharged from the further
consideration of the petition, and that it be
laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
b. g. roberts, and others.
Mr. WASIIBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims
the petition of B. G. Roberts, and others, of
St. Clair county, Missouri, praying compensa-
tion for damages, and moved that the commit-
tee be discharged from the further considera-
tion of the petition, and that it be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
henry jerard, and others.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims
the petition of Henry Jerard, and others, citi-
zens of Cass county, Michigan, the petition of
Patrick Barrett, and the petition of Henry
Lehnhart, and moved that the committee be
discharged from the further consideration of
the petitions, and that they be laid on the
table.
The motion was agreed to.
quartermaster's department, etc.
Mr. WASHBURN, of Massachusetts, also
reported back from the Committee of Claims
a bill (H. R. No. 262) entitled "An act to
perpetuate testimony in the case of claim-
ants against the quartermaster's and commis-
sary departments of the United States," and
moved that the committee be discharged from
the further consideration of the bill, and that
it be laid on the table.
The motion was agreed to.
education in agriculture, etc.
Mr. GRINNELL. Mr. Speaker, the Com-
mittee on Agriculture, to whom was referred
the bill (H. R. No. 350) to encourage education
in agriculture and mechanic arts,have instructed
me to report back the same, and to move that
it be indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRINNELL moved to reconsider the
vote by which the bill was indefinitely post-
poned ;• and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
distribution of seeds.
Mr. BID WELL. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Agriculture to report back the follow-
ing resolution, and to move that the committee
be discharged from its further consideration^
and that it be laid on the table: *
Resolved, That the Committee on Agriculture be
directed to inquire what, if any, amount over and
above the usual appropriation will be necessary for
an adequate supply of seeds to be distributed among
the farmers of the country by the Department of Ag-
riculture, with liberty to present the result of their
inquiry by bill or otherwise.
_ Mr. Speaker, a few words by way of explana-
tion are due on the part of the committee. In
view of the absolute necessity of retrenchment
in all the Departments of the Government the
committee were unanimous in the opinion tha£
anything over and above the estimates made, by
the Department of Agriculture ought not to be
asked for, believing, as they did, that the amount
called for by the Commissioner would be ample,
if economically expended in the purchase and
distribution of rare and valuable seeds, instead
of such as are to be" found in almost every seed-
store through the country, and, consequently, '
within the reach of all classes. With this view-
one of the committee [Mr. Lawrexce, of Penn-
sylvania,] was instructed to offer a proviso to
the appropriation bill, restricting the Commis-
sioner to the purchase of seeds which will prom-
ise more benefit to the interests of agriculture.
That duty was promptly discharged, and the
proviso suggested adopted by the House, which
renders further action by the committee unne-
cessary.
The motion was agreed to.
agricultural colleges.
_ Mr. BID WELL, from the Committee on Ag-
riculture, reported back House bill No. 50, to
amend the fifth section of .an act entitled "An
act donating public lands to the several States
and Territories whicl\ may provide colleges for
the benefit of agriculture and the mechanic
arts,1' approved July 2, 1862, so as to extend
the time within which the provisions of said
act shall be accepted and such colleges estab-
lished, with a substitute.
The substitute was read.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest,
as this is a most important bill, and as the
morning hour is about to expire, that my hon-
orable friend from California had better let it
go over until to-morrow, so that the substitute
may be ordered to be printed.
Mr. BID WELL'. If the bill goes over until
to-morrow will the committee lose the floor?
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. It will still
hold the floor, otherwise I would not have made
the suggestion.
Mr. BID WELL. I move that the substitute
be ordered to be printed.
The motion was agreed to.
The SPEAKER. The morning hour has
expired, and the bill and substitute will go over
until to-morrow as the unfinished business of
the morning hour.
leave of absence.
On motion of Mr. LAFLIN, leave of ab-
sence was granted to Mr. HuLBUttD for ten
days.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS. I am directed by the Com-
mittee on Appropriations to report back the
amendments of the Senate to House bill No.
86, making additional appropriations, and to
supply deficiencies in the appropriations for
sundry civil expenses of the Government for
the fiscal year ending June 30, 1866, and for
other purposes, recommending concurrence in
same and non-concurrence in others, and to
ask that they be acted on now.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I hope that
-the gentleman from Pennsylvania will consent
to the postponement of the Senate amendments
until to-morrow, so that they may be printed.
Many of them are important amendments, in-
volving largo amounts of money. We ought
certainly to have an opportunity to see these
amendments in print. I do not make the sug-
gestion for the purpose of delaying action; on
the contrary, I desire to help the gentleman in
getting through his business.
Mr. STEVENS. The request is a reason-
able one, and I move that the amendments be
printed and postponed until to-morrow.
The motion was agreed to.
national cemeteries.
_Mr. SMITH, by unanimous -consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution:
Resolved, That the Committee on Appropriations
be instructed to inquire into the propriety of making
an appropriation to complete the work inaugurated
by Major General Thomas, commanding military di-
vision of the Tennessee, and other officers, command-
mgdivisions and departments throughout the United
