1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1551
States, contemplating the noble work of disinterring
and gathering in national cemeteries the brave sol-
diers who gave their lives for the salvation of the
Union; and chat the eomuiittoebe empowered to send
for persons and papers, and report at anytime by bill
or otherwise.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I suggest'
that that ought to be referred to tlio Committee
on Military Affairs.
Mr. SMITH. Ail appropriation will be
necessary.
Mr. STEVENS. The matter ought first to
be considered by the Committee on Military
Affairs.
Mr. SMITH. I modify the resolution so as
to refer it to the Committee on Military Affairs
instead of tlie Committee 011 Appropriations.
The resolution as modified was adopted.
PATENT OFFICE REPORT.
Mr. LAFLIN, from the Committee on Print-
ing, submitted the following report.
The Clerk read, as follows :
JRrsohcd, That there be printed of the annual re-
port of the Commissioner of Patents for the year 1865,
together with illustrations, ten thousand extra copies
for the use of the Commissioner of Patents, and five
thousand extia copies for the use of the House; and
that ordeis heretofore made lor the printing of ic-
ports from said Commissioner yet unfilled, be made
to correspond in amount with the order hereby made
for the report of 1805.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I do not de-
sire the House shall act upon this resolution
without thoroughly understanding its meaning.
The committee lave instructed mo to introduce
it for two reasons, one, that our Printing Office
may be relieved of a great burden that rests
upon it, the other that they may understand
from the disposition which the House chooses
to make of this resolution what shall be their
action in the future with reference to resolu-
tions of this character referred to them.
The committee are happy to acknowledge
the very kind and generous manner in which
the IIousc have received their reports, and it
is because they have met these reports in this
manner that 1 hey do not care at this time to
introduce a resolution of this character without
lull explanation, so that each member of the
House may fully understand its purport and
meaning. In introducing this resolution they
are aware that they are met at the outset with
a great prejudice, and that prejudice a rises from
the fact that, in the minds of many members of
this House whenever "Patent Report" ismen-
tioned there is at once associated with ii. the
Agricultural Report. 1 wish to say to the House
in the first placc that this has nothing whatever
to do with the Agricultural Report. It is the
mechanical part of the Patent Office Report.
And [ wish to say further that none of these
reports have been published since the year
1802. To-day we have orders for one hundred
and sixty thousand volumes of the Patent Ollice
Reports for 1803 and 1S(U yet. unfilled.
Now, the„time has come when the committee
must determine wheie and how they shall re-
duce these orders, because they are met with
the unpleasant fact (and I want every member
of the Ilouse to listen to this) that the orders
already presented to the Government Printing
Office are so enormous that if the House should
at this ven moment decline to present any fur-
ther-orders, those orders could not be executed
in less than a year.
Itis not simply a question whetherthese books
are valuable and whether they ought to be pub-
lished, but whether they ought to be published
to tlio exclusion of other valuable books. I
know there is a feeling in this House in favor of
printing Agricultural Reports, and yet if none
of these orders are withdrawn or counter-
manded, and if the Superintendent of Public
Printing lakes them in the order in which they
are given, it will be impossible for any member
of this Ilouse to receive a copy of the Agricul-
tural Report for I860 until this Congiess ex-
pires.
Now, sir, there are a few in this House who
begin to estimate the amount that is expended
in publishing these reports. It is not neces-
sary for us to urge this with reference to this
particular question. But since I am on the
floor, I think it is due to our committee, to this !
House, and to the questions that will eomo j
before us, that gentlemen should understand !
the reason for the action of this committee, i
and the reason that will guide them hereafter
in their reports.
I wish to say that I have thoroughly exam-
ined this subject, so that I can speak from the
book. . 1 make statements here to which I chal-
lenge successful contradiction. They are token
from our own official reports, and if necessary
I can verify them item by item.
In-the first place, the amount of paper used
by the Government of the United States dur-
ing the last year amounted to one thirteenth of
the value of all the paper manufactured in the
United States, according to the census of 1800.
I want members of the House to consider the
bearing of tliis fact upon the great interests of
the country. I want e\ery newspaper in the
laud to know that this Government, through
its officials here, is the most to be dreaded
competitor in the market for the very goods
they use. I wish it could be placed conspicu-
ously in the margin of every newspaper, and
upon the fly-leaf of every school-book and Bible
that the Government of the United States in
"one year consumes one thirteenth in value of
all the paper manufactured in this country in
I860.
Hero lot me give you the figures :
Amount of paper paid for by the Government in 1865
and 1860, a little over... $1,700,000
Yalue ot paper manulaeturcd of all kinds
as appears from census tor year 1860 23,151,020
Sir, if you wdll go with me to the cities of
New York and Philadelphia and inquire of the
publishers what is the effect of this enormous
business of the Government, you will be told
by them that there is not an order that comes
from Washington for paper that is not felt by
tlio whole trade.
Why, sir, as a newspaper publisher, I would
not desire any beHcr protection of my interest
in the way of reducing the price of paper, than
a reduction of the consumption of paper at
Washington. It would operate far better than
a reduction of the tariff.
Again, Mr. Speaker, I find this Government
is fhe greatest publishing-house in the world.
There is not an establishment in the United
States nor in Europe that begins to compare
Willi our Government printing establishment.
1 find that during the last year we paid for
printing one twelfth of the value of all the
publications in the United States in 18l>0,
including newspapers, pamphlets, and all.
Would any one believe it ? Think of iL Right
here, in the city of Washington, this Govern-
ment publishes one twelfth in value of all the
publications of every kind in the United States,
as returned by the census in I860.
Now, look at the data upon which this state-
ment is based;
Amount paid for Government printing in 1805 and
1866   $.>,700,000
Value of publications, including newspa-
pers, books, pamphlets, Ae., as appears
from census ot ISiXt "1,06°>,89S
And here it is duo to the Houses of Congress
to state that by far the largest proportion of the
expenses incurred above has been made not by
Congress but by the various Departments of the
Government.
Now, sir, there are but three courses that
this House can pursue : we must either coun-
termand or curtail the orders that have already-
been given, to say nothing of the orders yet to
be given ; or we must wait for the publication'
of such orders as are now given for a year or a
year and a half; or we must enlarge our print-
ing department. Now, the sum and substance
of this resolution is to avoid the choice of
either of the two latter courses. We do not
want to wait a year or a year and a half for
books already ordered; neither, since it is a
fact that we have the largest printing estab-
lishment in the world, do we wish to enlaige
it. We have, therefore, only one course left
to us, and that is to reduce our orders. The
question eame before the committee, where
should we reduce ? We found that the Patent
Office Reports for 1868 and 1864areyet wanting.
We found that we had ordered for each year
twenty thousand extra copies of the mechanical
part of the Patent Office Report, and that makes'
forty thousand volumes. I wish to say here
that the expense of this thing is perfectly enor-
mous. It costs us $2 8ti<[ per copy. Now,
the committee have proposed to cut that down,.-
and they have proposed to cut it down with the
hope that other parties—if 1 may not be per-
mitted to refer to the other end of the Capitol—
that other parties will follow our example, and
that the reduction will be still greater.
I wish to state that I have made a very close
and accurate estimate of the amount that is to
be saved 011 this very article of the Mechanical
Report. Mind you, we give the Commissioner
of Patents fifteen thousand extra copies for
each year, at an expense of $2 86J. There
will be a saving to the Government, if we
adopt this resolution, of $128,700 on this very
book. "
And here I may be met with the inquiry why
the Committee on Printing have seen fit to.
give ten thousand extra copies to the Commis-
sioner of Patents and only five thousand to the
House.
Mr. CONKLING. I want an explanation
of that.
Mr. WASHBURNE, of Illinois. I tried to
get an explanation of th^t last session, but I
failed.
Mr. LAFLIN. I will give the controlling
reasons with the committee-. It may be that
we entertain altogether too radical notions on
this subject of printing; but if that is so, it is
not because we are blind followers of any such
miserable school of economy (hat would refuse
to the publicinforniation that that public needs.
Wo have not learned our lesson in any such
school as thai. We know that there is that
seatterelh, and yet increascth ; and there is
that withholdeth more than is niect, but it
teiideth to poverty."
We understand that, and we understand the
value of these books; but we are compelled
by parity of reasoning to admit that the publi-
cation of school-books and Bibles is also im-
portant. I venture lo say that there is not a
single man in this House, who, if the question
were presented to him whether I10 would ex-
pend this $I2- ,000 in the publication of these
extra copies of the Patent Ollice Report, or
expend t.lie same sum of money in the publi-
cation of school-books and Bibles to be circu-
lated among the ignorant classcs of our country,
whose judgment would not compel him to vote
in favor of the latter. And yet we do not pro-
pose to make ourselves a large publishing-
house.
This brings me to the point of the idea op-
erating on the committee in proposing to vote
a certain number of these copies lo the Com-
missioner of Patents. We wish to introduce
some rules and regulations providing for the
distribution of these books, and we want to do
it with a view to a general, uniform, and fair
distribution of the books as far as we can, and
ultimately with a view of making those that
lake these books pay for them a certain sum
of money.
Now, sir, in reference to this book, it goes
into the hands of parties whose interests we
protect by law, whose inventions we protect by
law, and I believe that every mail who is really
interested in reading this book is willing to
attest his interest in that book by paying a cer-
tain sum of money.
I do not think it expedient that they should
pav anything like ttte cost of the book. But I
do"think it should be provided that after the year
18156 any person receiving the mechanical part
of the Patent Office Report should be obliged
to pay say twenty-five per cent, of what the
book cost the Government. We will then learn
just what value the people place upon that
book. If it shall be found that only three thou-
sand people in the United States are willing to
pay fifty cents for that book,- then we need not
next year provide for the publication of ten
thousand copies of it.
