1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
487.
it went into effect on the 4th of March, 1789.
At that time neither North Carolina nor Rhode
Island had ratified the Constitution. They were
alien States, decided to be such by the Supreme
Court of the United States; so that goods that
were imported from those States into the Uni-
ted Stales were taxed by our laws as goods im-
ported from other foreign countries. They
were foreign States far more essentially and
truly than any one can claim any of tlie rebel
States to have been or to be. And yet on the
21st of November, 1789, North Carolina rati-
fied the Constitution, and thus became, on that
day and by that act, a member of the Union;
and Rhode Island, on the 29th of May, 1790,
more than a year after the Constitution had been
adoptc d by enough States to give it validity,
and after the Union was thus formed, became
also a member of that Union at that specific time
and by that specific act. It is thus very easy
to say precisely when and precisely liow any
State became a member of the Union.
Now, I take it to be equally true that if a
State ceases to be a member of the Union she
must so cease at some specific time and by some
specific act. On any certain day, say the 4tlf
of July, 1861, South Carolina either was or was
not a member of the Union, and so of any other
day. It is asserted that she is not a member
now; and I ask for the specific time when she
thus ceased to be a member of the Union. She
adopted her ordinance of secession on the 17th
of November, 1800. Was she a member on (he
day before, and had she ceased to be a mem-
ber on the day after, that act? This is the ques-
tion I asked; but I got no answer. If she did
thus cease, then it was the ordinance of seces-
sion that terminated her membership. But I
did not understand the gentleman from Ohio
to maintain that theory in distinct terms, and I
presume he does not hold it.
• Mr. SHELLABARGER. Do you desire ail
an swer ?
Mr. RAYMOND. If I have misstated the
gentleman's position, Ido; otherwise I do not.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. What was the gen-
tleman's statement? I did not hear it.
Mr. RAYMOND. I do not suppose I have
misrepresented the gentleman. I say that on the
day before South Carolina passed her ordinance
of secession she was a member of the Union
by general consent. Now, was she a member
the dav after she passed it? If she was not.
then the moment of its passage was the specific
time when she ceased to be a member of the
Union. I say I do not understand the gentle-
man to maintain that position.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I do not maintain
that position.
Mr. RAYMOND. Very well; so I supposed.
Then I proceed to iuquire still further, if it was
not that, what was it, that accomplished this
result which the gentleman maintains was ac-
complished by something or other?
Mr. SHELLABARGER. I will not inter-
rupt the gentlemnn unless he desires an answer
to the qnesiion he has just propounded.
Mr. RAYMOND. No, sir, I do not.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Then I will not
interrupt him. . , , ,,
Mr. RAYMOND. I am obliged to the gentle-
man for his forbearance. I ascertain from his
admission that, lie does not hold that the pas-
sage of ordinances of secession effected a sever-
- ance of these States from the United States. I
proceed, then, to inquire what was it that did
effect it? Was it the fact that they made war?
Why, sir, the fact of making war is nothing in
itself. They may make war, but that is a game
that two can play at, and unless they make suc-
cessful war, the fact of their making war has
no relevancy at all, and can work no change
in their constitutional relations. They became
members of the Union by their ratification of
ilie Constitution and "by the acceptance of that
ratification, and they cannot annul either of
those acts by the fact of making war% Is it the
length of the war, its duration? "Would they
have been out of the Union if they had made
three months' war, or six months' war, or one
years' war, or two years' war? If it was the
length of the war that accomplished the result,
pray what is the length essential to its accom-
plishment? Was it the mode of making war?
Was it the fact that they '' carved the bones pf
our martyred heroes into ornaments" that took
them out of the Union ? Of course no one will
pretend that. If, then, it was neither the fact of
their making war, nor the duration of the war,
nor the mode in which they carried it on, what
is there left but a successful result of the war
which could possibly accomplish the object at
which they aimed ? If the war had been success-
ful, then, and then only, would they have ac-
complished their purpose of departing from the
Union.-
Now, I wish to refer for a moment, and I will
be very brief, to the prize cases so often quoted
to sustain the position that the citizens of the
rebel States were enemies during the war, and
are vanquished enemies now, in a political sense,
for in any other sense it has no relevancy what-
ever to the questions now at issue. 1 under-
stood the gentleman from Connecticut, [Mr.
Deming,] and various other gentlemen who
have spoken on this subject, to take the ground
that inasmuch as the Supreme Court lias de-
cided them to be public enemies, therefore they
have no rights under the Constitution of the
United States, but are subject to our absolute
will and disposal. Now, I wish to repeat what
I said when 1 spoke before, that the point which
was decided by the Supreme Court in the prize
cases was simply this: that, during the war,
for the purposes of tlie war, to define tlie mode
in which and the law by which the war could
and should be carried on, all the inhabitants of
the southern States were public enemies, in
this, that property belonging to persons living
within the enemy's lines might be seized as en-
emy's property. It was not held that they would
continue public enemies after the war closed, or
that they were enemies in any political sense
whatever.
Now, sir, there is one single sentence, and it
is a brief one, in the decision of the Supreme
Court which will show that I make that dis-
tinction not without warrant. The court dis-
tinctly cautions us against falling into the error
of supposing that the term "enemy" was used
in a political sense, or in the sense of the com-
mon law. Justice Grier in his opinion says:
"But in defining the term 'enemy's property,' wo
will be led intoeirorif wc relcr to Tleta- <md Lord
Coke for their definition of the word 'enemy.' It, is
technical phrase peeuH.irtopriv.ceojn'ts anddepcnrls
upon principle* ot public policy as distinguished from
common law.-"
Now, in every part of that decision this dis-
tinction must be borne in mind, else we shall
fall into the precise error against which we are
warned by the very decision of the court itself.
I repeat there is not one sentence, not one word,
not one syllable, in that decision which w ill give
the slightest countenance to the idea that the
court, decided that the people of those States
arc still enemies, now the war is closed, or that
the}' have ever been political enemies^ in the
sense in which that term is used upon this floor.
The object, and the only object of the court was
to decide what was the stains of property be-
longing to public enemies, so far as the right of
capture was concerned. And the decision on
that point was that we had the right to capture
property found at sea belonging to men living
within the enemies' lines: not because it be-
longed to disloyal persons, but because it was
within reach of the enemy anil might be used
against us by them ia tlie war. And that is
the reason, as I understand it, which controls
the whole law upon that technical subject.^
I hold iu my hand a summary of the decision
of the court, prepared by Richard II. Dana,
jr., of Boston, who is known there and else-
where as one of the ablest lawyers, and one of
the soundest publicists in that State, which
abounds in both. He was counsel in one of
these eases, and T may add here, because witn
some it might give the greater weight to his
authority, that ho is to-day one of the most
strenuous advocates of the adoption of stringent
measures in regard to the southern States.
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. JULIAN obtained the floor.
Mr. DAVIS. I move that the time of my
colleague [Mr. Raymond] be extended si that
he can conclude his remarks.
Mr. RAYMOND. I would be greatly in-
debted to the House if I may be'permitted to
conclude what I have to say.
No objection was made.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Dana says on this
subject:
" In closing, I offer tlie following synopsis of what
I understand the court did and did not decide.
" What the court did not decidc:
"1. The court did not deeidc that the passing ef the
ordinances of secession made the territory of the in-
surgent States enemy's territory, or-its inhabitants
alien enemies.
"2. The court did not dceidc that the passing of t.lio
secession ordinances terminated, or in any way af-
fected, the legal relations of the insurgent States as
bodies-politic with the General Government, or the
political relations of their inhabitants with tlie Oen-
cml Government or with their respective States.
"3. The court decided absolutely nothing as to the
effect of the passing of the secession ordinances on the
civil or political relations of the, inhabitants of the
insurgent States with the General Government or with
their respective States, or on the relations of the
insurgent States, as bodies-politic, with the General
Government.
"4. The court did not decide that the inhabitants of
the seceding States are alien enemies at all, or that
the territory of those States is enemy's teiritory
" What the court did decide:
"1. That in case of domestic war the Government
of the United States may, at its option, use the powers
and rights known to the international laws of war as
blockade and capture of enemy's property at sea.
"2. That to determine whether property found at
sea is 'enemy's property,' within the meaning of tha
law of prize, the same tests may be applied in do-
mestic as in international wars.
"3. One of those tests is that the owner of the prop-
erty so found has his domicile and residenco in a place
of which the enemy has a certain kind and degree of
possession. .
" -1. Richmond, Virginia, was at the time of the cap-
ture and condemnation of those vessels under such
possession and control o£ an organized, hostile, bel-
ligerent power, as to render it indisputably * enemy's
1 territory,' within the strictest definitions known to
the laws of war.
"5. That it was immaterial how that organized
power came into existence, whether by the use of
, Stnto machinery or otherwise, or what its political
| claims or assumptions are, or whether it is composed
of rebel citizens, or invading aliens, or both, or
v,!i,■ tlicr it piofesses to recognize Stato lines. It is
cnoinh for the court that it is waging war, and so
recognized by the political department of the Gen-
cial Government, and has the requisite possession of
the region in which the owner of the property resides.
"6. That a court of prize in such case decides in-
dependently of all questions as to the political rela-
tions of the owner, or of the place of his domicile,
with the Government of the capturing Power.
So much for that point, and I will not dwell
further upon it. But I think it shows clearly
| that, the Supreme Court gave no countenance
by its decision to the doctrine presented here,
that the inhabitants of these States, having once
been belligerents, and declared to be enemies
within the technical meaning of the law of prize,
are to-day political enemies, and thus subject _
to be disposed of by us under no restraints
but our absolute will and pleasure as their con-
querors. ^
Mr. STEVENS. Did not Mr. Dana confine
his remarks to the mere effect of passing the
ordinance of secession? _
Mr. RAYMOND. In other portions of this
prtcis Mr. Dana extends the consideration of
the subject generally, and says that the court did
not decide at all that these people were political
enemies.
It is claimed here that the rebel States have
forfeited their rights under the Constitution; and
that on the ground of forfeiture they have ccased
to have any rights under the Constitution of the
United States". As I said the other day, that
is a novel doctrine to me.^ 1 do not know how
States can thus forfeit their rights unless they
; can discard their obligations also. They cer-
' tainly cannot do if outside of the Constitution,
and there is no provision in the Constitution
under which they can do it. They have not done
it by the law of nations. e have not been
waging a war of conquest against them, and have
not achieved any such subjugation as gives us
such power or puts tliem absolutely at our
mercy. - .
As Iunderstand it, we have acquired no greater
power over them by our victory over the re-
bellion than we had before the rebellion broke
