2512
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
tions. These men know well what they wanted,
and'they knew wsll how they might most surely
succeed. Whether in field or camp or council,
ia the army or in civil life, in cabinet or count-
ing-room, in city or in country, these men are
known; there Mtn be;io doubt as to them,
Now, when the whole efforts of these men
were directed against the Government, I want
to ask if there is any reason or propriety or
decency or sense in permitting them now at
once not only to be remitted to all political
power, and thus to determine, so far as they
can, by whom the legislation of Congress shall
be eondueted, and who shall be our President,
but also to determine themselves the very ques-
tions involved in the reconstruction of the Gov-
ernment. We have become conquerors, have
we not V Tell me, I pray you, when was the
magnanimity of the conquering force ever taxed
as the magnanimity of this nation would be by
such a proposition? If this third section is
stricken from the amendment I shall still sup-
port it. But unless I shall be satisfied by the
arguments which I may hear that it will .be so
impracticable to enforce the provisions con-
tained in it that it would be substantially inop-
erative, I shall vote to retain the provision in
the amendment as reported.
Mr. Speaker, the fourth section of the amend-
ment commends itself to all of us without argu-
ment. It does not need to be defended.
And for one, I am content to approve the
action of the committee, and to commend it to
the favor ol the people whom we represent.
I can have no doubt that the duty is laid
upon us by events which we could not control
so to legislate that the restored Union shall be
perpetual. Our people demand this now at our
hands. The responsibility is fearful, but it is
glorious too, if only we do right. Never had
any Congress such questions to determine.
They enter into the whole future life of the
Republic. We have seen the false corner-stone
knocked from beneath the temple. It must be
replaced by a corner-stone of righteousness,
solid and square and true. And that work is
in our hands, and it must be done.
Now, Mr. Speaker, I believe if this amend-
ment shall be adopted here and the bills re-
ported shall be substantially enacted, the great
work committed to us will be quickly and well
accomplished. If it be possible let us act to-
gether. It is not possible that all of us can be
fully satisfied. But this amendment is, in my
judgment, safe and sure common standing-
ground. Let us place ourselves upon it. There
is room enough for all.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
desire to make a single suggestion in connec-
tion with the thought that has been uttered by
my friend from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot,]
in regard to the practicability of executing a
provision of the Constitution or law of Con-
gress which should exclude from the elective
franchise those who are disloyal. Now, sir, I
admit and have always admitted the practical
difficulties which are there. As L said before,
I say to-day, I would not myself apply to the
masses of the common people of the South
any exclusion from the elective franchise. I
would not extend it to a single person whom
I was not compelled to extend it to by my duty
to the public.
I make this general remark for the purpose
of doing what! now do. I do not fully agree
with my colleague who spoke yesterday, that it
would require standing armies to execute this
law or this provision of the Constitution, but
I suggest to him, and to all other right-minded
gentlemen in regard to this matter, this really
is not surrounded by any practical difficulties
after all, and will not require standing armies
for its execution if we are to have any Govern-
ment at all. In vindication of that proposition,
let me remind my colleague, and all other gen-
tlemen who make this objection, that there is
a plain provision in the Constitution to" which
we may recur in execution of this amendment ]
or this statute, as I hold we may give it the
form of a statute. I will read it:
" The times, places, and manner of holdinjr elec-
tions for Senators nnd Representatives shall be pre-
scribed iu each State by the Legislature thereof; but
the Congress may at any time, by law. make or al ter
sueli regulations, except as to the places of choosing
Senators."
Now, sir, there is the very law indicated in
certain resolutions introduced by my friend
from Itliode Island [Mr. J excess J on this sub-
jeet for the execution of this provision. It :
indicates a method for the execution of any j
provision that Congress may put into the Con- j
stitution. It will not require standing armies. :
Here there is an act providing a method for j
holding elections in States for Federal offices, j
You can have registry laws. Upon this regis- |
try list you may place the names of men who !
are to be disqualified, and you may also have :
the names of all who are qualified to vote under !
the law. There they will stand, there they will ;
be, to be referred to by your Government in •
the execution of its laws. And when it comes j
to this House or to the Senate to determine ;
whether a man is duly elected you can resort to
the ordinary process applicable to a trial in a
contested-election case in either body, as to
whether he has been elected by the men who
were entitled to elect him.
That will not require a standing army, and it
will be the application of the ordinary methods
of carrying on a Government both of the Union
and of the States.
I may add, however, in connection with this,
that you can provide that the officers of elec-
tion shall be Federal officers appointed by
the Government of the United States, and the
entire machinery that is used in regulating the.
elections can be provided.
[Here the hammer fell.]
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE.
A message was received from the Senate, by
Mr. Forney, its Secretary, informing the House
that the Senate had passed, without amend-
ment, bill of the House No. 352, to incorporate
the National Theological Institute.
Also, a joint resolution (H. JR. No. C6) rela-
tive to the courts and post office of New York
city, with an amendment, in which the concur-
rence of the House was requested.
Also, Senate bill No. o07, authorizing the
restoration of Commander Charles Hunter to
the Navy, and Senate bill No. 305, to amend an
act entitled "An act concerning notaries public
for the District of Columbia," approved April
8, 18G-1; in which the concurrence of the House
was requested.
INDIAN RESERVATIONS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill in relation to Round Valley
and other Indian reservations in northern Cal-
ifornia ; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee on Indian
Affairs.
POST ROADS IN CALIFORNIA.
Mr. BIDWELL, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill to establish certain post roads
in the State of California ; which was read a
first and second time, and referred to the
Committee on the Post Office and Post Roads.
RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I rise, Mr. Speaker,
simply to finish what I desired to say when the
hammer fell as I was addressing the House j
before, and for the purpose, also, of giving the i
gentleman from New York [Mr. Raymond] an
opportunity to submit anything in reply that he
may desire.
I undertook, when I-was on the floor before,
to show that the remark the gentleman made
to-day in justification of his vote against the
civil rights bill was not in harmony with his
action as a member of the House in the intro-
duction of a bill guarantying the rights of
citizens without distinction of race or color,
and also in submitting to the House a propo-
sition, which I read to the House, for the benefit
of the freedmen.
I stated" that I could not see that the position
takSn to-day was consistent with that presented
b"y tlte bill sfid the proposition to which I re-
ferred, for it seems to me that the second sec-
tion of the bill, as I have stated before, and
the proposition to which I referred, embodied
the principle of the first section of the civil
rights bill.
I was about to remark, when my time ex-
pired, that if the gentleman intended his ex-
planation to apply only to those portions of
the civil rights bill which succeeded the first
section, it might raise another question, namely,
whether, after declaring all persons born in the
United States citizens and entitled to all the
rights and privileges of citizens, it would be
competent for the Government of the United
States to enforce and protect the rights thus
conferred, or thus declared by the second sec-
tion of the bill which the gentleman introduced.
Now, as I understand his remark to-day, it
was directed to tho principle involved in the
first section of tho civil rights bill which related
to the rights to be protected by the provisions
of that bill. That being conceded, the power
to protect those rights must necessarily follow,
as was laid down in the well-known ease of
Priggts. The Commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
where the Supreme Court declared that the pos-
session of the right carries with it tho power to
provide a remedy.
Now, sir, it seemed to mo that there was
an inconsistency between that record and the
explanation of to-day, and as I do not wish
to do the gentleman any injustice in this
regard, I yield part of ray time now for expla-
nation.
Mr. RAYMOND. Mr. Speaker, I supposed
it was a matter of very little consequence to
any one but myself what rnv record might be.
I do not wish here to enter into a detailed ex-
amination of that record. Those who are mora
concerned in regard to it than myself will
probably do that for me here or elesewhere.
But with regard to my position upon this civil
rights bill and the principles involved in it, I
think I can explain in a very few words what it
is so as to be understood by all. Almost at the
very outset of this session, before the civil rights
bill, which passed here and which is now the
law of the land, had been reported, I intro-
duced a bill proposing, first, to strike out the
word "white" in the naturalization laws, and,
secondly, declaring that all persons born in
this country heretofore, or hereafter to be born,
should be. and were thereby declared to be,
citizens of the United States.
In some remarks that I submitted upon the
subject I stated that my object was either to
recognize the citizenship of the men lately
freed from slavery, if that citizenship existed
already, or to confer upon them citizenship if
they were not now citizens, and Congress had
power so to confer it.
I also said that I proposed a section in the
bill which declared them to be entitled to all
the rights, privileges, and immunities of other
citizens of the United States, whatever those
rights may be.
And it followed as a necessary inference that
they were to have the same security for the
enjoyment of those rights and the same rem-
edy for their violation as any other citizen
had: whatever laws Congress might make to
protect other citizens in the enjoyment of their
rights, they were also entitled to the protection
of those laws. But the civil rights bill, when
it came before us for our action, contained not
only this declaration, in which 1 fully agreed,
.but it contained a provision by which the Gov-
ernment of the United States undertook to
secure to them and to all other citizens the
enjoyment of certain rights, and to provide for
their violation certain remedies within State
jurisdiction, where it seemed to me Congress
under the existing Constitution had not the
right so to act. It was this provision which
rendered it impossible for me, with these opin-
ions, to vote tor the bill.
It was the remedy provided, one feature of
which was giving power to the judiciary of the
United States to imprison officers of the State
courts for enforcing State laws, which I did not
think Congress baa the right to do; it Was tMs
