2514
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
in the amendment which has just been adopted
on his motion. In the original language of the
section, it is the proceedings and remedies
which ere stated or referred to as not inconsist-
ent with the provisions of the act; but as it
has been amended the language is, a tax, fines,
and penalties not inconsistent with the provis-
ions herein contained."
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I think,
if the gentleman will examine the amendment,
he will find that it is correct. As amended the
language reads, " shall apply to the assessment
and collection of the tax, fines, and penalties
imposed by and not inconsistent with the pro-
visions of this act."
Mr. PAINE. The word " inconsistent"
before referred to the proceedings and reme-
dies; now it refers to something very different.
Perhaps the gentleman.intended that; but I
supposed he did not.
The Clerk read the first and second para-
graphs of the ninth section, as follows:
Sec.£9. And be it further enacted, That the act en-
titled "An act to provide internal revenue to support
the Government, to pay interest on the public debt,
and for other purposes," approved June 30, 1864,
amended by the act of March 3,1865, be, and the same
is hereby, amended as follows:
That section five be amended by adding thereto the
following: and any inspector or revenue agentor any
special agent appointed by the Secretary ot the Treas-
ury, who shall demand or receive any compensation,
fee, or reward, other than such as are provided by law
for, or in regard to, the performance of his official
duties, or shall be guilty of any extortion or willful
oppression in the discharge of such duties, shall, upon
conviction thereof in any circuit or district court of
the United States having j urisdiction thereof, be sub-
ject to a tine not exceeding $1,000 or to imprisonment
for not exceeding one year, or both, at the discretion
of the court, and shall be dismissed f om office, and
shall be forever disqualified trom holding any office
under .the Government of the United States. And
one half of the fine so imposed shall be for the use
of the United States, and the other half for the use
of the person, to be ascertained by the judgment of
the court, who shall first give information whereby
any such fine may be incurred.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by inserting in the twenty-fourth line
of the paragraph just read the word ££the"
before the word " information."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend by striking out the word *1 incurred,''
at the end of the paragraph, and inserting in
lieu thereof the word "imposed."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next paragraph of the ninth section was
read, as follows:
That section fourteen be amended by striking out all
after the enacting clause, and inserting in lieu thereof
the following: that in case any person shall be absent
from his or her residence or place of business at the
time an assistant assessor shall call for the annual
list or return, and no annual list or return has been
rendered by such person to the as&lbtant assessor as
required by law, it shall be the duty of such assistant
assessor to leave at such place of residence or busi-
ness, with .some one of suitable age and discretion, if
such be present, otherwise to deposit in the nearest
post office, a note or memorandum, addressed to such
person, requiring him or her to render to such assist-
ant assessor the list or return required by law within
ten days from the date of such note or memorandum,
verified by oath or affirmation. And if any person,
on being notified or required as aforesaid, shall refuse
or neglect to render such list or return within the
time required as aforesaid, or if any person without
notice, as aforesaid, shall not deliver a monthly or
other list or return at the time required by law, or if
any person shall deliver or disclose to any assessoi or
assistant assessor any list, statement, or ret urn which,
m the opinion of the assessor, is false or fraudulent,
?r c£ntains any understatement or undervaluation,
it shall be lawful for the assessor to summon such
person, his agent, or other person having possession,
cubtoay, or care of books of account containing en-
™ to t^ie trade or business of such person,
persons he may deem proper, to appear
h assessor and produce such book, at a time
and place therein named, and to give testimony or
answer interrogatories under oath or affirmation
respecting any objects liable to duty or tax fore-
said, or the lists, statements, or returns thereof or
any trade, business, or profession liable to any tax as
aforesaid. And the ass^gsor may summon, as afore-
said, any person residing or found within the State
in which his district is situated. And when thePer-
son intended to be summoned does n™remand
cannot be found within such State, the assessor mav
enter any collection district where such person mav
be found, and there make the examination hereinbe-
fore authorized. And to this end he shall therehav©
and may exorcisc all the power and authority he has
or may lawfully exercise in the district for which he
is commissioned. The summons authorized by this
section shall in all cases be served by an assistant
assessor of the district where the person to whom it
is directed may he found, by an attested copy deliv-
ered to such person in hand or left at his last and
usual place of abode, allowing him at the rate of one
day for twenty-five miles h e may berequired to travel,
computed from the place of service to the place of
examination; and the certificate of service signed by
an assistant assessor shdll be evidence of the fact it
states on the hearing of an application for an attach-
ment, and when the summons requires the produc-
tion of books, it shall be sufficient if such books are
described with reasonable certainty. In case any
person so summoned shall neglect or refuse to obey
such summons according to its exigency, or to give
testimony, or to answer interrogatories as required, it
shall be lawful for the assessor, upon affidavit prov-
ing the facts, to apply to the judge of the district court
for the district within which the person so summoned
resides, or a commissioner of the circuit court of the
United States, who is hereby authorized and empow-
ered to perform the duties herein required, for an
attachment against such person as for a contempt.
It shall be the duty of such judge or commissioner to
hear such application, and if satisfactory proof be
made, toissue an attachment, directed to some proper
officer, for the arrest of such person, and upon his
being brought before him to proceed to a hearing of
the case; and upon such hearing the judge or com-
missioner shall have power to make such order as he
shall deem proper to enforce obedience to the require-
ments of the summons and punish such person for his
default or disobedicnec. It shall bo the duty of the
assessor or assistant assessor of the district within
which such person shall have taxable property to
enter into and upon the premises, if it be necessary,
of such person so refusing or neglecting, or rendering
a false or fraudulent list or return, and to make, ac-
cording to the best information which he can obtain,
including that derived from the evidence elicited by
the examination of the assessor, and on his own view
and information, such list or return, according to the
form prescribed, of the property, goods, wares, and
merchandise, and all articles or objccts liable to duty
or tax, owned or possessed or under the care or man-
agememt of such person, and assess the duty thereon,
including the amount, if any, due for special tax or
income; and in case of the return of a false or fraud-
ulent list or valuation, he shall add one hundred per
cent, to such duty; and in case of a refusal or neglect,
except in cases of sickness or absence, to make a list
or return, or to verify the same as aforesaid, he shall
add fifty per cent, to such duty; and in case of neg-
lect occasioned by sickness or absence as aforesaid,
the assessor may allow such further time for making
and delivering such list or return as he may judge
necessary, not exceeding thirty days; and the amount
so added to the duty shall, in all eases, be collected
by the collector at the same time and in the same
manner with the duties; and the lists or returns so
made and subscribed by such assessors or assistant
assessors shall be taken and reputed as good and
sufficient lists or returns for all legal purposes.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I mofe
to amend by striking out in the seventieth line,
on page 12, the word "him," and inserting
in lieu thereof the words "such assistant
assessor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend by inserting before the word "twenty"
in the same line the word " each so that the
clause will read :
Allowing such assistant assessor at the rate of one
day for each twenty-five miles he may berequired to
travel.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
further to amend by inserting in the seventy-
first line after the words "computed from"
the words "his place of residence to."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
also to amend by striking out in the seventy-
second line the words "to the place of exami-
nation."
Mr. BROMWELL. Mr. Chairman, it appears
to me that the design of this provision must
have been to give the party time to repair from
his place of residence to the place where the
examination is to be made; and if wo make
the language apply to the assistant assessor
■vve give no time to the person summoned.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. If the
gentleman will examine the provision he will
see that the object is to provide for the serv-
ing of the summons by the assistant assessor,
and for his pay for the service in going from
the place of his residence to the place where
the summons is to be served. This provision
has nothing to do with the examination. It
merely relates to the summons for the exam-
ination.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
?Tnd seventy-third line by striking
outthe.word "an" and inserting so
that it shall read "signed by such assistant
assessor."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to amend in the seventy-eighth and seventy-
ninth lines by striking out the words " accord-
ing to its exigency," so that it shall read, " to
obey such summons or to give testimony."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert the words "or a commissioner of the
circuit court of the United States" before the
words that now appear in the next line, "for
the district within which the person so sum-
moned resided." The two lines should be
transposed.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to strike out of the eighty-fourth line the words
"who are" and insert in lieu thereof "such
judge or commissioner," so that it will read,
'' such judge or commissioner is hereby author-
ized and empowered," &c.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. HOOPER, of Massachusetts. I move
to insert after the word "duty" the words "or
tax," in the one hundred and sixth line, in the
one hundred and tenth line, and in the one hun-
dred and twelfth line. Also, to insert " as" in
the place of "with" in the one hundred and
eighteenth line. Also, to strike out "duties,"
in the one hundred and nineteenth line, and
insert "duty or tax." Also, the letter "s"
in the word " lists" in the same line. Also,
the words "lists and returns " in the one hun-
dred and twenty-first line; so that thatportion
of the section shall read :
It shall be the duty of the assessor or assistant as-
sessor of the district within which such person shall
have taxable property to enter into and upon the
promises, if it be necessary, of such person so refus-
ing or neglecting, or rendering a false or fraudulent
list or return, and to make, according to the best in-
formation which he can obtain, including that derived
from the evidence elicited by the examination of the
assessor, and on his own view and information, such
list or return, according to the form prescribed, of tho
property, goods, wares, and merchandise, and all arti-
cles or objects liable to duty or tax, owned or pos-
sessed or under the care or management of such per-
son, and assess the duty or tax thereon, including the
amount, if any, due for special tax or income; andin
case of the return of a false or fraudulent list or val-
uation, he shall add one hundred per cent, to such
duty or tax; and in case of a refusal or neglect, ex-
cept in cases of sickness or absence, to make a list or
return, or to verify thesame as aforesaid, he shall add
fifty per cent, to such duty or tax; and ill case of neg-
lect occasioned by sickness or absence as aforesaid,
the assessor inay allow such further time for making
and delivering such list or return as he may judge
necessary, not exceeding thirty days; and the amount
so added to the duty shall, in all cases, be collected
by the collector at the same time and in the same
manner as tho duty or tax; and the list or returns so
made and subscribed by such assessors or assistant
assessors shall be taken and reputed as good andsuf-
ficient for all legal purposes.
The amendments were agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. I want to call the atten-
tion of the committee to what has been sug-
gested to me by an assessor, that although
they are authorized to enter into a district and
make an examination there is no provision for
paying witnesses.
Mr. THAYER. If my colleague will yield
I will offer an amendment to cover that sug-
gestion.
Mr. STEVENS. And while I am up I will
suggest another thing. _ The original law—and
I do not see that there is any alteration in this
allows the assessor in case of an alleged fraud
to enter into an examination, being himself the
judge and jury, and after settling the question
of fraud, to double the amount assessed.
Mr. MORRILL. I call the attention of the
gentleman to page 116, where there is this pro-
vision :
The bills for the attendance and mileage of said
Tl shall he taxed by tho assessor and paid by
the delinquent parties, or otherwise by the collector
01 tlie district, on cerfilieatc of tho assessor, at tho
rates usually allowed in said districts for witnesses
m courts of mstieo.
Mr. 1HAYER. That only applies to cases
of appeal.
Mr. STEVENS. I desire to state further
that according to the construction of the law
