490
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
expulsion. It is possible tliat this Congress
may attempt to expel them, but I do not think j
it will. It can declare tliem not to be in the
Union, but it must be by a. positive act of de-
privation if it actually gets them out from, the
jurisdiction and protection of the Constitution;
and Congress is not empowered to perform any
such act.
Now, all that remains to complete the resto-
ration of their practical relations with the na-
tional Government is the admission of repre-
sentatives from those Stales into the two Houses
of Congress: and that is for Congress to do.
That is purely, solely, and exclusively confided
to the power of Congress. The President has
nothing to do with that question. And all (hat
we have now to decide is, upon what principles
shall that question be settled? I say with re-
gard to that matter, as 1 have said in regard to
every other question connected with our rela-
tions to those States, that wo must decide it on
the Brinciples of the Constitution. We have
no right to go beyond that. The fifth section
of the first article of the Constitution says:
" jSacli IIouso shall bo the j ucU'e of the elections,
returns, and qualifications of its owu members."
It is for this House to decide upon the quali-
fications of members who may present them-
selves here for admission, and it, has the right
to select its own tost to determine that question
of qualification in its own way and by ils own
forms. It has a right to declare that disloyalty,
evinced by active hostility against, the. United
States, shall be a disqualification for a seat on
this floor, and it has already done so.
There is another point. As Representatives
are chosen by districts and not by Stales, 1 main-
tain that, this House is bound to consider the
case of each separate district by itself, as a dis-
trict; by which I mean thai, if a member pre-
sents himself here from a particular district of
the State of Georgia we can inquire into his
"qualifications for occupying a scat upon this
floor without regard to the character of other
Representatives from that State, or of the State
itself. If he is a disloyal man we can exclude
him, and decide that his district, having sent
here a disqualified man as a Representative, is
not entitled to representation until it sends one
who is qualified; and if the adjoining district
sendsa man who is qualified, we may and should
admit him, thus deciding the matter by districts
. and not by States. The Senate, of course, will
act for itself on the question of admit I ing Sen-
ators, and must, of necessity, act liv Slates.
Mr. STEVENS. The gentleman will pardon
me. for interrupting him, but 1 would like to
understand from him whether he holds that, this
House can make a law changing the qualifica-
tions which the Constitution prescribes for a
member of Congress, or whether he holds that
it must be done by both branches of Congress
joi lit I v.
Mr! RAYMOND. 1 do not think that either
this House or both branches of Congress can
change I lie prmisions of llie Constitution in
that resp(3cl or in any other.
Mr. HTl'jYhjNS. 1 desire the gentleman to
state whether, in his view, wc can, oil her by
our own action or the joint, action of bot.ii
Houses, make a law requiring other qualifica-
tions for membership than those designated in
the Constitution.
Mr. RAYMOND. Wo cannot pass any law
whatever except by the joint action of the two
Ilonses, and we cannot by joint action pass any
valid law which shall contravene the provisions
of the Constitution; but so far as concerns the
admission of members to this floor, vc ourselves
are the absolute judges. '' Each 11 ouse shall be
tlie judge of the elections, ret urns, and qualifi-
cations of ils own members." There is the
source from which we get authority to judge
at all, and that expressly assigns authority on
this subject to each House. In acting on this
subject, we must undoubtedly abide by'thc Con-
stitution, and must demand that any person
claiming a seat as a Representative shall satisfy
thequalificationsprescribedbytheConstitution.
Mr. STEYENS._ I desire to ask the gentle-
man whether, in his opinion, a tost oath, being
an addition to the qualifications prescribed by
the Constitution, can lawfully be required of
persons presenting themselves for admission as
Representatives.
Mr. RAYMOND. I think that we can add
such an oath as a test of qualification, if we
choose. The Constitution does not prohibit us
from requiring any additional test of qualifica-
tion which we may deem essential.
Now, sir, it is said that by the course of pro-
cedure which 1 suggest a State may be repre-
sented partially in one House and not at all in
the other. Well, sir, why not? if a particular
district in a certain State is entitled to repre-
sentation by virtue of its loyalty, and it sends
here a loyal man as its Representative, that
man should be admitted, even though all the
rest, of the State should be disloyal, and thus
disqualified from 'sending a proper man as a
representative in the other branch of Congress.
1 see no objection to that in point of constitu-
tional law, and I see some advantages in point
of policy. This is, it occurs to me, the only
way in which we can ha\ e any lcprescntatiou
of the loyal men of the southern States, or do
them any kind of justice. Wc should not judge
them sweepingly, classing them with rebels and
traitors, and declaring that because, some in
the State, are not entitled to representation, none
can have it. Moreover, it would give us some
relief and promise us more in future from the
great evil which has afllieted the polities of this
country for some years past—1 mean the evil
of sectionalism. We can form relations with
loyal men in portions of the South. They need
not, come here in solid phalanx, adhering, as a
matter of course or necessity, to one political
party, and to one line of national policy, and
taking no part in the general interest'! of the
country, except so far as their relations to one
particular paity incline them to do so.
Now, sir, it, is objected that it is unsure to
admit upon this tloor members from the [Stales
whose people were lately engaged in rebellion,
because those members may vote in a way to
destroy or impair some of tin; permanent in-
terests of the country, or in a way which con-
flicts with the opinions which many of us hold
to be the only safe opinions on which the Gov-
ernment can lie conducted. Well, sir, if they
are loyal men, (and 1 do not wish !o meet any
other here,) they will not vote in a disloyal
manner, lint, sir, I do not seo what right we
have 1 o ma,lee any point like t.hat. We have no
right to canvass how men shall vote before wc
admit them to seats upon this tloor. If they
have the. right, at all, they hold it wholly inde-
pendent of that consideration. Moreover. I
venture to say we need to-day. more than we
need anything else, Representatives, intelligent
Representatives, Ioval Representa(ives from the
southern Stales here upon this floor, tor our
owu inform;:!ion and guidance on subjects we
arc daily called upon to canvass and decide.
Why, sir, thai, is the mode by which, in the
view of the Constitution, Congress should be-
come enlightened as to llioaction i! shouldtuke.
It. is to act, upon iufoim.ition furnished by Rep-
resentatives from the difl'ci ent States, hook
at the, means we have to resort to now, for lack
of such representation, to proeurc such infor-
mation, We have to rely upon newspaper re-
ports, upon chance letters of correspondents.
AVe hear read before Congress, in one branch
or the other, copious extracts from anonymous
letters. We call to our aid agents sent South,
as my friend from Connecticut [Mr. DkmixcJ
said, to inspect the "southern kii/wiw,'' This
is a roundabout and most unsatisfactory wav
of procuring information to serve as a basis of
public action. Each agent will bring from there
what he takos there : he will see what, he went to
see—that and nothing more. 1s information
thus loosely gathered from irresponsible sources
a proper guide for legislation? Is that proper
ground on which to act? We should gain im-
! niensely in knowledge of the actual condition of
j the States if we had by our side loyal, intelii-
j gent southern men representing loyal districts
j in the southern States.
i Now, sir, wc have not gone to work to decide
upon the admission of members in this way.
We have not taken this constitutional mode of
considering the claims of southern Representa-
tives to seats on this floor. Instead of acting
in accordance with the provisions of the Con-
stitution, instead of acting ourselves at all, we
have abdicated that high function and handed
it over to a joint committee of fifteen—a com-
mittee which sits with closed doors, which de-
liberates in secret, which shuts itself out from
the knowledge and observation of Congress, and
which does not even deign to give us the infor-
mation it was appointed to collect, and on which
we are to base our action—but which sends its re-
scripts into this House and demands their ratifi-
cation, withoutreasonsandwitliout facts, before
the going down of the sun 1 Ts that the consti-
tutional mode of acting on this great question?
Is it. a mode which can satisfy the consciences
and patriotic convictions of any man on this
floor?
This resolution embodies an amendment to
the Constitution which comes from that com-
mittee. It is sent line, and the prompt, instant
action ofthe House is demanded upon it. Not
a reason came to us from llie committee for its
adoption, not a statement e\en of any exigency
which required it. I rejoice that the sense of
the 1 louse revolted from the monstrous outrage
of deciding so great a question, one touching so
nearly the fundamental principles of our Gov-
ernment, on so small a basis. It demanded
debate; and 1 shall be much disappointed if
from the able debates of the past few days the
House has not received information and criti-
cism of value in aiding it to form just opinions
! and take proper action upon the subject.
I think, sir, we ha\e aright to ask that com-
mittee for the entire programme on which they
propose to reconstruct the Government ofthe
United Slates before, we adopt any of its
puns. We may have this amendment changing
the basis of representation sent to us to-day,
and to-morrow we may lnne another 1 ti ualU
consolidating the national Government and sub-
stantially extinguishing I lie lights which belong
to the Statesunder the. Constitution. 1 will not
assume that this is the direction in which the
committee is looking fur the reconstruction of
the Government, but we are entitled to know
definitely and distinctly what it does propose,
and all thai it proposes, before we act, at, all.
When we grope in the dark we know not what
we meet, and when we abdicate our own func-
tions and power and put them into the hands
of a committee, a creature of our owu, which
shuts ils doors against us, and deliberates in
secret and only issues from lime to lime de-
crees fonts to ratify or reject, it is our right, nay,
sir, it, is our duty to apprehend the worst, and to
demand all the guarantees that full information
can furnish for the safety of the trust wc have
committed to its hands.
1 think we owe it to ourselves here upon this
floor to emancipate ourselves from the domina-
tion of that committee. 1 think wc ow e it to
ou rselves here to discharge that committee fioin
the further consideration of certain subjects we
have assigned it, and take them where the Con-
stitution has placed them, into our own keeping.
Whether the House is prepared for such action,
J do not know. 1 think for its own dignity it
■should become so as soon as possible.
We are told that we must admit, none to the
exercise of political power who are not sincere
in their loyalty. Now, I have on that point this
to submit: we have no means, in the first place,
of testing the sincerity and loyalty of any man
except by his public acts. What, moreover,
h.uo we to do with the motives of men North
or South, or their opinions upon politics or any-
thing else? I thought the day hail gone by
when opinions could be coerced by political
power, or when Governments took cognizance
of opinions at all, apart from public action. J
thought, that habit had expired when the Inqui-
sition died. "We have the right to exact at the
hands of every man loyalty in his public action;
and that is all we ha\ e the right to exact. You
have the right to hold whatever opinions you
like in regard to the Government- if you will
