3474
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
the words, "on flocks the duty shall be six
cents per pound." That is double what it is
now under the law; and really, in view of the
difference between flocks and shoddy, I trust
the House will discriminate in favor of flocks.
The question was taken ; and upon a divis-
ion there were—ayes 32, noes 39; no quorum
voting.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Dawes
and Morrill were appointed.
The House again divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes forty, noes not counted.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk began the reading of the second
seetion, when
Mr. MORRILL said: Agreeably to my prom-
ise I now move that the committee rise.
The motion was agreed to ; and the Speaker
having resumed the chair, Mr. Scofield re-
ported that the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, according to order,
had had under consideration the bill of the
House (No. 718) to provide increased reve-
nue from imports, and for other purposes,
and had come to no resolution thereon.
IIOUR OF MEETING.
Mr. PRICE. I ask leave to submit the fol-
lowing resolution for consideration atthi3time:
Hesolved, That this House will, until otherwise
ordered, commence its sessions at eleven o'clock a.
m., beginning with to-morrow, Friday, the 29th in-
stant.
The SPEAKER. It requires unanimous con-
sent to c.onsiderthis resolution at this time.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I object.
And then, on motion of Mr. BINGHAM,
(at five o'clock and twenty minutes p. in.,)
the House adjourned.
petition's, etc.
The following petitions, <fcc., were presented under
the rule and referred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. BENJAMIN: The petition of Albeit S.
Pierce, of Kirksville, Missouri, for relief.
By Mr. CoBB: A memorial of C. C. Washburne, of
Wisconsin, in re the proposed bridging of the Mis-
sissippi river at Winona.
By Mr. DODGE: The petition of a largo number
of commercial brokers, praying for a reduction of the
tax on sale?.
By Mr. HUBBARD, of New York: Two several'
petitions of 30 citizens of the county of Chenango,
New Yoik, praying for a repeal of the tax of ten per
cent, imposed by a recent act upon any bank that
shall pay out the notes of any State bank or banks on
all they shall pay out on and ai'terthe 1st day of July
next.
By Mr. MILLER: Two petitions from citizens of
Pennsylvania, asking the tariff to b'o so amended as
to protect labor, kc.
By Mr. McKEE: The petition of Chenautt k Co.,
of Lexington, Kentucky, praying an act for their
benefit, to enable them to secure payment for pork
used by the Federal Army in Kentucky.
By Mr. MYERS: The petition of Mrs. Eliza IT.
Barnwell, of Philadelphia.lor permission to redeem
a store and wharf in Beaufort, South Carolina, sold
without her knowledge for taxes and bought by the
United States, by the payment of said taxes and
expenses.
By Mr. WILSON, of Pennsylvania: Tho petition
of 130 citizens of the city of Williamsport, Pennsyl-
vania, praying for an amendment of the tariff so as
to protect labor to the extent of the difference of the
cost of capital and labor here and abroad, with the
addition of tho taxes paid by American industrial
products from which the foreign are free.
By Mr. WILLIAMS: The petition of 60 working
men of Armstrong county, Pennsylvania, prayingfor
protection to labor to tho extent of the difference
between the value of foreign and domestic capital
and labor, with the addition of the internal duties
levied upon American industrial products.
IN SENATE.
Friday, June 29, 1866.
Prayer by Rev. A. D. Gillette, D. D., of
Washington.
On motion of Mr. WILSON, and by unani-
mous consent, tho reading of the Journal of
yesterday was dispensed with.
petitions and memorials.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore presented
resolutions of the Legislature of Connecticut,
in favor of the passage of an act whereby the
comparative merits of each site offered for a
navy-yard and naval depot for iron-clads may
be ascertained, with a view to the adoption of
that one by which the public interest will be
best promoted; which was ordered to lie on
the table and be printed.
Mr. CHANDLER presented a petition of
citizens of Washington, North Carolina, pray-
ing that a light may be placed on the obstruc-
tion in the Neuse river known as the "Block-
ade the petitioners alleging that the obstruc-
tions are so constructed as not to be visible
above low-water mark, and that a light should
be placed there for the protection of vessels
entering and departing from that port; which
was referred to the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. SUMNER presented resolutions of the
Legislature of Massachusetts, in favor of an
appropriation by Congress to aid in the con-
struction of a railroad from Orleans to Prov-
ineetown; which were referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. POMEROY. I have a memorial from
the board of common council of the city of
Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, with
some accompanying papers, relating to a bill
that passed the House of Representatives ap-
propriating a portion of the military reserve
at Fort Leavenworth for a park for the city of
Leavenworth. The Committee on Military Af-
fairs yesterday reported adversely on that bill,
without the proof and papers which are now
in my possession and which have been received
by mail since the report was made. I now
move that the bill reported by the committee
yesterday, (II. 11. No. 447,) to authorize the
Secretary of War to sell a portion of the Fort
Leavenworth military reservation to the city of
Leavenworth, in the State of Kansas, for a pub-
lic park, be recommitted to the Committee on
Military Affairs; and that the memorial and
papers I now present take the same reference.
The motion was agreed to.
george "w. eusii.
Mr. VAN WINKLE. At the requestp>i the
chairman of the Committee on Pensions, who
is absent to-day, I move that House bill No.
705, for the relief of George W. Bush, which
was yesterday reported on adversely, be recom-
mitted to the Committee on Pensions.
The motion was agreed to.
reports of committees.
Mr. ICIRKWOOD, from the Committee on
Public Lands, to whom was referred a bill (II.
R. No. 401) to remove the office of surveyor
general of the States of Iowa and Wisconsin
to Plattsmouth, Nebraska, reported it without
amendment.
Mr-. HARRIS, from the Committee on Pri-
vate Land Claims, to whom was referred the
petition of Ethan Ray Clark and Samuel Ward
Clark, praying that their title to a tract of land*
in Florida may be confirmed, reported a bill
(S. No. 402) to confirm the title of Ethan Ray
Clark and Samuel Ward Clark to certain lands
in the State of Florida, claimed under a grant
from the Spanish Government; which was read
and passed to a second reading.
Mr. CLARK, from the Committee on Claims,
to whom was referred a bill (S. No. 385) for
the relief of Thomas W. Stevens, reported it
without amendment.
bills introduced.
Mr. CHANDLER asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S.
No. 399) relative to collection districts in North
Carolina; which was read twice by its title and
referred to the Committee on Commerce.
He also asked, and by unanimous consent
obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No. 400)
to fix the compensation of certain collectors
of customs, and for other purposes; which was
read twice by its title and referred to the Com-
mittee on Commerce.
Mr. WILSON asked, and by unanimous con-
sent oblained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
401) to increase and fix the military peace
establishment of the United States; which was
read twice by its title, referred to the Commit-
tee on Military Affairs and the Militia, and
ordered to be printed.
Mr. BROWN asked, and by unanimous con-
sent obtained, leave to introduce a bill (S. No.
403) to place the name of Sarah Bacon on the
pension list; which was read twice by its title
and referred to tho Committee on Pensions.
message from the house.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, Chief Clerk, announced
that the House of Representatives had passed
the following bills, in which it requested the
concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 191) to amend an act
making a grant of lands to tho State of Min-
nesota to aid in the construction of the rail-
road from St. Paul to Lake Superior, approved
May 5, 1804; and
A bill (H. R. No. 629) for the benefit of
William G. Lee.
The message further announced that tho
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills, with amendments to each, in which
amendments it requested the concurrence of
the Senate:
A bill (S. No. 215) concerning certain lands
granted to the State of Nevada; and
A bill (S. No. 156) making additional grant
of lands to the State of Minnesota, in alternate
sections, to aid in the construction of a railroad
in said State.
The message further announced that Mr.
Russell Thayer, of Pennsylvania, had been
appointed as one of the managers on the part
of the House of Representatives, in place of
Mr. E. B. Washburne, of Illinois, who was
excused, at the conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses on the amendments
of the Senate to the bill (H. R. No. 127) mak-
ing appropriations for the support of the Army
for the year ending 30th June, 1867.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had insisted on its
amendments to the bill (S. No. 145) for a grant
of lands to the State of Kansas to aid in the
construction of the Northern Kansas railroad
and telegraph, which were disagreed to by
the Senate, agreed to the conference asked
by the Senate on the disagreeing votes of
the two Houses thereon, and had appointed
Mr. Benjamin F. Loan of Missouri, Mr.
Sidney Clarke of Kansas, and Mr. Charles
A. Eldridge of Wisconsin, managers at tho
same on its part.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had non-concurred in the
amendments of the Senate to the bill (II. R.
No. 613) to continue in force and to amend
an act to establish a Bureau for -the Relief of
Freedmen and Refugees, and for other pur-
poses, asked a conference on the disagreeing
votes of the two Houses thereon, and had
appointed Mr. Thomas D. Eliot of Massa-
chusetts, Mr. John A. Bingham of Ohio, and
Mr. Hiram. McCullodgh of Maryland, man-
agers at the same on its part.
enrolled bills signed.
The message further announced that tho
Speaker of the House of Representatives had
signed the following enrolled bills and joint
resolutions; which were thereupon signed by
the President pro tempore:
A bill (S. No. 313) to regulate the trans-
portation of nitro-glycerine or glynoin oil, and
other substances therein named;
A bill (S. No. 317) to amend an act entitled
"An act to amend an act entitled 'An act to
aid in the construction of a railroad and tel-
egraph line from the Missouri river to the
Pacific ocean, and to secure to the Govern-
ment thef use of the same for postal, military,
and other purposes,' approved July 1, 1862,"
approved J uly 2, ] 864;
A bill (H. R. No. 18) for the relief of the
members of the thirty-seventh regiment of
Iowa volunteer infantry;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 110) to author-
ize tho hiring of a building or buildings for the
temporary accommodation of the Department
of State;
A joint resolution (S. R. No. 113) for the
construction of a railroad bridge across the
