1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
75
39th Cong.... 1st
Freedmen's Bureau—3fr. Phelps.
Ho. op Reps.
in part of the State of Maryland, a State which
became self-emancipated during the progress
of this war, a State which abruptly and with-
out compensation gave liberty to more than
eighty thousand slaves, all of whom were val-
uable and tangible property to her citizens; I
say it would ill become me, standing here as
the Representative of such a State, to oppose
the main principle upon which this bill is based.
Not only so, sir, but it would not consist either
with my own feelings or my own principles to
deny the liberal, humane, beneficent idea which
underlies the measure. I believe that these
freedmen ought to be protected by the Govern-
ment, I believe that thoy ought to be encour-
aged to labor and to earn their livelihood, as
well as to learn; that they ought to be pro-
tected in their rights under contracts, and es-
pecially from the danger of being reduced by
any procoss. direct or circuitous, to the condi-
tion of slavery from which we have rescued them.
Four million slaves liberated, not for the sake
of humanity, but by a stroke of policy, not for
their sakcs, but our own, are not now to be coolly
dropped by a Government which will in that
case have made so shrewd and cruel a use of
them. I am therefore clear in the opinion that
some legislation looking to the end proposed
to be attained by this bill is, in general, expe-
dient and necessary. That it is constitutional,
I have as little doubt.
Congress is clothed with ample power over
the subject by the 'second section of article
thirteen of the Amendments to the Constitu-
tion of the United States. That legislation
of the general scope and character embodied in
the pending bill is "appropriate legislation"
toward enforcing the total abolishment of sla-
very, is a proposition not requiring argument.
But, Mr. Speaker, while such legislation may
be constitutional, expedient,' and necessary, it
may at the same time be overdone. In at-
tempting it, we should not forget that we are
traveling over new and dangerous ground. In
endeavoring to remove an actual, or prevent a
possible evil, we may establish a precedent for
a worse. The limits of just protection maybe
exceeded. Features of profligate extravagance,
or officious, minute, and aggravating intrusion
into the details of social and domestic life may
counterbalance all the advantages which oth-
erwise would recommend such a measure to
the support of every loyal man. Efforts have
been made, and very ingeniously, by gentle-
men opposed to the bill, to bring it within the
last-named specification, by arguing from the
language used in the seventh and eighth sec-
tions an inference of a design to control State
laws in respect to the marriage relation. Sueli
a construction is not warranted by the terms1
employed.
But it is, I think, more difficult to relieve the
bill from the charge of extravagance. I par-
ticularly refer to the third section:
That the Secretary of War may direct sueh issues
of provisions, clothing, fuel, and other supplies, in-
cluding medical stores and transportation, and afford
such aid, medical or otherwise, as lie may deem need-
ful for the immediate and temporary shelter and sup-
ply of destitute and suffering refugees andfreedmen,
their wives and children, under such rules and regu-
lations as ho may diect.
This provision seems designed not so much
to encourage these people to work and earn their
bread by the sweat of their brow as to depend
upon the bounty of the Government for their
support. This savors rather too strongly of
agrarianism. It establishes a dangerous prece-
dent, which maybe used hereafter when from the
teeming cities of the North may conic up a cry
for a pauper's bureau. Why not? Why should
it not be granted? Why should not indigent
white people likewise be boarded at the pub-
lic expense in great national alms-houses ? I
can see no reason for a distinction, except that
by the operation of the war these people were
suddenly taken from the care of those whose
interest as well as duty it had been to provide
for them. They were thus thrown helpless and
homeless, individually and in masses, upon
the hands of our military commanders as our
armies moved through their territory. Our gen-
erals had either to issue rations or see them
starve.^ They adopted, from humanity or from
necessity, the plan of issuing supplies.
That policy was sanctioned in the original act
of March _3, 1865, of which the pending bill is
an extension. By that act, this arrangement
was only to last during the war, and for one
year thereafter. It was a temporary, provis-
ional policy, forced upon the Government by
the necessity of events, but limited to expire
within a reasonable time after it was presumed
the necessity should have been obviated. But
I most seriously object to that feature of the
third section which clothes with such undefined
powers, and unlimited means the executive
officers named as almoners of national bounty.
Under that section as it stands, with its vague
and loose generalities, the whole mass of freed-
men and refugees might be billeted upon the
public Treasury. Sir, there are perhaps few of
those people to whom the specious terms "des-
titute ana suffering" might not in some of the
various senses and shades of meaning of which
the words are capable be held by zealous and
sympathetic agents to apply. It is true, that
the assistance contemplated is restricted to the
"immediate and temporary shelter and sup-
ply '' of the classes named. But vagrants and
idlers may come again and again to the officers
of the bureau, bringing with them their wives
and children, and each time receive immediate
and temporary supplies as for a new case of
destitution and suffering.
Again, sir, we hear it seriously proposed,
here and at the other wing of the Capitol, to
make of these people an element of political
power by extending to them the elective fran-
chise. Some propose to accomplish this result
by constitutional amendment. Others hold,
with revolutionary and sublime audacity, that
the powers of Congress are already ample, and
should be exercised in that behalf. Others
again, expect to accomplish the same result
indirectly, and by indefinitely protracting the
complete restoration of the eleven prodigal
States, coerce them at last to accept negro
suffrage as the final and indispensable condi-
tion of their purgation. Suppose, Mr. Speaker,
that unfortunately for the peace and happiness
of the country, and calamitously to the black
race itself, the result aimed at and already
accomplished in the District of Columbia so far
as this House is concerned, namely, the estab-
lishment of the monstrous burlesque and par-
ody of republicanism, presented in universal
and unqualified negro suffrage, should bo ac-
complished throughout the States designed for
the opcrationof this bill. Suppose these freed-
men and refugees to bo not only " destitute and
suffering,'' within the latitudinarian phraseol-
ogy of the third section, but voters and "sover-
eigns" as well. Is this House willing, is the
country willing, to intrust such an enormous
and unlimited fund to the untrammeled discre-
tion of any officers of the Government, to be
used bv partisans for partisan purposes? It is
not to "be presumed, you may say, that we will
ever have a Secretary of War, a Commissioner
or subordinates, capable of sueh monstrous
profligacy. Very well; then do not yourselves
corrupt thein by placing this enormous tempta-
tion in their way. ' 1 he possession of absolute
power wo are toid "makes weak men wicked,
and wicked men mad." Let. us take care, and
not make virtuous men weak to begin with, by
burdeningtheirinnocencewith such a plethora
and glut of free quarters, free rations, and free
passes, in the midst of a "destitute and suffer-
ing" population of voters.
But. Mr. Speaker, notwithstanding these ob-
jections, which I urge seriously and in good
faith, not as an enemy, but as a friend of the
freedmen, notas the toeot the Freedmen's Bu-
reau, but as its advocate and well-wisher, and
which I advance with a sincere hope that before
the final vote is taken the gentleman from Mas-
sachusetts who now honors me with his atten-
tion [Mr. Eliot] may so amend the bill which
he has reported as to obviate the most impor-
tant difficulties which have been illustrated
by the full discussion it has received; notwith-
standing this, I have to repeat that the cardinal
principle of the measure is one that I cordially
approve. I believe that the black race in the
Sputh are left by the war in a state of pupilage.
Sir, they are not in a condition to rcceive ithe
sovereign prerogatives of American citizenship,
and this bill practically recognizes that great
truth, and builds upon it as upon a solid foun-
dation. The very discrimination it makes be-
tween "destitute and suffering" negroes, and
destitute and suffering white paupers, proceeds
upon the distinction that, in the omitted case,
cjvil rights and immunities arc already suffi-
ciently protected by the possession of political
power, the absence of which in the case pro-
vided for necessitates governmental protection.
One word, with the permission of the gentle-
man from Massachusetts. [Mr. Eliot,] (in con-
travention somewhat of his point of order,) with
respect to the proposition to amend the consti-
tutional basis of representation, upon which my
vote, together with his own, was recorded in
the negative. During the single hour that that
measure was before this House for its consid-
eration I vainly sought the floor for a word of
explanation, but was, like very many other
gentlemen, summarily silenced by the operation
of the previous question, moved by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania who reported thoreso-
lution, [Mr. Stevexs.] Sueh headlong and
uncalled-for haste to change the fundamental
law of the Republic, in fact to substitute anew
corner-stone for the venerable one on which it
had reposed so long, was a proceeding in itself
that T could not conscientiously sanction by my
vote.
It matters little to me what coursc others
around me may think proper to take, I for one
shall never vote to amend the Constitution of
the United States without some opportunity to
see with my own eyes and deliberately weigh
with my own judgment the text itself, the ipnis-
■lima verba, of the proposed amendment. Sir,
that instrument is the organic law of a Repub-
lic which 1 firmly believe is destined to expand
until its citizens are numbered by hundreds of
millions and its territorial limits are coexten-
sive with the shores of the continent. I believe
that in the providence of God centuries hence
will find that immortal, blood-bought, blood-
saved, blood-consecrated charter still the same
grand monument of human wisdom and bulwark
of human liberty that came down to us from rev-
olutionary sires. And shall I \ otc to change that
instrument in a vital point, in a point that in-
volves the representation of the State whose
interests have been in part confided to my care,
with lessecremony and upon shorter notice than
is usually required to consummate an alteration
in the constitution of a social club or of a lit-
erary society? The proposed amendment, not
laid upon the desks of members, not even
printed, and only known to the body of the
House as their ears caught its words from the
Clerk's table! The proposition, as originally
reported from the joint committee of the Sen-
ate and House by the gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania [Mr. StkvensJ was in the following terms.
Joint resolution proposing to amend the Constitution
uf the United States.
Tlwilrrtl hv the Sen<ite and ffoutie o/ Rcprcicninlivcs
of the United Statr<, of AitiTica in CoiigresH■ asxrmhhtl,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) lhatthe fol-
lowing ailicle be proposed to the Legislatures/!! the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United States, which, when ratified by (hroo
fourths of said Legislatures, shall be valid as part of
said Constitution, namely:
Article —Kepiesentativcs and direct taxesshall
be apportioned among the sever il Mates winch may
be included within thisJJnion accoidmg to their re-
spective numheis, counting the whole number ol per-
sons m each State, excluding Indians not taxed:
J'rovkleiK That whenever the olectivefianchiseshall
be denied or abridged in any Slate on account ot race
or color fill persons of sucli rwee ov color su<uL bo
excluded from the basis of representation.
