1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1555
fall not unequally upon States, but equally upon the
whole society. If some States should lose wealth and
population and others increase; if new States should
join tho I;mon, or spring up within it and the wost-
eru wudorness .e thronged with people, the burden
will be equalized upon ail the citizens. Liberty and
independence were procured for the whole ; why,
then, should not all contribute to the price ?"
These Quotations might be indefinitely mul-
tiplied. I have selected a few from the speeches
of^ eminent men in Congress, a great majority
of whom supported the measure. The most
prominent of those who opposed it was Mi".
Ma dison, and lie grounded his chief objection
on the fact, that the assumption applied to the
debts as then existing in 1790, whereas, in his
judgment, it ought to take them as they stood
at. the close of the war'in 3 783, since which
time Virginia had made great efforts to liqui-
date a portion of her obligations. The result
of the discussion was a victory for those who
advocated assumption, and the following table
will show the amount liquidated for each State
by substituting United State bonds for local
certificates of indebtedness:
New Hampshire  ?300,000
Massachusetts  4,000,000
Rhode Island   200.000
Connecticut  1,600,000
New York  1,200,000
New Jersey   800.000
Pennsylvania  2,200,000
Delaware    200,000
Maryland  800,000
Virginia  3,,100,000
North Carolina  . 2.400,000
South Carolina,  4,000,000
Georgia  300,000
Total $21,500*000
An amount, vastly greater in proportion to
the wealth and population of the country at
that day than the sum proposed in the pend-
ing bill bears to the wealth and population of
the country now.
Beside these direct assumptions of State in-
debtedness, Congress instituted a commission
at the same time whoso duty it was to " receive
and examine all claims which shall be exhib-
ited to them before the 1st day of July, A. I).
1701, and to determine upon all such as shall
have accrued for the general or particular de-
fense during the war, according to the princi-
ples of gcueial equity, although such claims
may not be sanctioned by the resolves of Con-
gress nor supported by regular voucheis.'"
Such were the liberal terms applied by the
First Congress to the settlement and payment
of all the debts incurred by the 'States in the
war for independence.
The precedent thus established on such broad
and magnanimous ground has been followed
by our Government ever since in the liquida-
tion of the war claims of States. Tn the war
of 1812 claims of this kind were not large for
the reason that the troops employed, volunteer
as well as regular, were mainly raised by the
General Government, and the agency of the
States was not used to any great degree. But
to the extent that the Slates made advance1!,
every dollar was repaid on the most liberal
principles, the only limit or qualification being
that the money whose restitution was claimed
"had been actually expended for the use and
benefit of the United States during the late war
with Great Britain." And the principle was car-
ried further than simply refunding the amounts
advanced, for interest was also subsequently
allowed to every State except Massachusetts,
upon all debts incurred on behalf of the com-
mon cause. The payment of interest was a
much-discussed and long-delayed act, and its
accomplishment was finally due to the clear
and forcible presentation of the merits and
rightfulness of the policy, by President Mon-
roe, in a message to Congress during the ses-
sion of 1S21-^-j. In consequence of the argu-
ment and influence of the President, interest
was allowed to Virginia "on all sums on which
she had paid interest;" and subsequently, by
separate acts, each State that had made ad-
vances for war purposes was allowed interest
in full thereon, with the exception just noted,
and a bill to refund interest to Massachusetts
has been before Congress for several years past,
Reference mavbe lied to United State" Slat'ifiv
at-Large, volume four, pages 161,175,192, 2-11,
■WU. _ '
In the war with Mexico the principle of re-
imbursement to the States was again asserted
and enforced in the most emphatic manner.
A s early as March 3, 1847, before the war had.
continued a,single year, Congress, bv joint res-
olution, provided for refunding, as follows:
_ " Resolved til tJic^&'enpte^ and House of llcpresenta-
°rr\fle of Amcriea in Congees? uwem-
Ued, That the Secretary of War be, and he is hereby
authorized and required to cause to bo refunded to
the several State? or to individuals, for services ren-
dered aotiiur under the. authority of any State, the
amount of expenses incurred by them in organizing,
, subsisting, and transporting volunteers previous to
their being mustered and received into the sgi vice
of the United States for tiie present war."
The limitation containedinthephrase, act-
ing under the authority of any State,''" pre-
vented the allowance of niany claims which
were manifestly fair and equitable. Counties
and municipal corporations also presented
claims which did not seem to be included within
the terms of the resolution. To remedy these
defects Congress passed an act July 2", 1848,
the first section of which was in the'following
comprehensive terms, closely following in spirit
and letter the legislation of the First Congress
touching the revolutionary war debt of States:
"Be it enaeted, i'e.. That the provisionsof thejoiut
resolution approved March 3, 1817, entitled ' A i evo-
lution to refund money to the States that have sup-
plied volunteers, &c ,' he, and the same are hereby,
extended so as to embrace all eases ol expenses here-
tofore incurred in organizing. sub-ustina:, and trans-
porting volunteers previous to their being mustered
and received into the United States service for the
present wai, whether by States, counties, corpora-
tions. or individuals, either acting with or without
the authority of any State: Provided, however. That
proof shall be made to the satisfaction ot the Secre-
tary of War of the amount thus expended, and (hat
the same was neecssaf.v and proper for the troops
aforesaid."
The restriction in the concluding clause of
the section just quoted was subsequently re-
moved by Congress, and instead of any limita-
tion whatever it was ordered with an extrava-
gance of liberality that these State claims should-
be paid "as presented."
Let it be borne in mind that a large propor-
tion of the money thus refunded to Stales had
been paid for bounties to volunteers. Espe-
cially was this the case in the debt incurred in
the revolutionary war. During that severe
ordeal of patriotism and valor, bounties for
soldiers were paid in all the States, and to a
larger extent, all things considered, than were
paid even at the most extravagant period of the
late war. in the State of .Massachusetts, in the
year 1780—and my authority is Elbridge Gerry—
a bounty of $2S0 to §300 was paid in gold, and
the special war tax was so severe that a single
merchant in Boston paid thatJyenr $7,000 in
gold toward that fund. I submit that reckon-
ing the difference in the value of money, no such
bounties and no such taxes were paid anywhere
during the late war for the Union.
The precedents, then, for such legislation as
is contemplated in the pending bill, are ample
and uniform in our congressional history. The
principles on which this legislation is based are
so plain as to scarcely need any argument in
support of them, and yet, with your leave, 1 will
jiroceed to point out some reasons of peculiar j
force, as it seems to me, why the State debts
incurred in the war for the Union should be i
made a common charge on the national Tieas- j
ury. If such reimbursement was just and
equitable in former wars, it is so now in a far |
more enlarged and imperative sense. " i
I need not remind the House. Mr. Chairman, j
that during the past five years all the loyal <
States have Jjeen compelled to raise large sums ;
of money in aid and support of the war for the ]
Union. The statistics of expenditure have been !
gathered with all practicable exactness by the j
special committee which reported the pending j
bill, and the aggregate inthe loyal States roaches |
well-nigh five hundred million dollars. Xor j
was this vast sum of money expended fruit- j
lesslv. needlessly, or waste-fully. I do not state !
the case too strongly when I assert that without. ;
it the war would not and could not have sue- j
ceedcd Had not volunteering been stimulated h
and sustained by the State and local bounties
we should have been thrown back on the '' rough
and perilous edge" of the draft in its naked,
indiscriminate, and most repulsive form. At
several of tin? most critical junctures of the
war, when reverses had been experienced, when
popular ardor and hope were chilled, and when
the_ Administration felt weak ami timid, the
revival of patriotism and courage throughout
the land had its origin in the stimulus imparted
to fresh volunteering by the large 'inducement
of the local bounties. The most that can be
said in favor of the conscription law is that it
operated as an incentive to enlistments, being
held in terrorcm over the people, and inducing
thousands to volunteer for bounties in order to
avoid the possible alternative of being drafted
into the service without other pecuniary reward
than the monthly pay. Tt is not discreditable
to American patriotism that our people have
a deep prejudice against conscriptions, and it
was therefore wise, nay, it was absolutely neces-
sary, for the strength, harmony, and success
of the Union cause., that the loyal States, coun-
ties, cities, and towns should offer bounties
sufficient to fill the ranks of our Army without
a ruthless resort to the draft. The money thus
expended for bounties was, I repeat, wisely,
and in the main economically, expended; far
more carefully, indeed, than the average of
Federal disbursements during the war. Though
raised by local effort, every dollar of it was de-
signed for the good of the national cause; and
hence every dollar is fairly reimbursable from
the national Treasury.
And this great effort on the part of the loyal
States was not made for themselves only. Suc-
cess of the Union cause was really of no more
importance to them than to the revolted States,
to the States yet to grow up on our vast west-
ern domain, and, indeed, to all the genera-
tions (lint are to follow us as American citizens
and the inheritors of republican Government,''
and constitutional liberty. The contest was
not local, but general-; not for ourselves, but
for mankind; not merely for,to-day, but for
all time. The twenty-five loyal States derive
no more advantage from the victorious issue
of the war than do the eleven revolted States
which were thereby saved from anarchy and
destruction, or the forty new States that are
yet to be added to the Union, and which would
never ha\e had an opportunity to reach an
oiganized existence but for the successful strug-
gle which has assured to them the fostering care
and protecting aigis of the great Republic.
The contest, then, was one in whiclj all the
States, both now existing and hereafter to be
organized, were equally interested ; and what
justice, what semblance even of fair dealing is
there in leaving a heavy burden'of debt, on
Maine while Nevada has not paid a dollar in
the struggle: or in asking Michigan to pour
out her money and her credit like water, while
Colorado escapes without the cost of a penny?
Nevada and Colorado were as much interested
prospectively in the result of the contest as
Maine and Michigan, and the burden sho'uld
be proportionally and irnpai tially shared be-
tween them.
Some gentlemen, with a tender sympathy
which I fail to appreciate, argue that the south-
ern States have suii'ered so severely in their abor-
tive lebelhon that they ought not to be called
on i o bear anything more than their part of the
national debt already contiacted. What those
States expended in their wicked effort to de-
stroy this Union is not, in my judgment, to be
reckoned to their credit on the national ledger,
nor is the exhaustion to which they were re-
duced by their insane persistence in the war,
to he made the basis of an appeal to our sym-
pathy, much less, to our reason. They were
kept back from suicide and redeemed \\ itli a
great price, and it. is but fair and honest that
they should pay their full proportion of the
cost, even to the uttermost farthing. But as
a matter of fact let it be asserted that the
lately revolted States are not burdened or em-
barrassed with debt. Their obligations incurred
in supporting the rebellion have been or will
