1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2515
the assessor is the final judge of fraud to any
amount, so that a man may be fined $100,000
and his property sold without remedy. I know
a case in my county where, although there was
a conflict of testimony, and an assessment
made of $60,000, not on an animal but on a
monthly return, it could not be remedied.
In such cases the party who is assessed may
have his property sold according to law, and
he can do nothing until after it is sold, and all
that he can collect then is the amount of the
error.
Mr. THAYER. I move to amend this sec-
tion by adding at the end of line one hundred
and twenty-two the following:
When the assessoris required or compelled to travel
tn make examinations, as provided in this section,
he fhall be allowed mileage and his necessary and
proper traveling expenses; and the bills for the
attendance and mileage of witnesses shall be taxed
by the assessor and paid by the delinquent party, or
otherwise by the collector of the district on the eer-
tifica.'eof the assessor, at the rates usually allowed
in said district for witnesses in courts of justice.
Mr. UPSON. I would suggest to the gen-
tleman that in order to make his amendment
conform to the one read by the chairman of
the Committee of Ways and Means, he should
strike out -he word " bills" and insert" costs."
Mr. THAYER. My impression was that
it did conform. I will accept that modifi-
cation.
Mr. GARFIELD. Let me suggest a further
modification: that instead of the words toward
the close of the amendment, "at the rates usu-
ally allowed in said district to witnesses in
courts of justice," lie insert "at the rates al-
lowed to witnesses in the district court of the
United States." That will make it definite.
Mr. THAYER. I accept that modification
also.
Mr. Chairman, there are two proceedings
provided for by this section. One is a prelim-
inary examination where there has been no
return, or a suspected fraudulent leturn. In
that case the assessor is obliged to make a pre-
liminary examination, and he examines wit-
nesses and persons, in effect the same forms of
proceeding wliieh he pursues subsequently upon
a hearing upon an appeal taken. The effect of
this amendment is simply to add this provision
which the committee have already incorporated
in that part of the section which relates to the
hearing of appeals to the other part of the sec-
tion which relates to the preliminary examina-
tions. It is, of course, quite as necessary that
provision be made for thepayment of witnesses
in the one case as in the other; and I presume
the amendment will meet with the approval of
the Committee of Ways and Means.
The amendment was again read.
Mr. GARFIELD. I did not observe the first
part of that amendment, when it was read be-
fore, and I now desire to call the attention of the
committee to what it seems to me would be a
very great abuse that would grow up under it
if it became a law. If we give assessors the
right to go into other districts to assess delin-
quent or absent tax-payers, and allow them
mileage and their actual expenses, they may
make all sorts of trips. A man in Ohio may
make a trip into Illinois, or a man in Massachu-
setts might make a trip into Ohio, and thus
great expense mightbe incurred. I do not think
it would be safe to make such a provision as
this. It would open'the door to much fraud.
I hope the amendment will not he adopted in
its present form.
Mr. TIIAYER. I do not think the commit-
tee will find in this amendment the terrible
results apprehended by my friend from Ohio.
I would like to know under what law an as-
sessor can go into any district but his own to
make assessments. I will yield to the gentle-
man to explain what he means by that. _
Sir. ALLISON. By this very section an
assessor is authorized to go from one district
to another.
Mr. THAYER. I am willing to qualify my
amendment so as to confine it to his own dis-
trict. But we all know, who know anything
about the operation of tne law as it stands.
that cases constantly occur in which assessors
are required to go into remote parts of their
districts for the purpose of making these exam-
inations. There are cases in which it is im-
possible to make an examination at the place
where the office of the assessor is, because the
examination, in order to be worth anything,
must be made at the place where the business
of the party is carried on. That renders it
necessary for the assessor to go to the place
of business ; and oftentimes it is very distant
from his place of residence. Now, sir, is it
not proper, whore an assessor is required to
incur expense in traveling to a remote corncr
of his district to make an examination which
is for the benefit of the Government, that he
should receive at least his traveling expenses
for that service? ' I do not see any liability to
abuse in it, nor do 1 see any injustice to the
Government.
Mr. GARFIELD. The gentleman will ob-
serve, and I wish him to give me his attention,
that this whole section has relation solely to
authorizing the assessor to go out of his dis-
trict into another to find an absent delinquent
tax-payer. Now, the gentleman proposes an
amendment which will authorize the person
thusgoing out, the person who has been author-
ized by this section as it now stands to go out
of his district, to charge his actual expenses
and mileage for thus going. The gentleman,
if he will examine the section in connection
with the amendment lie has proposed, will find
that it. will accomplish precisely what I have
suggested.
1 will state in a few words what the object of
this section is. For instance, there are in the
city of New York a largo number of persons
who do business there but reside in Jersey City
or in some other neighboring district. Now,
it is necessary for the assessors to have some
means of reaching them. This section was
framed for the purpose of enabling them to go
into other districts than their own, and through
the assessors of those other districts summon
delinquent tax-payers and there hold examina-
tions of the cases. But we thought it not wise
to allow those assessors mileage and traveling
expenses for going into other districts, for the
reason that if we did it they might make long
journeys to distant districts and charge heavy
fees for them.
Now, if the gentleman's amendment is
adopted, I think it will bo found to open the
door very wide indeed. Wo provide in the
section already that the assessor in the district,
to which the oilier assessor goes to make the
summons, shall be the party to make the sum-
mons, for which he is to receive pay at the rate
stated in the section for traveling from his own
place of resilience to the place where the sum-
mons is to be served. But wc did not think it
right to allow the assessor who travels out of
his district mileage and traveling expenses.
If the amendment of the gentleman can be
offered to some section that relates to the as-
sessor's own district, it may bo appropriate;
but it seems to me it is not, appropriate here.
The CHAIRMAN. Debate is closed upon
the amendment.
Mr. THAYER. I move .pro forma to strike
out the last words of the amendment, for the
purpose of making an explanation. There
would be force in the remarks made by the
gentleman from Ohio, [Mr. Gaefield,] if I
could see that this section is to have the effect
which he states. But I do not .read it, in that
way ; I find this provision in it:
And if any person, on being notified or required as
aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to render such list
or return within the time required as aioresaid, or it
any person without notice, as aforesaid, shall not.de-
liver a monthly or other list or return at the tunc
required by law, or if any person shall deliver or dis-
close to any assessor or assistant assessor any list,
statement, or return which,in the opinion of the as-
sessor, is false or fraudulent, or contains any under-
statement or undervaluation, it shall be lawlul lor
the assessor to summon such person, his agent,, or
other person having possession, custody, or care ot
books of account containing entries relating to the
trade or business of such person, oi any other persons
he may deem proper, to appear before such assessor
and produce such book, at a time and place therein
named, and to give testimony or answer interrogato-
ries under oath or affirmation respecting any objects
liable to duty or tax as aforesaid, or the lists, state-
ments, or returns thereof, or any trade* business, or
profession liable to any tax as aforesaid. And the
assessor may summon, as aforesaid,'any person resid-
ing or found within the State in which his district is
situated. "
Mr. MORRILL. The amendment proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr.
Thayer] I think has some merit in it. But I
think it requires a little more careful consider-
ation than we are likely to give it to-night.
Therefore, I would suggest that it be passed
over for the present, if the committee will con-
sent that it may be considered at some other
time.
Mr. THAYER. I will consent to that, and
withdraw the pro forma amendment I sub-
mitted.
Mr. HOLMES. I move to amend that por-
tion of the section which gives authority to the
assessor to go out of his district to find the party
assessed by striking out in the sixty-first line
the words "may enter," and inserting in lieu
thereof the word "of;" and by striking out in
the sixty second lino the words "and there,"
and inserting "may;" so that the clause shall
read:
And when the person intended to be summoned
does not resido and cannot bo found within such
State, the assessor of any collection district where
such person may bo found may make the examina-
tion hereinbefore authorized.
That will obviate the objection made by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens]
in regard to there being no provision for mile-
age. If that is adopted it will render it neces-
sary to strike out the sentence immediately
following, to wit:
And to this end ho shall there have and may exer-
cise all the power and authority he has or may law-
fully exercise in the distiict for which he is commis-
sionod.
Mr. MORRILL. I will receive it as a sug-
gestion, but will not accept it now as an amend-
ment.
Mr. HOLMES. I am willing that the com-
mittee should consider it and report upon it.
Mr. STEVENS. I now offer an amendment
to remedy the evil which I spoke of before, to
come in at the end of the paragraph, line one
hundred and twenty-two. I do not see any
better place. If it should turn out that it is
supplied elsewhere, of course it may be stricken
out:
In lieu of the remedy now provided whereby fraud
is or shall be charged to exist in any annual, monthly,
01- other list, or in any annual, monthly, or other
returns, and the party charged1 with the said fraud
shall deny the same, demand a trial, and shall tender
sufficient bail for the amount of the alleged fraud,
deficiency, and costs of suit, proceedings shall be sus-
pended and suit be brought in the court of the United
States for said district to recover the amount of the
alleged deficiency or fraud, and the same shall be
prosecuted to judgment as in other cases: Provided,
That this section dial! not bo construed to take away
the right to proceed by indictment as now provided
by law.
Mr. ALLISON. I move to amend the amend-
ment by inserting after the word "deficiency"
the words "and also for the penalty."
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to.
Mr. JENCKES. I ask thegentleman whether
it is consistent with the language of the section
as it stands. As I understand it it provides for
a suspension of proceedings and a commence-
ment of a suit afterward.
Mr. STEVENS, it provides for proceed-
ings by the assessor and then refers him to the
court.
Mr. ALLISON. I would ask the gentleman
from Pennsylvania how he proposes to have
this security or bail deeided upon, whether by
the collector or by the court.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose to the satisfac-
tion of the assessor.
Mr. ALLISON. Then it should be inserted.
Mr. STEVENS. 1 will modify it by adding
the words "to the satisfaction of the assessor.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. I suggest to the
gentleman from Pennsylvania to pass this over
and let the committee consider it. 1 under-
stand some of the committee are 01 opinion
that it is already provided for m the bill.
