1556
T0E. aQN£BESSIQMAL QhQW-
March 21,
be repudiated, so that however much certain
• speculative traitors' may lose, the political
communities are free from debt-and will enjoy
light local taxation. ^ 'They are not therefore
in a position to decline their fair share of the
national burden, and as the tax to support
that burden is raised wholly by impost and
excise,.it cannot fall h'eavily on any commu-
nity until the revival of business and the devel-
opment of trade shall' provide the means of
meeting and sustaining it.
And in. this connection let me remark, Mr.
Chairman, that it is not only for the interest-
of the loyal States to adopt this measure, but it
is preeminently for their interest to adopt it
now. The subject is a dangerous one.to leave
open, and unless definitely and finally closed
at this time it may reappear in a future Con-
gress in a form most embarrassing and detri-
mental to the national Treasury and the na-
tional credit. Whenever the Representatives'
are readmitted on this floor from the southern
States you will find a series of propositions
introduced for the relief of their constituents
from losses entailed by the war. These schemes
wiil embrace compensation for slaves emanci-
pated for the benefit -pf the Union; restitution
for property seized for the use of the Federal
Ax my; paymentfor lossesinflictedby the march
of our troops, and the nameless and number-
less other claims which the extraordinary events
of the past five years wiil so readily suggest.
Let us beware how we leave open a class of
meritorious claims from the loyal States \yith
which the southern jobs may be combined and
coalesced into a gigantic onslaught upon the
Federal Treasury. Pass the present measure
and you at once remove the opportunity and
the temptation for such a dangerous coalition.
Pledge the one hundred and eighteen millions
embraced in this bill, and you will thereby
escape the danger of paying twelve hundred
millions in the future. The whole matter is
subject to our control to-day. It may not
always remain so.
For many years to come, Mr. Chairman, the
loyal States will in any event inevitably bear
the principal burden in sustaining the national
credit. In addition to this, unless the pending
measure prevails, they will each be called upon
to bear alarge local debt whose interest is pro-
vided by direct, merciless, and I had almost said
ruinous taxation. Throughout the States rep-
resented on this floor to-day the direct tax on
property, real and personal, will annually aver-
age more than two per sent, of its value, while
in many communities it reaches the staggering
rate of^tliree to three and a half and even four
per cent. Such taxation may be endured, and
hasbeen patiently and patriotically endured
during our great struggle for national existence,
it is more than^ can be borne without grievous
affliction. Let it be remembered that the local
tax of which I am speaking comes in the most
oppressive form. It is not disguised by any
excise system, nor lightened by any indirection.
It is so many dollars nut of the earnings of the
farmer, the gains of the merchant, the wages
of the mechanic, and the savings of the hum-
blest. It embarrasses every enterprise, is felt
as a hardship at evcrj fireside, find shrouds the
business and commercial future with doubt and
despondency. The communities that are thus
suffering have never thought and will never
think of resorting to repudiation as a remedy,
but their high sense of honor on this point and
their determination to meet all their obligations
should not be taken, as I am sorry to say it is by
some, as an argument/or leaving them to strug-
gle unaided against their onerous and crushing
burdens..
But the financial question involved in this
measure is not of pressing interest merely to the
States that are so sorely burdened with debt
and taxation. I maintain that it is of equal
importance to the General Government that
these debts be assumed, and my fear is that if
this policy should be rejected serious embar-
rassment may result, to the Treasury of the Uni-
ted States. When Mr. Hamilton originally
recommended the policy of assumption with
regard to the revolutionary debt, he did not
view it simply from the stand-poiilt of justice
to the States, but quite as much from motives
of sound policy touching the interests of the
Federal Treasury. To quote his own language,
he declared that "the assumption* of the State
debts was no less a measure of sound policy
than of substantial justice, and that it would
contribute in an eminent degree to an orderly,
stable, and satisfactory arrangement of the
national finances." The communities that are
oppressed with these local debts are the same
that pay almost the entire national revenue col-
lected under the excise law, and the latter is
felt as an infinitely greater burden • because of
its coming in addition to the heavy direct tax
levied by the local-autliorities. Could this local
tax be relieved to the extent which this bill
would relieve it, the Federal tax could be paid
with great ease even i f largely increased beyond
its present rate. 'So illustrate my position
by the pertinent figures, let mc say that the
pending bill if adopted would add some one
hundred and eighteen millions to the national
debt, or, in other words, it would increase it
a trifle more than four per cent., and would
call for a corresponding increase in* the amount
raised to pay interest. But the immense re-
lief that would be experienced throughout the
loyal States by the removal of these enormous
direct taxes would enable them to pay the in-
creased excise with comparative ease. And
in this way the General Government would
have the field to itself, and could regulate its
system of taxation with far greater efficiency
and^far greater equity. Competing and con-
flicting systems of taxation can but produce mu-
tual injury, and if the power can be lodged
wholly or mainly in one, a larger amount of
money can be raised with less burden to the
people than where each is compelled to make
the utmost exaction to meet the demands
, upon it.
If there be any correctness in the view just
suggested, the a'ssumption of the State debts
would make a nominal rather than a real ad-
dition to the national debt. The States and
communities which owe these debts are pre-
cisely the same States and communities upon
which must rest the maintenance of the na-
tional credit during the entire period that it
may be said to be on trial before the world.
While this oppressive burden of' local indebted-
ness is upon them, it impairs their resources
and their ability to carry the national debt by
even a larger amount. And if the national
debt is increased by refunding to the States, the
local burdens are, to say the least, correlatively
and proportionally reduced. This fact is so
palpable and undeniable that it is only a waste
of time to repeat it. Bankers and money-lend-
ers would everywhere recognize it; and the
tendency of such a policy would be to strengthen
the national credit throughout the world. The
change of securities does not change the amount
to be raised by taxation, it only simplifies the
mode of obtaining it. And this phase of the
case presents another striking parallel to the
first assumption as proposed and accomplished
by Mr. Hamilton. In discussing the identical
point to which I have just referred, that great
master of finance dismissed it summarily with
the following brief and conclusive comment:
"Admitting that a provision must be made in some
way or other for the entire debt, it will certainly fol-
low that no greater revenues will berequired, whether
that provision be made wholly by the United States
or partly by them and partly by the States sepa-
rately."
Another point, Mr. Chairman, in this con-
nection, for the special attention of those gen-
tlemen who fear that the adoption of the pend-
ing measure would injure the national crcdit.
Nothing is so injurious to credit as uncertainty.
It is the apprehension to-day of what our debt
may be rather than the knowledge of what it
is that prevents our bonds selling at a premium
in gold, both at home and abroad. One source I
of uncertainty is found in this very question of
the war debts of the States. Will they Was- I
sumed, or will they not, and if assumed, to
what amount? are questions asked 'atall finan-
cial centers with anxious concern. So long as
nothing is done the worst is feared, and the
anticipated amount of assumption will expand
with the agitation of the question. It is nat-
ural to exaggerate the unknown. Omne igno-
tum pro magnifico. We can put an «nd to in-
jurious surmises as to what may be done, by
adopting at once the very moderate and welf-
guarded proposition now under discussion.
Refusing to pass this bill will not quiet agita-
tion nor remove alarm. Agitation will ge on
and injury to our national credit will be the
inevitable result.
Should the policy of assuming these debts be
rejected, an act of injustice would be done en-
tirely without precedent thus far in the deal-
ings between the General Government and tbe
States.- The strange spectacle would be pre-
sented of less than one third of the prospective
number of States bearingin its most oppressive
form an enormous debt, every dollar of which
was -contracted as much for the benefit of tBe
other two thirds of the Union as for themselves. -
The prejudicial effect which this would have on
the States subjected to the burden need not be
described. It would in a great degree cripple
fheir energies and retard their growth; and the
climax of its baleful influence would be made
odiously and cruelly manifest in the emigra-
tion from the old to the new States, and from
the North to the South, for the purpose of es-
caping the very tax which was incurred that
th£ new States might be born and that the South
might be saved from suicide. I could not, by
any reasoning, enhance the force of such a fact
as this, nor strengthen the plea which it makes
for the equalization of the entire debt created
by the war.
If further argument were needed to show the
justice of reimbursing the States for their ad-
vances in support of the war, it would he found
in the fact that Congress, in devising a system
of taxation for the Union, has deprived the
States of all the means of raising money except
through the instrumentality of a direct levy on
real andpersonalproperty. Many of the States
had previously enjoyed the advantage of cer-
tain forms of excise, tolls, and other indirect
taxes, which enabled them to lighten, if not
entirely remove, the burden of local govern-
ment. In Massachusetts, I believe, the tax
derived from-the State banks for a long scries
of years almost supported the State govern-
ment ; and other States had similar sources of
revenue, if not proportionally so large; but
the General Government, through its constitu-
tional right to levy impost and excise, has
absorbed all the easy and ready available chan-
nels of taxation, throwing back the States, as
I have said, to the severest form of raising
revenue. It is an inevitable hardship that, for
necessary local purposes,'the States must pro-
cure revenue by direct tax, but it is a hardship
rendered almost unendurable by its injustice
when the States have in this way to raise a
large sum to pay the interest and principal of
a debt contracted for the good of the whole
Ujiion. The power to meet the burden hav-
ing been taken.from the States, common equity
demands that the burden should be taken away
also.
And the burden to which I have just referred,
Mr. Chairman, falls with increased severity on
the farmers and other holders of real estate,
from the fact that so vast a proportion of the
personal property in many communities has
sought investment in Government securities,
which are specially exempt frfim State and mu-
nicipal taxation. I should certainly be among
the last to countenance a breach of thenatioual
faith in the slightest degree. We must stand
by the terms "nominated in the bond," no
matte? how onerous and oppressive they maybe.
No hardship can arise to any of us from ob-
serving good faith on the part of the Govern-
ment at all comparable with the hardship thai*
would ensue to all of us by violating that faith
even by the remotest hint. But while we all
agree, I trust, on this point-, I submit that as the
