2516
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 9,
Mr. STEVEN'S. I will let it pass with the
understanding that I may renew it.
Mr. JENCKES. I move to amend the sec-
tion by striking out lines eighty-three, eighty-
four, eighty-five, and eighty-six, as follows:
Or a commissioner of the circuit court of the Uni-
ted States, for the district within which the person
so summoned resides, who is hereby authorized and
empowered to perforin the duties herein required,
for an attachment against such person as for a con-
tempt.
Also to strike out the word " commissioner''
wherever it occurs afterward. I do not think a
commissioner appointed by the Supreme Court
of the United States should have power to issue
an attachment for contempt in any ease. That
is a matter that belongs exclusively to the court,
and should never he delegated to any other than
Mr. MORRILL. I shall not strenuously
contend for this provision. It is in the pres-
ent law. No change is made. It is a matter
of very considerable convenience, because all
the district courts are overloaded with busi-
ness, and it is necessary that we should have
some tribunals to dispose of these eases
promptly.
Mr. ■) CivES. That is all very true.
Mr.. MORRILL. Let me add that these
commissioners are quite as well qualified to
discharge such duties as many of the judges
themselves. " °
Mr. JEJfCKES. That may be, but I do not
believe in delegating such powers as these to
any others than the judges known to the Con-
stitution and laws of the United States. I
move, therefore, that the provision be stricken
out.
Mr. THAYER. There seems to me to be
one objection to the suggestion of the gentle-
man from Rhode Island, which ought, to have
some force in the determination of the ques-
tion on his amendment, and that is, that if the
court is substituted for the commissioner, it
will necessarily increase the expenses of the
working of the law, and aho the trouble of it;
because the commissioners are* scattered over
the different districts of the United States, and
they can be applied to with much greater facility
and at much less expense for this process than
the judges of the United States courts.
Mr. JEXCIvES. That is true, but the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania will agree with me
in the statement of what is an attachment for
contempt. It is punishment without trial and
without hearing, except upon affidavits, and at
the pleasure of the judge or officer ordering it.
Mr. MORRILL. I hope the amendment will
not be adopted. It would very much impair
the efficiency of the law.
The question was put on Mr. Jexckes's
motion, and there were—ayes 29, -noes 38:
no quorum voting.
Mr. MORRILL demanded tellers.
Tellers were ordered; and Messrs. Morrill
and Jexckes were appointed.
The committee divided; and the tellers
reported—ayes 44, noes 51.
So the amendment was not agreed to.
The Clerk read the next paragraph, as fol-
lows :
That section nineteen be amended by striking out
ail alter' the^enacting clause, and inserting in lien
thereof the following: that the assessors for each
11 <*lstrict shall, by advertisement in some
published in each county within
an5nuei> tll(?e b-e'if not-then in some
ef10? district adjoining thereto.
Public niwM PO teu up in at lca,t iour
tfie bvnotcessment district, adver-
cenicd of the t£„tc;,?d?y5'nonce, all personscon-
di'triet when inatfi pIaeo JTlthln said collection
e£2S be received and
vffiS wS&Ug oryen™^'-'S °r,
sessor or assistanSssVmu^f^11. by th,°, -ar
And it, shall be the duty ofthe rSL?i^ f nnuf hs,t"
lection district, at the time ?ach
appeal, as aforesaid, to submit the
assessors and assistant assessors, and the amua°ibe-
taken and returned as aforesaid, to theln^Mtlor, of
any and all persons who mayapply for tW
And the said .assessor for each collection c&tnct is
iiereby autnoraed at any time to hear and dctermLe
W a summary way, according to law and rtrhT If,
any and all appeals which may he exhibited aS3
♦ho proceedings of the said assessors or as^sHnt
sessors, and the office or principal placed
of the said assessor shall be always open when he is
not necessarily absent therefrom during the business
hours of each da.y, for the hearing of appeals by par-
ties who shall appear voluntarily before him: Pro-
vided, That no appeal shall be allowed to any party
after he shall havo been duly assessed, and the annual
list containing the assessment has been transmitted
to the collector of the district. And all appeals to
the assessor, as aforesaid, shall be made in writing,
andshall specify theparticularcause, matter, orthing
respecting which a decision is requested, and shall,
moreover, state the ground or principle of error com-
plained of. And the assessor shall have power to
reexamine and determine upon the assessments and
valuations and rectify the same as shall appear just
and equitable: but such valuation, assessment, or
enumeration shall not be increased without a pre-
vious notice of at least five days to the party interested
to appear and object to the same if he judge proper,
which notice shall bo given by a note in writing to be
left at the dwelling-house, office, or place of business
of the party by such assessor, assistant assessor, or
other person, or sent by mail to. the nearest or usual
post office address of said party: Provided, further,
That on the hearing of appeals it shall be lawful for
the assessor to require by summons the attendance
ot witnesses and the production of books of account
in the same manner and under the same penalties as
are provided in cases of refusal or neglect to furnish
lists or returns. The bills for the attendance and
mileage of said witnesses shall be taxed by the as-
sessor and paid by the delinojuentparties, or otherwise
by the collector of the district, on certificate of the
assessor, at the rates usually allowed m said district
for witnesses in courts of justice.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend that par-
agraph in line one hundred and forty-one by
striking out after the word <;and" the words
"the said," and inserting in lieu thereof the
word "such."'
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line one hundred and
forty-two, after the word " assessor," I move
to strike out the words "for each collection
district."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line one hundred and
forty-seven I move to strike out the word
"always" where it occurs before the word
"open," and also to strike out all after the
word "open," to and including the word
"therefromso that it will read:
And the office or principal place of business of the
said assessor shall be open during the business hours
of each day, Arc.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. On page 16. line one hun-
dred and sixty-four, I move to strike out the
words "'given by a note."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. In line one hundred and
sixty-five, after the word "writing," I move
to strike out the words "to be," and to insert
"and" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL, In line one hundred and
seventy-three I move to strike out the word
" bills," and insert " costs" in lieu thereof.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to further amend
the last sentence of this paragraph by striking
out, the word "otherwise;" also by striking
outthe words "collector of," and inserting the
words "disbursing agent for;" also by striking
out the word " usually;" also by striking out
the words "in said district for," and inserting
the word "to" before the word " witnesses;"
and also by striking out the words " courts of
justice." and inserting the words "district
courts of the United States." The sentence
will then read:
The costs for the attendance and mileage of said
witnesses shall be taxed by the assessor and paid by
the delinquent paities, or by the disbursing agent for
the district, on certificate of the n*ses--or, at the rates
allowed to witnesses in district courts of' the United
States.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. FARXSWORTH. I move to amend the
first sentence of this paragraph by inserting
after the words '' four public places'' the words
"andof each post office;" so that it will then
read: i|
That the assessors for each collection district shall, j
by advertisement in some public newspaper pub- ;i
lished in each county within said district,if any.--uch !|
there be, if not, then in some newspaper in a eullec- (j
turn district adjoining thereto, and by notifications j|
to be ported up m at least four public places, and at j
Gaoa postomoe within each oaecdsmentdistriet, adver- fl
tise, by not less than ten days' notice, all persons
concerned of the time and place within said collec-
tion distrietwhen andwhere appeals will be received
and determined relative to any enoneousor exces-
sive valuations, assessments, or enumerations by tho
assessor or assistant assessor returned in tho annual
list.
It is very important that the tax-payers shall
have a fair opportunity of obtaining notice
when they are assessed. This bill, as well as
the old law, only provides that the assessor
shall publish a notice in one paper in each
county in his district, or, if there are no pa-
pers, published there, then in one paper in the-
adjoining district, and to post up notices in
four public places. The law makes no pro-
vision for paying the cost of these advertise-
ments; and it is so, too, with regard to the
collector. He must himself pay the cost of
advertising. The consequence is that there is
no inducement for him to take any extraordi-
nary pains to.give notice to the public, but,
rather, some little inducement for him to with-
hold the notice, because by so doing he makes
the cost for himself.
Now, it will not be requiring of the assessor
much of a job if we require him to have a
notice posted up at each post office in his dis-
trict. It will be very easy for him to mail a
notice to each postmaster with the request that
he will post it up in the office. And the post
office where all the people go for their letters
and papers is of all places the one where they
will bo most apt to see the notice if it is posted
"P-
Mr. KELLEY. I have no objection to the •
amendment of the gentleman from Illinois
[Mr. Farxswoktii] as far as it goes. Rut I
would suggest to him that however adequate it
might be for the rural districts it would bevery
inadequate for large cities. *
Mr. FARNSWORTH. I propose this in
addition to the notice required by the para-
graph as it now stands.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to say to the gen-
tleman from Illinois, [Mr. Farxrworth,] and
to the committee, that the provision he pro-
poses would impose a very onerous duty upon
these officers. In some towns there ar£ no
less than five or six post offices, and a notice
posted up at each of them would not become
so generally known as an advertisement in a
single newspaper. People who go to the post
office do not go there for the purpose of look-
ing at the walls to see what is posted on them.
And in some districts it would impose upon
these officers the duty of posting up not less
than from one hundred and fifty to two hun-
dred of these notices, without any adequate
benefit resulting therefrom.
Mr. STEVENS. I would suggest to the
gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Morrill] that
he alter it so as to require the notice to be
posted up at each grog-shop and tavern.
Mr. MORRILL. 1 beg to inform the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevexs] that
in Vermont we have reformed all that since he
left the State. [Laughter.]
Mr. FARNSWORTH. In my district we
have more post offices than we have taverns;
the people receive more letters than they take
glasses of grog. It may be different in Penn-
sylvania.
The gentleman from Vermont [Mr. Mor-
rill] says that the posting up these notices at
the post offices will not be likely to bring the
notice so much to the attention of the people
as the advertising it in one single newspaper.
In that I think he is mistaken.
In a great many districts in the West a large
portion of tho population is composed of Ger-
mans who read only a German paper, hi
many districts there are Democratic papers
and Republican papers. If the notice is pub-
lished in a single Republican paper, the Dem-
ocrats of the district, who do not take that
paper, fail to see the notice ; and vice versa.
Then again there are in some counties local
weekly papers which are taken by the people
in the vicinity of the place where they are
published ; but those people do not take the
paper published in a remote portion of the
