76
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Freedrnen's Bureau—Mr. Chanler.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
This resolution, it was originally intended,
should be passed through the House upon the
day of its introduction before the '' going down
of the sun," inthewords of the gentleman who
reported it,_ [Mr. Stevens.] The House re-
volted at this precipitancy, and the discussion
which ensued and the numerous substitutes
which were presented by members friendly to
a readjustment of the constitutional basis of
representation, sufficiently proved the necessity
for deliberation. After a week's debate the
joint resolution was ordered to be recommitted,
and on the next day it was again reported by
the gentleman %ora Pennsylvania, [Mr. Ste-
vens,] with the remark that "the committee
had merely 'omitted the words 'direct taxes,'
leaving this for future amendment, as they did
not wish to embarrass the subject." Merely
omitted " direct taxes!" Why, that was just
one half the subject-matter covered by the prop-
osition, and made the resolution reported sub-
stantially and to all intents and purposes an
entirely new measure.
i have made this statement, Mr. Speaker, in
justice to myself and to those who sent me here
and Jo place myself right upon the record.
Since the war has changed the status of four
million slaves, designated in the Constitution
as "other persons," and credited with a frac-
tional representation because of their status,
the equilibrium of political power thus essen-
tially disturbed, unquestionably, in niv judg-
ment, demands a revision and readjustment of
the constitutional basis of representation. That
readjustment i would have made as proposed
by the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
Broomall,] whose amendment, if it had been
submitted to a vote would, with a slight modi-
fication, have received mine. The proposition
I refer to would have been as follows:
Provided, That whenever the elective franchise
shall be denied by the constitution or laws of any
btate to any proportion of its male citizens over the
age of twenty-one years on account of race, the same
proportion of its population shall be excluded from
its basis of representation.
But after all, Mr. Speaker, I am free to con-
fess that I have not such faith in these consti-
tutional amendments as the great specific for
the national malady as many gentlemen enter-
tain, for whose ability and patriotism I have
the profoundest respect. The great constitu-
tional amendment has been made—formulated
by Congress, ratified by the States, but really
made by^the pen of Lincoln and the sword of
Grant. The great constitutional convention has
been held ; its debates were awful; they were
stormy andbloody j the speeches were deafening
as thunder peals, and the votes were winged
with death. Everyman had a right to represent
himself in that august primary convention of
the people. Its results are as decisive as its
proceedings were sublime. The great fact of
the Government^ the right of the majority to
rule, the extinguishment of secession and sla-
very, these are the irreversible guarantees we
have obtained, and these wc shall retain forever.
Frecdmcn's Bureau.
SPEECH OF HON. J. W. CHANLER,
OF NEW YORK,
Ix the House of Representatives,
Febn.u,ry 3, 1866.
/oTfe-° lS"se h vin« "ndcr consideration the bill
lb. JNo. blj) to enlarge the powers of the Freedrnen'
Bureau—
Mr. CHANLER said:
_ Mr. Speaker : a few dayr ago, in a discus-
sion on the joint resolution relative to negro
suffrage in the District of Columbia. I asserted
that the black race were as dependent on the
white race to-day as when first brought here
from Africa. This bill is confirmation strong
as Holy Writ of that assfjJBtion. Gentlemen on
the other side of the question professed great
astonishment at my assertion at that time.
This bill shows them to be early converts to
my opinion. Nothing could prove the utter de-
pendence of the negro race, as individuals and
as a people, more conclusively than this meas-
ure and the history of the Freedmen's Bureau.
As far as this bureau may be charitable, just,
and constitutional, I am willing it should do its
work, but not one jot further. The ameliora-
tion of the condition of the negro race is as
much my duty and as near my heart as it can
be to any advocate of such a measure as this.
I will not claim the pharisaical superiority and
holiness assumed by the gentleman from Min-
nesota^ [Mr. Donnelly,] nor preach to the
House in the clerical style and language of the
gentleman from Massachusetts, [Mr. Eliot.]
WHAT IS ESSENTIAL TO SALVATION, AND WHAT IS THE
BASIS OP FANATICAL CHRISTIANITY.
Mr. Donnelly, in the House of Representa-
tives, February 1, 1866, said :
"It is a subject of congratulation that we have
passed beyond those old ana bitter days when revenge
and intolerance were the guiding principles of Gov-
ernments. As victors in the mighty struggle which has
but lately terminated, and as thesuperiorsof the South
m enlightenment and Christianity, we can afford to be
magnanimous to the greatest degree compatible with
public safety, That alone should be the limit of our
generosity, and beyond that we should not go a hair's
breadth." ********
"Sir, X am ready to trust the South when we have
reformed the South, and not till then. The South that
made the rebellion, in the same temper in which she
made it I ne.ver will trust." * * * * "Who
can fail to sec i n this vast disproportion the cause of th e
rebellion? In the language of Henry Ward Beecher,
As upon the coast you can trace the line between the
dark and treacherous sea on the one hand, and the
firm and trusty land on the other, by the'row of light-
houses, so you can mark between the deep and dam-
nable wickedness of treason and the supernal luaterof
patnotism by tho lino of school-houses.'"
Mr. Eliot, of Massachusetts, in the House
of Representatives, January 30, I860, said:
"Say not, my friends, this must not be, for truly it
must be! Resist it not! Fight not against it, lest
you, too, hear the voice as of old, 'Saul! Saul! why
perseeutest thou me ? It is hard for theo to kick against
tho pricks. '
I would say to these gentlemen in all court-
csy that these comparisons and allusions to the
Christian condition of the North and South are
rebuked by the great Master of the Christian
faith. The Pharisee stood afar oft'and prayed
in a loud voice and thanked God that he was
not as other men. He salted his prayer to Cod
with much praise of himself and with zealous
condemnation of others. The allusion to Saul,
who persecuted Christ, comes with singular in-
appropriateness from a reputed member of a
sect which denies the divinity of Christ in the
Trinity. And when gentlemen avail themselves
of scraps ofold sermons to enforce political and
partisan purposes, they are open to the charge
of that blasphemy they so often lay to the doors
of others. How much more appropriate would
it have been had the honorable gentleman
quoted Peter, who thrice denied his Lord, to
curry favor with the mob and the servants in
the ante-chamber of the high priest.
Sir, there are many good men in this country
who justly look with doubt and suspicion upon
the loud-mouthed quotations of Scripture by
those who have abandoned the pulpit for the
stump, and from being priests of the living God,
become demagogues of a fanatical party, who
make the spelling-book the worship of man, the
persecution of the ignorant and oppressed, ne-
gro suffrage and degradation of the white race,
essential unto salvation. The school-house they
hold to be holier than the sanctuary of God ;
the Boston primer better than the Bible.
MISREPRESENTATION.
Mr. Julian, of Indiana, in the House of
Representatives, January 2'J, 1800, said:
<{ " The rebels of the South" * * ** *
hate the negro now not simply as the ally of the
Yankee 111 foiling their treason, but as the author of
all their misfortunes, who, having been villainously
U"susod by them, is of course villainously despised
lhey hate him with a rancor that feeds unceasingly
upon every memory of their humiliation and detect
lheyco.ifronthimwitha hatred so remorseless with-
ering consuming, that it crops out to-day in ' every
quarter of the South in deeds of outrace violence
and crime, which find no parallel even in the atroci-
ties practiced m that section under the old codes of
slavery, which were codes of murder and all minor
pritriM " V1
Mr. Scmner, at "Worcester, Massachusetts,
September 14, 1865, said;
"Such is their spirit. Grounding their arms, they
now resort to other means. Cunning takes the place
of war. As thoy procipitated themselves out. of the
Union, they now seek to precipitate themselves back.
A wooden horse' is constructed, which is stuffed
with hidden foes, and thus they seek to enter our
Troy. Already tho rattle of arms is heard, and omi-
nous voices, as the trea cherous engine is advanced • but
beyond these sounds, there is the record of the past and
the present. Who doesnotknow thatthc South is full
of spiritswho have sworn undying hatred notonly to
the Union but to reason itself, and whose policy is a
perpetual conspiracy against the principles of our
Government? Painful proofs comc to demonstrate the
prevailing frenzy. The freedrnen are trodden down
and the land is filled with tragedies. History stands
aghast at the massacre of (jlencoem a retired Scotch
valley, and our sympathies'overflow at themurderof
a solitary traveler by the merciless Indians; but these
scenes are now repeated. The barbarism of slavery
rages still. The lash and the bloodhound areat large.
Life is of little value if it beats under a colored skin.
Citizens in the national uniform are insulted, muti-
lated, murdered—especially if they are in command of
colored troops. And these criminals, besmeared with
patriot blood, and boiling with concentrated rage,
n9^ s^'^v.e envelope themselves in tho immunities
of btate independence, with two special objects in
view: first, that they may deal with the freedrnen as
they please, without any check from the national
authority; and, secondly, that they may send a solid
representation of more than eighty votes, pledged to
southern pretensions* which, in combination with
treacherous votes frpm the North, may reassert that
ancient monopoly and masterdom under which the
country suffered so long,
-n , , , "'And once more
Erect the standard there of ancient night/
"Reading the proceedings of the convention in Mis-
sissippi, we seem again to hear tho voice of Satan:
" 'To claim our just inheritance ofold
Whether by open war or covert guile,
>Ve now debate.'"
Mr. Dosxelly, in the House of Represent-
atives, February 1, 1866, said:
" JsTow, what is the condition of the South in refer-
enco to all this?
I assert that it is such as would bring disgrace
upon any despotism in Christendom.
The great bulk of the people are rude, illiterate,
semi-civilized; hencc the rebellion; hence all the
atrocious barbarities that accompanied if.
"The number of ignorant is indicated by the pro-
portion unable to read and write; indicated, I say,
but not fully shown, because, of the practically igno-
rant, of those who read neither books or newspapers,
and are thus cut off from acquiring information
through its ordinary channels, the piopoition who
have never learned their letter* or to write thcirnames
may be small indeed.
" J repeal, the condition of the South in this respect
would be shameful to any semi-civilized people, and
is such as to j ender a republican government, resting
on the intelligent judgment of tho people, an impos-
sibility.
I appeal to the revelations of tho census.
" My statistics do not include the former slaves, but
the white people of the South and the lew freed ne-
groes found among them in 1860.
" In the first piacc I would quote the following very
complete tabic, furnished me by the Census Bureau,
and giving the total ics-ults upon this subject for the
whole United States: [See table at the foot of oppo-
site page.]
" It appears from this table thatthc adult male white
'and free negro population of the United State.\ in
1860, o^ u twenty years of age, who could not read and
write, was butlittleshort of half a million. In other
words, that in the last presidential election, if the en-
tire population of the United States had voted, half
a million votes would have been cast by men who could
not read and write.
Wnen wc rccollcct that upon our presidential
elections depend the groat interests and tho life of tho
country,and remotely the cause of all mankind.wcmay
wellsiand appalled before this vast Jorcc of half amil-
lion ignorant men deciding the destinies of the world.
But if we look exclusively at the southern States
Wm mi / , ffr.ca^er cause for surprise and alarm.
ihe(following table &hows tho number of illiterate
male whites in seven southern States; also the total
vote of those States in 1860, and the vote given in each
btate in the same year for Breckinridge:
States.
Delaware 
Virginia  
North Carolina
Tennessee 
Alabama 
Arkansas 
Kentucky 
o £ x
2,838
CI,378
20,024
27/358
14,517
9.379
28,742
  140,026 715-651 325,614
16,039
167, 223
96,230
145.333
90,357
54,053
146,216
C3rH
7,337
74,323
48,530
61,709
48,831
28,732
53,113
