492
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 29,
take the oath we may prescribe, and holding all
others as disqualified; the Senate acting, at its
discretion, in the same way in regard to repre-
sentatives of States.
I think, in the third place, we should provide
by law for giving to the freodmen of the South
all the rights of citizens in courts of law and
elsewhere.
In the fourth place, I would exclude from
Federal office the leading actors in the con-
spiracy which led to the rebellion in every State.
In the fifth place, I would make such amend-
ments to the Constitution as may seem wise to
Congress and the States, acting freely and with-
out coercion.
And sixth, I would take such measures and
precautions by the disposition of military forces,
as will preserve order and prevent the overthrow,
by usurpation or otherwise, in any State, of its
republican form of government.
And now, sir, I have only to thank the mem-
bers of the House for the very great indulgence
with which they have listened to my remarks.
I may have erred ill my opinions, for 1 have no
overweening confidence in my own judgment
on these high themes. But 1 can most, truly
say that I have spoken from, a sincere desire to
promote the peace and harmony of the Union
we hove preserved, and the permanent welfare
of the country we have struggled so hard and
so successfully to save. If i have said aught
that is just and true, 1 beg that it may not be
disparaged by anything 1 may have uttered that
is untimely or unwise. Above all I beg this
House to bear in mind, as the sentiment that
should control and guide its action, that we of
the North and they of the South are at war no
longer. The gigantic contest is at an end. The
courage and devotion on either side which made
it so terrible and so long, no longer owe a divided
duty, but have become the common propel ty of
the American name, the priceless possession of
the American Republic through all time to
come. The dead of the contending hosts sleep
beneath the soil of a common country, andunder
ono common (lag. Their hostilities are hushed,
and they are the dead of the nation forovcrmore.
The victor may well exult in the victory he has
achieved. Let it, be our task, as it will be our
highest glory, to make the vanquished, and
their posterity to the latest generation, riyoice
in their defeat.
Mr. JULIAN resumed the door.
Mr. STE \ ENS. I want to say one word, and
that is if the gentleman from Indiana [.Mr.
Ji'i.lan] replies to the speech of the gentleman
from New York [Mr. Raymond] 1 shall call him
to order. The whole speech of the gentleman
from New York has been in % iolation of the rule
making this joint resolution the special order.
I did not think it. proper to call him to order,
but J shall call any gentleman to order who is
an old member of the House if he follows liL
line of aigumeiit.
Mr. IlMONP. I simply wi ll io reply to
that rather personal remark 
Mr. STE\ ENS. Not at all personal.
Mr. RAYMOND. I was not, aware that I
was any more in violation of the rules of thi„
House and of the proprieties of this debate than
has been any other gentleman who has spoken
upon this subject.
Mr. STEVENS. T knew the gentleman wa;
not aware of it, and therefore 1 did not call
Mm to order.
enrolled joint resolution.
Mr. COBB, fn un the Committee on Enrolled
Bills, reported that they had examined and
found truly enrolled a joint, resolution (II. R.
No. 58) authorizing the Secretary of War "to
gragt use of a portion of military reserve
on St. Clair river, in the State of Michigan, for
railroad purposes; when the Speaker signed
the same.
basis op REPRESENTATION again.
5Ir. JULIAN" then addressed the House.
[Hi:; speech will be found in the Appendi.\.]
_ At the conclusion o£ his remarks, Mr. Julian-
yielded the remainder of his time (forty min-
ates) to Mr, Conkling.
Mr. JOHNSON obtained leave to print a I
speech, which will appear in the Appendix.
Mr. CONKL1NG. I would like to inquire
of the chairman of the joint committee [Mr.
Stevens] when he proposes to demand the pre-
vious question.
Mr. STEVENS. I stated the other day that
I intended to call the previous question to-day.
If, however, the gentleman desires to speak to-
day, I do not wish to do anything more than
call the previous question when he shall have
concluded. I do not desire to interrupt him in
the middle of his speech.
Mr. CONKLINGr. I do not desire to speak
to-day. I should be very glad to avail myself
of the courtesy of the gentleman from Indiana
[Mi. Julian] to make, so fur as I may beable,
some answer to the objections which have been
urged against the pending proposition. The
gentleman from Pennsylvania knows as well as
I do that it would ho quite idle for me to at-
tempt, at this late hour, and in the present
mood of the House, to go on with my remarks
at the present lime. I do not make this sug-
gestion with a view to postpone the demand
of the previous question; but if the previous
question were not to be called until to-morrow,
and I might then occupy the floor for a short
time, 1 should be very glad. I wish, however,
not to interfere at all with the design of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, but to conform
myself to it, and to relinquish the floor alto-
gether or to go on in the morning, according
to the convenience and judgment of the gen-
tleman.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, 1 hardly know
what to say. ( do not, desire to urge the gen-
tleman to go on this evening, as it is late, and
gentlemen all around me lifm; said that they
did not want the pievious question called this
evening. I do not know, sir, but that if we can
agiee by common consent to forego the morn-
ing hour to-morrow and go on with this discus-
sion, I would be very willing .not to call tlio
previous question until half past ono o'clock
to-morrow.
The SPEAKER,. This subject is a special
order to the exclusion of all other business, and
takes precedence of the morning hour. There-
fore the debate, unless arrested by the previous
question, will continue to-morrow during the
morning hour.
Mr. STEVENS. T will say. then, that, 1 will
not ask the previous question until two o'clock
lo-morrow, if that .will satisfy gentlemen who
want lo speak; but I think that that is the latest
time that ought to he given.
The SPEAKER. The Chair is informed of
three gentlemen who yet desire to speak, besides
the gentleman wholiolds the Uoor. There may
be others.
Mr. STEVENS. Well, as atprcsent:id\ised,
1 must call (he pie1, ions question at two o'clock
I o-moi row,
.Mr. CONKLING. May I inquire, then, as to
my right to the floor in the morning?
The SPEA KER. 'That, will depend upon the
action of the House, 'file gentleman has forty
minutes remaining; of the time of the gentleman
from Indiana. If there is no objection, he will
be considered as entitled to occupy the floor
for that time in the morning.
There was no objection.
Mr. HOG AN. Before this question shall be
disposed of, I should like to have the privilege
of occupying perhaps thirty minutes of the time
; of the House. I should be glad to do so either
j before or after the remarks of the gentleman
i from New York, [Mr. Conklixo.] No Repre-
I sentative. from my State has, as yet, spoken on
i this subject; and as 1 am the only Democrat
j from that Slate, I would like to be heard on
! this important, question. I should esteem it as
a favor if the House would allow me the oppor-
tunity to make a few remarks.
Mr. STEVENS. Is the gentleman ready to
go on this evening?
Mr. HOGAN. I have no objection to that,
if it be the pleasure of the House.
Mr. STEVENS. I hope, then, that the gen-
tleman will be allowed to go on this evening,
with the understanding that when he concludes
the House shall adjourn.
Mr. "GllISVv OLD. 1 desire to make a motion
which I ask the gentleman from Ohio [Mr.
Lawrl.vck] to accept as a substitute for his
motion, now pending, as I understand. That
motion, I believe, is to recommit this joint reso-
lution with certain instructions. I desire him to
accept as a substitute for his motion a motion
to recommit without instructions, giving the
committee authority to report at any time.
The SPEAKER. The gemleuiun fiom Ohio
has the power to accept an amendment, if he
sees fit.
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. It will be time
enough for that to-morrow.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York has been recognized to-day and may not
be recognized to-morrow, but the gentleman
from Ohio lias the power to modify his own
motion any time previous to the previous ques-
tion being seconded.
Mr. GRISWGLD. Task to make my motion
now..
Mr. LAWRENCE, of Ohio. In order that the
subject may go to the committee unembarrassed,
after the discussion we have had, I am willing
to accept the proposition of the gentleman from
New York simply to recommit. No injury can
result from this course, for the reason that when
the committee shall report, all these questions
can come up then for our discussion and deter-
mination. •
Mr. STEVENS. Wo can settle this to-
morrow.
'The SPEAKER. With this modification
the instructions of the gentleman from Ohio
and all other instructions fall.
Mr. SC HENCE. 1 am anxious to get a vote
on my imtractions.
The SPEAKER. The gentleman from New
York [Mr. Gp.ikwot.o] has the floor, and, as has
been often decided, he cannot j'ield for a motion
to amend.
Mr. SCITENCK. I want to move, as an
amendment to the pending motion, the instruc-
tions presented by mo, and which were read
from the Clerk's desk.
Mr. GH1SWOL1). Have I the right to object?
The SPEAKER. Yes, sir. •
Mr. GltlSWOLD. I am under the necessity
to object. I wish to say, in explanation ol'that
objection, that my objsct is to get the question
back to the committee, so that they may ex-
press their views and give a report in the light
of the discussion which has taken place for the
last fe.w days.
I tliiuk that a majority of Congress is in favor
of an amendment .to the Constitution attaining
the point sought, by the pending resolution.
Mr. GAREIEL1). Is not the gentleman will-
ing that all the accompanying propositions shall
be sent back to the committee?
Mr. GRiSWOLD. Undoubtedly. That is
the object I have in view. I have not the
slightest objection to that.
Mr. STEVENS. I suggest to the gentleman
from New York, [Mr. Giuswoi.n,] that, not-
withstanding the discussion which has taken
place, no man can tell us what is the sense of
the. House on any one proposition. I am will-
ing it .should go back without further discussion.
[ have learned many tilings, but, I have not
learned that any three men agree on any one
proposition. Therefore if it goes to the com-
mittee we have nothing to guide us. There has
been no indication of the disposition of the
House. Let us have instructions so that we
may know what is the sense of the House.
Mr. BLAINE. Suppose a motion to re-
commit with instructions is carried by a small
majority, what of that when the amendment
has to be carried by a two-thirds vote ?
Mr. STEVENS. Those instructions the com-
mittee would obey with alacrity, as they would
bo bound to. As the thing now stands, with so
i many instructions offered, and a vote on none
of them, we might as well try to get sense from
the jargon of Babel.
Mr. SCHENCK. I am anxious to get my
proposition before the House.
