1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1557
policy of the Government has made the war
debt of the States bear unequally on different
classes of the community, and most oppres-
sively on the specially meritorious class, it is
the imperative duty of the Government to
equalize the burden by assuming an equitable
share of,the debt.
1 am not willing, Mr. Chairman, to be under-
stood ds making in these remarks a supplicating
appeal for relief on behalf of my own State,
or the other loyal Commonwealths that have
"borne the" heat and burden of the day"
■ throughout the great contest that has resulted
so auspiciously for all the interests of.humanity.
Supplication is the language of those who have
no right to use stronger phrase. But standing
here to-day as one of the Representatives of
the people, I have a right to demand that equal
and exact justice be done to all the 'States of
the Union, and that the Government of the
t^iion should without cavil or hesitation pay the
debts which were contracted on its own account
and for its own benefit. Justice is all that the
loyal States ask, and in the grand language of
Mr. Hamilton, already quoted, "justice is not
completely fulfilled until the entire debt of
every State contracted in relation to the war is
embraced in one general and comprehensive
plan of payment."
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I should like
to know of my friend from Maine, whether he
withdraws his amendment, having made his"
speech?
Mr. BLAINE. By no means.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I do not de-
sire to make any speech on this question. The
question is very plain and the claim very just.
It has come to be a custom here when debate
is exhausted upon any subject and a gentleman
wishes to get in a speech, to move that some
sensible part of the proposition pending be
struck out, o to amend it by inserting some
exceptional words, and having made the speech,
to withdraw the amendment. 1 was half in-
clined to think that my friend from Maine
meant to do that tiling.
What is this proposition of my friend? It is,
among other sums to other States, to pay Penn-
sylvania $1-1,710,01)0, when at present she only
asks $700,000.
Now, sir, I do not wish to be misunderslood.
When this subject comes before the House as
an original proposition and in a fair way, 1 may '
perhaps vote with the gentleman from Maine ;
but I assert now that this is an attempt lo in-
graft a general law upon a ppecial act. It. is
an attempt to get a bill in out of its place".
Perhaps i may favor some of the views which
have been urged by the gentleman from Maine.
He has been citing Alexander Hamilton. And
I call to mind the language of that great man
in his report as Secretary of the Treasury, to
which the gentleman has referred, that the debt
of the Revolution " was the price of liberty."
I say still further, now, that the war debt of the
Union to-day is the price of the salvation of the
country, second only to the precious blood shed
to attain it.
When Hamilton proposed to consolidate the
State war debts into a Federal one the debt of
the United States was but $54,000,000, and
its population three millions. Now the popula-
tion is over thirty millions and the debt over
$2,700,000,000, or live times as great a burden
proportioned to the population as then. Yet I
have always held that p'ai'simony in a nation is
the poorest political economy. Let us do exact
justice to all. I believe we can and will bear
our great debt cheerfully, adding to it us much
as is required lo equalize the bounties to our
soldiers, and paying it off in time by a judicious
system of taxation.
Perhaps it may be well, also, when the ques-
tion comes up legitimately, to see whether the
loyal States which have debts contracted on be-
half of the Union should not be relieved so as
to put them on an equality with the disloyal ones
whose debts we have caused to be repudiated,
and which at no distant day, T hope, when their
laws and the Constitution embody the great
results of the war, may be represented on this
floor. At this time I am opposed to the prop-
osition, and, if it is offered as an inducement to
give up a just claim, will only add that Pennsyl-
vania spurns it.
The gentleman from Maine will understand
me as speaking on this matter in all kindness,
but he is attempting to append to this bill a
proposition which he knows cannot, at this
time, be acted on favorably.
Before I proceed further, I will ask him
whether this assessment which has been made
in favor of the several States, so far as it relates
to Pennsylvania, includes the troops provided
for in this bill, which we furnished in the year
1803 at the time of the battle of Gettysburg.
Mr. BLAINE. 1 am unable to reply to that
question. Jf the gentleman can tell me whether
these troops were ever credited to Pennsylvania
on her quotas, 1 think T can answer it.
Mr. MYERS. .No, sir ; they were not.
Mr. BLAINE. I must then refer the gen^
tleman to the Provost Marshal General's office
for an answer.
Mr. MYEIiS. The gentleman is admirable,
not in answering questions, but in getting out
of answering them. Tie will understand, I
trust, all the time, that lam not attacking the
merits of his amendment.
Mr. DELANO. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow mo. I would like to know
whether the sum provided for in the original
bill is embraced 111 the measure offered by the
gentleman from Maine, [Mr. Blaise. ]
Mr. MYERS. That is exactly the question
I have been trying to get an answer to. This
bill reimburses tho State of Pennsylvania the
$700,000 she expended in the pay of troops
called for by the President at a time when
neither Congress nor the Legislature of the
State was in session, and under an express
agreement by the President and the Secretary
of War that the Genera] Government would
refund tho amount. This sum is not included
in the pending amendment, as the report of the
Provost Marshal (1 en era]. nowbefore me, shows.
By that report 1 find that Pennsylvania fur-
nished to the war, in all, oOG,y2(S men, not in-
cluding any of the calls upon her for the emer-
gencies of 1802 or 18(1". These Still,men,
reduced to a three years' basis, gave us2i>7,.rio8
men, which, at fifty-five dollars for each man ■
furnished—the rate proposed in the substitute
now- before the committee—is $14,715,000.
Mr. BLAINE. If the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania will allow me, I will make a brief ex-
planation,-which I tliink will also answer the
gentleman 'from Ohio, [Mr. Delaxo.] The
principle on which this bill rests is, not to re-
fund to the States in proportion to what they
expended, but to repay them in some measure
for what, they did for the LTnion. What they
did is to be determined by the number of men
they furnished ; and this House, in answer to
a resolution, lias received from the War De-
partment a statement of all the troops that
have been furnished by the respective States.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania wants to
know whether tlie.se militia were credited on
the quota. I do not desire to answer any ques-
tion positively, unless I have information en-
abling me to speak with certainty; but I will
say that, according to iny impression, when
the draft was bearing stringently upon the
States, and when all sorts of credits were bunted
up, Pennsylvania obtained an allowance on her
quota for those very militia for which in this
bill we propose to pay them fifty-five dollars
per man. This is my impression, though I do
not make the statement positively.
Mr. DELANO. I understand that the ori-
ginal measure before us is to refund money
expended by Pennsylvania in payment of the
militia called out by the Governor of that State.
Mr. STEVENS. With the permission of my
colleague, [Mr. Mvees,] 1 will say that at the
time of the rebel invasion the President of the
United States called on the Governor of Penn-
, sylvania, as well as the Governors of New Jer-
i sey and of other States, to furnish men.for the
emergency. Those men were furnished, and _
they rendered important service. Soon after*
the emergency had passed, and the troops had
been withdrawn, the States of New York and
ivew Jersey sent in their accounts, which were
paid by the Government of the United States.
Just at that point the appropriation ran out,
and the claim of Pennsylvania could not be
paid.
Mr. DELANO. These militia were never
mustered into the service of the United States.
Mr..STEVENS. They were put under the
command of United States officers.
Mr. DELANO. So I understand; but they
were not mustered into the service of the
United States. , *
Mr. STEVENS. Technically, perhaps, they
were not, but practically it amounted to the
same 'thing. I believe they were not sworn in,
but they were put under the command of Gen-
eral Smith and other 'United States officers.
Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I pass from
this point, simply stating in answer to my
friend from Maine that these troops were not
credited on the quota of the State of Pennsyl-
vania. But even if he ware right, the fact wo.tild
have nothing to do with the question here, as
this is a special claim under an agreement, as
I shall show directly, and should not be af-
fected by the bill which has been offered by
him.
, -Mr. HARDING; of Illinois. Will the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania yield to me a mo-
ment? I desire to offer an amendment to the
amendment.
Mr. MYERS. I decline to yield except for
a question.
.Mr. Chairman, how does this matter <{ome
before us? Tho Secretary of War has ad-
dressed a letter to the chairman of the Com-
mittee on Appropriations of this House stat-
ing that the Department had received returns
of the amounts required for the payment of
tho militia called out to repel the invasion of the
rebel forces under the command of General
Lee. The Secretary of War states in his let-
ter of January 4, 1864, just read:_
"There being no appropriation out of which theso
payments coiild bo made at the tunc they wore re-
nuiiwl, patriots citizens of Philadelphia advanced
tho monov; and it is proper that they should bo re-
imbursed without delay."
Then there is another letter addressed to
those in Philadelphia who were raising some
of these troops, and"embodying the contract
made with them by the Government at the
time. That letter is, as follows :
washington, July 21,1863.
J. B. Fhy, &e.:
Alt that is necessary is that the Governor of Penn-
sylvania should see that the company pay-rolls are
properly mado out and certified. This being done,
the amount due is readily ascertained, and can be
paid, and the pay-l-olls wilt furnish ttic proper otfieial
vouchor of tho payment. Thin J)er>ari)iiait wtll lay
},<•{(,r<' Conqi-e9S, "t the commencement of the mssion, ail
iuyuw to cover the rii/lount, ami request the upjji'ofiria-
tion. Tho matter lias been arranged in this way in
other States, and lias been productive of no delay or
complaint where the (governors have given their at-
tention to it, and seen that the muster-rolls are prop-
erly made out. EDV.'IN M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
I call the attention of gentlemen who may
not have examined this case lo the fact that
the Secretany of War thus telegraphed in this
dire emergency that if the men were raised ho
would, at the earliest possible moment., request
Congress to make the appropriation, and that
he faithfully carried out the promise. More
than two years ago, in pursuance of the agree-
ment stated by the Secretary, and his request,
this'House did pass the appropriation.
Governor Curtin, in his special message of
April 30, 1804, says:
"The United States clothed, equipped, and sub-
sisted the men thus called into service, but declined
to pay them, there being no appropriation for the
purpose."
And again, in his anuuul menage of January
4, 1805—
"They were retained, as was alleged, to preserve
the peace and enforce the draft. iVeai-/;/, if tuA quite,
one b-alf (he money wo a paid to troops Ihvi held, and
after the emergency had expired."
