4M
THE ■ CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mills*, MoorBead, O'Neill, Paine, Perliam, Price,
Sawyer, Stevens, Trowbridge, Burt Van Horn, and
Ward—41.
•NOT VOTING—Messrs. Allison, Anderson, Delos
R. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baldwin, Barker, Bea-
mau, Benjamin, Bergen, Brandegee, Bromwell,Ban-
dy , CKahler, Reader W. Clarke, Culver, Darling,Davis,
Dawes,JDenison, Driggs, Dumont, Eckle&Fanisworth,
Grider, Harris, Hayes, Henderson, Hill, Holmes,
oper, Bemas Hubbard, Jenekes, Jones, Irolley,
err, Keteham, Kayltendall, Latham, Lynch, Mar-
„aall, Marvin, McCullQugh,McIndoe, McRuer, Mor-
ris. Moulton, Myers, Newell, Noell, "Pike, Plants,
Basruond, Alexander H. Eioe, Rogers, Rousseau,
Seofield, Shanklin, Sitgreaves, Sloans Smith, Spal-
ding, Starr,Stillwell, Strouso, Francis Thomas, John
£..®iomas, Trimble, Upson, Van Aernam. Robert T.
Yan Horn, Yoorhees, Warner, WilltaniB. Washburn,
Ifentworth, and Stephen 3?. Wilson—75.
So the motion was agreed to.
And accordingly (at four o'clock and thirty-
five minutes, p. m.) the House adjourned.
IN SENATE.
Tuesday, January 30, 1866.
Prayer by tho Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
executive communication.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore laid before
th£ Senate a message from the President of the
United States, transmitting, in answer to a res-
olution of the Senate of the 11th instant, a report
from the Acting Secretary of State, communi-
cating information in regard to a negotiation
for the transit of United States troops, in 1861,
through Mexican territory; which, on motion
of Mr. Summer, was referred to the Committee
on Foreign Relations, and ordered to be printed.
petitions anjd memorials.
Mi'. SUMNER presented a petition of citi-
zens of Crawford county, Pennsylvania, pray-
ing Congress to provide for such an amendment
of the Constitution of the United States as will
forever prevent any State from making any dis-
tinction in civil rights and privileges among its
citizens on account of color or descent; which
waB referred to the joint committee on recon-
struction.
Mr. NESMITH presented a memorial of the
Cascade Railroad Company, an incorporation
created by the Legislature of Washington Ter-
ritory, praying for a grant of tho right of way
through tho military reservation along the lino
of that road -, which was referred to tho Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. GRIMES presented resolutions of tho
Legislature of Iowa, in favor of an equalization
of-bounties to soldiers who enlisted toputdown
the rebellion; which were referred to the Com-
mittee on Military Affairs and tho Militia, and
ordered to bo printed.
Ho also presented resolutions of tho Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from Postville to Waukon, Allema-
kce county, in that State; which were referred
to the Committee on Post Offices and Post
Roads, and ordered to be printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of the establishment of a
mail route from West Union to Nashua, in that
State; which were referred to the Commit too on
Post Offices and Post Roads, and ordered to bo
printed.
He also presented resolutions of the Legisla-
ture of Iowa, in favor of an equalization of the
bounties of the thirty-seventh regiment, Iowa
volunteers, so that the members of that regi-
ment whoserved their fall time of three years
may be paid a bounty equal to that paid to mem-
bers of the same regiment who were mustered
out for disability; which were referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia,
and ordered to be printed.
Mr. STEWART presented a memorial of the
Senators and Representative-elect to Congress
lroni Colorado^ praying for the admission of
mat lemtoryas a State m accordance with the
provisions of the enabling act of Congress, ap-
prpved March 21, 1864, without any other con-
ditions than those imposed by that act- which
was ordered to lie on the table. '
, Mr, RIDDLE presented a memorial of citi-
zens of Delaware, praying to be refunded the
excess of income tax alleged to have been paid
by them for the year 1864 on farm produce;
which was referred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. POMEROY presented two petitions of
citizens of Pennsylvania, praying for such an
amendment of the Constitution of the United
States as will forever prohibit every State'from
making any distinction in civil rights and priv-
ileges among naturalized citizens of the United
States on account of race or color; which were
referred to the joint committee 011 reconstruc-
tion.
Mr. COWAN presented a memorial of the
Mining Board of Gilpin county, Colorado, re-
monstrating against the passage of any act af-
fecting the present status of mining claims or
titles; which was referred to tho Committee on
Mines and Mining.
Ho also presented the petition of Brevet
Lieutenant Colonel S. M. Reynolds, paymaster
United States volunteers, praying to be relieved
from all responsibility on account of money
alleged to have been stolen from him on the
2"2d of December, 1805; which was referred to
the Committee on Claims.
Mr. MORGAN presented a memorial of the
Board of Trade of the city of Buffalo, New York,
praying for an increase of the salaries of naval
officers; which was referred to the Committee
on Naval Affairs.
Mr. RAMSEY presented the petition of
.1 oseph Noek, praying to be indemnified for loss
occasioned by an alleged broach of his contract
with the Post Office Department for tho supply
of mail locks and keys for tho United States
service, and for compensation for the use by the
Government of his patent for an improved lock;
which was referred to the Committee on Post
Offices and Post, Roads.
Mr. HARRIS presented a petition of enlisted
men of the Signal corps, representing that the
duties of that corps have entirely ceased since
the surrender of the rebel armies, and praying
that Congress may provide by law for tho dis-
charge of that corps; which was referred to the
Committee on Military Affairs and the Militia.
Mr. HENDERSON presented a petition of
assistant assessors of internal revenue of tho
first collection district of Missouri, praying for
an increase of compensation; which was re-
ferred to the Committee on Finance.
Mr. NORTON presented resolutions of tho
Legislature of Minnesota., in favor of an equal-
ization of bounties to soldiers in the late war
for the Union ; which were referred to the Com-
mittee. on Military Affairs and tho Militia, and
ordered to bo printed.
Mr. HOWARD. I present tho memorial of
certain German naturalized citizens of the Uni-
ted States, residing in Detroit, in which they
say:
"There is no republican government without a re-
alization of tho principles of the Declaration of In-
dependence, ttiat ait men have an equal right to iife,
freedom, and happiness. Tho undersigned entreat
Congress to determine legally l'or the whole Union in
the .-eiitc of thatpiineiple tho requisites of republican
government, as proven bod by the Constitution, among
which wo before all things place tho following: 1. Ab-
solute equality of political as well us civil rights before
tho law of the single States as well as in the Union,
for all citizens of tho United States, to whom belong
all personsnotexcliidedby the Constitution. 2. Uni-
veisal suffrage. 3. Prohibition of all class legislation
and of all property qua.litien.tion. 4. Prohibition of
all restrictions on free speech, free press, free assem-
blage, and free instruction. 3. Protection to free in-
tercourse and personal safety.'5
I move that the memorial be referred to the
joint committee on reconstruction.
The motion was agreed to.
joint committee on' reconstruction.
Mr. FESSENDEN" asked, and by unanimous
consent obtained, leave to introduce a joint res-
olution (S. No. 2(5) for the payment of expenses
incurred by the joint committee to inquire into
the condition of the Stales which formed the
so-called confederate States of America; which
was read twice by its title.
Mr. FESSENDEN". If there be no objec-
tion. I ask the Senate to act upou this joint reso-
lution at the present time.
By unanimous consent, the Senate, as in Com-
mittee of the Whole, proceeded to consider the
joint resolution, which appropriates $10,000, or
so muchthereofasmaybe necessary, to pay the
expenses of the joint Committee of Congress ap- '
pointed to inquire into the condition of the States
which formed the so-called confederate States
of America, which sum is to be drawn from the
Treasury upon the order of the Secretary of the
Senate, as it shall be required from time to time
by the committee having such investigation in
charge; and any portion of the sum thus ap-
propriated that shall be allowed by the joint
committee to witnesses attending before it, or
to persons employed in its service for per diem,
traveling, or other necessary expenses, and paid
by the Secretary of the-Senate in pursuance of
the order of the joint committee, is to be cred-
ited and allowed by the accounting officers of
the Treasury Department.
The joint resolution was reported to the
Senate without amendment, ordered to be en-
grossed for a third reading, read the third time,
and passed.
retorts of committees.
_ Mr. SUMNER, from the Committee on For-
eign Relations, to whom was referred a bill (S.
No, 25) to provide for the adjustment and sat-
isfaction of claims of American citizens for spo-
liations committed by the French prior to the
31st day of July, 1801, reported it without
amendment.
Mr. WILSON, from the Committee on Pub-
lic Lands, to whom was referred the bill (S.
No. 85) granting to the State of Wisconsin a
donation of public lands to aid in the construc-
tion of a breakwater and harbor and ship-canal
at the head of Sturgeon bay, in the county of
Door, in said State, to connect the waters of
Green bay with Lake Michigan, in said State,
reported it with amendments.
senator from nett jersey.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The Committee on the
Judiciary, to whom were referred the credentials
of John P. Stockton, claiming to be elected a
Senator from the State of New Jersey, together
with a protest of certain members of the Legis-
lature of that State against the validity of his
election, have instructed me to make a report
accompanied by a resolution. I move that the
report, together with tho credentials and me-
morial, bo printed.
Mr. SUMNER. Let the resolution be read.
The Secretary read as follows:
Itesolved, That John P. Stockton was duly elected
a.nd entitled to his seat as a Senator from tho State of
New Jersev for the term of six years from the 4th day
of March, 1865.
The report, with the accompanying papers,
was ordered to be printed.
condition op the southern states.
Mr. DOOLITTLE submitted the following
resolution; which was considered by unanimous
consent, and agreed to :
Ilcoh'ed, That the President be requested, if not
incompatible with the public interest, to communicate
to the Senate a copy of the late report of Major Gen-
eral Sherman upon the condition ot the States in his
department in which he has lately made a tour of
inspection.
telegraph lines.
Mr. BROWN. I offer the following resolu-
tion, and ask for its present consideration:
Re-ifhcd, That the Committee on Post Offices and
Post Itoads be instructed to inquire into the expe-
diency of authorizing the Post Ofiiee Department to
construct and operate telegraph lines along tho prin-
cipal mail routes, or such ot them as it may deem
necessary, or to contract with such lines as may be
already established, if that shall be deemed more ad-
visable, for the use and control of such lines, and in
connection with its postal business to establish offices
at such points as may be determined upon, open at
all hours to the public and the press, for tho safe and
speedy transmission of dispatches under proper regu-
lations and at fixed minimum rates; the committee
to report by bill or otherwise.
There being no objection, the Senate pro-
ceeded to consider the resolution.
Mr. BROWN. I do not propose to indulge
in any extended remarks at this time-upon the
resolution in question, but I deem it right to say
a word or two before it goes to the committee.
I do not know of any argument that will sup-
