1558
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 21,
After this statement I think no one will ques-
'tion that these men were in the service of the
United States.
In thclast Congress an amendment was added,
not like this of my friend from Maine, but mem-
bers from other States, supposing they might
have similar claims, (though it lias since been
ascertained that they have all been paid,) moved
their amendments to the bill. In this shape
it passed this House, went to the Senate, and,
I believe, because of the inappropriate addi-
tions, was not reached for favorable action.
The bill now under consideration, substantially
the same as I introduced it early in the session,
is virtually the same bill passed by t.he Ho.use
during the last Congress.
The chairman of the Committee on Appro-
priations [Mr. Stevexs] has stated fully the
reason why this claim was not before paid.
The act of July 27, 1861, provided:
" That the Secretary of the Treasury be, and he is
hereby, directed, out of any money in the Treasury
not otherwise appropriated, to pay to the Governor
of any State, or to his duly authorized agent, the
costs, charges and expenses properly incurred by such
State for enrolling, subsisting, clothing, supplying,
arming, equipping, paying^and transporting its troops
employed in aiding to suppress the present insurrection
against the United States, to be settled upon proper
vouchers, to b© filed and passed upon by the proper
accounting officers of the Treasury."
In the appropriation bill of February, 1862,
there was a clause appropriating 515,000,000
to refund to the States the expenses incurred
on account of the volunteers called into the
service of the United States. This appropria-
tion run out, as has been stated, and having
been expended in the bill passed March 3,
1863—Congress being about to adjourn—an-
other appropriation was made to cover similar
expenses, as follows.:
"To defray expenses incurred in raising, equipping,
transportation, and subsistence of minute-men and
volunteers in Pennsylvania, Maryland, Ohio, Indi-
ana, and Kentucky, to repel rebel raids. $600,00U, to
be settled upon proper vouchers, to be filed and passed
upon by the proper accounting officers of the Treas-
ury: Provided, That in determining the claims to be
allowed under this act the same pi inciples, rules, and
regulationsshall be observed by the accounting offi-
cers in auditing said expenses as have been applied
to the claims ^allowed to States under the act ap-
proved July 27, 1861, entitled 'An act to indemnify
the States for expenses incurred by them in defense
of the United States.'"
And this sum also rapi out before the proper
vouchers for the present claim could be pre-
sented and passed upon satisfactorily, as the
Second Auditor, in his ldtter, states they sub-
sequently were.
Had Congress been in session at the time,
it would have done exactly what it did do in
another case. And I call the especial atten-
tion of the gentleman from Ohio [Mr. Delaxo]
to that case. In the year 1864 the gentleman's
colleague [Mr. GakfieldJ asked unanimous
consent to introduce the following joint resolu-
tion :
"Reunited, &e.. That the sum of $25,000,000 be, and
hereby is, appiopiiated out of any money in the pub-
lic l rea«nry not otherwise appropriated, for arming,
equipping, clothing, subsisting, transporting, and
paying volunteers who may bo received by the Pres-
ident for any term not less than one hundred days."
No objection being made, the following com-
munication from the Secretary of War was read:
War Department.
Washington City, April So, 1864.
rfiit: The G-overnors ofOhio.Indiana,Illinois,Iowa,
and Wisconsin hare tendered to the President, on the
23d instant, a large number of volunteers from their
respectiv e States tor service during the present cam-
paign. They are expected to number from eighty to
one hundred thousand men: their term of serviceoce
hundred days from muster in. It is believed they. can
render usefvM-;rvtee. They are to be paidno bounty,
ai;d are not to diminish or delay the draft for three
yexrs' men in States where the quota of pending
(!■ jft is not filled up. The quota is filled up in Indi--
ftiia, Illinois, Iowa, and Wisconsin, and less than ten
thousand are due from Ohio. The expense of these
troops is not provided for in the war estimates here-
tofore submitted. It is estimated that $2o,000,000 will
meet the cost of one hundred thousand of these ex-
tra volunteers. I respectfully recommend a special
appropriation for that purpose, and submit a joint
resolution for that purpose. The impending operations
render it expedient that there should be early action
by Congress upon the proposition, so that, if sanc-
tioned, all needful provisions may be made in due
season.
I have the honor to be, very respectfully,.your obe-
dient servant, EDWIN M. SIAISTCXN,
Secretary of War.
Hon. Robert C. Schenck, Chairman of the Military
Committee of the House of Representatives.
And although you. Mr. Chairman, [Mr. Wash-
ifujRXE, of Illinois,] objected to it mid asked'
its reference to the Committee of Ways and
Means to'bo examined and reported upon, that
was refused, and the House proceeded at once
to its consideration, promptly and without dis-
cussion passing it. Now, if Congress had been
m session when these special appropriations
were exhausted I have no doubt they would have
passed a bill to supply the deficiency as promptly
as they did for the one* hundred days' men.
Mr.' SPALDING-. Will tlie gentleman allow
me to ask him a question?
Mr. MYER'S. Certainly.
Mr. SPALDING-. I would ask if there is
not this difference between the two cases: the
hundred days1 men were called out to come
here and relieve the garrisons in the forts about
Washington so as to increase the force in the
field under General Grant.
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir:- but I believe they
would have gone to the front if required, as the
Pennsvlvanians did.
Mr. WILSON, of Iowa. With-the permis-
sion of the gentleman from Pennsylvania, [Mr.
MyBks,] I will say that the hundred days' men
were regularly mustered into the service of the
United States, which I understand was not the
case with the Pennsylvania militia. And so far
as regards those furnished by the State of Iowa,
they were sent to Tennessee and ^Arkansas;
were at the disposal of the Government of the
United States, the same as other volunteers, and
the same as regulars, for the period of their
enlistment, one hundred days. But, as I un-
derstand it, the Pennsylvania militia were not
mustered into the service of the United States.
Mr. STEVENS. Will my colleague [Mr.
Myers] allow me to say a word in reply to the
gentleman from Iowa, [Mr. Wilson?]
Mr. MYERS. I do not object, though I
shall answer him fully.
Mr. STEVENS. I do not exactly under-
stand why these hundred days' men have been
brought into the argument at all, for they cer-
tainly have nothing to do with this subject.
: The fact is the Pennsylvania troops to whom
' this bill relates were all put under the command
of officers of the United States, and some of
tliem were in an engagement with tlie enemy
that took place in Maryland.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. Andthey
went wherever they were ordered to go.
Mr. MYERS. I referred to these hundred
days' men in repty to what was said by the gen-
tleman from Ohio, [Mr. Del.vxo,] to show that
an appropriation of $25,000,000 was made on
another occasion when there was not so press-
ing a necessity for volunteers, and when the
money was asked and promptly appropriated
before the service was rendered'. The only
difference here is that the service was rendered
first. These Pennsylvania troops were ready to
go and did go wherever ordered.
I will go a little further than my colleague,
[Mr. Stevens/] who said that these Pennsyl-
vania soldiers were placed under the command
of United States officers; they were also sworn
into the service of the United States; not reg-
ularly mustered in, perhaps, but they were
sworn in to serve the United States as well as
the State of Pennsylvania. They were called
out for the defense of the United States, Penn-
sylvania being as much a part of it as,the Dis-
trict of Columbia or any State. The defense
of Pennsylvania and Maryland then was the
preservation of the country. They were in the
trenches at Harrisburg when Ewell's corps
was before it. They were attacked at Car-
lisle, Wrightsville, and elsewhere, several be-
ing killed. They joined tlie advancing army
of the Potomac near Gettysburg, and with it
pursued the enemy through Maryland, picket-
ing, and crossing the Potomac; all- under
United States officers placed oyer them by the
War Department.
I do not wish to claim any superior merit for
the troops from my State, and I presume that
no gentleman upon this floor will make any-
such Claim in behalf of those from his own.
In regard to the charge that they were not
sworn into the United States service, let me say
that the President of the United States tele-
graphed-to Governor Curtin of Pennsylvania,
and to Governor Parker; of New Jersey, that it
made no dilferewce whether they were or not.
Mr. ROGERS. The State of^New Jersey
lias not been paid.
Mr. STEVENS.. The gentleman is mistaken.
I understand that New York and New Jersey
have been paid every dollar.
Mr. ROGERS. No, sir; some thousands of
dollars are still due us.
Mr. STEVENS. ' Where dotes the gentleman
get that from ?
Mr. ROGERS. I get it from the Governor.
Mr. STEVENS. The Governor of New Yo k
has written to one of the Representatives from
that State that they have been paid every dollar.
Mr. ROGERS. I say that New Jfersey has
not been paid.
Mr. STEVENS. I say that it has, and my
statement cannot be successfully contradicted.
'Mr. MYERS. Mr. Chairman, I do not want
this side discussion to come out of my time. I
feel certain that the gentleman from N ew Jersey
is mistaken
Mr. ROGERS. I know I am not.
Mr. MYERS. Then all the gentleman has
to do is to present vouchers, as Pennsylvania
has done, and introduce a bill for his S't-ate,
which I, for one, will sustain when properly
before us.
As to the question of muster, they were mus-
tered into the service; I have the telegram to
show such was the fact, and this in pursuance
of the contract made at the time these troops
were raised. When the rebel "invasion was
threatened General Couch was assigned to the
military department of the Susquehanna. All
these troops were put under his command and
that of General Smith. I read the telegram to
Governor Parker:
Washington, June 28,1863.
Ilis Excellency Governor Parker :
General Couch is authorized to receive any troops
that may be offered to servo under his command,
whether sworn into the United States service or not.
•Please send any militia or other force at your disposal.
E. M. STANTON,
Secretary of War.
Mr. ROGERS.. What is the amount of your
claim. ?
Mr. MYERS. Some seven hundred thou-
sand dollars.-
Mr. STEVENS. Six hundred and seventy-
one thousand dollars is the amount settled at
the Department, and then there is the interest.
Mr. MYERS. I do not suppose, there is any
just-minded man upon this floor who will take
exception to this claim.
Mr. ROGERS. Let me ask the gentleman
a question.
Mr. MYERS. Very well.
Mr. ROGERS. Why was not Pennsylvania
allowed her claim as New York was?
Mr. MYERS. That has already been an-
swered more than once.
Mr. STEVENS. I suppose the gentleman
from New Jersey did not hear my statement.
After the settlement took place, and New York
and New Jersey were.paid, the Department
said the appropriation was exhausted. At the
time gentlemen in Philadelphia paid it at the
request of the Department, but the State has
since returned it to them.
Mr. MYERS. I have only a few words more
to add. I did not expect to be drawn into a
discussion of this kind. I do not think any fair
man hearing these statements can refuse to vote
for the appropriation.
Mr. ROGERS. I would ask whether these
soldiers were employed to prevent anything
but the invasion of their own State.
Mr. MYERS. Yes, sir, they were. I think
I have already answered that.
Mr. ROGERS. Then the gentleman does
