1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3479
^ The next amendment was to strike out the
sixteenth section of the bill in 'the following
words:
Seo. 13. And be it further enacted. That whenever
$500,000 of tlio capital stock of the said corporation
shall have been subscribed lor and the subscribers
shall have paid ten per cent, upon the stock subscribed
for by them respectively, tho said corporation shall
be deemed to be duly organized.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section seven-
teen, lines seven and eight, to strike out u snch
lands'' and insert ''the same."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That cor-
rection will be made, no objection being inter-
posed.
The next amendment was in section eight-
een, after the word "company," in line four,
to strike out u at any rate of interest, not ex-
ceeding ten per cent, per annum, as may be
agreed upon between the parties.''
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, after tho word u dollars" to insert u pay-
able in twenty years from date, with interest
thereon at seven porconl., to be paid semi-
annually, upon coupons attached j" so that the
section will read:
That the said corporation is hereby authorized to
borrovsr money on time, not to exceed in the aggre-
gate 5)2,000,000, on the credit of tlie company, for the
puipose ol' building and constructing said ship-canal
and tho works connected therewith, and may issue
its corporate bonds therefor in denominations not
less than $500, payablcin twenty years fiom date, with
interest thereon at seven per cent, to be paid semi-
annually, upon coupons attached, and to secure the
payment thereof, with the interest that may accrue
thereon, may mortga^eitscorporate propcity, cOocts,
and tranehibc, or convey the same by deed of trust
for said purposes.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in the same sec-
tion, in line eighteen, after the word "prices"
to insert il not less than par;'' and after " com-
pany," in line nineteen, to strike out '' and if
such bonds or stocks are sold at a discount,
such sale shall be as valid and binding in every
respect as if sold at par value ' so as to read :
And said company may by its president or other
officers or agents, under tho direction of the board
of directors, sell, dispose of, or negotiate such bonds
or stocks of said company, at such times and places
and at such rates and lor such prices, not lc«s than
par, as, in their opinion, will best answer the interest
of the company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine-
teen, line four, to strike out the word u impose"
and to insert "provide:" in line five, alter
"such," to strike out "forfeitures of money
and penalties" and insert "lines."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section nine-
teen, line twelve, after "as," to strike out
" due" and insert u prima facieand in line
thirteen, after "regulations,'7 to strike out
"and forfeitures;'' so as to read;
And a copy thereof, certified hv said clerk under
his hand and seal of his office, shall be received in all
courts of 1 \w as prima facte proof that such rules
and regulations weie established by said company.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in line seventeen
of the same section to insert "defendant"
after "parties."
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was at the end of
section nineteen to insert:
A ndprov ided fv rthcr, Th at no money shall be loaned
tosoid corporation by the United States nor borrowed
by it l'rom any other source until the full sum sub-
scribed to its capital stock shall have been collected
and in good faith expended upon the construction
of said woik, which expenditure shall be duly veri-
fied by the oaths of the president and engineers afore-
said,and thereafter such loanshall be advanced only
upon the terms ant cvnditionsin this section pre-
scribed: And provided fv rthcr. That all interest ac-
crued on any bond to be issued to said corporation
by the United States under tho provisions of this act
prior to the date of its delivery shall be duly can-
celed prior to its delivery.
Mr. HOWE. Thai amendment is printed
in the wrong plpce. It is designed as a pro-
-viso to section twenty-one.
The PRESIDENT^™ tempore. Thatchange
will be made, and the proviso will be put in at
the place indicated by the Senator from Wis-
consin.
Mr. HOWE. I suppose it will be proper to
consider it when wc come to section twenty-
one.
The PRESIDENT jrro tempore. It can be
considered- t the present time.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I think we had better
consider this proviso when we reach section
twenty-one, for it seems to me to bo inconsist-
ent with that section.
The Secretary read the next amendment of
the committee, which was in section twenty,
line two, after the word "dollars,'' to insert
"or sq much thereof as said company may
desire to borrow."
Tho amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert at the end
of section twenty-one the following proviso:
Au>I pi-ovi'inl fio That no money shall be
loaned to said eorpoiation by tho United States nor
borrowed by it, from any other souroo until the. tall
sum subscribed to its-capital stock^sluili iet.\ e been
collected and m erood t.,ith expended upon the con-
struction of said woik, which expendituie snail be
duly verified by the oathsot the president raid engi-
neers aforesaid, and thereafter sneh loan shall ho
advanced only upon tho terms and conditions 111 this
section prescribed: And provided jurthcr, That all
interest accrucd on any bond to be issued to said
corporation by tho United States under tho provisions
of this act prior to the dato of its delivery shall bo
duly canceled prior to its delivery.
Mr. IIOWE. I wish to amend this amend-
ment by inserting after the word " sum," in the
twenty-second line, tho words "of §2,000,01)0;"
so as to read, " until the full sum of $2,000,000
subscribed to its capital stock shall have been
collected and in good faith expended.''
The amendment to the amendment was
agreed to. m
Mr. TRLTMP>l"LL. It seems to mo that the
proviso is inconsistent with the body of the
section, if I understand it. Section twenty-
one provides:
That whenever said company shall liavc expended
in and toward iho const! action ot said canal the mud
ofSJOO.UOt), and shall deliver io tho Secretary of tho
Treasury tho certitieato of the engineers aforesaid
and the president of said company, duty veiitied by
tliem 011 oath, st.it inert hat such sum last above named
had been expended and paid, tho Secrctaiy of tho
Trcasuryshallforlhwitbpay mid dehvei to tbetreas-
urcr of said company, or to his order, $200,000, in the
bonds aforesaid, as :i part of tho sum to be loaned by
1 h is net; and whenever and asotten thercatter as the
like certitieato and proot shall befurnished to tho Sec-
ret ary of the Treasury that other and ttie further sum
of 3300,000 lias been paid and expended by tho said
company in the further construction of thesaid canal,
the Secretary of thoTrcasuiyshall pay anddeliyerto
tho treasurer of said company, or to his order, other
ofsaid bonds to the amount of $200,000; and ho shall
continue from tunc to time to pay over and deliver
other of said bonds to said company, or to its treas-
urer, to the amount of 8200,000 at a time, or such parts
thereof as may be necessary to make tho wholo sum
hereby ordoied and dnected to be loaned upon such
certificates andt proof of expenditure as aforesaid,
until the wholo,^>,<100,000above spceiticd shallboduly
advanced and paid.
This provides that, whenever the company
shall have expended S.100,000 tho Government
is to deliver S'200,000 of its bonds to the com-
pany, as part of the sum to bo loaned by this
act. What is the proviso'.' The proviso is that
no money shall be loaned to the corporation
by the United States, nor borrowed by it from
any other source till the full sum of $2,000,000
subscribed to its capital stock shall have been
collected and in good faitli expended upon the
construction of the work. Are not the pro-
visions inconsistent? When $300,000are ex-
pended by the company, $200,000 of Govern-
ment bonds are to be delivered, as I understand
the body of tho section; hut by this proviso the
two millions must all have'been expended upon
the work before the company can receive any-
thing.
Mr. IIOW'E. I will state to the Senator the
idea of the committee, and he will see whether
we have carried it out or not. Oar purpose
was to insure the expenditure of at least two
millions of the money of the company before
any money was advanced by the United States,
and wo had this section twenty-one to amend
so as to effect that object, and we agreed to I
this proviso, supposing it would do it. The
section twenty-one provides that as often as
§000,000 are spent by the company, $200,000
shall be loaned by the United States; but the
proviso requires that the Government shall not
begin to loan at all until the company have
spent S2,000,000, and then as often as they
spend $?K)0,000 wo loan $'.200,000.
Mr. TRUMBULL. The section provides
that when the first $300,000 is expended by the
company, the Government shall loan $200,000.
It seems to me that to carry out the purpose
stated, the language of the first part of the
section ought to be altered as to read, " that
whenever said company shall have expended
in and toward the construction of said canal
the sum of $2,000,000, and shall deliver to the
Secretary of the Treasury tho certificate of
the engineer aforesaid and the president of
said company, duly verified by them on oath,
stating that such sum last before named had
been expended and paid, the Secretary of the
Treasury shall forthwith pay and deliver to the
treasurer of said company, or to his order,
§200,000 in the bonds aforesaid," and so on.
Certainly the proviso is utterly inconsistent
with tho first provision of this section as it now
stands; but it would carry out the object which
1 understand the committee have in view to
insert "$2,000,000" in tho third line of the
section.
Mr. HOWE. Our idea was that the proviso
covered and controlled the operation of the
section ; but 1 suggest that we pass over it for
the present.
Mr. KIRIvWOOD. I think the proviso had
better be attached to section twenty, and then
the change made in the twenty-first section
suggested by the Senator from Illinois.
Mr. IIOWE. I propose to pass this amend-
ment by for tho present,, and 1 ask Senators to
look into it. Wo want to effect the object
which I have stated.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. By com-
mon consent the proposed amendment to the
twenty-first .section will be passed over, and
the next reported amendment will be read.
The Secretary read the next amendment,
which was to strike out thy twenty-third sec-
tion, in the following words:
Six. 23. And br it .further rnaetcd, That the tolls to
bo imposed upon vessels, rafts, and property passing
said canal may be altered and revised once in every
five years after tho completion of said canal by five
commissioners, one to be appointed by the President
of tho United States, one by cach of the Governors
of tho States of Now York, Massachusetts, and Illi-
nois respectively, and the remaining one by the canal
company. And if the said company, or any ten own-
ers of vessels naviscatin^ said canal, shall nt any timo
notify said commissioners in writing of their dissat-
isfaction with tho toils agreed upon by them, the
said commissioners shall unite with throe additional
commissioners, to bo appointed by tho Governors of
Maine, Wisconsin, and Michigan, and such new board
of commissioners shati again revise and determine
the rates of tolls to be imposed and collected upon
vessels Ioko craft, and property passing through said
canal for thenext five years thereafter: Provided,
That said ratts of toll may at anytime be revised
and regulated by Congress.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I should be glad to
know why it is proposed to strike out that
section. I think it is a good one.
Mr. HOWE. It is a pretty good section in
one point of view, and may not bo so good in
another. If you want to secure tho lowest pos-
sible rate of tolls on this canal when it shall
be built, and that is the only object you aim
at, probably this section had better be retained.
It was tho idea of the committee, however, that
it would have a tendency to discourage tho
building of the canal; that it would have a tend-
ency to discourage capitalists from embark-
ing their capital in it; that they would not be
willing to put their capital (as this bill requires
them to do to the amount of $2,000,000before,
the Government advances a cent) into a work
the profit:; of which were to be regulated by the
Governors of different States in tho Union.
And it was thought by tho committee that it
was not necessary to retain this section, because
they argued that the competition of other routes
would of itself be probably sufficient to keep
the tolls down to a fair rate: but if it should
