1560
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
•of' them afterward went over into Virginia and
served there.
I have taken care in this bill to provide that
the accounts shall be reexamined by the War
LJepartment, and if there are any errors in them
they can be corrected.
Now, one single word in regard to the amend-
ment, or rather the bill, of the gentleman from
Maine, [Mr. Blaike.] This claim of Pennsyl-
vania is the only one of that character of claims
that the United States Government has not yet
paid. We have a great many other claims that
should be paid, as other States also have. But
the one now proposed to be paid by the bill re-
ported from the Committee on Appropriations
is the-only one of that class of claims not al-
ready provided for. If that claim were paid I
might be favorably disposed toward the bill of
the gentleman from Maine. But I do think it
very unfair ^interfere with the one before the
committee by endeavoring to substitute his bill
in its place.
Mr. HALE. I wish to say simply that I fail
to perceive in the evidence read by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven's] suffi-
cient proof that the State of Pennsylvania ad-
vanced money at the request ol' the Government
for the payment of troops in the service of the
United States under the express promise of
repayment. That beiijg so, all hough the claim
may be an equitable one, 1 do not think we
ought to include in this bill a recital which lhe
facts do not warrant. I therefore move to
amend the bill by striking out (lie words '' ad-
vanced a( the request of the Government for
the payment of troops in the service of the
Uniled States under an express promise of
payment," and inserting, so as to make the
bill conform to the facts, the words "expended
for the payment of troops in the service of the
United States."
'Chen, I submit, we.-ought to have a statement
of the facts in t his ease ; the details and items,
in dollars and cents, of the expenditures of
the Slate of Pennsylvania, and the expendi-
tures'of the State of Now York, and the ex-
penditures of the State of New Jersey, so that
we may see that we are treating Pennsylvania
as we are treating the other St'atesin this mat-
ter. I certainly have no desire that Pennsyl-
vania shall bo dealt with in any other manner
than the other States are dealt with, or to apply
any more rigid rule to her than is applied to
other States. But 1 am not willing that she
shall have any more liberal i tile applici\to her
than the other Slates have had applied to them.
Air. STKYKNS. That question was raised
during the hist- Congress by a member then here
from the city of NW York, Mr. Fernando
Wood. lie proposed an amendment and then
the matter was laid over for a time. Before it
again came up for action he received a tetter
from the Governor of that State, stating that
their troops had been paid.
Mr. ilAMi. Very well; I will move the
jimendiiKmt 1 indicated when 1 was last upon
the floor in ordor to make this bill conform to
the tacts of the case.
Mr. STKV&NS. I do not know that I have
any objection to that amendment, as it does
not ail'ect the substance of the bill; but there
is a telegram which I have not now here, and
which F desire to submit to the House before
the vote is taken.
■ Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania, obtained
the floor.
Mr. FARNSWOHTH. , If the gentleman
from Pennsylvania will yield to me, T desire
to mo\e that the committee rise, in order that
the House may dispense with the session of this
evening.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsylvania. I have
no objection to that.
Mr._ FARNSWORT1L I move that the
committee rise.
The motion was agreed to.
So the committee rose ; and the Speaker hav-
rVf* r9sumec^ the chair, Mr. Washbuuxe, of
Illinois, reported, that the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union; having had
under consideration the bill (H. R. No; 360)
to reimburse the State of Pennsylvania for
moneys advanced Government for war pur-
poses, had come to no resolution thereon.
HOLDING EVENING SESSIONS.
Mr. STEVEN'S. Tt is now very near the
hour of adjournment; and inasmuch as many
gentlemen wish to have this evening to them-
selves, I move that the evening session for
to-day be dispensed with.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. STEVENS. Mr. Speaker, as some gen-
tlemen desire information about certain facts
in connection with the bill just under consid-
eration, and as I desire to obtain evidence which
is not here at present, I move that the House
adjourn.
The motion was agreed to; and accordingly
(at four o'clock and twenty-five minutes p. m.)
the House adjourned.
PETITIONS, ETC.
The following petitions, &c., were presenter! under
the rule, and rofevred to the appropriate committees:
By Mr. ANCONA: The memorial of Messrs. Fred-
erick Snuer, N. A. Felix, Henry Oeidel & Co., A. D.
ILoycr, Peter Baibev, and IIciman Floto, brewers of
lien,ding, Pennsylvania, asking that the duty on
barley imported from Canada, (fee., may be so adjusted
as not to exceed the sum of five cents per bushel.
By Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio: Petitions from the
hii^hios-! men of Sidney, Illinois; Illiopohs, Illinois;
Cathn, Illinois; Plnlo,Illinois; praying Congress to
giant an appiopriulion for the improv cment of the
navigation of the, Mainnee bay and the harbor of
Toledo, Ohio.
Also, from New Haven.Indiana : LaOro,Indiana;
Logansport, Indiana; Attica, Indiana; praying for
an appropriation for the same purpose.
A1m>, from the citizens and business men of Mau-
raco City, asking foi an appropnation for the same
purpose.
By Mr. BANK8: The memorial of revenue assess-
ors of sixth district, Massachusetts, for increase of
compensation.
Also, the memorial of Andover Pavings Banks. Mas-
sachusetts. for exemption irom tax on dividends, &c.
By Mi.BOUTWELL: The petition of A. Lawrence,
nnd others, and the petition of John Wright, and
others, asking for amendments of the tariff.
Also, the petition of Allen Hathaway, and others,
fitizens of Bighton, Massachusetts, upon the same
Mibject.
By Mr. BUXDY: The petition of William Mcrcer,
of Ross countv, Ohio, for relief.
By Mr. JDA\'LS: Thcpctition of Chester Patterson,
and Oo others, citixen^ofOnondagacounty, New York,
asking nn inereasoof duties on imported wool.
Al*o, the petition $>f W. P. Giles, Joseph Fisher,
and 50 others, ci tifcens of Onondaga county, New York,
praying for increased rates of duty on imported wool.
Also, a similar petition by F. A. ftweet, It. lit.
Shaw, and 10 other.-, citizens of Onondaga county.
Also, like petition of David Ilibbard, John Gulich,
and -11 others, citizens of Onondaga county, New
Yoik.
By Mr. DENJSOX: Petitions of 1U citizens of Man-
ay tmk, Pennsylvania, asking lor amendments to tho
taiilf, to protect Amoican labor fiom foreign pro-
duction^.
By Mr. C A LIE IE LI): The petit ion of Joshua Frobes,
and -1-j othcis, utizens of Ashtabula county, Ohio,
pi .tying Congre.-s to pass a law for the piotection of
American wool.
By Mr. I1AIIDTNG, of Illinois: The petition of
citizens ot Monmouth, Illinois, for uniform insurance
law*?.
By Mr. KASSON: The memorial of faculty of Mid-
dlcbury College, for the legalization ofthemctrical-
deeinuil system of wctshls and measures.
By Mr. LAWRENCE, of Pennsvlvania: A petition
from citizens of Greene county, Pennsylvania, for an
increase of tariff on wool.
Also, a petilionfromcitizensofWashington county,
Pennsylvania, for amendments to the Constitution
giving to all classes of citizens their natural rights.
By Mr. MOIiliiS: Five petitions signed by J. D.
Bordwoll, Esq., of Yates county, New York, and 300
others, tax-payeis. remonstrating against a renewal
of the reciprocity treaty with Canada.
Bv. Mr. NOELL: A memorial from Hon. Georgce
II. Cramer, mayor of Cape Girardeau, Missouri. This
sets forth the fact that the internal revenue tax on
liquors and tobaccoexccedst he import duty levied on
foreign articles and suggests that the duties should
be so adjusted as to give our own manufacturers an
equal chance witli foreign.
Also, a communication from John L. Roach, of Cape
Girardeau, accompanied by plats proposing a new
plan for bridging navigable streams and applying the
plan especially to the Mississippi river.
By Mr. RAYMOND: The petition of Walter W.
Price, and others, of New York, for a reduction of the
duty on imported barley.
By Mr. SPALDING: Tho petition of Traccy
Smith, Harry Sortor, and others, citizens of Mayfield,
Ohio, for an increase of the tariff on wool.
; By Mr.WELICEIl: The petition of Cas^ Blakesley,
I and lis others, wool-growers of Medina township;
j and W.P.Clark,and74others,wbol-growersof Mont-
i \ ille township, Medina county, Ohio, asking protec-
I tion on wool.
IN SENATE.
Thursday, March 22, 1866.
Prayer by the Chaplain, Rev. E. H. Gray.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
PETITIONS AND MEMORIALS.
Mr. ANTHONY presented the memorial of
Edwin M. Snow, M. D., of Providence, Rhode
Island, remonstrating against the passage of
the joint'resolution (S. R. No. 38) providing
quarantine regulations to prevent the introduc-
tion and spread of Asiatic cholera, and pray-
ing that a thorough investigation of quarantine
regulations may be instituted, with a view of
reforming alleged flagrant abuses existing in
some of our principal sea-ports, in order that
a uniform system of quarantine may be estab-
lished, founded upon the true nature of dis-
eases; which was referred to the Committee
on Commerce, and ordered to be printed.
• Mr. WADE presented the petition of Joseph
L. Smith, and others^ praying for an appro-
priation for the establishment of an industrial
normal school in the District of Columbia;
which was referred to the Committee on the
District of Columbia.
Mr. SUMNER presented a petition of white
and colored citizens of Pennsylvania, praying
that the Constitution of the United States b$
so amended that there shall be no legislation
within the United States against any portion
of the inhabitants on account of race or color,
and that all such legislation now existing be
declared void; which was referred to the joint
committee on reconstruction.
Mr. CLARK. I offer the petition of the offi-
cers of the savings banks in Manchester, New
Hampshire, in which they say that their insti-
tutions are created for the purpose of receiving
small sums of the poor, and loaned for the solo
benefit of the depositors, and they go on to say:
"It is the belief of your petitioners that Congress
did not intend to tax the small savings of tho popr,
averaging to each depositor in these institutions only
about two hundred dollars, when they do not tax tho
accumulated property of the rich; and further, that
said tax throws not only an unusual, but in the pres-
ent prosperous condition of our country an unneces-
sary, burden only upon the poorer classes of tho
community, and creates a discrimination against the
laboring classes as compared with those of affluent
circumstances, contrary to the whole spirit and intent
ofthcintornal revene act, and contrary to equity and
justice." *
I ask that this petition may be referred to, the
Committee on-Finance.
It was so referred.
Mr. KIRK WOOD presented a petition of
citizens of Linn county, Iowa, praying that a
pension, may be granted to Mrs. J erusha Wilter,
widow of Dr. Amos Wilter, late surgeon of the
seventh regiment Iowa infantry, but who was
not regularly mustered into the service; which
was referred to the Committee on Pensions.
Mr. HOWE presented a petition of citizens
of Wisconsin, praying for the enactment of just
and equal laws for the regulation of inter-State
insurances of all kinds; which was referred to
the Committee on Commerce.
Mr. JOHNSON. I present the petition of
David L. Swain, a citizen of the State of North
Carolina, stating what he supposes to be a griev-
ous oppression of that State in cou sequence of
the manner in which the tax imposed upon the
State was levied. He goes into a statement to
show how disproportionate will be the amount
to be paid by that State in its present condition
in comparison with the other States that have
not been in rebellion, and he asks whether
the act of 18G2 cannot be repealed or modified
so as to meet the grievance. I move the
reference of the petition to the Committee on
Finance.
The motion was agreed to.
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES.
Mr. MORRILL, from the Committee oil
Commerce, to whom was referred the petition
of William Bell and John Hughes, praying for
an American register for the ship Patrick
Henry, submitted an adverse report; which
was ordered to be printed.
