80
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 3,
Ho. op Reps.
Freedmen's Bureau-—Mr. Chanler.
39th Cong. .. 1st Sess.
more concerned about his future than the stalled ox,
feeling perfectly secure of being fed and lodged by his
former owner until January, and equally confident
that then he would acquire equal right?, social, polit-
ical, and proprietary, with the white man. Kay, sine©
he only felt the power of the military, with its rigid
police and localized judiciary, as a protection to him
against the power and dominion of his former master,
whose liberties alone it restrained, many were eouii-
dentthat the whites would be entirely deprived of all
property and right, and that they would be the pro-
prietors and rulers of the country. While the negro
was intoxicated by those delusions, fostered as they
were by the system of rule adopted over the country,
and the misrepresentations made by many who were
connected with it—though I am glad to say but in few
instances by any in authority—the white man was cor-
respondingly depressed. During the harvest season it
became evident that unless these views were changed
both races would be made victims; that famine, ruin,
anarchy, and violence would ensue. Then there was
a changc of system. Negro troops were removed from
the interior, officers who were doing mischief by their
fanaticism were removed, the negro was told by those
in authority that though they would be protected in
the enjoyment of their emancipation from the domin-
ion of man, yet that they, in common with all men,
were yet under the imperious rule of the great law of
labor; that they could acquire no property but by
their own industry and economy; that the white
man would be protected in his property; that to se-
cure employment they must establish themselves in
the confidence of the proprietors of the soil; that un-
less employed by them, they themselves must perish ;
that from their idleness the past year they; would have
but a pittance in hand at January; that in the whole
State they had not made bread enough to feed the
people for six months; that only the credit and
the means of the planter could save them from star-
vation; that to secure any advantage from these,
they must contract for another yeai; and that they
could only hope for an improvement in their condi-
tion at the end of this year as a result of their own
industry.
But little was said on the subject of political rights,
but in the main they were encouraged to believe that
in the future they might hope for the attainment of
equal rights with the white man. At first it did not
appear that these teachings had much effect. They
still looked forward to a sort of millennial state at Jan-
uary, and many of our planters were utterly despair-
ing up to the end of the year. In the last weeks of the
year the crops were divided, when the negro learned
the first letter in the alphabet ofself-dcpendence. The
idler found that for every day lostfiom his work dur-
ing the year he lost a correspondingpart of his share
of the crop; thaton plantations where the hands had
been industrious and steady m their labor they re-
ceived fair remuneration, while on those where the
negroes were idle they receivedlittle or nothing. Some
were able to furnish their families with necessaries and
comforts--, and even with the means of iestivily and
merriment at Christmas, while others had to face the
future with nothingtomeetitsnecessities. They real-
ized, also, their responsibilities as heads of families.
The laborer who had no family was furnished, if indus-
trious, with a competence ior a year, while the head of
a family, equally industrious, with the same amount
in hand, had to first provide for his dependents.
The negro is not. much of a reasoning creature, In
the language of one of our State judges of the olden
time, *'he never knew the agony of thought" until
now; but these things set him to thinking. The re-
sult was that after two or three weeks of harmless
but very foolish dissipation, most of them went back
to their old employers and contracted tor the pres-
ent year. In nearly all cases of which I have heard,
they are working with a will, a cheerfulness, and at-
tention to thegeneral interest oftho place which was
not surpassed under the old system. It is true, the
owners of many plantation* have refused to take any
but the best, most intelligent, a"d industrious of his
people. The idle and vicious weic refused. These
last have either been employed as laborers in other
than agricultural employments, or are seeking day
laborln the towns.
This distinction is teaching the negro another idea,
that there is such a thing as chaiacier, and that it
has a practical influence upon his welfare. There is
giowing out of these new ideas an appreciation of a :
fact which I have endeavored to impress upon both
white and bhtck—that their best interests are iden-
tical ; that what is best for one is best tor the other;
that mutual confidence and good will are essentials
to the well being of both. The tendency is in that
direction, and, it let alone, by the end of the year
there will no longer exist any general distrust be-
tween the laces, but mutual confidence and kind
feeling arising from a sensed mutual dependence.
The only apprehensions I feel are, first, from the
continuance of the garrisons and the Freedmen's
Bureau among us. The negro will not entirely trust
the white man so long as he sees that we are not
trusted by theGoverninent to which he looks as his own
and only protector and as a stern ruler of the white
man. I do not mean to say that there is at present
in this part of the State any impiopcr exercise of au-
thority by the military, but under the circumstances
their presence alone engenders distrust on the part
of the negro, and prevents his feeling his dependence
upon the good will of the employer.
A second cau^e of apprehension I have arises from
the presence and teaching of preachers and teachers
among us who are entirely ignorant of the real feelings
and ti ueintercstsandcharaeter of both races, and bit-
terly hostile to the whites, and weakly .sentimental on
the negro. To this influence may be added the cir-
culation of papers published here and at the North
which, under the guise of maintaining the Union and
vindicating the rights of humanity, openly advocate
the despoiling of the white to endow the black race,
the disfranchisement of the white and the right of
suffrage to the black, malign and traduce us, sow the
seeds of distrust and prejudice, and even advocate an
appeal to arms to assert what they call the rights of
the blacks if they cannot otherwise be obtained.
The third and last cause of apprehension is in-
volvedin the question of the disposition of the island
lands. For several years during the war they were
occupied by the Federal armies. They were thickly
peopled with slaves when first occupied, being among
the bestlands in the State. To these were added many
thousands of absconding negroes from all paits of the
State. They were treated with more consideration
than whites would havebeenunderthesame circum-
stances, and by the end ot the war had come to regard
themselves as a favored class, the peculiar care of the
Government, while they were taught to believe their
former masters were very devils incarnate, who had
justly forfeited not only property but life itself by
their rebellion, which was a fit termination to the
career of wretches whose hands and souls were stained
with the crime of slavery.
Is it astonishing that now, when the white man
here is conquered and completely under the heel of
every soldier, white or black, these people setthe pro-
prietors at defiance, though armed with the Presi-
dent's pardon; that they should endeavor to incul-
cate the same spirit of defiance and disregard even
of the authority of the Government upon all the ne-
groes of the State? In some cases they have estab-
lished a sort of military government of their own;
established guards, and permit no white man to land
on the island without the consent ot the head man,
in some cases defying the passport of the commander
of the department. This will indicate to youthe con-
dition ofthe sca-coast.of SouthCarolinaand Georgia.
How can we do anything toward making the negro
in the interior contented andhuppy, settled in his in-
tentions and plans for the future, when he has before
his eyes always this demoializing example of his
neighbors? It the lands of the sea-coast ai o turned
over to the negroes how can we convince them that
tuey have no right to those of the interior? Where
is the line to be drawn ? If we were only let alone,
the negro would soon become a good citizen, indus-
trious. happy, pio^perous. peaceable, and orderly.
His condition would constantly improve: prejudices
on both sides would be removed, and we would have
a peasantry of which any country might be proud.
But so long as wc are subject to interference between
us ot a third party, who is here avowedly because we
are not to be trusted to maintain the rights of these
people, distrust will increase, dissensions arise, dis-
content, contusion, and despair involve both races in
ruin. But the negro woyld be the victim unless the
white man was forced by the power of the Govern-
ment to yield the country to his African master. Just
as jou diminish the confidence ofthe proprietor in
liegio labor, just so far do you displace the negro by
the white laborer.
It was formcrly'believed that the white man could
not labor in the summer on the rivers and swamps ot
th e South, but the experience of the warn nd the cam-
paigns of the northern armies, and their labors in mid-
summer in the most unhealthy regions, have reversed
our theories upon this subject. Should ncgio labor
fail this year by reason of their demoralization, next
winter will bring to oui doors thousands of foreigners
to till the soil. Upon some of our plantations the
negroes are offered ono half the crop, finding their
own food and clothing. Upon most of them the wages
are fixed at a third, and they are found their provis-
ions. Upon one of our large plantations here the
wages are one third, the laborer being furnished wuh
a house and garden, pasturage for a cow and calf,
fire-wood, a peck of meal, and two and a half pounds
of bacon per w oek. With industry the laborer's share
of the crop will be in a good year from two to three
bales of cotton and forty to fifty bushels of corn, be-
sides peas, potatoes, fodder, &c.,worthincurrentfuiids
f.om three to four hundred dollars. With such in-
ducements as these offered the German or Irish laborer
how long would it take to supply the South with white
labor? And what in that case would be the condi-
tion and destiny of the negro?
A great inducement to employ white labor instead
of colored, is the necessity of referring all questions
arising between the whites and blacks to a militaiy
one-man court for adjudication. Our civil courtsai e
allowed to exercise jurisdiction over all cases between
white men, and this gives a feeling of security in re-
gard to those contracts which, under the present sys-
tem, contracts with negroes cannot have. I think our
ptople, as a general rule, greatly piefcr the negro
labor, because they are more aceusiomed to it, be-
cause it is a trained labor, and they know it will suc-
ceed if they can induce its faithful application; but
this preference must give way before the insecurity
attending it unless the Government will changc its
system and leave the white man and the negro face to
face to work out their own destiny under the Consti tu-
tion. As to the capacity of the negro tor self-govern-
ment you may form as good an idea as I. They are at
present entirely ignorant of letters and wholly un
taught in political science. If the next generation
weretrainedandcducatedwi+haview to prepaic them
for the light of suftrage, I do not know that any one
could say that they would not be almost as well quali-
fied as the lowest class of foreigners after five years of
residence here. Whether it would be desirable to
extend the right of suffrage to either class in those
States in which they would have a majority of two
to one is a question which it is not worth while to an-
swer. Thenerrro isthemost tractable and most easily
governed of all thepeoplesof earth. He would always
| be the prey of the designing in politics, and would
! never be capable of competing with the Caucasian in
i the race of intellect. For myself 1 would rathercon-
I cede the right of suffrage to the negro, including all
J their children and women, than tocontinue under the
absolute rule of those who now control the affairs of
the country in Congress. I do not attribute any im-
portance to political rightcin coinpaiison with civil
rights, and would yield anything of the former to
secure the latter. I am not afraid to compete with
anyone in the management of the negro vote if we
arc only loft to ourselves. The employer at the South
would control the votes of his laborers more perfectly
than the mill-owneis of Lowell; and capital here in
matters of that sort would pull together at the same
end of the rope.
I have thus hastily thrown out my views on this
comprehensive subject, and concludc that there is
nothing to fear for the future prosperity of white and
black in the South if they are only let alone. In this
view I am free to confess I differ from the great mass
of our people. They are generally distrustful ofthe
negro in his present condition. They doubt that he
can ever bo induced to work, and forget that other
motives than those of force may develop even greater
energy and activity. But they are becoming more
hopeful and are generally disposed to give the system
a lair trial.
As for the white man's disposition to obey the laws
and submit to the authority ofthe United States, there
can be but one opinion. All he asks is permission to
live and enjoy the accumulations of his capital and
labor, the security of his person, and the sanctity of
his home. He wants peace—subject to these piivi-
leges he is willing to yield everything else. lie ha3
submitted, and now submits daily to every conceiva-
ble interference with the rights and liberties he once
enjoyed. Men and ladies of the hie-hest position now
yield precedence in the highway to their former slaves
without question, and gentlemen do not even resent
the rude jostling of the negro or the soldier, yielding
without remonstrance, even though his wife or daugh-
ter may be the object of the indignity. All this is not
from personal fear or a craven spirit, but to avoid
misconstruction and a further persecution of his coun-
try. Can there be higher evidence of his leadinesx to
obey the rule to which he is subjected ?
I know there is an impression prevailing that there
is a spiiit of lawlessness and violence still prevailing
in the South, but it is founded on fallacy. In the
district in which I live, since August I have heard of
but one case of violence upon a single negro. Yet
statistics of crimes against negroes are collected and
arrayed against us. Every trial belorc the military
and provost courts is returned and placed on hie in
Washington city, and are there examined by Mr.
Sumner and his friends. Coming as they do from all
the South, they constitute the statistics of violence
against four million people. In the aggregate they
appear to be numerous, and aie construed to indi-
cate a universal disposition to defy the authority of
the Government and laws. Take the statistics of
crime committed in iour millions of your own oper-
atives, and see if they would not outnumber ours.
There are ten thousand negioes in thisdistrict. Dur-
ing the last six months theie has been no trial ot a
white man, except for n single act oi violence against
oneofthem. Can yourstatisticsshowa laiierrocoid?
Consider in this connection thctact that all police is
in the hands of a people paitial to the ne?ro and
prejudiced against us, and that ttcre is a pio\<>st
court always open, and you will thtn be able to give
the argument i's full force. I know, from being a
member ofthe Legislature of this State, that there is
nowhere in South Carolina one purpose o> thought
of dijloyalty, and that our people are ready to do any-
thing which men may honestly do to disarm tliepre-
judicesagainst them. And to prove 1 heir loyalty, the
fixed opinion hercis thattheGoveiniucntissupreme,
and that he is a madman and a fool who would take
issue with it.
The next letter is from a noitliern lady, who
married at the South, and lias labored zealously,
bravely, and wisely to aid this Government in
the noble work of peace and reconstruction. My
personal experience ofthe skill, tact, and cour-
age of this widow, struggling to preserve the
patrimony of her orphan children from the rapa-
cil\ of land thieves water thieves, and thieves
of every color and kind, enable.* me to assure
the House that not one of them, had lie been
present, but would have felt that the ue&ro
was the master and favoied child of fortune in
comparison with this white woman, almost im-
poverished, in danger of violence, with the title
to her children's estate in jeopardy, and with-
out the means of securing the commonest neces-
saries of life. The guerrillas robbed her of her
farm stock, the negroes cat up her provisions
and refused to work for a crop, 'J he costly
culture of rice, with miles of dikes n.nd ditches,
requires constant attention ; the idle and igno-
rant negroes forced the carpenter to neglect the
dikes' flood-gates and field works necessary to
protect the land from inundation, and secure a
crop for their own support for the coming year.
The negro had been told by the preachers and
Freedmen's Bureau people that the land he-
