496
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
of the P.ostmaster .General, can give bonds for
$100 or $500 worth of stamps lie may receive
them and he- may sfell them to such parties as
require tketa, for cash, and only for cash. It
would not do to allow him to sell them on credit,
as" this would interfere with the sale fay post-
masters ; but if he is merely a custodian of
.these stamps, and sells them to individuals who
wish to use them for the time being, for cash, I
"dtf not .see how we are favoring rebels. -
The fact is, Mr. President, the public interest
must-not suffer if we can avoid it. Here is
a vast public interest. The object is not to
benefit rebels; it is to benefit the whole commu-
nity, and, if possible, to facilitate intercourse by
means of the post office. -For my part I ean-
■not see, nor could the committee, how this is
any way-showing favor to rebels in any part of
the country. The Postmaster General did not
like to evade the law; other officers have been
.charged with its evasion; I do not say that they
have been guilty of it; but he wishes to follow
out the letter of the law, and if he appoints a
postmaster he requires him to take the oath;
but he does believe, and the committee believe,
that it is safe to leave postage stamps with a
party who can give good bonds, and that it is
not necessary to require him to swear that he
has never been engaged in rebellion. If you
do require that, you deprive not only that com-
muuitybut the whole northern community of in-
tercommunication. The bill enables the Post-
master General to avoid that evil.
Mr. NYE. If I understand the Senator cor-
rectly, he assumes that lojal men cannot be
found in the lately rebellious Stales to take
these offices. I have understood, by the way,
that the Post Office Department had regarded
carefully its duty in not appointing those who
could not take the oath.  
Mr. DIXON. So I understand.
Mr. NYE. If that is so, the result is that
there are no post offices there; and for this
Government to become a vender at retail of
three cent stamps it seems to me is a small
business and should not be engaged in. Sir,
if it is true that there are not loyal men enough
in the States lately in rebellion to fill the post
offices, this Government should not furnish
them postal facilities. If it. is true that they are
suffering for the want of these stamps, how easy
it is for their moneyed men, who want to sell
them under this bill, to send to New York and
purchase $500 or $-5,000 worth of them. 1 re-
peat that it is not at all proper, neither is it
nccessary for .the public exigency, that t his G ov-
ernment should become the creditor of rebels.
This Government should see to it that every
officer iu it is loyal, or there should be no offi-
cers. To gather these elements of official sta-
tion around lis with this official power inimical
to the best interests of this country, is inviting
an element of weakness which wo cannot afford.
If the rich men of the South want to supply
their poor neighbors with post office stamps let
them send to New York, or Hartford, or Bon-
ton, and buy as many as they please, and pay
for them, and let them give credit to such as
they please. But, sir, I insist upon it this would
be opening a dangerous door for any Depart-
ment of this Government to enter. I object,
therefore, to the amendment and to the bill
itself.
Mr. COXNESS. This bill was considered
with a good deal of care in the office of the
Committee on Post Offices and Post Itoads. I
cannot see that it is obnoxious to the objections
made by the honorable Senator, my friend from
Nevada. As stated by the chairman of the
committee, it is not proposed to retail stamps
on credit. It is well known to the honorable
Senator, as it is 'to every Senator and to the
country, that it is exceedingly difficult to ob-
tain agents for the transaction of all the busi-
ness of the Government in the States lately in
rebellion. Wh%t shall be done? Does the Sen-
ator propose that they shall have no govern-
ment there? Does the Senator propose that
in every instance We shall appoint men from
the North or from the States formerly free to
go down there and fill every office? I appre-
hend that I am as strenuous in my love of loy-
alty, that I am as desirous that loyal men,
where it can be done, shall be the agents, and
they only the agents of the Government, as the
honorable Senator from Nevada or any other
Senator. But, sir, if you are to have a govern-
ment there at all, if the influence of the Gov-
ernment is to reach that people at all, they must
be reached to a greater or lesser degree at some
time through their own citizens.
I would have the honorable Senator think of
this, and think of it, not simply with reference
to the crimes these men have committed, but
with reference both to the present and the fu-
ture. I do not propose to impose the higher
range of duties upon men who have come out
of the rebellion with their hands stained with
its crimes ; but the Departments of this Gov-
ernment must have agents in those States.
Agents already employed by the Treasury De-
Eartment, the Interior Department, and other
'epartments of the Government, will be em-
ployed in this connection by the Post Office
Department; stamps will be sold to them on
Credit. I apprehend that the Postmaster Gen-
eral is as anxious as the honorable Senator can
be to find loyal men, and will find loyal men in
every instance where he can do so, to do this
and all other business connected with his De-
partment. But if we are to conduct ourselves
toward these States, or Territories, if yon please
—I do not care what you call them—if we are
to conduct ourselves toward the people of the
South upon the basisnow suggested by the hon-
orable Senator, there can be no reconstruction.
There is not the most extreme advocate of a
congressional plan for reconstruction who docs
not suppose, I apprehend, that at some period,
say not further distant than two years from this
time, those States will resume their place in the
Union, and the people who were formerly rebels
assume a position of loyalty again to Iho Gov-
ernment. Now, it is proposed that the officers
appointed by other Departments of the Gov-
ernment iu these States, and found faithful in
their trusts, shall be intrusted to buy postage
stamps from the Government to facilitate postal
business among the people there.
Sir, I hope that the course of opposition to
this bill will not bo pursued. As I said before,
I feel as strenuous on the subject of loyalty as
any Senator, but 1 cannot go to the length pro-
posed by the Senator from Nevada. 1 am for
peace ; I am for a lasting pcaeo as much as the '
Senator can be; but 1 think it cannot come by
denying to iho people of the South every facility
that is proposed to be extended to them by the
Departments, who have fully considered the
matter. I hope the Senator from Nevada will
not persist in his objections. I hardly think
they arc well founded, and I think we cannot
proceed upon the basis that ho presents.
Mr. CLAKK. ilr. President, so far as I
have observed or been able to ascertain what
is the fact iu these rebellious States, there are
now there two classes of what you may call
Union people. Diei'O arc some few remaining
(here who have always been Union men; they
were Union men at the breaking out of the re-
bellion ; they remained Union men through the
rebellion, and would not touch it or have any
part in it. There are other people who have
been in the rebellion, but who now call them-
selves Union men. 1 fear the operation of this
bill will be to place in ofiice the men who now
call themselves Union men, and to leave the
old, true Union men under the ban of these
new and pretended Union men. I found this
difficulty ilie other day: a man, perfectly loyal,
who had fled from Mobile on account of his
Union sentiments, and has remained here in
poverty, desired to return there, and some of
the people there asked to have him appointed
I postmaster. He came to me to inquire what
| were the proper steps to be taken. I said to
| him, Get some of the Union men in Mobile to
i ask that you shall be appointed." "But," said
\ he, "what kind of Union men do yon want,
; those who have been in the rebellion and are
j now Union men, or the old and true Union
I men? I could get the latter, but they are en-
tirely discarded and will not do me any good."
I want the Department, to bring up those old
Union men, not the men who have been in re-
bellion and have now turned Union men, but
the men who have always been true to the Gov-
ernment; and I think, if the Department will
seek for them and bring them from under the
ban, socially and politically, you can have in
these offices true Union men.
But, sir, I desire to ask the Senator from
Connecticut one question. The difficulty, as I
understand, here is that the Department cannot
find loyal postmasters who can take the oath,
and so they can have no postmasters with whom
to lodge these stamps for sale. I ask, then,
what do you want to sell stamps for if you have
got no post offices and no postmasters? What
are you going to do with a letter there when you
put a stamp upon it? Are you going to carry
it afoot? I think you had better establish your
post offices first.
Mr. DIXON. Does the Senator desire an
answer no w ?
Mr. CLARK. Anytime.
Mr. DIXON. The Senator partially misun-
derstood what I said. I did not say there were
no postmasters there; the Postmaster General
does not say that. He says there is a difficulty
in finding proper parties to appoint. There are
postmasters in the States lately in rebellion,
but there are not as many of them as could be
wished. There ought to be a post office in every
village, and I trust- the time will soon come
when there will be. There are many post offices
and many postmasters, loyal men, there; but
there arc wide districts of country where there,
are no post offices and no postmasters, and what
then is done? They send their letters by pri-
vate individuals, when stamped, to the nearest
post office. T presume sometimes they have to
go fifty miles, sometimes twenty, sometimes less,
to the nearest postoffice; but the letter must be
stamped, and if they cannot find any place where
stamps can be purchased what can they do?
The letter cannot be sent.
The Senator from Nevada says, if the Sen-
ator from New Hampshire will permit me to
go on, that moneyed men can come forward if
they see fit and advance the money for these
stamps. What interest have moneyed men there
or here in doing that? They receive no com-
pensation for it. Businessmen, it is true, who
have other business, retailers, will sometimes
keep postage stamps on hand, and advance the
money for tliem ; but the difficulty is, that in
these States there is less money than loyalty.
They are ti.cl only in some cases disloyal, but
in all eases they are poor. There arc but very
few men there who could ad ranco this money,
for the money is not there. Now, as to their
loyally, I think a man may be loyal and true
to the Government at this time who cannot
take tlie required oath. That is myjudgment.
I think I could name individuals who, as the
Senator himself would agree, are now loyal
men, but who cannot take the retrospective oath
that they have never taken any part in the re-
bellion against the Government. Nearly all
the people of the South have directly or indi-
rectly aided the rebellion at some lime or other,
and hence they cannot take this oath which is
retrospective in its character.
As 1 stated before, the object of this bill is
not to benefit any one class of the community;
it is to benefit the business of the whole coun-
try. I claim that it is as much for the benefit
of the North as for the benefit of the South.
A letter is written from the North; it goes to
a correspondent in the South, in Mobile for ex-
ample ; a reply cannot be forwarded unless a
postage stamp can be obtained; I have no doubt
they can be obtained iii the*city of Mobile, be-
cause there probably men can be found who
retail other articles who will sell postage stamps,
and I believe there is a postmaster at Mobile;
but as I said before, there are wide districts of
country where there arc very great difficulties
in obtaining them, and the object of this bill is
solely to allow men to be the keepers of stamps
who can furnish good security that they will
pay for them, who have not the cash on hand
