3480
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
not prove sufficient to keep them down to a
fair rate, the first consequence of an exorbi-
tant rate would be that the Government would
get its money back quicker, and the next con-
sequence would be that the Government would
see how advantageous it was to the public to
own this canal, and therefore they would sim-
ply be invited by this high rate of tollftocome
in and take it from the company. I ought to
say in this connection that a general provision
is proposed here authorizing Congress to amend
and alter this act.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I am afraid you could
not do that in the matter of tolls.
Mr. HOWE. In section twenty-seven it is
proposed that Congress may at any time alter,
amend, or repeal this act.
Mr. KIRKWOOD. I used to have a good
deal more faith in this matter of competition
between corporate companies of this kind than
I have now. In fact, instead of competition
there has come to be combination to a very
great extent. The companies doing business
between particular points, which were intended
to be brought into competition with each other,
now make combinations with each other by
which they keep up the rates of tol 1. We have
a good many railroads running from Chicago
into the State of Iowa, but instead of competi-
tion between them, there is combination, ihe
result of which is to take from us the very last
cent that our produce will boar in getting to
market. I do not like to trust this matter in
the future entirely to competition.
This section provides in substance that the
tolls may be altered and revised once in evei-y
five years after the completion of the canal, by
five commissioners, one to be appointed by the
President of the United States, one by each of
the Governors of the States of New York, Mas-
sachusetts, and Illinois, and the remaining one
by the canal company. That is to be done
every five years; and if the company or any
ten owners of vessels navigating the canal shall
notify the commissioners in writing of their
dissatisfaction with the tolls agreed upon by
them, these five commissioners are to unite with
three additional commissioners, to be appointed
by the Governors of the States of Maine, Wis-
consin, and Michigan, and this new board is to
again revise and determine the rates of toll;
and then there is a proviso that the rates of
toll may at any time be revised and regulated
by Congress. If this section remains in the
bill, the.people will have some assurance that
the money of the Government—which is to be
put into this work to the extent of $0,000,000
upon the idea that it is to benefit the producing
classes of this country and enable them to get
their produce to market at less rates, and to
benefit the consumer by allowing him to get
our produce at less prices—the people will
have some assurance that the money of the
Government is to be used to produce these
ends, and not be used for the purpose of pla-
cing in the hands of the corporators enormous
profits. I merely wish to call the attention of
the Senate to this provision now. I shall not
ask for a division at this time, but when the
bill comes into the Senate I shall ask for a
separate vote on this amendment.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I ask for a division on
the amendment.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 11, noes 18; no quorum voting.
Mr. SUMNER and Mr. HOWARD called
for the yeas and nays, and they were ordered;
and being taken, resulted—yeas 7, nays 29 ; as
follows:
YE AS—Messrs. Chandler, Edmunds, Foster, Howe,
Morgan. Poland, and Pomerov—7.
NAYS —Messrs. Anthony, Brown, Cowan, Cragin,
Creswell, Doohttle, Grimes, fifuthrie, Harris, Hen-
'dricks, Howard, Kirkwood, McDougall, Nesmith,
Norton, Nye, Ramsey, Kiddle, Saulsbury, Sherman,
Sprague. Stewart, Sumner, T-rumbull, Van Winkle,
Wade, Willey, Wilson, and Yates—29.
ABSENT—Messrs. Buckalew, Clark, Conness, Da-
vis, Dixon, Fessenden, Henderson, Johnson, Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, Morrill, Williams, and
Wright—13.
So the amendment was rejected.
The next amendment reported by the Com-
mittee on Commerce was to insert the follow-
ing as an additional section:
Sec. 27. Andbe it further enacted. That Congress may
at any time alter, amend, or repeal this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was to insert, as an
additional section, the following:
►Sec. 28. Andbeit further enacted, That this act shall
not lake effect unless the Legislature of the State of
New York shall within one year from the date hereof
give its assent thereto.
Mr. HOWE. Before the vote is taken on
that amendment I wish to move to amend it
by striking out "oneyear" and inserting " two
years."
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. That change
will be made if there be no objection.
Mr. POMEROY. If they give their consent
at all, they ought to give their consent before
the work commences.
Mr. HOWE. Yes, sir; they will of course.
It does not take effect until they do consent,
and does not take effect at all unless they give
their consent within the time fixed.
Mr. POME1JOY. Do y.ou propose to legis-
late now and have nothing done for two years?
Mr. HOWE. This amendment proposes, if
it is agreed to by the two Houses, that we shall
do nothing until the State of New York assents.
Whether the two Houses will agree to this
amendment is a question to be considered.
Mr. POMEROY. If you want to defeat the
measure you had better put in "any time
within ten years," so as to put it off.
Mr. HOWE. One of the members of the
committee, I understand, who feels a deep in-
terest in the question involved in this amend-
ment is not able to be in his seat to-day, and
there are some circumstances which seem to
me to make it improper that I should press the
bill forward to a vote when he is absent; and
I therefore ask that the further consideration
of the bill may be postponed..
Mr. SHERMAN. With leave of the Sen-
ator from Wisconsin, I will move to take up
another bill which I am very anxious to get rid
of and have disposed of to-day if possible—the
telegraph bill.
Mr. HOWE. Do I understand that the
amendment which I proposed to this section
is adopted ?
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
"one year" have been stricken outandthe words
" two years" inserted by common consent.
Mr. HOWE. I move to postpone the fur-
ther consideration of this bill and to make it
the special order for to-morrow at one o'clock.
Several Senators. Say Monday.
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator alluded to
may not be here to-morrow or on- Monday;
but by simply postponing the bill, it will be in
the power of the Senator from Wisconsin to
call it up at any time.
Mr. HOWE. I will modify my- motion, and
move that'the bill be postponed until Monday
at one o'clock and be made the special order
for that hour.
The motion was agreed to.
MESSAGE PUOJI TUB IIOUSB.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. Lloyd, its Chief Clerk, announced
that Mr. Samuel Hooper, of Massachusetts,
had been appointed one of the managers on
the part of the House of Representatives at
the conference upon the bill (H. R. No. 513)
to reduce internal taxation and to amend an
act entitled '' An act to provide internal reve-
nue to support the Government, to pay interest
on the public debt, and for other purposes,"
approved June 30, 1864, and the acts amend-
atory thereof, in place of Mr. Justin S. Mor-
rill, of Vermont, excused from service.
The message also announced that the House
of Representatives had passed the following
Senate bills without amendment:
A bill (S. No. 56) granting a pension to Mary
C. Hamilton;
A bill (S. No. 299) granting a pension to
Jane E. Miles;
A bill (S. No. 368) granting a pension to
Margaret A. Parran ; and
A bill (S. No. 314) for the relief of Sarah J.
Purcell.
The message further announced that the
House of Representatives had passed the fol-
lowing bills and joint resolution, in which it
requested the concurrence of the Senate:
A bill (H. R. No. 739) for the relief of Le-
mantha Rader;
A bill (H. R. No. 740) for the relief of Ma-
tilda J. Monroe;
A bill (H. R. No. 741) granting pension to
Jonathan W. Beach;
A bill (H. R. No. 742) for the relief of the
minor children of Salvador Accadi, deceased;
A bill (H. R. No. 743) amendatory of an
act entitled "An act granting a pension to Mrs.
Emerance Gouler;" and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 179) for the
relief of Edgar T. Harris.
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED.
The message also announced that the Speaker
of the House of Representatives had signed the
following enrolled bills and joint resolution;
which were thereupon signed by the President
pr$ tempore:
A bill (8. No. 30) to create an additional
land district in the State of Oregon ;
A bill (S. No. 193) granting lands to the
State of Michigan to aid in the construction
of a harbor and ship-canal at Portage Lake,
Keweenaw Point, Lake Superior, in that State;
A bill (S. No. 219) granting certain lands in
the State of Michigan to aid in the construc-
tion of a sliip-canal to connect the waters of
Lake Superior with the lake known as Lac La
Belle, in said State ; and
A joint resolution (H. R. No. 163) for the
relief of Joseph Parkins.
LINES OI' TELEGRAPH.
Mr. SHERMAN. I now move to take up
the bill which I have already indicated.
The motion was agreed to; and the Senate,
as in Committee of the Whole, resumed the
consideration of the bill (S. No. 357) to aid in
the construction of telegraph lines, and to se-
cure to the Government the use of the same
for postal, military, and other purposes, the
pending question being on the amendment of
Mr. Grimes to strike out in line three of sec-
tion one the words "the National" and insert
"any;" and in lines three, four, and five to
strike out the words "a corporation organized
under the laws of the State of New York, April
16,1866,"and insert"now organised, or which
may hereafter be organized under the laws of
any State in this Union;" so as to read:
That any telegraph company now organized, or
which may hereafter be organized, under laws
of any State in this Union, shall have the right to
construct, maintain, and operate lines of telegraph
through and over any portion of the public domain
of the United States, over and along any of the mili-
tary or post roads of the United States whieli have
been, or may hereafter be, declared such by act of
Congress, and over, under, or across the navigable
streams or waters of the United States.
Mr. SHERMAN.- I have submitted to the
Senator from Iowa another amendment which
accomplishes the same purpose precisely,' but
is in different form, and I suggest to him the
propriety of withdrawing his amendment and
letting the amendment which I have drawn be
adopted in lieu of section four of the bill.
Mr. GRIMES. I am content, at the in-
stance of the Senator from Ohio, although I
do not like his amendment as well as my ori-
ginal proposition, to withdraw the amendment I
moved the other day, and allow the amendment
to be adopted which he has sent to the Chair.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The amend-
ment of the Senator from Iowa is withdrawn.
The Senator from Ohio now offers an amend-
ment, which will be read.
The Secretary read the amendment of Mr.
Sherman, which was to strike out the fourth
section of the bill, and in lieu of it to insert
the following:
That any other telegraph company organized un-
der the laws of the United States or of any State,
for the construction of telegraph lines in different
States or Territories in the United States, may have
and enjoy such rights and privileges as are hereby
conferred, subjectto the same restrictions, conditions.
