1562
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
on Finance, but I think it was never published
and novei- ought to be published by Congress,
and perhaps this resolution for extra copies
will not reach that.
Mr. HENDRICKS. It will do no liurt any-'
how.
The amendment was agreed to.
The resolution, as amended, was adopted.
PASCHAL'8 CONSTITUTION."
Mr. ANTHONY. The Committee on Print-
ing, to whom was referred a resolution to inquire
into the expediency of purchasing certain copies
of the Commentaries of Mr. Paschal on the text
of the Constitution, have instructed me to reporj
it back and ask to be discharged from its fur-
ther consideration, and that it be referred to
the Committee on the Judiciary. This is a legal
document, and it is not a matter that properly
comes before the Committee on Printing. If
the Committee on the Judiciary should think
proper to purchase thesb books—it is not a reso-
lution to print a book, but to purchase copies—
the Committee on Printing might then take into
consideration the subject of ordering any num-
ber of extra copies.
Mr. TRUMBULL. What book is it?
Mr. ANTHONY. It is a Commentary on the
Constitution.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is moved
that the Committee on Printing be discharged
from the further consideration of the resolution
named by the Senator from Rhode Island, and
that it be referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary.
Mr. TRUMBULL. It does not seem to me
that this is a matter for the consideration of
the Judiciary Committee. As I understand it,
here is a resolution referred to the Committee
on Printing directing them " to inquire into the
propriety of purchasing, for the use of the Sen-
ate, a number of the copies of the Constitution
of tlve United States, with the not es of reference
and a complete indei prepared by George W.
Paschal.'' I do not know what, the Judiciary
Committee has to do with a question of that
kind. 1 think the Committee on Printing
might either submit the matter to the Senate,'
or report against, it. There is certainly noth-
ing to be inquired into by the Judiciary Com-
mittee. I object, to its reference to that com-
mittee, and hope the Senate will act upon it
here. 1 cannot see what investigation the
Committee on the Judiciary can make with
regard to it. Certainly it- does not relate, to
the courts of the country iji any respect that I
am aware of.
Mr. KIDDLE. The. Committee on Printing
thought that this matter should go lo the Com-
mittee on the Judiciary as they arc better able
to judge upon such questions than the Com-
mittee oil Printing, and if they consider it
worth printing or purchasing, let, them report
it back to the Senate for the printing or pur-
chasing of the usual number, and if any extra
numbers arc required the Committee on Print-
ing can lake that matter into consideration.
That, is the motive which induced the honora-
ble Senator from Rhode Island, the chairman
of the Committee 011 Printing, to ask that this
subject he referred to the Committee on the
Judiciary, of which the honorable Senator from
Illinois is chairman.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Really I do not think
the Constitution of the United States ought to
be referred to the Committee on the Judiciary
to know whether tliey^vill publish it or not. If
somebody has been making notes upon it, I do
not know what that committee has got to do
with it. It is not the printing committee of
the Senate. I hope the Senator from Rhode
Island will not ask for such a reference of it.
Mr. ANTHONY. The motion that I have
made can be divided. Certainly the Commit-
tee on Printing are not prepared t.o recommend
the purchase of a book with notes upon the
Constitution; but as the matter was brought
before the committee, and as they did not think
they were the proper organ of the Senate to
determine upon the propriety of such a publi-
cation, they thought it had better be investi-
gated by that committee that has charge of the
Constitution and laws.
Mr. BROWN. Why not refer it to the Com-
mittee on the Library?
Mr. ANTHONY. Well, I will say the Com-
mittee on the Library.
Mr. TRUMBULL. Just report it back with-
out, asking that it he referred to any committee.
Mr. JOHNSON. The Committee on the
Library is the proper one.
Mr.-ANTHONY. The Committee on Print:
ing ask to be discharged from its further con-
sideration. Let that motion be put, and then
it may be referred to any other committee that
the Senate choose. *
Mr. GRIMES. Let us take it up and act
upon it now.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The former
motion is withdrawn, and it is now moved that
the Committee on Printing be discharged from'
the further consideration of the subject.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRIMES. Is the resolution now before
the Senate ? If so, I move to postpone it in-
definitely, so as to get rid of it.
. The PRESlDENTpj'o tempore. It is moved
that the further consideration of the snbject.be
now indefinitely postponed.
The motion was agreed to.
USE OF HALL FOR A LECTURE.
Mr. WILSON. I submitted a motion yes-
terday in the form of a resolution to grant the
use of the Hall on next Tuesday night to Mrs.'
M. C. Walling, the floor to be used for Senators
and Representatives and their families.
The PRESIDENT It is moved
to take up the motion submitted yesterday that
the use of this Hall be granted to the lady
named by the Senator from Massachusetts 011
Tuesday night next under the circumstances
mentioned by him.
Mr. CON NESS. I hope the Senator will
not press that. It is very well known that
the House of Representatives have had to
desist from giving the use of their Hall for
such purposes to any one. The offenses com-
mitted need not be named here; desks have
been broken up ; and the practice has had to
be stopped. The Senator accompanies this
motion with a condition that the floor be re-
served for Senators and members of the otlior
House and their families. I am opposed to an
exclusive aristocracy in this country, composed
of Senators, members of the House, of Repre-
sentatives, and their families. A Senator's
family and the family of a Representative are
110 better than .the families of other citizens in
the capiral. They are not, I think, under such
circumstances, entitled to any increased privi-
lege, and it would be offensive to the public
judgment to so entitle them by resolution to
be passed by ourselves.
'! he honorable Senator cannot resist appli-
cations made by the other sex, I fear, and I
must only attribute to his gallantry, to the ease
and gentleness with which he retires before
pressure of this character, the motion that he
has made. However pleasant it might be to
vote with him on the subject. I know of- nothing
further to say, except.that I regret that the
motion is pressed here in this body. It is a
practice that cannot be followed, and I hope
will not be carried.
Mr. WILSON. I simply made this motion.
T have not pressed it quite so strongly as the
Senator from California has opposed it. I
suppose he is made of sterner stniif than I am ;
he is of a harder nature, and I supposed it
would have hi^ opposition. The question is
before the Senate whether they will grant the
use of the Hall for this lady to lecture in on
Tuesday night. She is a refugee from Texas,
a resident now, I believe, of the State of Illi-
nois, and has been accustomed to lecture, and
would like the use of the Hall for that-purpose.
I took the suggestion that was made to me to
meet the-poiut that the Hall might be abused
or anything of that kind, and to prevent that
it is declared that, it shall be used solely for
members of the two Houses and their families.
That will fill the Hall-; the galleries will be
used by other persons.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. It is now
moved to take up the subject named by the
Senator from Massachusetts, the motion hav-
ing been laid on the table yesterday by him.
The motion was not agreed to.
FORT HOWARD MILITARY RESERVE.
Mr. HOWE. I move that the Senate pro-
ceed to the consideration of Senate bill No.
168.
The motion was agreed to; and the bill (S.
No. 168) to provide for the disposal of certain
lands therein named was considered as in Com-
mittee of the Whole. By its provisions the Com-
missioner of the General Land Office is author-
ized to cause to be sold at public auction all
the unsold lots of that portion of the public
domain known as the Fort Howard military re-
serve, which is situated in the cou.nty of Brown,
and State of Wisconsin, giving not less than
two months' notice of the time and place of
such sale, by advertising the same in such news-
papers and for such period of time as he may
deem best. Every lot is to be sold separately
to the highest bidder for cash, and when not
paid for within twenty-four hours from the time
of purchase, to be liable to be resold under the
order of the Commissioner of the General Land
Office aforesaid, but 110 sale to be binding until
approved by the Secretary of the Interior.
'The first amendment of the Committee on
Public Lands was in section one, line four, to
strike out the word " sold'' and insert "offered;"
so that the clause will read:
That the Commissioner of the General Land Office
be, and he is hereby, authorized to cause to be offered
at public auction all the unsold lots of that portion
of the public domain known as the Fort Howard mili-
tary reserve.
The amendment was agreed to.
The next amendment was in section one, in
line fifteen, after the word "aforesaid," to
strike out "but no sale shall be binding until
approved by the Secretary of the Interior,"
and to insert "at such reasonable minimum as
may be fixed by the Secretary of the Interior;
and no sale shall be binding until approved by
that officer;" so that the clause will read:
Every such lot shall be sold separately to the high-
est bidder for cash, and when not paid for within
twenty-four hours from the time of purchase, it shall
be liable to be resold under the order of the Commis-
sioner of the General Land Office aforesaid, at. such
reasonable miriimum as may be fixed by the Secre-
tary of the Interior; and no sale shall be binding:
until approved by that officer.
The amendment was agreed to.
The bill was rejiorted to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments were concurred
in.
The bill was ordered to be engrossed for a
third reading, and was road the third time, and
passed.
COURTS IN CALIFORNIA AND LOUISIANA.
On motion of Mr. HARRIS, the bill (S. No.
179) in relation to the district courts of the
United States in the State of California was
considered as in Committee of the Whole.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The bill
will be read..
Mr. HARRIS. The Committee on the Ju-
diciary have reported an amendment, which is
to strike out all of the bill after the enacting
clause and insert a substitute. It will only be
necessary to read the substitute.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. The words
proposed to be inserted will alone be read,"
unless some Senator calls for the reading of
the original bill.
The words proposed to be inserted in lieu of
the original bill were read, as follows:
That the southern judicial district of the State of
California and the western district of Louisiana shall
be, and the same are hereby, abolished, and hereaf-
ter the said States shalt respectively constitute one
judicial district, and shall respectively be called the
districts of California and Louisiana. The district
judge, marshal, and district attorney for the United
States for the northern district of California and the
western district of Louisiana shall respectively pos-
sess and oxercisc the same powers and jurisdiction in
said district courts of California and Louisiana as
