•8*2
APPENDIX TO THE 'CONGRESSIONAL. GLOBE.
[February 3*
Ho.-of Reps.
JFreedmen's Bureaiv—Mr. Charder.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
them, they were so regardless of orders and instruc-
tions that ail obedience was at an end, and the result
was that, although they had a direct interest in the
crop, but little, comparatively, was made. In many
instances the ink was scarcely dry on the contract
before its terms were violated, and no kindly advice,
or threat of punishment by the provost court, could
induce them to the pursuance of a course which was
demanded, as well by the engagements which they
had in writing assumed, as by a sense of their own
benefit and welfare. Employers were generally yield-
ing and quiescent, for various reasons, and forbore to
trouble the authorities with complaints which were
apparently not'of much consequence in themselves,
but when considered in relation to their influence on
thocrops, were serious and important. They had been,
told by th'o soidieis, and had heaid reported from
speeches of persons in high authority, that they were
to have lands given to them, and this idea of sudden
acquisition of property for which they had not toiled
seemed to be almost the only one which absorbed all
theirconsideration. Things thuseontmjied untilnear-
ly the close of the year. VYrappedupuithisconeeitof
soon possessing lands, they declined making contracts
for the coming year, and appeared to prefer contract-
ing with any one rather than with their former mas-
ters—though not inclined to contract at all—under
the id'^a, I suppose, that they would not be regaided
as really free unless they left the service of their for-
mer owners.
At the incoming of the new year, although they be-
came satisfied that they'were not to get land from the
Government, they still appeared to bo chary of con-
tracting, and are now wandering about from place to
place, with no settled views, hoping that something
bettor may " turn up'J for them. Of com so there are,
here and there, exceptions to tho class thus referred
to. In some instances you may find them reasonable,
and disposed to do that which is right, and to make
such provisions for thcirfamilies as would be dictated
to them by a proper sense oi duty.
Whether in tho South ciops can bo raised by vol-
untary labor of the colored people is an experiment
which icmains lobe tested; and it will take more
than a year to solicit. The delirium which possesses
the freedmen, induced by their sudden freedom, must
pass away, and must be succeeded by tho sober sec-
ond thought ot cool and unmliamed judgment. These
people have always had some one to think for and
to take care of them; to guard them against the cold
of winter and thoheat of summer; tosuppiythemnot
only wita food and clothing, but with medical attend-
ance, and to teui'h them, in fact, how to take care
of themselves. My apprehension (E trust not well
founded.) is that they will not work during the pres-
ent year, even if they make engagements; for itap-
poars, beyond doubt, that theycannot.be impressed
with any regard as to the observance of a contract,
even after they assume it* When this is the caso,
what con you expectas the result of labor, when that
labor can only be secured and compelled through the
medium of a contract, which one of the parties thereto
holds in utter disregard? Education may do some-
thing, but the fruits of this culture can only be made
apparent in time to come. In tho interim, whatis to
become of the tree? It must live, and nothing can be
looked to for its preservation but its proper culture
and training by the white man, under the kind aid of
Providence. To this end I feel satisfied thotour whole
people will contribute, inspired by tho duty which
they hare assumed in theirrenewed obligation to our
common countiy, tho United States. I do not mean
to say that here and there you may not iind a stub-
born spirit who cannot recognize things as they are,
and who, smarting under tho sudden loss of his prop-
erty, can only appreciate, by being taught, the duty
which ho owes to this new class of society, tho ireed-
mon. These instances, I am glad to say, are rare.
Our people, as amass, I am gratified to acknowledge,
are not only resolved, but ardently so, to yield a per-
fect obedience to tho proper authority of the United
States. Whatever wrongs they supposed they suffered,
they trusted to the nrbirrament of the sword. If it is
a bitter umpiie, it is, however, a decisive one. As
such f hey feel and reco-jnizo it. The award lias been
against them, and they accept the new condition of
things not only as a necessit.v, but as the terms of a
conquest, to which they acceded. They have thus
pledged their honor " to stand the hazard of thedie:"
and to thathonor.they will be true. I regard the peo-
ple of this State as deposed, to a* lull an extent as
are those of New York or Ohio, to yield a ready acqui-
escence to the authority of the General Government.
Our futures arc now one, and so must be, and are,
our hopes. Oar offorts will be to contribute all in our
power to the permanent happiness and prosperity of
our common country.
Hon. J". "VY. Cuanler.
have from these letters a statement of
the white mail as to the condition of things at
the South. The practical working of the Freed-
men's Bureau is there impartially and honestly
given. The honorable gentleman from Ken-
tucky [Mr. Rocsseatj] in his argument to-dav
against this bill confirms, from personal expe-
rience, all that has been stated through these
letters.
Now, sir, it seems to be a proper question for
the philanthropic element of this House to ask
who arc the downtrodden sufferers in the south-
ern States. Are the poor whites or the poor
negroes most in aeed of charity, protection, and
support by the* General Government? Time,
common sense, and the development of truth
will remove the difficulties and dangers which
now balk the work of- reconstruction. I have
confidence in the President of this Union, and
in the honest patriotism of the masses, North
and South. Had I not such confidence the fu-
ture of this country would to my mind be $ sad
one. Sickly sentimentality and pseudo-philan-
thropy will never restore harmony, sympathy,
and friendly intercourse between the different
sections of the country. As a specimen of the
course pursued by some of the United States
officers in charge of the Freedmen's Bureau, I
insert the following, taken from the Boston Com-
monwealth, Februarys, 1800. The only public
schools of Charleston formerly usedforthepoor
white children have been takeu possession of by
the Freedmen's Bureau for the black children.
"With that explanation the address of the brave
general will be more fully appreciated:
"Farewell to General Saxtox.—The colored
people of Charleston and vicinity gave General Sax-
ton a very touching instance of their lovoand appre-
ciation on the occasion of his leaving that department.
Resolutions were passed and several articles of table
use, in silver, presented, purchased from their vol-
untary contributions. The children of the colored
schools added a copy of tho Bible, aprayerand hymn
book, and a photographic album. Addresses were
made by Ilcv. J. C. ttibbs, Samuel Dickinson,'for-
merly a slave, a Mr. Coffin, and Gcneial Saxton. Tho
school children sung several appropriate hymns. The
general's address was as follows:
"My friends—-Men and women of Charleston—Chil-
dren of tho public schools—Fellow-citizens of the
United States of America: I thank you for this beau-
tiful and unexpected testimonial of your affection. I
know how ill you could afford it, and I herefore it is a
thousand times more precious to me than would bo
those gifts which tho rich, out of their abundance,
give to successful heroes. I have heard how those
little school children dropped in their mite, all that
they had, to give me a parting gift of affection; and
while it pains me to take aught from them, still,
remembering that it is more blessed to give than to
receive, I fee! pioud and happy to be tho recipient of
this gift, which I shall treasure always; and, when
my work on earth is ended, if worthy to receive it, it
may be the brightest jewel in my crown.
"In the four years I have spent in South Carolina,
I can truly say that I have tried to be faithful to the
defenseless ones committed in so large a measure to
my keeping. God m His infinite wisdom only knows
how I have fulfilled my trust. I acccpt thisbeaatiful
testimonial as tho verdict of your approval.
" In saying a last good-bye, I have only to ask you
to overlook my errors and short-comings, and to give
me your blessing and your prayers. Wo all have our
trials, even in thisday-dawn of liberty, whenthe whole
horizon seems lighted up with bright hopes for free-
dom. But we must strive to bear them bravely, so
that if we have the cross we may be fit to wear the
crown of glory. I have no words to express my feel-
ings to-night. I can only say I thank you, and bid
you a last good-bye."
character op this bureau.
The present bill is a step further in the direc-
tion of usurpation and unlawfulness which gave
rise to the original bill of the Thirty-Seventh
Congress. The original bill was limited and
sectional, the creature of a war policy, and by
a reason-consistency put under the control of
the Secretary of War. That necessity has ceased
with the war. This bureau is now to become a
land office for the sale and renting of public
lands, for regulating labor, and controlling, or
rather excluding, foreign immigration. It will
spread its net over the whole Union to catch the
unwary or intimidate the cautious laborer who
may wish to settle on tho public lands. It will
strike at the root of our national wealth and
political economy by interfering with the question
of wages a nd labor in every S bate where it may he
established. It has failed ro be a benefit to either
white or black man or to meet the expectations
of its friends in any valuable degree of useful-
ness. It is not only not self-supporting but
wasteful, and promotes dishonesty and monop-
olizes land speculation.
objections*
There are many objections to this bill already
fully presented and urged by strong arguments
by the members who have preceded me. I have
not heard all the arguments advanced, but so
far as_ my knowledge of the debate goes the
objections to the bill have not been met by the
friends of the measure.
From my own point of view, t object to the
bill as unnecessary, unconstitutional. It usurps
powers fatal to representative government; it
is partisan in its character; it interferes with
legitimate trade; checks and diverts immigra-
tion by special legislation; it strikes at State
limits and State sovereignty ; it seeks to con-
trol the relation of labor and wages to the in-
jury of white labor-throughout the Union; it
will control the sale and rent of lands by ex-
ecutive interference; it overrides State laws reg-
ulating property and protecting vested rights;
it establishes an unconstitutional, unwarranted
court of judicature of doubtful powers and of a
dangerous precedent; it overrides civil govern-
ment by military dominion ; it destroys the muni-
ments of common law, and violates the express
provisions of the Constitution, which secures
to every citizen a fair and impartial trial by
jury; it makes the negro a slave again to the
local commissioner, who has an arbitrary power
over the most sacred rights of person and prop-
erty : it is made to regulate the interests of the
people of the South who are not represented
here in the manner to which they are entitled
under the Declaration of Independence and the
provisions of the Constitution, which assert the
inalienable right of the governed to be repre-
sented in the administration of Government;
it is exclusive in its character, surrendering
lands, and providing homes, clothing, and food
for the black man alone, at the expense of the
white laborer, who has to earn his wages, land,
and support by the sweat of his brow; it pro-
motes idleness, the parent of every vice and
crimc; it is not philanthropic, but partisan,
sectional, and subversive of all the principles
of well-ordered society ; it establishes a class
distinction fatal to the dignity of labor, through
the local land agents, who can become the
petty chiefs of the ignorant and docile negro
subjected to their control; it stirs up the nat-
ural antipathies between the races, should any
white men so far degrade themselves by ac-
cepting the condition of temporary serfdom
established by this bill; it entails great and un-
necessary expense on the Government at a time
when the strictest economy should be the prac-
tice of the Government more than at any other
period, in face of the immense national debt.
The bill does not meet the requirements of
the freedmen. Three million acres set aside
for the purpose of this bureau would settle three
hundred and seventy-five thousand persons out
of four and a half millions, or about one person
in twelve of the whole number. If these four
and a half millions are consolidated in one body
it is practical colonization, and should be left
to the same laws which regulate the migration
of the white race, if the black race are to be
scattered over different portions of the States
named in the bill at the will of the local agents,
the conflict in every relation of life must spring
up between the white and black settlers* against
the fatal consequences of which the bill will bo
n© protection. Nor can any amendment to the
bill protect the refugee, whom it would invite
to struggle single-handed against a "sea of
troubles."
Tho bill is too indefinite as to time, and leaves
the culture of cotton, which is one of the main
sources of national wealth, without security and
without any certain prospect of improvement.
In one word, while the bill proposes to regu-
late labor by stringent provision, it practically
throwslabor in the southern States into greater
agitation than it has ever before known. It
disturbs the relations which free, intelligent
labor has always established for itself. 'The
-bill protects ignorant black labor against a fair
competition with the white immigrant. •
I will endeavor to present the objections to
this bill more in detail, section by section, even
at the risk of repetition.
an act to enlarge powers of feedmen's bureau.
Section one strikes down State limits.
I>e it enacted by the Senate and House of Jiepresent-
(itivcs of the United, Stcites of Autevioci in Cqiiqtchs as-
sembled.That the act to establish a Bureau for the
Relief of ireedmen and Refugees, approved March 3,
