3482
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
months in the year are burdened already'as
great as they can bear, without the additional
purchase of any other telegraph line. There
is nothing in this bill. It is simply prospect-
ive in its character, for an ideal company that
may be hereafter organized, or one that now
exists. The National Telegraph Company that
ask to do this have not a rod of telegraph any-
where, and they never will have one. It is
simply an effort, I repeat—I am glad that my
friend from Iowa has knocked that feature out
of the bill—to get an indorsement of a New
York charter by Congress to make the exist-
ing companies buy them out. I do not pro-
pose, for one, to be a party to any such spec-
ulation. It will be time enough to legislate for
additional telegraphs when companies really
propose to build them.
Mr. CONNESS. The position of my good-
natured friend from Nevada, as I understand
it, is this: in the first place, that the present
company is a monopoly of such a character that
we never can get any other line but it; that no
matter how many we create by legislation, the
existing monopoly will buy them out, and there-
fore it is useless to provide for creating any
others, for this mammoth corporation will
immediately include them; as my honorable
friend from Massachusetts would express it, in
another connection, the principle of inclusion
will occur and be rendered practical. The next
position of the Senator from Nevada is, that the
fresent monopoly furnishes facilities enough.
understood him to say that distinctly. I sub-
mit that those propositions are inconsistent with
each other. First, he declares that the exist-
ing monopoly is sufficient to destroy all other
companies and imposes so many burdens on
us that we can bear no more, but to induce the
establishment of another line will only result in.
the monopoly buying up that other line, and
we shall be taxed for that additional purchase-
money in the cost of dispatches.
Mr. SHERMAN. We have provided against
that purchase.
Mr. CONNESS. I understand that. I have
not come to that part of the bill.
Mr. NYE. Will my honorable friend allow
me to ask him where this telegraph is proposed
to be built?
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator, I think, does
not understand the scope of the amendment
of the honorable Senator from Iowa. If the
amendment now pending be adopted, this bill,
so far as we can authorize it, authorizes the
formation of companies everywhere or- any-
where, and confers all the powers and privileges
that an act of Congress can confer, for carrying
on the telegraph business. For that reason 1
am in favor of it; and I confess that [ cannot
understand the consistency of the honorable
Senator's argument.
Mr. NYE. Will yoff allow me to explain?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly. _
Mr. NYE. My point is this: that every
kiting charter like this one—I speak of the
National Telegraph Company as an illustra-
tion—that has not a rod of telegraph, that pro-
cures its charter for the mere purpose,of
selling it out, with no intention to build, in-
creases the tax upon every one of us that has
to use that telegraph, for this additional pur-
chase is counted in as the cost of the line, and
we have to support it with its additional cost.
I hope the Senator will understand that. It
is like adding freight to the purchase of goods.
That is just what it is; it all constitutes the
cost.
Mr. SHERMAN. I should like to read in
this connection the names of some of the men
who are engaged in this business, to show that
they are not men of straw. I should like to
show the character of the men who have been
denounced by the Senator from Nevada as un-
dertaking this as a speculation. I have had a
list furnished to me of the men who are engaged
in this enterprise. The first is Frederick Pren-
tiss, who is estimated to be worth $4,000,000.
Mr. NYE. And he will be worth another
million dollars by the sale of this telegraph. '
Mr. SHERMAN. Then there is Mr. Holla-
day, who is running the overland express across
the continent. I have a list here of men from
all the different States engaged in this business,
who arc going into it as a matter of fair and
legitimate competition, showing that they are
men of the very highest character, many of
them the leading merchants of Boston, Phila-
delphia, and New York. I will state further
that this bill contains an express provision that
they shall not sell out their franchise.
Mr. NYE. Unless with the consent of Con-
gress.
Mr. SHERMAN. They can do it by eon-
sent of Congress; but that is avoided entirely
by the amendment of the Senator from Iowa,
which now makes the privilege general; so
that if they do sell out any other company
can step in and enter into this competition.
The truth is, that it is a matter of absolute
necessity to provide for some competition with
the existing company. Mr. Holladay, who is
running this overland route, cannot build a
telegraph wire along the line of his route with-
out the assent of Congress, because it goes
through three Territories and two States, and
he is liable to be stopped at any moment by a
rival company. He cannot cross a navigable
stream. All these new companies have arrayed
against them, not only the present powerful
corporation with a capital of $50,000,000, but
they have arrayed against them the grants
made by repeated acts of Congress to this
company; because this company now repre-
sents not only $50,000,000 of capital, but all
the powers that have been given since the
organization of telegraphing to the various
companies that are now combined in one.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to inquire what grants have been made by Con-
gress to telegraph companies?
Mr. SHE RM AN. T have a list of them here.
There is quite a number of them. From 184G
up to this time there have been several acts of
Congress granting powers to different tele-
graph companies, all of which are now ab-
sorbed in this one company.
Mr. HOWARD. Yes , sir; granting powers
undoubtedly; but where is the statute grant-
ing them public lands ?
Mr. SHERMAN. I have it before me; it
is familiar to every Senator here. We gave to
one of them §40,000 a year for ten years, and
we gave them a quarter section of land for
every station ; and this one company now owns
all these vast powers. We gave them a quar-
ter section for every station of fifteen miles.
My friend from California knows more about
that than I do.
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator refers to the
overland route.
Mr. SHERMAN. Yes, sir; but they are
all now absorbed into one company.
Mr. CONNESS. And the State of Califor-
nia gave the same company $6,000 a year for
ten years.
Mr. SHERMAN. All that this bill does is
to give by a general law, to all the companies
that may be organized for the purpose of com-
peting with this monopoly, a very small moi-
ety of the privileges conferred on and already
exercised by that company. This proposition
was not originally the one upon which the
select committee of the Senate raised to con-
sider the subject desired to act. They pro-
posed, in the first place, to authorize the Post-
master General to contract forthe telegraphing
of the United States; but the Postmaster
General thought that at present the measure
would be too expensive; and we therefore
introduced this hill simply to beget competi-
tion, knowing that it could do no harm. The
Government gives up nothing, but, on the
other hand, retains important advantages and
privileges; among the rest, the right in the
Postmaster General to fix the price to be paid
by the Government for all dispatches sent by
Government officers. I may state now that in
the miscellaneous expenses of the Govern-
ment hundreds of thousands of dollars are
now paid to this existing monopoly for tel-
egraphic dispatches by all the various officers
of the Government. This bill provides that
for all messages sent by the Government, or by
any officer of the Government, or to any officer
of the Goverment, the Postmaster General shall
have the right to prescribe the rates. • Now
those rates are regulated by the company. In
every view, therefore, this bill, if it is ever
acted upon, will be for the benefit of the Gov-
ernment. The only doubt I have is, whether
by the privileges conferred by the bill, the
new companies can compete with the old one.
If they break down in the effort, it is not our
loss ; if they succeed, by the very act of com-
petition and by their very success, they will
necessarily reduce prices. Further, we save
to ourselves the right at anytime to step in and
assume these telegraph lines. I beg pardon
for interfering with my friend from California.
Mr. CONNESS. The Senator occupies the
the floor always with more profit to the Senate
than I do.
The argument of my honorable friend from.
Nevada sounds to me very much like that, of a
Senator who was opposed to any competition,
although that is not asserted by him. He as-
sures us with great confidence that there can
be no competition; that we may provide for
organizing, or encouraging the organization of
as many lines as we please, and yet the pres-
ent monopoly will include them all, and there-
fore we should do nothing of that kind. I sub-
mit, while I have no doubt that it is not so, that
if the present monopoly desired an argument
made in the Senate in their favor, the Senator
has made just such a one as they would choose
to make. I cannotconceive howa Senatorfrom.
the Pacific coast, at least, should not be in
favor of any and every provision that proposed
to encourage the establishment of rival lines.
There is no tax so burdensome upon us at the
present time as the tax imposed by the tele-
graph monopoly. Not only is it a monopoly in
point of the charges that are imposed, but, as
we happen to know, it is a monopoly in other
respects of far more consequence and impor-
tance. They are enabled to control the com-
mercial transactions of both sides of the con-
tinent by their control over a single line of
telegraph. I know of an instance that came to
my knowledge, while we were sitting here dur-
ing the past winter, of a land case decided in
the Supreme Court, in an adjoining chamber in
this building; and the decision was no sooner
known to be rendered than the telegraph was
seized and made use of by men engaged in its
ownership to carry out a great speculation on
the Pacilice coast before the result of that
decision should be known.
Mr. NYE. My friend will allow me to ask
him whether the number of telegraphs will
lessen that opportunity.
Mr. GRIMES. I wish to inquire of the Sen-
ator from California whether that telegraph
.dispatch was sent in anticipation of its regular
order ?
Mr. CONNESS. Certainly.
Mr. GRIMES. Then I trust the Senator will
at once introduce a bill to take away the gra-
tuity we have agreed to bestow on that telegraph
company.
Mr. CONNESS. Mr. President, I shall first
address myself to the inquiry of the honorable
Senator from Nevada. Ho inquires, shall we
not be subject to like acts if competition be
created? I do not mean to say anything to
the contrary of the proposition that a noble
man cannot do an ignoble act, and that an ig-
noble man cannot but by chance do a noble
act; and therefore, whether we have one or
more lines, if they are in the control of bad
men, they will be badly controlled and directed;
but, sir, the chances of the public, in all re-
spects, for fair dealing, are increased by the
establishment of rival lines. The Senator need
not be told that, for he very well understands it.
I am not a little surprised that there should
be any opposition, particularly from our coast,
as we familiarly speak of it, to a bill which
now proposes to offer all that the national au-
thority can give in the way of inducement for
the establishment of rival lines. The great diffi-
