1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2523
of arms could put it down ; and the Baltimore
convention pledged themselves to the country
that no other weapons should be used, and
when it was put down it followed as a sequence,
in* the just judgment of the members of that
convention, that "the punishment duo to their
crimes" should be " awarded to the rebels and
traitors arrayed against it."
Mr. President, the distinguished Senator from
Wisconsin three times thanked God during his
speech that Andrew Johnson existed and held
the office that he does. I shall three times three
times thank God if he carries out the provis-
ions of the Baltimore platform as expounded
by himself. I suppose one reason for thank-
ing God was the clear vision with which he
saw his duty; and I am going to read now his
own understanding, when that platform was
fresh before him, of its meaning; and either
President Johnson entirely misunderstood its
moaning then or the distinguished Senator from
Wisconsin does not interpret it truly now. In
accepting the nomination for "V ice President of
the United States, Mr. Johnson said:
"The question is whether man is capable of self-
government. I holtl, with Jefferson, that Govern-
ment was made for the convenience of m;i.n, and not
man for Government.. The laws and Constitution
were designed as instruments to promote hi--, welfare.
And hence from this principle I conclude that Gov-
ernments can and ought to be changed and amended
to conform to the wants, to the requirements, and
progress of the people and the enlightened spirit of
the age."
Sir, I hold that as the announcement of a
great and living truth. I do not suppose that
it ever entered into the heads or hearts of the
framers of that glorious instrument, our Consti-
tution, that it was never to be altered, amended,
or changed to meet the wants and exigencies
of a progressive and advancing people. If
it has so entered into the heart of my distin-
guished friend from Wisconsin, why does he
boast now of being the foremost and first advo-
cate of amending that instrument so as to keep
pace with the progress of the times? .So far,
then, 1 indorse most cordially that sentiment
which seems to be in union with the music of
the times. But to proceed:
"And lot me say that now is the time to secure these
fundamental pi inciples, while the land is rent with
anarchy and upheaves with the throes of a mighty
revolution."
What greater truth could be announced than
that? And the Senate will remember that this
is all tinder the authority of the Baltimore plat-
form, as understood by its expounders.
" While society is in this disordered state, and wo
arc seeking security, let us fix the foundations of the
Government on principles of eternal justice which
will endure for all time."
Most, heartily do I, ranking among the radi-
cals of this body—and I venture to speak for all
who are thus designated—indorse the sentiment
of the President of the United States.
" But in calling a convention to restore the State,
who shall restore and reestablish it?"
A pregnant inquiry; and he answered it:
"Shall the man who save his influence and his
means to de-tioyihc Government? Is he to partici-
pate in the great work of reorganization ? Shall he
who brought this mi;-cry upon the State be permitted
to control iK de.-tinies ! If this be so, then all this
prcciou-i blond of our brave soldiers and officers so
freely poured out will have been wantonly spilled ; all
the glorious victories won by our noble armies will
go for naught, and all the battle-fields which havo
been sown with dead heroes during the rebellion will
havo been made memorable in vain."
Again let me pause to give in my most cor-
dial and hearty adherence to that doctrine.
""Why all this carnage and devastation? It was
that treason might bo put down and traitors pun-
ished: Theicforo I say that traitors should take a
back seat in the work of restoration."
Again let me say that I most cordially con-
cur in that; and that is the question that is
now really under discussion. Let the traitors
take a back seat, said the President. Sir, that
sentiment was echoed frorn every hill-top and
•hrough every valley of this nation. So said
Congress then, and so says Congress now.
"Traitors to the rear," according to the
order of the Commander in-Chief. The Com-
mander-in-Chief of the Army and Navy orders
yon to the rear; and why does the Senator from
Wisconsin beckon them forward? "Traitors
to the rear; back seats; " is the order of the
Commander-in-Chief of this great nation.
"If thero be but five thousand men in Tennessee
loyal to the Constitution, loyal to freedom, loyal to
justice, these true and faithful men should control
the work of reorganization and reformation abso-
lutely."
Will the distinguished Senator from either
of the States I am now addressing tell mo why
these men should be allowed to partake in the
great work of reconstructing all these States
when Mr. Johnson at that day said they should
not be allowed to aid in the work of reconstruc-
tion in a single State? This was carrying out
the ^nirit of the Baltimore platform. He went
upon the doctrine that " while the letter kill-
cth, the spirit maketh alive." He had drank
what the distinguished Senator from Wiscon-
sin, from his remarks made upon it, seems
never to have tasted, the spirit of the Baltimore
platform; and speaking m that spirit ho de-
clared, Traitors to the rear; back seats; you
shall not bo allowed even to aid in reconstruct-
ing Tennessee, though there be not five thou-
sand loyal men in the State." Exactly right
was the President then. Around that little
nucleus, charged with the spirit and living lire
and zeal of the glory of our institution, would
have gathered and clustered an army of Union
men as resistless in its march as the army of
the Potomac when led by Grant. But, sir, in
an evil hour—and I propose to turn the Sena-
tor from Wisconsin exactly to the point—that
•doctrine was departed from, and I shall ex-
amine now with entire fairness what [ think
led to the departure from that doctrine.
Sir, 1 am not through with this oracle. To
what I shall now read I call the attention of
his distinguished champions here;
" I say that the traitor has ceased to be a citizen,
and in joining the rebellion has become a public
enemy."
So say I; so says every fair-minded man,
that the traitor ceased to be a citizen ; and in
addition, so says the voice of the intelligent
woild ; so says the law, before whoso majesty
the distinguished Senator from Pennsylvania
bows with such respectful deference always.
Sir, that enunciation was from the very fountain
of truth. It welled up; it was the gushing of
an honest-spoken sentiment, and it received an
echo everywhere on this continent. What, sir,
has it come to pass in fact that a man can be
red-dyed with treason one day and washed as
white in the waters of loyalty as the lamb the
next? Away with reading your miraculous
conversion of Paul! Sir, that miracle would
ccase to be quoted if this theory were adopted
here—a miracle in view of Almighty power, a
miracle in view of the just understanding of
mankind, a miracle in the eyes of justice, and
an overthrow of every principle of law. What
did he mean by this? He said to traitors,
'' Your garments are red with the blood of trea-
son," and he gave the same direction that was
given by Elijah to the proud prince of old, ''Go
wash seven times in the waters of Jordan, and
be healed." So I say to these traitors, go wash
seven times seven in the waters of loyalty, and
be cleansed.
But, Mr. President, I am not quite done with
this speech :
"I say that the traitor has eeascd to bo a, citizen,
and in joining the rebellion has become a public
enemy. He forfeited his right to vote with loyal men
when he renounced his citizenship and sought to
destroy our Government."
Sir, human lips never uttered a more striking
truth than that. That again awoke an echo in
every heart, and raised and elevated the world's
hope. Was it true then ? If so, it, is true now,
and will remain true through all coming time.
But I am not quite through:
"We say to the most honest and industrious for-
eigner who comes from England or Germany to dwell
among us and to add to the wealth of tho country,
'Before you can be a, citizen you must stay here for
live years.' If we are so cautious about foreigners
who voluntarily renounce their homes to live with
us, what should we say to the traitor who, although
bom and reared among us, has raised a. parricidal
hand against the Government which always protected
him?"
If language is to be understood at all in its
usual signification, that means this, and no
more, that no man who had been engaged in
this treason should have a less probation than
the foi'eigner. So say I, and so says Congress.
"My judgment is, that ho should be subjected to a
severo ordeal before he is restored to citizenship."
So said an afflicted continent; and to what
ordeal has he been subjected? I speak what
is^ patent to tho world, and what is recorded
history to-day, when I say that the only ordeal
to which he has been subjected is to have been
under tho special charge and kind care of a
most indulgent and magnanimous Administra-
tion. Who would havo believed from these
utterances that Lewis E. Parsons would have
been made provisional governor of Alabama—
a man who partook, in the darkest hour of our
trials, in the legislation of the State of Ala-
bama, introducing resolutions which I had here
the other day in my hand denouncing in the
most unmeasured terms the loyal citizens of
this country ? And yet the ordeal to which he
was subjected was to receive a commission to
go down and be doctor-in-chief of a disease
which he had diagnosed most thoroughly, re-
bellion, treason. He knew every bone, artery,
fiber, vein, that pervaded it, for he had treated
every one of them. Oh, what an ordeal that
was to pass! And a severer, ordeal still was
to receive his salary for it, out of money that
you and I are taxed to pay, and that, too, with-
out taking the proscribed oath by Congress 1
Oh, how Parsons must have suffered ! What
a change in "my policy" from before till after
election ! I have no doubt, however, that the
distinguished Senators to whom I am address-
ing the most of these remarks will be able to
explain it. [Laughter.]
" A fellow who takes the oath"—
I beg the Senator's attention to this—
"A fellow who takes tho oath merely to save his
pro;peitv, and denies the validity of the oath, is a
peijuied man, and not to be trusted."
lie knew of what manner of men he spoke.
So said the President of the United States;
and, remember, all this time he was accepting
the Baltimore platform as his guide. Now,
there is a change, whether for the bettor or the
worse we shall see by and by.
"Before those repenting rebels can be trusted let
them bring forth the fruits of repentance."
Aincn. That is precisely what Congress has
said all the time: bring forth fruits meet for
repentance; come here in a spirit of repentant
submission; come here as the sinner should
come; come as the felon should come; ac-
knowledge your crime, and though your sins be
as scarlet wc will make them white as snow.
Is that the way they come? No. sir. The
distinguished Senator from Kentucky [Mr. Da-
vis] told us the other day what lie would do if
he were President; he would call up pro forma,
the rebels who have been elected to Congress,
and if he were President he would regard them
as such. We -n ho echo every sentiment which
1 havo read are to be driven from these Iialls
to make room for these anything else than
repentant rebels. Their second state is worse
than their first. I know not whom that distin-
guished Senator echoes, but I have seen in
nearly every print of the South, I havo read in
prints in this city recommendations that this
high priest should dispose of this "irregular"
Congress, that have no better indorsement than
a loyal people, to make room for those whoso
skirts smoke now with the blood of this rebel-
lion. I know not what may come. I enter-
tain no particular fears for myself. If that
issue come, let it come, and an outraged peo-
ple will settle the question very quickly. Sir,
if the votaries of treason havo not had victims
enough, let them invade these Halls and vic-
timize the representatives of a great people.
They are, it seems to me, more voracious than
the grave, more unsatisfied than tho horse
leech's daughter that cried "Give," "Give,"
till there was no more to give. They are not
satisfied with passing by the countless new-
made graves; they demand additional victims
here ; that this Hall, so sacred in the recollec-
tions and in the history oi the country, shall
be made to run with loyal blood to make room
