3484
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
the amount which the company should charge
for a message.
Mr. SHERMAN. For the Government.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. No; to any person, A
message of a given number of words.
Mr. SHERMAN. You are mistaken.
Mr. NYE. I liad no recollection about the
law, and sent for it. I have it here, but have
not had time to examine it; but I know from
what is calculated to make a more lasting im-
pression than the reading of the section of the
statute—from practice and habit—that it costs
$7 50 to send ten words 
Mr. CONNESS. Seven dollars and eighty
cents.
Mr. NYE. Seven dollars and eighty cents
to send ten words from San Francisco to New
York or Washington ; and from Carson City,
where I reside, the price is the same, although
that is three hundred miles nearer. Now, sir,
if the Senator from Ohio, with his acute legal
mind, will set himself to work to control the
prices upon these old lines, he wilt do his
country a substantial service; but I repeat, in
my judgment, he never can effect it by this bill
for a line which only exists in fancy, the pur-
chase of which will increase the capital of the
present monopoly, and every time the capital
is increased the price for telegraphing is in-
creased.
Mr. STEWART. Mr. President, all the
telegraph companies of the country have com-
bined, and have formed a most oppressive,
monopoly. They have now their rights and
their charters. It is very clear that there is
no power in Congress to reduce their prices.
All the companies which have obtained spe-
cial privileges from Congress have been bought
up or consolidated, thus creating a vast mo-
nopoly, which is acknowledged to be oppress-
ive. The simple question is, is there any rem-
edy, and if so, what? To reduce the charges
every lawyer knows is impossible. They have
their contract and their vested rights. The
question is, is there any remedy for high prices
against a monopoly ? I believe but one rem-
edy has ever been discovered for such a case ;
and that remedy is competition. The only
way to reduce fares upon railroads is to build
more railroads. The only way to reduce the
charges of telegraph companies is to build
more telegraph lines.
No more telegraphs can be.built across the
public domain unless we grant privileges in
soma way. If we grant special privileges to
particular companies they will sell out, as they
have done before, and become a part of a mo-
nopoly. If we grant these privileges to whom-
soever will build a line, and these gentlemen
in New York organize a company, there will
be no great object in buying them out; because
if they were bought out somebody would organ-
ize another company the next day, and so on.
So long as you grant special privileges, so
long will they continue to buy them out; but
if it is free to all the world to build telegraph
lines, and the present arrangement is a mo-
nopoly charging high prices, the enterprise of
the American people will devise a remedy.
The commercial interests of the country, the
men who are oppressed by it, will constantly
combine to make other lines. There would
Be no use in buying them out, because an-
other combination could be formed the next
day. The business community throughout the
entire country is interested in the question.
I believe in competition. There can be no
other remedy devised but building other tele-
graph lines. There is no other way to prevent
these companies from selling out, except by
conferring the privilege on all who choose to
do so to build these lines. Suppose we had
the power, and should grant a special privilege
to a company to navigate the ocean between
here and England. You might grant the same
privilege to a hundred different corporations
by name, and they would soon be swallowed
into one and become a vast monopoly; but
while the ocean remains free companies are
constantly organized and competition exists.
I say that the privileges that this Govern-
ment can grant to corporations for the pur-
pose of telegraphing, for the purpose of con-
veying information, should be as free as the
air to competition. Your American Company
sold out to your Pacific Company. They would
not have bought the American Company if it
had not had special privileges, because other-
wise another company could have been formed
the next day. If we can open the door and
make this free, there are commercial interests
enough to build the necessary lines of tele-
graph, and the evil will then cure of itself. It
is not true, if we are to be governed by the
history of these transactions, that the monop-
oly will still grow more and more oppressive.
It will reduce its charges in view of the fact
that exorbitant charges increase the liability
of the organization of new companies. Pass
this bill, and the charges of this monopoly will
be reduced to-morrow; or if they remain as
they are, the business men of New York, Bos-
ton, and every other city will unite to build
opposition lines. The very fact that you pass
this bill, making this business free, granting
no exclusive monopoly to one company, will
induce the reduction of the present charges.
If the charges remain as they are the people
will build more telegraph lines. I believe the
mere fact of passing this bill will do good and
reduce the charges. If they intend to retain
their present monopoly, it must be a reasona-
ble monopoly, and they must be reasonable in
their charges, because if this company contin-
ues to oppress- the business community that
business community has the wealth and enter-
prise to build more linear
I would not vote for a special privilege to a
company of this sort. I am in favor of the
amendment offered by the Senator from Iowa.
I think this bill would be of very little use with-
out an amendment to make it free to all; be-
cause I believe that if we organized a single
company for this purpose, it would sell out to
the present monopoly, and thus add probably
to the cost of transmitting dispatches. You
might grant this privilege to an individual
company every year, and still they would sell
out before the next year, and probably make
money, and the result would be to increase
the burdens of the country; but if it is free to
all, and we keep it free to all, the laws of trade,
and the laws that govern competition, will bring
telegraphing within reasonable rates, and that
within a reasonable time. The interests at
stake in this matter are too vast, too impor-
tant, to allow them to be at the mercy of a single
corporation.
Mr. HOWARD. I cannot vote for this bill
as I understand it. I understand that the Na-
tional Telegraph Company is a private corpo-
ration created within the past few weeks by the
Legislature of the State of New York. It is
not pretended that the company have taken a
single step toward establishing a line of tele-
graph anywhere within the United States. All
they have is the parchment charter granted by
the State of New York under the great seal
of the State; and at present that is their only
corporate property, if I am not misinformed.
They have not bought a pound of wire, nor a
post, nor a spade, nor employed a single agent
or laborer to commence work anywhere within
the wide world. The bill itself does not des-
ignate any place where the contemplated line
of telegraph shall commence or where it shall
end; and for aught that appears in the bill,
the company, when it shall have received the
benefits contemplated by the bill, may at once,
by the consent of Congress, sell them out to
the present monopoly, and that monopoly will
acquire the right to construct another line of
telegraph lying right alongside of the one which
they now occupy and use; or they may con-
struct a line somewhere else; but if they should
become the purchasers they would probably
be shrewd enough to understand that their
right is to construct another line of telegraph
side by side with the one which they now own
and use; and in doing this they would have
the right to take all the material they should
find necessary for its construction and growing
or being upon the public domain of the United
States, where their line should happen to be.
They are authorized, in the language of the
bill, to preempt a quarter section of land, that
is, one hundred and sixty acres, at each and
every one of their stations. The number of
their stations is not given; the distance which
they are to be from one to another is not pro-
vided for, and for aught that appears in this
bill, the corporation would have a right to
preempt a series of one hundred and sixty
acre lots wherever they could find them lying
along in a range or in a row touching upon one
another. They have a right to put a station at
every mile or every half mile on their entire
route, and to enter upon and occupy and use
this public land as their own, in fee-simple,
clear across the continent, without let or hin-
derance. That is the effect of the bill, whether
we treat the bill as being for the benefit of the
National Telegraph Company, or of some other
company, with or without a name.
What I object to particulai-ly in this bill is
its entire looseness, its generality. It fixes no
beginning and no terminus to the line which is
in contemplation ; and it is just as easy for the
present monopoly to purchase it and to unite
it and consolidate it with the existing line, and
thus unite the two interests, as it is to pass this
bill through Congress. All this may be done,
and easily done, without removing in the slight-
est degree the oppression under which the com-
mercial community is now laboring arising from
the high price of telegraphing. I must confess
that the bill looks to me like an undisguised
attempt on the part of this new company, that
owns not a dollar of corporate property, to
acquire important and valuable rights and val-
uable lands belonging to the United States
merely for the purpose of selling out its charter
to some other company, and making a large
profit out of the operation. Why not fix the
line? Why not say to this company, " If you
accept the land and the other privileges granted
by the bill commence your line at'such a place,
run upon such a parallel of latitude toward the
Pacific coast, and terminate it at such a place;
if j-ou will do this, we will grant you these
privileges ; if you will not, we withhold them?"
That would be to institute a competition, as it
seems to me, between the existing monopoly
and the corporation about which we are speak-
ing. As the bill now stands, whether it be
amended or not according to the suggestion of
the honorable Senator from Iowa, granting
this so-called privilege to any and all compa-
nies, I cannot vote for it, for I do not think that
amendment makes any difference whatever, or
in any degree removes the objectionable feat-
ures from the bill.
Mr. WILLIAMS." Iam not so well satisfied
with this bill as I was before it was amended.
Mr. SHERMAN. The amendment is still
pending.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I supposed that the amend-
ment had been adopted. I am advised that it
has not been adopted.
The PRESIDING OFFICER, (Mr. Clark
in the chair.) The pending question is on the
amendment of the Senator from Iowa.
Mr. WILLIAMS. I am satisfied with the
bill as it now stands, and prefer it without the
amendment proposed by the Senatorfrom Iowa;
but if that amendment be adopted, as I pre-
sume it will be, I shall still vote for this bill,
and hope it will pass. I think that this bill, or
some such bill, is necessary for the transaction
of the business between the Pacific coast and
the Atlantic States. I think that the present
line of telegraph is not sufficient to do the
business that the people require to be done,
and that the construction of other lines is ne-
cessary for commercial purposes, and that their
construction will not only promote the com-
mercial interests of the country, but they are
necessary for the protection of the people.
Persons living on the other side of the conti-
nent who have occasion to send messages by
telegraph know something about the burdens
imposed upon the people by the pi'esent com-
pany, It costs ten dollars in gold to send a
