1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
501
is over the people are purged. When the war
is over it is too late to say that the people are
guilty. They have suffered the penalty of their
folly, ov their crime, or what.you may be pleased
to call it, and it is lime then to talk about indi-
viduals, not people. As I said before, the man
who assails awkolepcopleassailsthevcryfoun-
dation of our Government, the very stones which
underlie its corners, and proclaims to the world
that the people are not what our ancestors sup-,
posed they were, that they lack that virtue ne-
cessary to sustain such a Government as this.
Mr. President, that is not true, and it is not
true of the southern people to-day. During the
war for the rebellion, it was questioned whether
after the war was over and after we had sup-
pressed the rebellion the people would respond,
whether they would come back again to their
allegiance and be part and parcel of the Union
as before. I say it. was questioned whether they
would do so. Have they not done it? The
result is a thing of which every American who
loves his country and who prides himself in
this great Itepublic should be proud of. If the
southern people, after their armies were beaten,
after they had lost everything in this-game of
war, had refused to organize republican gov-
ernments in unison with the Constitution and
the laws, if they had still stubbornly refused to
submit, if "they bad refused to send Representa-
tives to Congress and Senators here, then you
might have said that the people were in default
and that the people had failed; but in my judg-
ment those people have not failed ; they have
done, so far as I can observe, everything that
the most hopeful or sanguine man could have
expected them to do. I am afraid that we con-
found with the people of the South another and
entirely different class. We are constantly told
of the traitors and the rebels of the South; and
unquestionably there are traitors and there are
rebels there, and I would a great deal rather
see them indicted and punished than hear so
much about them.
Who are rebels and traitors? Who are guilty
men according to the theory of our law? The
presumption is, that all men are innocent until
they are shown to be guilty. Every line of our
law is blazing with the light of that humane
sentiment. The words "traitor" and "rebel'1
are exceedingly glib upon the tongues of certain
gentlemen. A few minutes ago, it was alleged
here that even-v man who cannot take the pres-
ent test oath must necessarily be a rebel or a
traitor. Mr. President, if that delusion is per-
sisted in, if that belief is to govern in the coun-
cils of this Government, there is an end nf the
Bepublie. It is not true in fact,, and it is not
true in law. Let us see how that is.
In the fall of 1800 a certain number of per-
sons in the sonthern States proposed secession.
" How many? Were all the women in it? Were
all the children in it? Were all the men of both
parties in it? No man who knows anything
about the facts dares say any such thing. There
were a few conspirators who for thirty years
had been weaving their web of treason, and they
had procured their election to the high places
all through the South. They were in possession
of all the departments of the State governments
in the South, except in Maryland,_ Kentucky,
and Missouri; and by the by at this_ point let
me note that wherever they were not in posses-
sion of all the departments of a State govern-
ment they invariably failed in their scheme of
secession.
These conspirators having made themselves
governors and legislators and judges, alter the
election of Mr. Lincoln, at a time when all the
people of those communities were mortified,
angiy, in ill-humor because they had been
beaten at a previous election, when Bell men
and Douglas men and Breckinridge men were
all in the same category, they proposed seces-
sion. Did everybody assent to it ? I beg gen-
tlemen to read the history. In no State in the
Union whore the people were consulted fairly,
except perhaps one, did the scheme of seces-
sion meet with the approbation of the people.
Who was to resist secession ? "Who was to re-
sist the governments of those States when tliey
determined upon it? We hear a great deal
about this Government being obliged to guar-
anty a republican form of government to every
Slate in the Union. Who was the guarantor
of those governincuts ? Who was bound to see
that they did not go astray into secession and
to protect the people as against it? The Gov-
ernment of the United States, and it is well
that we note it now ; it. is well that we turn and
look there, because history will record that it
was the United States of America that should
have protected the people who opposed seces-
sion in South Carolina and other States of the
South.
Let us see how they did it. The Congress
of lSo'J-GO-Gl was in session here, and what did
it do to protcct the people of the seceded '-States !
Did it do as Mr. Lincoln afterward did with-
out an act of Congress, call out the militia.'
Did its members attempt to throttle the thing
in its inception? No, sir, they played at poli-
tics here in the Capitol, ami the President played
at politics at the other end of the avenue, and
what was the consequence? The majority of
the people of the South, or of the seven cotton
States, were left v. itliout a single representative
of the United States to whom they could look
for protection; the United States* Government
suffered itself ignomiiiion^ly to be put out of
Possession of all those Slates except the two
liitle forts of Pickens and Sumter. 1 should
like gentlemen to tell me what a Union man in
Georgia was to do under circumstances of that
kind. Do gentlemen pretend that single men,
without an organization, without any Govern-
mental means, without any of the insignia of
power, can stand up and resist the government
of a State with all these means in its hands of
enforcing its power? Surely not; and there
was no other power in this Government except,
the United States to which they could look, and
the United States went out of possesion and
left those people to the mercy of secession.
Mr. President, for two hundred years at least
the doctrine has been established, and estab-
lished beyond question, that piotcction and alle-
giance aie lcciprocal. I owe allegiance to this
Government, and it owes to me protection. If
it refuses to protect me. I am not to be punished
bccausc I do not yield it allegiance. Let me
suppose a delegation of Georgians, of Alaba-
mians, or Mississippians, if you please, Lnion
men, coming here to this capital in the winter of
1SC0-G1, and calling upon Congress, and say-
ing, ''South Carolina has actually seceded;
other States are about doing the same thing;
you should appropriate money and prowdc
means, you should authorize the President to
put down that attempted rebellion." What did
Congress say? I'ead the recoid. Tliev would
not trust the President. Then the delegation
go to the President, and what does he say "I
cannot coerce a State; I might suppress an
insurrcciion. but I have no means; I have no
authority to call out the militia." Anybody that
wants to" know what Mr. Buchanan has to say-
on that subject, 1 recommend him to read Mr.
Buchanan's book, recently published, in which
his side of the case is put forth. 1 suppose, with
as much strength as it i < capable of being.
What weie these people to do? I put this to
Senators here honestly upon thur consciences,
what were these loyal men !o do who were here
at that time; who, when they voted upon the
ordinances of seeesaon, and on the calling of
convcnt ions to pass those ordinances, in valuably
voted agaimtihem ; what were they to do'' Just
exactly what they did do. '} hey went bad; and
told their people. :' There is no help Irom the
Uni'od States; they are out of possession ; the
Presidentisreealcitrant. and Congress is wrang-
ling and refusing to trust him; we cannot have
help; we must submit." Then Mr. Lincoln s
Government came in. and things were in such
a shape that, for six weeks the present party in
power, of whom Mr. Lincoln was the head, was
unable to determine whether or not it would put
down that rebellion. There it hung in the bal-
ance, a hair almost being sufficient to determine
it. It was not determined until the rebels them-
selves determined it by firing upon Fort Sumter.
And the moment that first gun was fired every-
body knew what to do, and there was only one
thing to do; nobody could have done anything
else. Then we went to put down the rebellion.
What for? Was it not to fulfill our guarantee and
to do the thing that Mr. Buchanan and the pre-
vious Administration ought to have done ? \V as
it to conquer these people ? If it was, what right
hadwctoconquerthem? Gentlemen frequently
refer to the Declaration of Independence, and
take from it a very doubtful phrase, of which
they make a great deal; but there are phrases iu
it about which there can be no difference. One
of them is, that, the right to govern comes from
the consent of the governed. We went there
because we knew that secession was against the
will of the governed there, so far as wo could
determine. Yvre went there to rescue men who
| were desirous of standing by the Union audits
flag, and not to enslave them. We went there
to biing them back to a Government which in-
- sured them their rights, and not to a Govern-
ment which would take those rights away.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I should like to ask
my friend from Pennsylvania a question, with,
his permission.
Jlr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. FESSENDEN. 1 should like to know
if I understand the Senator rightly to argue that
if all the people of those States had been in
favor of secession we should have had no right
to interfere with them, but should have been
bound to submit to their action.
Mr. COWAN. When that question arises—
and I was afraid at one time it would arise—
then I will answer.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But it arises now 
Mr. COWAN. No, sir.
Mr. FESSENDEN. The Senator argues, if
I understand him, that we went there for the
simple reason that a large portion, if not the
majority of those people, did not wish to secede,
and were opposed to secession. Now 1 put the
otherside : suppose thewhole or about the whole
had wished to secede, do I understand him to
argue that we should lmvc had no right to go?
Mr. COWAN. The gentleman cannot entrap
me off the position on which I stand, and get
me to arguing other and very dillerent ques-
tions. 1 will ask the gentleman one question,
' and perhaps he will answer it. I ask whether
\ yon did go there to conquer them, whether you
went there to take awayr their rights or to main-
tain their rights.
Mr. FESSENDEN. If necessary, in order
to suppress the rebellion and restore thepower
of the Government, certainly to conquer them.
i I luue no doubt of that.
ilr. COWAN. The gentleman has answered
| his own question, and as he has answered it
; himself, and I have no quarrel with him, let it
ipass; but the question does not arise. These
: people were not, the whole of them, in favor
: of secession ; and I refer the gentleman to a
1 chapter in Mr. Greeley's book, in which the
| facts on that point are all collated foi the ben-
j ei'it of Senators and others, and it is very well
j done. There were more than one half of them
| who were opposed to it. Y hat I object to^ is,
that that bal'i' should now bo branded as crim-
inals when the only thing criminal they did was
1 to get into difficulty and into war, desolation,
and destruction, because we, the Government
' of the United States, did not do our duty in
j that behalf.
! Now, I come to the law. I say this is the law;
! it is not only common sense; it. is not only com-
mon reason, common justice, and common hu-
manity, but it is the law, and all legal gentlemen
here know that it is the law: if the General
Government allows itself to be put out of pos-
| session, so that it cannot protect a citizen, and
a ilc facto Government is over him, whatever he
j| does in obedience to that cle facto Government,
1 and under its authority, is not treason. Does
i; anybody undertake to deny that that is the law?
j! Mr. FESSENDEN. Grant it for the sake of
'! argument.
I! Mr. COWAN. No, but for the sake of the
| j truth. That is the law. Then I say that no mau
ii is a traitor who 
