1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3485
telegraphic dispatch of any kind or description
from the city of Portland to Washington; and
I suppose that the prices correspond between
Washington and the intermediate points. I
think that some means should be devised to
reduce this imposition and burden upon the
people, and this bill tends in that direction.
It may not accomplish all the purposes that the
people desire to have accomplished, but it cer-
tainly will have some effect in assisting another
company or other companies to establish a line
in competition with the present line of telegraph
'across the continent.
Now, sir. the Congress of the United States,
as I understand, has given its countenance and
support to one company. Is there any reason
why Congress, if it desires to be fair and just
in this matter, should not give its countenance
and support to other companies ? Why should
one company claim the exclusive right to enjoy
the favors of the Government as the present
company does at this time? I think* that the
passage'of this bill will assist other companies
in the construction of telegraph lines across the ^
continent; and the objections that are made to
this bill seem to me to have very little weight.
If a corporation was to be organized without
any restrictions, the probability is that the pres-
ent company would purchase that company,
purchase out its rights, its privileges, or its
charter, and so destroy all competition. But
there must be some way, it seems to me, by
which competition can be established; and if
there is any way, the most feasibte way would
seem to be by an act of Congress organizing a
company or companies to construct another
line, and forbidding that line from transferring
its rights or privileges to the company now in
existence, if that remedy fails, then, accord-
ing to the argument that has been submitted,
it seems to me that there is no remedy, and the
entire country must forever submit to the bur-
dens imposed upon it by the existing monopoly.
The present company has been character-
ized by all thai have spoken on the subject as
a very gr^at monopoly. If it be such, it seems
to me it is the duty of Congress to take some
steps to destroy that monopoly, or, at any
rate, to alleviate its burdens upon the people.
The objection that the companies organized
under this act may sell out, seems to me to be
an objection that ought not to prevail here.
In the' first placc, Congress is constantly organ-
izing corporations that have no railroads, no
telegraphs ; that have not engaged in the busi-
ness for which they were organized. The ar-
gument is, that because some particular cor-
poration in the State of New York, which was
named ill the original bill, is not engaged in
the business of telegraphing at this time, there-
fore 110 additional powers or privileges should
be extended to it. That argument would
defeat every bill that is proposed in Congress
for the organization of a corporation to con-
struct a railroad across the continent, or for
any other purpose; because Congress is con-
stantly organizing companies that have not
engaged in this kind of business.
Mr. NYE. Will the Senator allow me to
ask him a question ?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. NYE. Were you a member of the select
committee on this subject?
Mr. WILLIAMS. No, sir.
Mr. NYE. There has never been in the
annals of our legislation so sweeping a corpo-
ration as this, to construct a line of telegraph
everywhere, wherever they please, and at "every
station they are to get lands. There never was,
in my judgment, such a corporation as this
formed. If gentlemen are afraid of a monop-
oly let them look at the title of this bill. I
wish to make tins inquiry of the Senator: if
this bill passes, will it authorize the National
Telegraph Company to construct telegraphs in
the United States wherever they have a mind
^Mr^SIIERMAN. Let me ask the honorable
Senator, where is the objection to allowing tele-
CTduh companies to extend their telegraph lines
anywhere in the United States? Would 3ou
not like to have them extended to every man's
homestead if it could be done? Why not?
Then my friend must remember another thing,
the National Telegraph Company is stricken
out of the bill, and any company, he himself,
may embark in the business.  
Mr. NYE. Then of course this bill, if it
passes at all, will consist simply of a single sec-
tion, saying that any telegraph company exist-
ing, or that may hereafter exist, may run a
telegraph in the territory of the United States
anywhere, and get this land.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is the general priv-
ilege. Any telegraph company organized in a
State may run the wires anywhere along the
post routes. They may take them to every
man's door, if they choose, if it will pay.
Mr. NYE. The title of the bill is "to incor-
porate the National Telegraph Company."
Mr. SHERMAN. The Senator has not got
the bill at all. He has got some other bill.
That is the hill that was sent to us.
Mr. NYE. That is the bill I have.
Mr. SHERMAN. 1 thought the Senator was
talking about something that was not before us.
This is "a bill to aid in the construction of
telegraph lines'' 
Mr. NYE. The bill that I have is a bill
reported by you from the committee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I did not report any such
bill. The title of the bill that I reported is,
" A bill to aid in the construction of telegraph
lines, and to secure to the Government the use
of the same for postal, military, and other pur-
poses."
Mr. NYE. Look above that. "In the Sen-
ate of the United States, .lime 7, IMG._ Mr.
Siiekmax, from the select commit lee on incor-
porating a National Telegraph Company, re-
ported the following bill, which was read and
passed to a second reading. A bill to aid," &e.
Mr. SHERMAN. That is true. The bill
sent to the committee was to organize a par-
ticular company; but we laid that aside and
reported this bill for general purposes.
Mr. NYE. That is what! want, to know.
Three hundred and fifty-seven is the number
of my bill. What is the number of yours?
Mr. SHERMAN. The same.
Mr. NYE. Then I guess I am right about
it. It is a child of your begetting, and I am
a little surprised that the Senator should dis-
own it.
Mr. SHERMAN. The bill referred to is not
the bill that we reported back.
Mr. NYE. This is your bantling, and is
stamped as yours.
Mr. SHERMAN. Not at all. That bill was
referred to the special committee of which I
was chairman, and we reported back another
bill. The Senator lias been talking about a bill
that is not before us.
Mr. NYE. Not at all. I have got the same
number, and it purports on its face to come
from you, as a member of theselecl committee.
Mr. WILLIAMS. 1 am not particular aslo
the form of the bill. I am prepared to go for
any bill that appears to me to be constitutional,
and as this bill is the only one that has been
submitted, I am willing to take it, either in its
original form or as the Senator from lowapro-
poses to amend it. I am in favor of any bill
that will strike at the existing monopoly in
telegraphing in this country, for I think it is
necessary that some effort should be made on
the part of Congress to put down this monop-
oly and to protect the interests of the people
"There are only two objections made that 1
have heard to this bill: one was stated by the
Senator from Michigan, and the other by the
Senator from Nevada. The objection made
by the Senator from Michigan is, that the com-
pany named in the original bill has not yet
engaged in the business of telegraphing, and
therefore this bill ought not to pass: as though
Congress could pass no bill authorizing any
company to construct tel egraphs across the con-
tinent unless that company at the time the bill
was passed was engaged in that business. In
answer to that objection, I have to say, in the
first place, that it is evident to my mmd that
this will not be the end of this jjroject, from the
fact that men of capital, men of enterprise, and
men of energy are taking hold of this business,
and because it has become obvious to the whole
country that another telegraph line across the
continent is necessary and will be profitable to
those who invest their capital in that enter-
prise.
Mr. HOWARD. Allow me to call the hon-
orable Senator's attention to the last clause of
the first section of Senate bill No. 357, which,
I believe, is the one under discussion, in which
it is said that the company "may preempt and
use such portion of the unoccupied public do-
main through which its said lines of telegraph
may be located as may be necessary for its
stations, not exceeding one quarter section for
each station." Who is to judge of the neces-
sity of taking land? Plainly, the company.
What then is to hinder these companies or all
of them from squatting upon every foot of the
public domain belonging to the United States,
whether lying within the limits of a State or
within the Territories? If they see fit to mul-
tiply themselves so as to become an uncounted
number of squatters, they can take the entire
public domain of the United States by way
of making telegraph lines all over the United
States. Is Congress prepared to give such an
enormous privilege as this? And what is to
hinder one single company from taking a series
of one hundred and sixty acre lots upon a line
lying in one direction, and then another series
of the same lots lying adjacent to the former
lots? The whole "public domain might, in this
way be absorbed by these uncounted telegraph
companies. Does the honorable Senator from
Ohio, who has so vigilant an eye over the
public money and public property, feel willing
to grant these privileges to telegraph compa-
nies? It seems to me to bo utterly absurd. If
you are going to make a line of telegraph state
in your charter or in your act of Congress where
it is to begin and wdiere it shall run and where
it shall end, so that the public generally may
understand what the privileges arc which you
are granting, and not give a roving, unlimited
commission to a dozen, fifteen, twenty, or a
hundred, or a thousand telegraph companies
to pervade the entire public domain and absorb
it all by way of preempting it for telegraph
companies.
Mr. W1LLIAMS. I find thelanguage of this
portion of the section to which the Senator
objects to be as follows:
And raid corporation shall have the riffht to take'
anil use from such public domain thenccc^ary atone,
timber, anil other materials tor its posts, piers, sta-
tions and other noedlul uses in the con-itruclum,
maintenance, and operation of said lines ol telegraph,
and may preempt and use such portion ot the unoc-
oupicd publicdunisuu through winch its said lines ot
telegraph may be located as mav bo necessary lor its
stations, not exceeding one quarter section for each
station.
These companies are authorized to preempt
and use such portions of the unoccupied public
domain as may be necessary for the construc-
tion of their telegraph lines not exceeding ono
quarter section for each station.^ I think that
there is no danger that the public domain will
be absorbed by the construction of these tele-
graph lines, for there is no human probability
that more lines will be constructed across the
continent or upon the public domain than will
probably pay those persons who may invest
their capital in such lines. Is it probable that
there would be a line run over every section of
the public land lying between the Atlantic
States and the Pacific coast! Is there any
ground for any such apprehension! I he busi-
ness of the country may sustain two or three
lines, and it would bo of advantage to the peo-
ple concerned, on both sides of the continent,
if large portions of the public domain were ap-
propriated to the construction of these lelcgi apli
lines, and I do not believe that I he public lands
could be applied in a inoi e useful manner than
for the construction of these telegraph lines.
I believe in the application of the public lands
to the construction of railroads and telegraph
lines, and there is no way in my judgment m
which the public lands of the country can bo
