1866.
THE (CONGRESSIONAL GLOB®,
urn
of a Legislature meet in joint convention to elect a
United State? Senator they arc merged into one, and
act as one botly, so that an election my.y be cffi-cted
the eiitire vote ofrhe mcmbci's of one Houj-c
if the peison voted for r<;m\ o the requisite number
of voted from the members of the other. It boms,
then, settled that the two Hoiipcs of a Legislature in
ioint meeting assembled constitute the Legislature,
vested by the Constitution of the United States with
authuiity, acting as one body, to el«;ct a Senator, the
question is, did the joint mceUrp- ot the Senate and
General Assembly of New Jersey, duly convened, in
pursuance of a resolution previously eoncuired in by
cach House separately, choose John P. Stockton Uni-
ted States Senator?
- That it was competent for a plurality to elect, if a
law to that effect had been preset ibed by compucnt
authority, will hardly be ixiu^tiuiiort. Tins is the
rule very generally, if not universally, adopted m
the election ot members ot the House *ol Beprcscnta-
tives, who are "thoscn every second year by the peo-
ple of the several States," and no one questions the
validity of the election of a Representative by a plu-
rality vote when the law authoiizcs a plurality to
eleut. It is, however, insisted, and truly, that no law
of New Jersey authorizes a plurality to elect. The
laws of iXew Jersey are silent 011 this subject, but
they do authorize a joint meeting- of the two Houses
of the Legislature to appoint a Senator, and it has
been the uniform practice of this joint meeting since
the foundation of the government lo piotcnbc the
rules for its own government. These rules as to the
number of votes necessary to effect an election have
varied at different tunes, sometimes requirint? a ma-
jority of all the members elected to both llousvs of
the Legislature, sometimes a majority only ol those
present, and in the case under consideration only a
plurality. , ,
Suppose, under the rule first stated, but mem-
bers had been present in the joint meeting, and 40*
had voted lor the same person, would he lutvo been
elected? And if not, why not? Seventy nme out of
SI would have constituted a Quorum, and ij) would
have been a majority ol tho^e pieseut. Hie only
reason whytuieli avotewould not haw nnideanolee-
tion, would bo the existent e ot the lule adoprod hy
the joint meeting, declaring that "no candidate
should be elected unless receivum a. majority of the
\ oto of ail the memSun> elected to both 3 louse,- ol the
Legislature '' While that lule was in toree.no pie-
sklins officer would have thought of declaims a can-
didate elected, nor woiild any candidate have sup-
posed lmn.selt elected, becau-o he i ecei\ ed a majority
ot the votes cast, unless such majoritj was am.ijoj-ity
of all the members elected to tin* Legislature. Under
the oihei mie, "that a pcieon receiving a majority
of the votes of tho^e pn^ent should be declared
elected," who would doubt the validity oi an election
by ol out ot Co votes, ii only so many had boon ea-t i
li thejoint meeting had the right Lo prescribe, at one
time, that it should ie<juirc a majority of all elected
to the LctfMatuio to elect, at another tune that a
majority oi those present mi^ht <U\t, and at still
another time that elections nu<rht be had by accla-
mation, it had the mlit to prescribe thai a plurality
should elect; and when any candidal reined a
plinnlity he thereupon became elected, not simply
by the will oi those who voted for him. but by the
will of thejoint meetmp:, which had pie\iou !>, by a
majoiity vote, r«jsol\cd that such jduiahty should
elect. . . , ,
It might be urged m this ease, with mueh puiu°i-
bility. that inasmuch a^ the ron-iitution <u >> ew J er-
sey l'ceogni/.c-i the two Ifoutes in joint meeting .n a
Legislature. that such iomt_ meeting Avas the ^eiy
body on whom the Constitution oi file United rotates
had conferred the powir to presciibe "the times,
places, and manner oi holding elections tor >^ena-
toib:" but your committee prefer placing the au-
thontv of the joint meeting to pie^nbe the plural-
ity ittlc on the broader ground, that in tho absence
of any law cither ot Connies.- or the tSiafo on the
subjcct, a joint meeting oi the, two Houses oi a Legis-
lature, d,i!v ;i-seitibled .tin! vested with autliouty to
electa Cniiod Stau^ S'-nator, ha* a l igilt to pi cm nbe
that a pluiality may eh d, on tli^ pnncipie that tne
adoption ot such a i ale 1>> a majoi it \ vote ni the his1
instant c makes the u"t t.ub-c<iuemly <louc in pur-
sunrce ol such majontv-v ote it-o-.mi.
The committee recommend tor adoption the tol-
lo\Mn.g ic-oliition:
That John P. Stockton was duiy elected,
and is entitled to his heat, as a Senator from the
State of New Jersey, lor the term ot six years from
the 4th day of Man h, ISi'io.
Mr. CLAKK. I ask that tho memorial of
members. of the Senate and House of Assembly
of'the State of New Jersey protesting against
the admission of Hon. John P. Stockton to a
sea! in the L'nited States Senate fts a Senator
from that State may l>n road, if there he 110
objection
The Seereiary road it, as follows :
^ Trfxto\, Ne\t Jersey, March 20,1S(>G.
To the Smote of the United Stateh:
The subscribers, members of the ^enatf and liou-e
of A'-scmbb of the State oi Now Jersey, roapectiuliy
^Thiit ihev protect against the admission to the Sen-
ate 'if the United SUP e^. as Senator iiom N ew J<-isey,
oi Hon. John i*. St0. kt.m.on the <rr mud tHt he v ,s
>101 n pj>' tailed tliereio bj a nuijonty ot tiie \ole«oi
the ionit laeetin1; <«f the Legislature.
He was declared elected alter th^^iollowtnH v<ue:
"i-or John P. Stockton -)') vote-; Jo!iu L. JVvCk
37 voter-; James \V\ Wall i vote; Petu H \100m 1
vote; .F. T. Frehnghuysen 1 vote; Ileury b. Little i
vote.
So that only 40 votes were cast m his favor, while
11 votes were given against his election.
Immediately previous to th© election the joint
meeting, bv a majority of one vole, rescinded a reso-
lution previously adopted, declaring that a majority
ot all The meuibeis ot the Lcgisiatuie wererequiied
to elect any officer, and passed a resolution that only
a plurality should bo necessary to*&choice. Hence,
31r. Stockton, 011 the vote above given, was declared
elected Senator. That resolution, it is respectfully
submitted, was unlawful.
The Constitution of the United States, the laws of
Now Jersey, and usage hitherto uninterrupted, re-
quixc that no one shall represent a State in the Uni-
ted States Senate unless he be "chosen by its Legis-
lature," which means, we submit, at least a majority
of what constituted the Legislature as convened at
the moment of the election.
These words, contained in the Constitution of the
United States, article one, section three, really con-
trol the whole matter. Should a Legislature make a
different rule, it would be inoperative: much more,
if such rule were no State law, but a simple resolu-
tion. , ,
This being so, we submit that, 111 order that any
particular person may be lightly spoken of as " cho-
sen" Senator, his name should have been designated
as such by all the members of the Legislature present
in ioint meeting, or by a majoiity ot them. It is so
in reteicnce to all bodies ot individuals, public or
private. P.utnei ships lule by majority; so do boards
of trustee*, common couneilmen, the Legislature it-
self, in passing buys. The rule is universal whenever
the creatine power does not otherwise specify.
There can be 110 reason lor a different rule in rela-
tion to this matter than that of the law as to corpo-
rations aggregate. The will ol such corporations is
that of all of the membeis or of a majority of them.
The rule is founded 011 the law of nature, and it is
settled that in such corporations where the principle
ol election is not spcciticd in the charter, it requires
a majority of the corporators: in elections of civil
officers, it is sometimes otherwise; but that is in con-
sequence ot positive law, made by leason ol the dii-
tleulties attending the icquisition of a lull majority
upon a popular vote. And the same law of nature
which decide?, that a majority of a collective body
shall express its will, decides, likewise, that hail or
1( than hall shall not.
That a maioiity a^ree that a minority may choose
the Senator is nothing. The act required is the C011-
eunence ol the mind ot the body in the choice, ?. c.,
the designation "1 a pai ticnlar mdi\ idual as Senator.
The ■coiicinrcnec of a minority leavi s the majority
non-< oncuirent whether they formally dissent or not,
and the. man named wnot the choice ot the majority,
whu h the Constitution says lie shall bo when it de-
elai 0* tha* he shall be " chosen by tlu Legislature."
While this is the law, even shouhlthe Leg-Mature
make a contiarv one. the next itomt, we urge is that
the Legista! ui e have by law 1 equired the same thing.
The "Constitution ol the United States provides
f'.uuc'e one. se< tion loin) that "the times, places, and
manner of holding elections for Senatois and Repre-
sentatives shall be prescribed in each State by the
Le'yi.-latuie Uiercot." Under this anthouty the Logw-
latiue ol Xow Jer-ey have pa^ed lawsin relation to
the Senators and ItcpiCscntatives.
In the ia^e ot llepresentatnes, they have pro-
\ idud that the person lnuiug the mcate^t number
of vet"- chilli be elected. In the case ol Senators,
that the\ "shall be appointed by the Senate and (xen-
eral Assembly of thin Stale in joint meeting assem-
bled."
They do not here declare that, the person having
the greate-t number of votes simply shall be sent.
The.s used words which imply the concurrence ot the
bodv, eiealed iiom the Semite ;<nd Assombly, 111 the
designation, a concurrence which can only be through
unaninntv or the voteot a majoiity. This difference
is not unintentional. And the word appointed ispne
used in the ancient constitution of cvv Jersey, when
it 1 emulated the ioint meeting. That instrument was
adopted Julv 2, 1770. It piovidcd that the Council
nod As.-embl'y join?i> , at their fust, meeting yearly,
-houhl elect by a nr;jori<yoi \otes a t-iovernor, and
thai the lust'.c'o- ot tiie supreme eourt and other oHi-
rer- "should bo scvera^y appointed hy the Council
and \>-eiiibl\ inmanneraiorc^atd." Thclawalready
quoted was passed under the old (oust itution, and
all appointments ot State offious by joint meeting
ami ol Senators we 10 made by a maioiity ot all tiie
membera oi ioint meeting present. It has irom time
to time been leemu-ted: but what has occurred to
change its meaning? Under the old constitution it
meant ifcction hy a majtirily ot all votes. We sub-
mit that sucliis its meaning now. . * .
The constitution of IS46 does not, m terms, require
that appointments -hull be "by a,majority ot votes;
it directs that specilied officers shall be' appointed
b% the Senate and lieneral Assembly in joint meet-
111"." but no change has < ccr beioie taken j>la,ee, or
b'^n .-'UJ-L-cMed as lawful, ill the method ot eii." tmg._
The unitonn u-aae ha- been to require a majoiity ot
ail the members ot a joint meeting to concur bctore
th' re is any appointment. Severe contestshave here-
tofore oeeui red in joint meetings, numcious ballots
have been had, and candidates have ov, ed their elec-
tion to tin; ab-encc oi opponents reducing the num-
ber necessary to a majority. It cannot be said that
because the joint meeting i« composed ol thcLegis-
laiuie, thev can alter or add to mo law. inctwo
Houses together cannot make a law Hremnrcs. sep-
a'.vire action un-1 ex.'cutivc approval, and the mect-
ri'i of niem'oers in joint mot ting is lor a spceine pur-
ik.so. ,u!il no other—to elect oihceiv, not nuiKc
Ti;t* i o 11 sfi;,ieoces i>« s 5olc-* irom admit!ing tne inrht
to sek. t by a plurality vote furnish a eonclusi\e ar-
gument a-iainst it. If two members vote lor one per-
son and every other membc-i by inmselt ior dmerent
individuals, the person having two votes would have
a plurality. Can it be that in such a case ho would
be Senator? This is, indeed, an extreme case; but
such eases test the propriety of legal doctrine, aua
many equally unjust, but less extreme, may easily bo
offered.
Believing, therefore, that Hon. John P. Stockton,
is not elected Senator from New Jersey, we respect-
fully pray that the Senate of the United States may
so decide, and declare bis scat vacant.
MEMBERS OF THE SENATE.
W. W. WAKE,
Cape May Count>t.
PROVIDENCE LUDLAM,
Cumberland (buntv.
JOSEPH L. REEVES,
Gloucester Coxurty.
0E0RGE D. HORNER,
Ocean County.
MEMBERS OF THE ASSEMBLY.
* ' GEORGE M. WRIGHT,
Bergen County. _ _
JAMBS M. SC0VEL,
Senatorfrotfc Camden County.
B. BUCKLEY,.
Senator from Pasaaic,
K. M. ACTON",
Senator from Salem.
P. C. BRINCK,
Camden Couniy.
■ THOMAS BEESLET,
Cam Mav County.
JAMES D. CLEAVER,
Essex County.
JOHN II. LANDELL,
Essex Covntij.
RUEUS F. HARRISON,
Essex County.
J. B. J. R0BIS0N,
Essex County.
A. M. P. V. II. DICKESOJST,
2d Lraixlativc J)htrict, ticlcm County
WILLIAM CALLAHAN,
1 st Lcpinhttive District,Salem Comity
JAMES H. NIXON,
2d District, Cumberland County.
ROBERT MORE,
ls« District, aumbertimd County.
JOHN If, BODINE,
Zd District, Camden Couaty.
C, C. LATHROP,
2d District, Buidimitou. County.
GARRET VA N WAGGNER,
2d Jh-itrict, P«H*ai<; County.
N. S. ABBOTT,
Isf District. Cloilrpcfer County.
SIMON LAKE,
Atlantic County.
SAMUEL FISHER,
3 d District, Mpro or County.
A. B. GREEN,
1 at District, Mercer County.
11YNEER A. STAATS,
3d District, Somerset County.
JACOB B-IRDSALL,
Ocean County.
WILLI AM B.WILSON,
2d District, doiioe.xttr County.
€11&RY J.lKICK,
4th lhvtrict, fturlinaton County.
W. IIEDL1NGS.
3(1 Dhtrict, Blirlintllon County.
J. \V. NICHOLSON,
2/7 JJUtnft, ('tnvcUn County.
J. D. BIjAUVELT, '
'id District, Pasimc County.
I>. D. JARKARD,
1st TJwtrift, UidcUene-r Count]/.
SAMUEL SXOCKfON,
1^ District, IJurHiiaton County.
THOivfAS B. PEDDIK.
Esse.'' County.
C. A LTGHTIIIPE,
Ehhc,!' ('ov)ltl/.
J011N BATES,
2 d District, Morn * C-ountv.
•JOSCPIl T. CUOWKLL,
2rl Dhtru t, Union Comity.
Mr CLARK. I suppose the question be
fine the Senate is upon the resolution submit
ted hy the committee :
Jtrmlvrd, Tliat John P.Stockton was dulvolcctca
anil i* entitled to bis scat as a Senator Iwr.n the btote
of New Jersey, for the term ot six years from the 4th
day ot March, 1805.
The PRESIDING OPFICEE, (Mr. An-
'J'HOXY ill the chair.) i hat is the question.
Mr. CIjA.UK. I move to amend the resolu-
tion by insert ing the word'' not'' before the word
'•duly," and also before the word " entitled;
so that it will read :
Rcmlwd That John P. Stockton wns not duly
elected and is not entitled to his scat as a
from the State of Jiew Jopey. for the term ot six
years Irom the 4t,h day of Maruh, 1805.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The (1ucs-
tion will be upon that amendnient. ^
Mr. CLAUK. Mr. President, it -will be
understood by the offering of this ameadment,
1 think, that I did not concur in the report ot
the Committee on the Judiciary. Alter a lull
examination of the case, of the law, and the
facts and the usages of the Legislature of the
