1866,]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL &LGBE,
39th Cong.... 1st Sbss.
Reconstruction—Mr. Delano.
Ho. qf Kijps.
_ A Wise policy, inaugurated at once by the capital-
ists of the North and by the land-owners of the South,
will reproducetheeropofl860 in three years. At the
expiration of President Johnson's Administration, in
1869, this immense wealth, destroyed during the lour
years of war, may_ be restored and the wants of the
world again supplied. The people of the South have
taken the initiative by offering to sell their lands at
nominal prices, or lease their cultivated lands at rea-
sonable rates for a term of years. Thcyinvite, ingood
faith, northern and foreign emigration. Let north-
ern capitalists and the northern people r«spond with
like liberality, and the reestablishment of a healthy
industrial condition will result in a prosperity uu-
equaled in the history of any country.
This industrial question of the South is also very
intimately connected with the currency and finances
of the country. Of the 5,386,897 bales of eptton pro-
duced in 1860, not over 1,500,000 bales were consumed
in this country, leaving for exportation 3,886,897,
which, at ten cents per pound, furnished $155,475,880
to supply the place of specie in our foreign exchange,
and which, if produced this year, at the present prices,
say forty cents per pound, would supply the place of
$621,903,520 of specie which now goes to pay for im-
portations.
The balance of trade mustbe paid in specie, unless
paidin cotton which is to Europe the sameas specie;
and if that additional amount of specie could be re-
tained at home it would tend greatly to strengthen
the paper currency of the Government, and probably
avoid altogether the much-dreaded financial crisis.
Of the 22,443,897 acres of cultivated lands in the
above-mentioned States, probably not over one half
has been cultivated this year, and cannot be cultivated
for years to come withoutthe aid of capitaland labor,
to be drawn from beyond their limits. From reliabl e
information, it is fair to conclude that at least five
million acres of these lands-are now subject to pur-
chase or lease, with the right of purchase at from five
to twenty dollars per acre; the rent from two to five
dollars per acre. As an incipient step toward at-
taining this most desirable result of reestablishing
the industrial system of these States, and in contem-
plation of rendering efficient aid, a temporary organ-
ization was made of gentlemen, principally in this
city, in August last, forming a company under the
name of " The United States Mutual Protection Com-
pany for Encouraging Settlements m the Southern
States," of which Hon. Alexander W. Randall, First
Assistant Postmaster General, was elected President,
Dr. John Trimble, Secretary, John R. Blvans, Esq.,
Treasurer, having a general office at 273 F street,
Washington, D. C.; C. A. Stevens, Esq., general agent.
The object of this organization was to combine such
influences as would tend to bring together the land-
holders of the South and the capitalists and labor of
the North. This company have issued and widely
circulated two circulars, of some fifteen pages each,
setting forth the objects of the organisation and the
advantages resulting both to the land-owners of the
South and the capital and labor of the Korth, and
it has further been widely circulated by the press all
over the North.
The company has already many applications from
sonthernland-ownersfortenants, and some five hun-
dred families are ready to move South m the month
of January next. There is auniversalinterest through
the North in this enterprise, as it affords protection
and the prospect of an easy and rapid accumulation
of wealth.
It is contemplated by the company to make settle-
ments of fifty families in a location, thereby securing
mutual protection, schools, and religious worship.
The company further contemplate securing a charter
from Congress at an early day in the present session,
with a capital of $3,000,000, and a large number of the
most prominent capitalists™ New York, Boston, and
Chicago have intimated their desire to participate in
this corporation. It is the intention, after a perma-
nent organization shall be effected, to make advances
of means to parties owning plantations, and who are
not at present able to cultivate their lands without
assistance, as well as to assist persons of small means
from the North who are desirous of settling South. A
number of large land-owneis and men of influence
from various parts of the southern States are also
ready to unite in the company, and make common
cause in this great work of reanimating the industrial
interest of their beautiful but unfortunate southern
land.
It will be observed in this advertisement of
the United States Mutual Protection Homestead
Company, special attention is drawn to the
period of time at which the President's Admin-
istration ceases.
I need not dwell on the plain principles of
political economy which give the control of the
wealth to that country or section which has the
largest exports at command; nor to the evident
advantage to the cotton-spinners of this country
to have "the mastery of the cotton-growing sec-
tion and the labor of that section. In my opin-
ion, this Freedmen's Bureau bill tends to the
monopoly of the producing lands of the South,
as well as to control the labor which may be
introduced or maintained on those lands. The
effort of the gentleman from Massachusetts
[Mr. Eliot] to push through this House a bill
for excluding from registration many hundred
thousand tons of American shipping, in the in-
terest of New England alone, is a fair type of
what the whole country has to look for from
that quarter.
So far as these schemes tend to develop the
national resources, national harmony, and na-
tional greatness, consistently with, the welfare
of the people, first the white race and then all
ethers, I am not opposed to them. But so far
as they are mere monopolies, I denounce them
as dangerous and unpatriotic.
Sir, with one more reference to the Presi-
dent' s message in relation to this and all kindred
measures, I close my remarks.
This bureau is eminently a military bureau.
I have given its history ; and the absorption of
this bureau by the War Department fixes its
character and future control.
MILl'VARY chajuctee.
The President in his recent, message draws
attention to another important feature in the
matter of reconstruction, namely, emigration:
"I found the States suffering from the effects of a
civil war. Resistance to the General Government
appeared to have exhausted itself. The United States
had recovered possession of their forts and arsenals;
and their armieswere in the occupation of every State
which had attempted to secede. Whether the terri-
tory within the limits of those States should be held
as conquered territory, under military authority ema-
nating from the President as the head of the Army,was
the first question that presented itself for decision.
"Now, military governments, established for an in-
definite period, would have offered no security for the
early suppression of discontent; would have divided
the people into the vanquishers and the vanquished ;
and would have envenomed hatred, rather than have
restored affection. Once established, no precise limit
to their continuance was conceivable. They would
have occasioned an incalculable and exhausting ex-
pense. Peaceful emigration to and from that poition
of the country is one of the best means that can be
thought of for the restoration of harmony, and that
emigration would have been .prevented; for what emi-
grant from abroad, what industrious citizen at home,
would place himself willingly under military rule V'
Now, sir, the words of the President are
words of wisdom and of truth on this subject.
Our people are not willing to live under mil-
itary rule.
This bureau is under military rule. It pro-
poses to perpetuate and strengthen itself by the
present bill.
It founds an "imperium in imperio" to
protect black labor against white labor.
It excludes the foreign immigrant from the
lands given to the native-born negro.
It subjects the white native-born citizen to
the ignominy of surrendering his patrimony,
his self-respect, and bis right to labor into the
hands of negroes, idle, ignorant, and misled by
fanatic, selfish speculators. We have heard a
great deal from the political wiseacres on this
floor who follow the lead of the executive mem-
ber from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] and we
have also heard the report of Generals Howard
and Sherman on the same subjects. Now I will
add an extract from General Grant's report on
the condition of the South and leave the ver-
dict to the people:
" Conversations on the subject, however, with offi-
cers connected with the bureau lead me to think that
in some of the States its affairs have not been eon-
ducted with goodjudgment or economy, and that the
belief, widely spread among the freedmen of the
southern States, that the lands of their form erowners
will, at least in part, be divided among them, has
come from the agents of this bureau. This belief is
seriously interfering with the willingncssofthefrced-
men to make contracts for the coming year." - *
* * "Tbeeffectofthebeliefmdivifion of.landsis
idleness and accumulation in camps, towns, andcities.
In such cases I think it will be found that vice and
disease will tend to the extermination or great reduc-
tion of the colored race. It cannot be expected that
the opinions held by men at the South for years can
be changed in a day. and therefore the freedmen re-
quire for a few vears not only laws to protect them,
but the fostering care of those who will give them good
counsel and on whom they can rely."
Now, Mr. Speaker, I am in favor of some
sort of bureau for the negro, who is a foreigner
and a ward of our Government just as the In-
dian tribes have, to regulate their relations
with this Government.
There is no necessity of a_ special military
bureau of this character at this time_. The ne-
cessity for it ccased with the war. I insert here
references to the valuable work of Story on the
Constitution and Curtis's History of the Con-
stitution in relation to the treatment and policy
of our Government toward Indian tribes, rather
as a suggestion to the honorable chairman of
the committee who has charge of this bill, with-
out much hope that it will be accepted as a hint
for a change of his policy in this matter.
The preemptive right in the soil is in the white
race. The sovereignty of this Government
springs from and belongs to the white race ex-
clusively. The negro race, freed from slavery,
have become the wards of the Government,
and are to be treated in their relations to us by
3 system similar to that established by the
Government in its intercourse with the Indian
tribes. For the policy of the United States
Government toward Indian tribes, see Story'a
Commentaries on the Gonstitution, volume two,
pages 540-542, and Curtis's History of the Con-
stitution, volume two, pages 325-367.
On the question o£ the preemptive right of
the United States to Indian lands being a bar-
rier to protect the Indian, see United States
Statutes-at-Large, volume one, page 138, sec-
tion four, chapter thirty-four.
Reconstruction.
SPEECH OF HON; C. DELANO,
of oiiio,
Ix the House of Representatives,
February 10, 1866,
On the political condition of the States lately in rebel-
lion.
Mr. DELANO said:
Mr. Speaker: I propose to examine the fol-
lowing question : what is the political condition
of the States lately in rebellion ?
Four years and more of war hasproduced great
changes in the social condition of the insurrec-
tionary States, and has materially affected the
political relations heretofore existing between
them and other States of the Union. These
mighty changes cast upon us the momentous
question which I propose to consider. The im-
portance of this question has never been equaled
by any subject presented to an American Con-
gress since the formation of our Government.
In my opinion, upon its proper solution depends
not only the peace and prosperity, but the ex-
istence of our country. Differences of opinion
in regard to the condition of ihese States and
as to the best manner of restoring them to their
normal condition in the Union, must be ex-
pected. These differences are not merely nat-
ural, but necessary. Our forefathers in form-
ing this Government, and in framing the great
fundamental law for its control, encountered
like differences of sentiment in regard to the
great organic law which they had undertaken
to make; but with a proper respect for the
judgment of each other, and in a spirit of con-
cession and conciliation, they entered npon
their work, and accomplished itliarmoniously.
Let a like spirit animate this "Congress. Let
a proper appreciation for honest differences
among each other, or between ourselves and
other departments of this Government, prevail
Let us all be forbearing toward those from
whom we ask a like exercise of charity, and I
sincerely believe we shall be able to adjust the
great measures before us, for the best interest
and with the approbation of our common con-
stituents, in such a manner as to make solid
the foundations of our Government. Thus the
present threatening clouds will pass away, and
universal peace and harmony be restored.
I propose to analyze the condition of public
opinion upon this question as it seems to pre-
sent itself in this House. , .
First, there is a class of persons who insist
that the insurrectionary States are not only in
the Union, but that they arc States m the full-
est sense of the term, having a right to demand
representation on this floor. I do not know
whether this class is willing to admit Repre-
sentatives still seething in treason and rebel-
