86
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
Ho. ot Beps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Delano.
89th Cong....1st Sess.
lion, whose hands are red with the blood of our
slaughtered countrymen, who are yet unwilling
to yield submissively to the great decisions of
the war; but whether or not they are so willing
f do not belong to this class of politicians. I
believe these States are in the Union and that
they possess the right of local and domestic
legislation; thattheir proper relation with other
States has been so interrupted and changed as
to deprive them of the absolute right to demand
the admission of members to this floor without
conditions and proper qualifications for mem-
bership.
Secondly, it is insisted by another class that
these States are dead, in the condition of con-
quered provinces, subject to be governed by
Congress in all respects as any other Territory.
I have no faith in this theory. I do not believe
the States have been destroyed, nor that they
may be held as conquered Territories, and I
propose to lay before this Jfouse and the coun-
try, briefly as possible, my reasons for opposing
this theory.
The distinguished gentleman from Pennsyl-
vania, [Mr. Stevens,] in opening the debate
upon this subject, announced the startlingprop-
osition that these States are dead! It was put
forth, manifestly, as the theory which was to
guide the majority of this House in their delib-
erations and legislation in the important ques-
tions of reconstruction. The sagacity aud in-
fluence of the honorable gentleman who made
this announcement are acknowledged and felt
in this House and throughout the country. His
capacity to understand the remote consequences
of any position lie assumes, and to trace those
consequences to their full extent and influence
no one appreciates more fully than myself.
I was, therefore, naturally and necessarily
alarmed to see this proposition coming from an
acknowledged leader of the House at the open-
ing of this debate, under circumstances justi-
fying the apprehension that it was to guide and
lead this House to its final conclusion upon the
subject.
I make these observations to justify myself in
giving so much attention, as 1 shall give, in
these remarks, to what has been said by the gen-
tleman from Pennsylvania. That I may do the
gentleman no injustice, I make the following
quotations from his speech of December 18,
18G5. Of the States lately in rebellion, he says :
"They have torn their constitutional States into
atoms, and built on their foundations fabrics of a
totally diflorent character. Dead men cannot raise
themselves, dead States carmot rcstoic their own
existence as it was."
Then, referring to the Constitution, he quotes
from the third section of the fourth articlc the
following:
"New States may he admitted by the Congress into
this Union."
And proceeds thus :
"In iny judgment thisis tlio controlling provision
in this casts. Untesstbelawofnationsisa deadlcttcr,
the late war between the two acknowledged belliger-
ents severed their original compacts, and broke all
the ties which bound them together. Thefuture con-
dition of the conquered power depends upon the will
of the conquerors. They must eoino in as new States,
or remain as conquered provinces."
In another place in the same speech he savs:
" To prove that tliey are and for four years have
been out of the Union, for all legal purposes, and
being now conquered, subjcctto the absolute dispo-
sal ot Conaiess, I will suggest a few ideas and adducc
a few authorities."
The learned gentleman then proceeds to show
that the confederate States, during the war,
were an independent belligerent, and were so
acknowledged by the United States and by
Europe, and were, therefore, precisely in the
condition of a foreign nation with whom we
wero at war : citing, in support of this position,
several writers on the law of nations and the
decisions of the Supreme Court of the United
States. Further references seem needless to
show the position of the gentleman on this
subject.
The gentleman from Pennsylvania was soon
followed by my honorable colleague [Mr. Shel-
i.abap.ger] in an ableand elaborate speech which
appears to sustain, substantially, the same views.
That I may do my colleague no injustice, I will
quote a passage from his speech, showing that
he considers the insurgent States as having lost
the rights and powers of government, and that
the United States may and ought to assume and
exercise these lost powers. Here, I may re-
mark that I might quote many other passages
to the same effect, but the one I am about to
produce seems sufficient.
My colleague asks, what is before Congress?
And answers it thus:
" It is, under our Constitution, possible to, and the
late rebellion did in fact so, overthrow and usurp in the
insurrectionary States the loyal State governments as
that during such usurpation, such States and their
people ceased to have any of the rights and powers of
government as States of this Union. And this loss of
the rights and powers of government was such that
the United States may and ought to assume and exer-
cise local powers of the lost State governments."
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
certainly would not interrupt my colleague but
for the remark that he made prefatory to that
one in which he introduced an allusion to my-
self. That prefatory remark compels me either
to arise for the purpose of explanation or else
to acquiesce in what is a .mistaken interpreta-
tion of what I said.
Now, had he completed the sentence, apart
of which he read, he would have found that in
attributing to me the position which I under-
stood him to attribute to me, he does me unin-
tended injustice. I will complete the sentence,
only adding that which is material for the ex-
planation that I desire now to make. I must
read the whole sentence so as to introduce and
give the effect of the part omitted. It reads :
"Tt is under our Constitution possible to, and the
late rebellion did in fact so, overthrow and usurp in
the insurrectionary States theloyal State governments
as that, during such usurpation, such States and th eir
people ceased to have any of the rights or powers of
government as States of this Union"—
Notice thatlsay "during such usurpation"—
"and this loss of the rights and powers of govern-
ment was such that the United States may and ought
to assume and exeicise local powers of the lost State
governments, and may control the readmission of
such States to their powers of government in this
Union"—
Now, here isthepartofthescntencc to which
I desire to call attention—
"subject to and in acc-ordanec with the obligation to
goaianty to each State a republican form uf govern-
ment.'"
Now, sir, my proposition is that it was the
governing capacity or property alone that -was
overthrown, and that that state of things has
intervened and occurred to make it the duty of
the Government of the United States, not to
hold these people as conquered Territories, but
to restore to them republican governments, and
that we cannot hold them, therefore, as con-
quered Territories, but that that holding is sub-
ject to that guarantee to wliieh I alluded in the
last part of the sentence. I know my distin-
guished colleague will do me the justice to give
me the benefit of the last and important part
of the sentence.
Mr. DELANO. Now, Mr. Speaker, before
noticing the gentleman's remarks any further,
I will ask him—because that will settle'the
question without attempting to interpret what
he has said heretofore—whether he believes
that Congress has a right, under any provision
of the Constitution, to exercise power over these
States as Territories, or, in his own language,
" to exercise "local powers of the lost State gov-
ernments' ' under the present state of facts, and
as things now exist? This question, if answered
directly, will bring the gentleman to an issue,
and I shall understand him.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. Mr. Speaker, I
reply to the gentleman's inquiry by saying that
I do hold, as I stated in that sentence, that
there lias occurred in the rebel States that state
of things in which they have lost their "prac-
tical relations to the Government of the United
States," if I may be permitted to adopt the
language of our late and lamented President.
I care not whether you call that being in the
Union or out of the Union.
There is no need of oar falling out here
about mere dialectics.
My proposition is that, where a loyal State
government by rebellion has been utterly swept
away, there does revert to the United States
during that hiatus in the State government (if
you will pardon the expression) suchamountof
local control over the States as will enable the
United States to render effectual the provision
of the guarantee clause of the Constitution, and
such as will enable the United States first, to
take care of the people during that interim,
and next, and as speedily as practicable, to
restore and reestablish a local State govern-
ment, republican in form, within the State,
which was never destroyed, and cannot be until
the Constitution is overthrown.
Mr. DELANO. I thought, Mr. Speaker,
that I did not misunderstand my colleague; I
still think so.
I once had an acquaintance, the president of a
railroad company, of whom it. waa said that he
had a peculiar faculty of deciding against those
whom he wanted to decide against by " letting
them down easy." Adopting that illustration,
1 feel that my friend does come to the very con-
sequences of the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
although I admit he does not step off the preci-
pice into the abyss by one single leap, but, as
he explains himself here to-day, he "comes
down easy."
_ He is, then, in favor of this Congress exer-
cisinglocalpowers of legislation for those States.
He does believe (and that is the whole theory
of his speech) that the powers of these States
are overthrown and lost. If he is correct, then
the gentleman from Pennsylvania is right, and
the States as political organizations are "dead."
They are without law, and chaos reigns, until
Congress shall establish law for them.
This places them in the power of Congress,
subject to be governed as Territories and insid-
iously opens the door to rule and govern, con-
fiscate and destroy, as effectually as the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania can desire.
Mr. SHELLABARGER. May I ask my
colleague a single question?
Mr. DELANO. Certainly.
Mr. SIIELLABARGER. I am permitted,
Mr. Speaker, thiuugh the comiesy of my most
excellent colleague, to ask him a question, for
which piivilege i am obliged to him.
I wish to ask the gen-tleman whether lie holds
that in that very Condition of things, which by
sad history we know has existed in those States,
during which loyal State goverments have not
in fact been in existence, the United States can
exercise no control locally for the purposes of
protecting the loyal people there and restoring
.State governments as soon as possible ?
Mr. DELANO. Tflhegentl enian will be
patient I shall answer this quest ion fully, it be-
ing one of the questions I propose to examine
during my remarks. That 1 may not seem to
evade it. however, I will say here, while pass-
ing, that in their present condition I do not
believe they are so destitute of the powers of
government as to authorize the United States
to '' exercise local powers of the lost State gov-
ernments," as my colleague expresses it.
This theory ofd«ad States was rested by the
gentleman from Pennsylvania upon the propo-
sition that during the war we granted to the
States in rebellion belligerent rights : that we
thereby acknowledged them to be foreign ter-
ritory and a foreign Power, whereby we sub-
jected them to the laws of conquest; that, hav-
ing conquered them, they arc now held as
provinces, subject to our will and pleasure. No
respectable author upon the law of nations
maintains the doctrine that the acknowledg-
ment of belligerent rights daring a civil war
converts the insuigeuts into a foreign nation.
Vattel says, page 4'21:
" When a party is formed in a State who no longer
obey the sovereign, and are possessed of sufficient
