2526
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
Mr. COWAN. All of them.
Mr. NYE. Certainly; that is what I sup-
posed, including secession and all others.
Mr. COWAN. No, sir. That is the fallacy
of the gentleman's argument: that because
secession is not a State right, and was not in-
tended to be one, therefore all other State
rights are to be ignored andforgotten.
Sir. NYE. I am not going to stop now to
discuss in detail this doctrine of State rights,
because I do not think it would be profitable. I
dc not know that I can exactly describe, and I
dc not know that the Senator can exactly, what
he means by State rights. I speak of the inter-
pretation that has torn this Government in
fragments. They called it what we called it,
State rights. They not only held the right of
these States to secede, but they denied the fight
of the General Government to force them to
remain in the Union. So held your great
Pennsylvania leader, the then President, with
whose friends you seem to be acting pretty
much now. I hope my friend from Wisconsin
will not get the nightmare, State rights, firmly
seated 011 him. Why do you not talk about
State wrongs? But a State can do no wrong;
it is only the barrier that is seen in this Gen-
eral Government! I hope the Senator will
not persist in this doctrine of State rights
again. If he does, he will have to settle it with
Ills own conscience and with an enlightened
constituency.
But, Mr. President, "hurry" seems now to
be the word. "My policy" is immediate.
Three weeks ago I went over to Arlington
heights. I counted there a great many graves,
and they told me there were fourteen thousand
dead soldiers reposing upon the heights of
Arlington. Early in May, 1861, I stood upon
those heights, and th'ere was not a grave there.
The inquiry naturally arose in my mind, why
are so many here now? I found a quick and
ready answer in a recurrence to the terrible
revolution of the last four years. There lie
mingled the remains of rebels and the remains j
of Union men. I noticed not unfrequentlv, as
1 passed along, the inscription "unknown'' on
the head-board of the Union soldier. Sir, in
behalf of that unknown soldier, I require pru-
dence at the hands of this Congress. There I
got the inspiration, if I may use the expression,
of extreme caution. I stand here the advocate
of that unknown soldier; and in his name and
by his memory I demand of the Congress of
the United States that thej shall tread cau-
tiously in this great work of binding up the
wounds of the country. In the name of all the
dead, I demand it. In the name of mourning
millions, I require at the hands of everybody
who is engaged in this work to see to it that it
is done in such away as to render a recurrence
of this terrible rebellion impossible. Stain not
again the fair fields of this country with loyal
blood; rear no more hecatombs of loyal bones;
but stand here in this breach made by them,
as the Romans stood, firm and determined that
wliat you do shall be well done, and that it
shall not require doing again. If all these
recollections are not enough, in the name of
the martyred Lincoln 1 demand prudence at
the hands of the American Government. If
that is not enough, I demand it m the name of
the mangled living.
My friend from Wisconsin will pardon me,
having great faith, as he says, in the final re-
sult, it 1 call his attention to another view.
Sir, beyond the grave we shall meet an army
ot three hundred thousand dead, who will
never again answer to roll-call on earth, but
m the day of judgment they will be there. In
their name and by their memory, by the im-
mortal death they died and lives they lived, I
demand that Congress and every department
of this Government shall tread cautiously in
this great work of reconstruction. Sir, my
mind is made up. Encounter whatever oppo-
sition it may, from whatever source, I will be
prudent. By all the sacred recollections of the
past, I demand caution. By all that is gar-
nered up in the rich treasure-house of the future,
I demand caution. In the name of liberty and
freedom itself and its perpetuation, I demand
cautipn in every step you take. Rush not
madly on to any policy. See where your
strength lies and follow that. See where the
right lies, no matter whose policy it may be,
and follow it, though the heavens fall.
Sir, I entertain no fears for the future of
this country. It is written by the finger of
Omnipotence Himself that this nation is to be
the freest, noblest, happiest nation of the
earth. Through whatever tribulations we may
have to go I see through the mists and the
fogs of the present its coming glory in thg fu-
ture. This continent is destined and dedicated
as the abode of a happy and free people. If
our sufferings have not yet been sufficient to
bring us to the true consideration of what is
demanded at our hands, it may be that we
shall be called upon to wade through still
deeper afflictions; but, sir, the spirit of this
people will rise with the demand. It will carry
on to perfection the great work commenced by
our fathers here of making this the abode of
the free and the homo of the oppressed of
every race and-clime. [Applause in the gal-
ibfics j
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. There
must be order in the galleries, or they will
be cleared.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. Mr. President, I, too,
like the honorable gentleman who has pre-
ceded me, have stood by the graves of the
martyred thousands. I, too, have had pressed
upon me all the solemn considerations which
he so eloquently portrays. I have stood where,
the Senator has not stood ; I have stood over
the grave of my first-born son, who fell a sac-
rifice in this rebellion.- I have been tried, not
only by all the great considerations that can
move the statesman, but I have been tried by
the deepest emotions of the human heart.
And standing over the grave of my best be-
loved, the pride of my life, I have raised my
hand in the presence of Him who liveth and
reigneth forever, and have sworn that I would
never give over the struggle till the rebeliion
should be suppressed, the Union restored, and
peace and prosperity returned once more to
our country.
Sir, I made hundreds of speeches, not so
able as that of the honorable Senator who
has preceded me. but in the same vein, while
we were in a state of war. I made them to
nerve my countrymen to the conflict. I made
them to fire their indignation. I made them
to fill up the ranks of our Army, and rush our
sons to the shock of battle. God Almighty!
Does not the Senator know the difference
between war and peace? Wo are not now in
the midst of war. Peace has come upon this
country, and the duties and responsibilities
that rest upon us are those of peace, not of
war. When we had the responsibilities of war
upon us, and we were bound to nerve every
arm and strain all our power to overcome a
gigantic rebellion, there was no argument, no
appeal, nothing that could be said to arouse
the indignation and fire the heart of the coun-
try, that we did not say. But now when peace
has come upon the country, shall we still go
on with speeches to wage war? That is the
question. I say that no principle of magna-
nimity demands or tolerates it; no principle
of wise statesmanship will justify it; no spirit
of Christianity can tolerate it for a moment.
Sir. I, too, like the honorable Senator, ex-
pect to meet that train of martyred dead when
we all go to our final account; and the ques-
tion I expect to be called upon to answer at
that dread reckoning, will be, "In what man-
ner have you treated a fallen and vanquished
foe when he had surrendered ?'' Shall I treat
him still as a foeman ? Shall I treat him still
with a spirit of vengeance ; or shall I treat him
as a Christian, as a man? Sir, there is noth-
ing in history, nothing in statesmanship, noth-
ing in Christianity, which tolerates or justifies
a spirit of unrelenting vengeance which would
still undertake to slaughter by wholesale those
who have been engaged in rebellion.
But, sir, that the rebels should be punished
is true. As a mass they have been punished.
Take the States and the people of the States
that have been engaged in this rebellion—I
speak of them as a mass—and they have already
been punished sufficiently to satisfy a sense of
justice when considered by any wise statesman
or by any just-thinking man. That there may
be individuals who have been most deeply
engaged in this rebellion who still ought to be
prosecuted and brought to trial and punished
for their great crime, I do not doubt. For
more than six months there has been pending
in this body a bill to enable the courts, which
alone can try these offenders, to obtain jurors
which are necessary in order to have a jury
at all.
I am sorry that the honorable Senator from
Nevada has left the Chamber, for after put-
ting to me so many pointed questions I desired
to put some to him. I put this question to
the Senator, and those who sympathize with
him: how many do you wish "to hang? An-
swer the question. Sir, the men who are con-
tinually denouncing the Executive for not pros-
ecuting and hanging the leaders of this rebel-
lion have never yet ventured to say, and they
will not undertake to say, that this Govern-
ment could or should or ought to go into a
wholesale prosecution against those who have
been engaged in the rebellion. A very few
prosecutions would satisfy even those who are
the^most determined and bent upon the prose-
cution of those who have been engaged in the
rebellion.
Is the Executive at fault for not entering
upon the punishment of those men? How
should he punish them ? Should he order their
execution without any trial? I am sorry the
Senator has left his seat, but I wish to deal
with him frankly. I wish him to answer that
question. I ask those gentlemen who sympa-
thize with what the Senator from Nevada has
said, and denounce the President for not bring-
ing these men to punishment, do you propose
that he shall execute them, as Commander-in-
Chief of the Army, without trial? Is there a
man in this body who would undertake to
say that ? Is there one single man on the floor
of this Senate who will say that the President
of the United States ought to take Jefferson
Davis, or any other person engaged in this
rebellion, and order hiin to be shot 01* hanged
without trial ? _ There is not a man, with all
this denunciation of the President, that dare
stand up and say it.
Then the question arises, how are they to
be tried ? Some, perhaps, will say by a court-
martial or a military commission. The Su-
preme Court have decided that civilians not
engaged in the Army cannot be tried by a
military commission or court-martial. What,
then, are you •going to do about it? If the
President, under these circumstances, should
order a court-martial to try men who are not
civilians, men who are not in the Army, and
condemn them, and sentence them, and shoot
or hang them, the President would be guilty
of a high misdemeanor in the violation of the
Constitution of the United States. How, then,
are they to be tried? They must be tried in
the tribunals of justice. They must be in-
dicted ; they must be brought before a court;
they must be arraigned and tried us other men
are tried for the commission of offences I
see that my honorable friend from Nevada is
now present, and I desire to put the question
to him, how many would you try, and in what
s r indcCtf?y them ? By ml!k^ —
Mr! DOOLITTLK Tdo™010 n0W ?
da^or^twif t u16 Senat°r give me a
that I wonlH 1° ma^° 11PTa ''st °f Ac number
ure I nnl ?Ve hung'1 wil1 do il Pl««-
ir r^not name them now.
tleman to ^ 1 do not ask tlle §en"
th° namftS; W ma"'in
th^S; VTldJhai^ enoi,gh to
should be made odious! ^ ^ treaS°"
