502
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Mr. HOWARD.- That is your law.
Mr. COWA*?. It is the law granted by my
friend from Maine, and after I proceed on his
grant. I am" asked to entertain your denial.
Mr. FESSENDBN. I want the Senator to
understand me. I want to see what the conse-
quences of the argument would bo. Suppose
there was a certain portion of them who were
forced in; very well; you say they have not com-
mitted treason. Grant it for argument sake;
suppose we do not punish anybody for treason,
does it follow that when the majority have re-
volted, and we have suppressed the, revolt, we
mnsl immediately restore to the whole com-
munity all the rights that they may have for-
feited because some portion of them wore not
originally in favor of the revolt? Is that the
{Senator's argument?
Mr. COWAN. The honorable Senator is
getting a little ahead of me. His exceedingly
quick and apprehensive intellect stalks in front.
I have not said anything about granting them
all their rights. I am talking now about the
impropriety, the folly, and the madness of as-
sailing a whole people as traitors and rebels.
I am trying to show that more than half of these
people, I mean the voting population, can by
no possibility be obnoxious to that charge.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Then the question is
whether they are assailed as rebels and traitors
because it is deemed unsafe to give them the
rights of government, for that is the argument.
Mr. COWAN". That maybe; it may come
to that; but I am not yet bound to anticipate.
I was going on to show what the law was willi
regard to these things. As 1 said before, what-
ever was done by the inhabitants of those States
after we were out of possession, and at a time
when wo could not protect them, whatever was
then done in obedience to the confederate gov-
ernment, or to the State government-over them,
is not to be imputed to them as treason. That
is what I mean, and I think that every man of
the country ought to be proud, he ought to be
desirous to get as many of the people of the
South in that category as ho could. Do you
want to make it out that you live in a commu-
nity one half of whom are rebels and traitors?
If I believed that the community in which I
lived was of that texture, so rotten in its na-
ture, and so unworthy of everything that con-
stitutes manhood, 1 would not stay in the coun-
try five minutes. I say 1 am proud to know that
among the southern people in that terrible time
of peril and rage and excitement, when all the
elements were unloosed, so many of them stood
up for their country, its Constitution, and -its
flag. I cannot conceive what object is to be
gained by gentlemen in endeavoring to make it
Out that the whole mass of thorn are wanting in
anything like that virtue which characterizes
and ought to characterize American citizens.
[ say that the law is the rule, and for my own
part 1 assail no man South except through the
law. Wo made the war to restore the domin-
ion of the laws, not the dominion of any man,
or of any set of men, or of any taction or parly.
The law is above us all. We made the war be-
cause the law had been broken, because the law
had been violated; and we made the war to
restore it in its majesty; and I say let the law
judge, and let him who talks about traitors go
into the courts and punish them. If a traitor
undertakes to coine here, a man that I believe
guilty of treason, a man that I believe made
war upon the United States at a time when (he
United States could protect him. and when he
was under the authority and power of no other
Government, I would take him into the court
myself; I should feel it my bounden duty to
do so.
Mr. HOWARD. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. I should like very much
to understand as clearly as possible the views
ot the Senator, who is very confident and very
earnest in his assertion of the law of treason.
Suppose (what has been the feet) that the gov-
ernment of one of the cotton States had passed
completely from the hands of men loyal to the
United States into those of traitors; and sup-
pose that the rebel government had ii> this
manner obtained an actual and effectual pos-
session of all the political powers of the rebel
State. Suppose such a state of things to have
happened; 1 do not know that the honorable
Senator from Pennsylvania will admit that that
state of things actually happened. I ask .him
now, suppose one of the ringleaders of the re-
bellion in this rebel State should be put upon
his trial before an impartial court, and an im-
partial jury for the crime of treason committed
in that State, whether he could go into court
and interpose a plea to an indictment for trea-
son. setting up that the accused was only act-
ing in pursuance of the laws of the State and
under the legal compulsion arising from the
pressure of those laws, and whether he would
regard that plea as a justification for the acts
of treason which that accuscd may have com-
mitted. I do not know that I have made my-
self understood.
Mr. COWAN. I think I understand my friend
from Michigan, and I am very free to say that
if I do understand him, it would not be a de-
fense. If an original ringleader, a man engaged
in the original conspiracy, were to attempt to
set up a plea of that kind he would'be met at
once with the assertion that he was one of the
original conspirators.
Mr. HOWARD. Once again, if the Senator
will allow me.
Mr. COWAN. Certainly.
Mr. HOWARD. Suppose that this ringleader
is charged with having committed an overt act
of treason dm ing the flagrancv of the war, while
the ringleader was just as much underfhe pres-
sure of ihe State laws of (he rebel States as any
other person, however humble or subordinate
he may have been, would he then suppose that
this plea would protect him?
Mr. COWAN. Nothing in the world can be
clearer. The plea would not, be worth talking
about. The original ringleader, the original con-
spirator, (he man who gets up and concocts the
plan and is part of the plan, is guilty of every-
thing which is done in pursuance of the plan,
hot only first, but last, because the whole, in
the eve of the law, is a single offense; he would
be justas liable for treason for tiring his gun at
the battle of Gettysburg as he would be for
signing a secession ordinance at Charleston on
the iirst day of secession.
Mr. HOWARD. Then, if the Senator will
allow me, I will ask him another question. At
what point does the guilt of treason commence
in the case which 1 put, and at what point does
it become no longer treason?
Mr. COWAN. I will state that to the hon-
orable Senator, and I thought I had stated it.
Mr. HOWARD. I did not understand it so.
Air. COWAN. The guilt of treason com-
mences, as I stated before, by making war or
contriving war against the Government of the
,United States at a time when the United States
is able to protect him if he refuses, and at a time
when there is no de facto Government over
him to compel his consent.
Mr. HOWARD. Then treason depends on
the ability of the United States to protect the
individual.
Mr. COWAN. It may; and I have put a
case which should satisfy the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan of that, that it-may depend
upon it exactly. Let me suppose that his State,
with its Governor, Legislature, and judges had
seceded, what would he have done ? Would ho
have been guilty of treason if he obeyed that
State government of Michigan when the United
States could nut protect him and was not there
to protect him?
Mr. HOWARD. I am perfectly ready to an-
swer that question. I certainly should, in that
case, bo legally guilty of treason as it is defined
by the Constitution of the United States. What
might be the proper measure of punishment to
inflict upon me under such circumstances would
be a matter for the Executive and not for the
courts. I suppose that the essence of all crimes
consists in the intention, the purpose. In the
trial of criminal cases, we inquire into the animus
with which the act was done by the accused;
and if it appears that the act was not done with
an evil intention, that it was done by coercion,
or under any circumstances of justification or
excuse, we all know very well that the courts
charge the jury that that description of evidence
is to be received in the mitigation of the crime.
But that is not the case which I put. I put the
case where the intention is clear, where there is
no coercion, where there is no irresistible pres-
sure, but where the act is done in obedience to
the command of the laws of the State, or of the
proper agents for the execution of those laws.
Mr. COW AN. The only thing which the hon-
orable Senator does not take into account, and
which he might take into account as a lawyer,
is the presumption of law. If he will take the
trouble to turn to the text-books, he will find this
much more clearly stated than 1 can state it.
If the citizen of a State acts in obedience to the
government of that State, which is a usurped
government, even whether it is done willingly
or unwillingly, he is excused; treason is not
imputed to him. I think the word you will find
is "excused," because the law will not pre-
sume that a man does willingly that thing which
is a crime and which he cannot resist, because
the law looks to human frailty, the common
weakness of humanity. It does not suppose
that a single man is able to resist a Slate; every-
body knows he is not.
Now, I wish to come to the conclusion of my
argument. I think it is perfectly clear that the
majority of the people of the southern States,
and 1 think the groat majority of them, diduot
commit treason. I very much doubt whether
any great mass of people in the world overdid
commit treason. We know the people, and we
know their weakness. We know how readily
they are led away by their leaders ; we know
how subject they arc to have their passions
excited, and we know how quickly the flame of
war may be kindled among them without the
wicked, treasonable intent which is necessary
to constitute the offense of treason ; and there-
fore it is that I suppose no Government in the
world ever undertook to punish a whole people
for treason. All Governments, so far, have
treated the leaders as the criminals, not the
people. They were never supposed to incur
any other penalty than that which fell upon
them by the war in which the treason involved
them. I have no doubt then, Mr. President,
that the great mass of the southern people never
were guilty of treason, never could be con-
victed of treason.
Mr." CLARK. Will the Senator allow mo?
Mr. COWAN. My honorable friend will
excuse me; I thought [ was done being cate-
chised; I want to finish up, and then anybody
that wants to assail what 1 say can do so. 1 be-
lieve the great mass of the people never have
been guilty of treason. I like to believe it, be-
cause it gives me assurance of the stability and
of the integrity of this Government. I like to
believe it, Because it enables me to think that
we can restore the Union again ; it enables me
to think that we can have the greatest repub-
lic, and not only the greatest republic, but,
Mr. President, the greatest empire the world
has ever seen. I love to believe it, because,
the Union restored, all our foreign difficulty van-
ishes away into thin air. I love to believe it,
because if the Union is restored the public
credit is restored and rises with it. If' the
Union is restored, it is an earnest to the whole
world everywhere of man's capacity for self-
government. I say again that I like to believe
these things. I do believe them, and I take
pleasure in it because it is a charitable belief.
A word as to the proper mode of treating
these people. I asked a southern gentleman
the other day, " Suppose we get into difficulty
with England or France, which side would they
take?" " Why," said he, ''nine out of every
ten of them will stand by the flag." Now, Mr.
President, that is cither true or it is not true.
If it is true that nine men out of every ten will
stand by the flag, then 1 say to assail them as
rebels and traitors, and to treat them as crimi-
nals, and to try to deprive them of the rights
