1860.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
8487
I know it costs ten dollars in gold—they will
take nothing but gold—to send a dispatch of
ten words from Portland, in Oregon, to Wash-
ington. I do not know who gets the money,
but 1 know it costs that amount.
Mr. DOOL1TTLE. I do not desire to take
up the time of the Senate. I simply say that
the character of the'act of 1800 has been mis-
understood by some in supposing that it was
intended to make a monopoly of this company
and put everything out of the power of Con-
gress.
Mr. BROWN. The monopoly has been by
buying up each other and consolidating.
The PRESIDING OFFICER. The ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Iowa, [Mi-. Grimes.]
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. It will now be necessary
to make some verbal alterations in the bill to
conform to the amendment just made.
Mr. NYE. Let it be recommitted to the
committee to reconstruct the bill.
Mr. SHERMAN. It is not necessary to re-
commit it. Only a few verbal alterations are
necessary, and they can be made in a moment.
In line four of section two I move to strike
out "said company" and insert "any of said
companies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, in line two of sec-
tion three I move to strike out "said" before
"company," and after "company" to insert
"acting under this act;" so as to read:
Tho rights find privileges hereby granted shall not
bo transferred by any company acting under tliis net
to any other corporation, association, or person with-
out the consent of Congicss.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now, to oblige my friend
from Nevada, I move to strike out the words
"without the consent of Congress," in the
fourth line of section three.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. What will the effect of
that be ?
Mr. SHERMAN. To provide that the
rights and privileges granted to any company
acting under this bill shall not be transferred
to another company. The Senator from Ne-
vada seems to fear that Congress might assent
to such a transfer.
The amendment was agreed to,
Mr. SHERMAN. In line eight of section
three I move to strike out the words "said
company" and insert "any or all of said com-
panies."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. In line eleven of section
three I move to strike out the words " said
company" and insert "the company inter-
ested."
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. SHERMAN. Now let the third section
be read as it stands amended.
The Secretary read as follows:
Sr:c. 3. And be it further ewicted, That the rights
and privileges hereby granted shall not, ho tiansferrcd
by any company acting under this act to any other
corporation, association, or person: Provided, how-
ever, That tho United States may at anytime, after
the expiration of live years from the date of the pas-
sage of this act, for postal, military, or other purposes,
purcliasc all the telegraph lines, propeity, and cffects
of any or all of said companies at an appraised value,
to be ascertained by five competent disinterested per-
sons, two of whom shall be selected by tile Postmaster-
General of tho United States, two by tho coifipany
interested, and one by tho four so previously selected,
Mr. SHERMAN. I move to strike out the
fourth section after the enacting clause and
insert:
That before anv telegraph company shall exercise
any of the powers or privileges conferred by this act,
such company shall file their written acceptance with
the Postmaster General of the restrictions and obli-
gations required by this act.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. CONNESS. I suggest to the Senator
to incorporate in the first section a restriction
in regard to the distance of the stations from
each other.
Mr. SHERMAN. I see 110 danger to be
apprehended on that score ; but I move alter
line twenty-three of the first section to insert
" but such stations not to be within fifteen miles
of each other," so as to prevent them making
a station in order to get the right to preempt a
quarter section of land.
Mr. HOWARD. I move in line nineteen
of section one to strike out the words " pre-
empt and." It will then leave the lots upon
which the stations of the company are, subject
merely to a possessory right or right of occu-
pancy on the part of the company, and will not
give them the fee-simple of the land. It will
simply tolerate them there while in possession
of the lot for the purposes of a station, and
remove all doubt as to the meaning of the word
"preempt." There are many persons who
believe that word implies a title in fee-simple.
I am not quite sure myself that it does not. To
remove all doubt, I think we had better strike
out that word.
Mr. CONNESS. I cannot think that this
provision is a grant as it now stands ; but if the
word "preempt" were left in, the company
could go on and perfect their title if they saw
lit, and buy the land. As the language stands,
it gives no title in fee ; but if tho word " pre-
empt" is stricken out, the companies cannot
preempt and buy at any time, and yet the com-
panies may improve a piece of land and have
it subject to being preempted by others.
Mr. HOWARD. Not at ali. It cannot be
subjected to preemption hccausc the company
are in possession under a right of occupancy.
That excludes everybody else from being a
preemptor.
Mr. CONNESS. What objection can there
be to allowing the company to preempt and
buy? i
Mr. HOWARD. The objection is this, that j
it is not the business of a telegraph company
to become the owner of lands in lee-simple.
They are intended for another purpose, and
ought not to be allowed to accumulate landed
property in their hands anv more than any other
corporation. They ought to be allowed to own
and use as much as is necessary for their pur-
poses, and when their occupancy for that pur-
pose has ceased the title ought to revert to the
original donor.
Mr. HENDRICKS. Allow me to suggest
to the Senator from Michigan that I think it
probable his proposition will defeat a very im-
portant purpose of this bill. Suppose a very
desirable town site is selected and a whole
quarter section is taken. Of course that quar-
ter section is not needed to put up the telegraph
apparatus, but the town site is secured by the
quarter section. Now, the proposition of the
Senator will cut them off from the right todivide
that up into lots and sell it, and will very mate-
rially interfere with the speculation which is
possible under this bill.
Mr. HOWARD. Undoubtedly, Mr. Presi-
dent, and that is one of the purposes which I
wished to guard against by the amendment
which 1 offered. 1 foresaw that.
Mr. POMEROY. There are some reasons
why 1 think the public interest would be sub-
served by allowing a preemption rather than a
mere occupancy. Prcemptors are subject to
certain laws and restrictions. As a preemptor a
man cannotstrip a quarter section of its timber.
A preemptor can use only that portion neces-
sary for his preemption. But if you give the
company the use and occupancy of a quarter
section, they may strip it of ail its timber and
may damage the public lands. There are cer-
tain restrictions and limitations thrown around
preemptors that do not apply to persons who
have a perpetual right of use and occupancy.
I do not care anything about it so far as it ap-
plies to this company. There is one correc-
tion, however, that I should like to make in
the bill if I can have the attention of tho Sen-
ator from Ohio for a moment. The_ words
"public domain" anil " public lands" have
different significations as administered at the
Department. We have domain over military
reservations, valuable tracts for military sites.
We exorcise eminent domain over them. They
are part of the public domain, but you do not
mean to give a company the right of preemp-
tion on a reservation, or anv such valuable
tract. The word "lands" should be used
instead of " domain."
Mr. SHERMAN. Would that cover the
unsurveyed lands?
Mr. POMEROY. Yes, sir; they are all*
"public lands;" but "public domain" is
another thing.
Mr. SHERMAN. I used the word "do-
main" so as to cover unsuryeyed laiMs, I
supposed that "public lands" technically
meant, only those which were surveyed and
subject to entry.
Mr. POMEROY. They are all public lands,
excepting certain reservations, and those res-
ervations are public domain. If it is in order
now, I move to insert the word "lands" in-
stead of "domain," in the twentieth line of
the first section.
Mr. HOWARD. Let tho vote be taken first
on my amendment.
Th'c PRESIDING- OFFICER. Tho ques-
tion is on the amendment of the Senator from
Michigan.
The amendment was rejected; there being,
on a division—ayes 12, noes 13.
Mr. POMEROY. I now move, in lines six-
teen and twenty, of section one, to strike out
the word "domain,'' in each case, and insert
" lands." We had to pass a bill hero not long
since to restore to the public lands certain res-
ervations that were part of the public domain
before.
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. DOOLITTLE. The Senator from Ohio,
as I understand, says ho wishes to give, to com-
panies under this bill the same rights that we
give to the company across the continent., by
the law to which 1 have already referred. He
will find that there is a provision in that law
that tho company may preempt land for sta-
tions during the time that they occupy the land
for telegraph purposes. Furthermore, there is
a provision that if the land they preempt should
happen to be so located as to be needed for
railroad purposes, they must give way to the
railroad. They can move telegraph lines, but
a railroad may hare only one" place where it
can go through. You will find when you come
to build the Pacific, railroad through the mount-
ains that there are particular sections where
the railroad must go, and if there is a telegraph
line that has land preempted it may encumber
the railroad company 
Mr. SHERMAN. Ift.be Senator thinks there
is anv danger on that score, and will draw an
amendment to cover the point, I shall have no
objection to it. 1 do not want to secure to any
company unde.r this bill a town site or any-
thing of the kind.
Mr. HENDRICKS. I move to strike out
all after the word "telegraph," in the nine-
teenth line of the lirst section, to the end of the
section.
The Secretary read the words proposed to
be stricken out, as follows:
And m:i) preempt and use such portion of the unoc-
enpml public lands snbiect to preemption, through
which its said lines of telcaraph may be located as
may be necessary for its stations, not excecdmaono
ciua'ricr section for each station, but such stations
not to be within fifteen miles of each other.
Mr. HENDRICKS. This privilege scoured
to tho company can only bo for the purpose
of speculation. A railroad company, wherever
it has a station, needs land of some consider-
able extent for its depots, its water stations,
<tc.: hut a telegraph company needs simply
room enough for its poles and tor its office. It
has no occasion for one hundred and sixty acres
of land. Of course, if Congress gives it, every
fifteen miles, a quarter section of land, it is
simply for the purpose of speculation, ft. en-
ables' any company acting undi r the law to
select the most desirable locations upon the
public lands along the line of the route. It
may be said that the telegraph operator located
at a particular station needs a homestead.
That is very well, and he, under existing laws,
may secure his homestead. He may secure it
