88
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
Ho. of Reps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Ddano.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
what duty, if any, did the late insurrection
devolve upon the Federal Government ?
WHAT WAS THE DUTY OP THE UNITED STATES AFTER THE
INSURRECTION COMMENCED?
The fourth section of the fourth article of the
Constitution of the United States .provides that—
"The United States shall guaranty to every State
in this Union a republican form of government, and
shall protect each of them against invasion," &e.
It is proposed by the gentleman from Penn-
sylvania, under this clause, to find authority
for governing " dead States," now no longer
Slates, but Territories. Nothing to my mind
seems more illogical, not to say absurd. If dead,
they are not States, and have no governments
to be guarantied. If Territories, held by con-
quest, at the will and mercy (forgive the word)
of the conqueror, and you desire to convert
them into States, then observe the third sec-
tion of the fourth article, and you will find ex-
plicit and undoubted authority to proceed—
"Xo'.v States may be admitted by the Congress into
the Union."
Yery slight attention to the history of the
fourth section of the fourth article will, I think,
sustain my view of the section. The framers
of the Constitution intended to guard against
the return of any State to an aristocratical, mo-
narchical, or any other form of government not
republican. They also designed to guard the
States against invasion and domestic violence.
When it is remembered that at the close of
the Revolution there were not wanting persons
who thought republics insecure, unstable, and
liable to degenerate into anarchy, it may be
seen at a glance why the wisdom of those great
men who devised our Constitution made it I he
duty of the Federal Government to guaranty,
to secure, to each State a "republican form of
government." All the States were interested
in having each State rest upon republican piiu-
ciples. Mr. Madison, in the forty-third number
of the Federalist, while explaining this clause,
holds the following language:
"In a confederacy founded on republican princi-
ples, and composed of republican members, the super-
intending Government ought, clearly to possess au-
thority to defend the system against aristocratic or
monarchical innovations. The more intimate the
nature of such a union may be the greater interest
have the members in the political institutions of each
other, and the greater right to insist that the forms
of Government under which the compact was entered
into should be substantially maintained."
Pursuing this subject, in the same letter, Mr.
Madison says:
"Where else could the remedy be deposited than
where it is deposited by the Constitution?"
And then, after answering some objections
that might be urged against giving the General
Government this right and power of guarantee,
he uses the following language, which indicates
that his mind was inspired with a vision of the
emergencies and calamities through which the
nation has passed. He says:
"If the interposition of the General Government
should not be needed, the provision forsuch an event
will be a harmless superfluity only. But who can say
what experiments maybe produced by the caprice of
particular States, by the ambition of enterprising
leaders, or by the intrigues and influence of foreign
Powers?"
Upon this clause in the Constitution guaran-
tying to each State a republican form of gov-
ernment I am willing to rest all the powers
exerciscd by the United States in crushingthe
late insurrection. The confederate States had,
prior to the rebellion, governments republican
m form. These governments had been recog-
nized by the General Government and they had
received the sanction of the people. The in-
surrection sought to change these governments
in their relations to the Union and to consoli-
date the insurgent States into a confederacy
resting upon an aristocracy, odious in princi-
ple, repugnant to liberty, and shocking to hu-
manity! It was the duty of the Federal Gov-
ernment to resist, and, if possible, to prevent
the consummation of this nefarious, anti-repub-
liean scheme. She accepted this duty. She
accepted it in behalf of the loyal and non-
revolting States; but more than this, she ac-
cepted it in behalf of the loyal minorities that
still remained in the insurgent States. The par-
ent Government was not deaf to the cry of this
minority, nor could she be; so long as she ac-
knowledged the great duty imposed by the Con-
stitution. I am not without authority on this,
point, which, in certain quarters, commands
more respect than it does from m,e. I there-
fore refer to the one hundred and twenty-ninth
section of volume one, Bishop's Criminal Law,
which says:
" When lor any reason, as for instance when a State
has passed what is termed in thesedays an ordinance
of secession, there ceases to be within the State a gov-
ernment under the Constitution of the United States,
the 'guarantee' mentioned in this section of the
Constitution attaches, and the 'United Statos' bo-
comes obligated to give the State a republican form
of government."
This opinion fully supports my construction
of the clause in the Constitution under consid-
eration, and hence I have quoted it, because I
agree that it is right, except in so far as it as-
serts that by an ordinance of secession "there
ceases to be a government within the State
under the Constitution of the United States."
This assertion is a fallacy, and I doubt if there
can be found a lawyer in this House who will
attempt to sustain it. Can an illegal and void
ordinance carry a State out of the Union ? Aud
what if this ordinance be followed by the organ-
ization of another government within such
State? This new government is illegal, uncon-
stitutional, and void, and the simple duty of
the General Government in such cases is to
sustain and guaranty the old, the legal, the re-
publican government previously existing and
constitutionally created. Why, sir, there were
once two conflicting governments in Rhode
Island—the Dorr government, and the old and
legal government, or one created under and
by the old charter government, and the Uni-
ted States, recognizing her power and duty
under the Constitution, interposed, and guar-
antied the rightful and legal government of
.Rhode Island; and this was done by the act of
the President of the United States, who, acting
under powers conferred on him by an act of
Congress, dated February 28, 1795, recognized
the constitutional government, and took meas-
ures to call out the militia to support the law-
ful authority of the State.
This act of the President was held by the
Supreme Court as settling the question, which
was the lawful government in the State; and
thus was fulfilled, in that case, by the United
States, the duty of guarantying to Rhode Island
her rightful government. I may refer to this
case again before closing, to exhibit its bear-
ing upon another branch of the subject.
1 have already shown that Mr. Bishop ad-
mits the duty of the United States to guaranty
to each State a republican form of government.
Now, let us follow him a little further, and ob-
serve, understandingly, what he says. In sec-
tion one hundred and thirty-two, volume one,
he remarks:
"Except, therefore, for tho clause guarantying re-
publican governments to the States, the United States
might, if it chose, after a State has committed what is
called an act of secession," * * * "legis-
late for it forever to the exclusion of any subsequent
State legislation. Hut the clause under consideration
provides that the United States shall guaranty to the
State a republican form of government. Therefore,
as soon as the guarantee is executed, the right of
legislation which the United States received from
the defunct State government flows out to the new
State government."
Ali this I find, sir, in Bishop, side by side
with the passages from this author referred to
by my honorable and learned colleague, [Mr.
Sheixabargek.] Here, sir, I find my theory
fully sustained. First, that when the States
seceded and set up new governments it was the
constitutional duty of the IXnited States to put
down the insurrection, restore the rightful au-
thority, and thus guaranty their republican gov-
ernments. This the B'ederal Government has
done. She has fully completed the work, thanks
to our skillful generals and our brave volun-
teers; and whatevor may have been the condi-
tion of the insurgent States during the rebellion,
now that it is crushed and the guarantee per-
formed; according to Mr. Bishop the right of
legislation which the United States received
from the defunct States during the insurrection
flows into the new State governments. There,
sir, it remains, reanimating, energizing that
which had been suspended, not destroyed.
There let it remain, giving power, authority,
supremacy, within constitutional limits, until
the sunlight, as well as the gentle dews and
genial rains, shall cease to warm and render
fruitful our mother earth.
I must again refer to Mr. Madison to show
what might and ought to be done under this
clause of the Constitution in behalf of minori-
ties when efforts shall be made to destroy law-
ful State governments. He was ansiyering
supposed objections to the clause under con-
sideration. See No. 48 of the Federalist. He
said:
"At first view, it might seem not to square with the
republican theory to suppose either that a majority
have not the right or that a minority will have the
force to subvei t a government. But theoretic reason-
ing in this, as in most other cases, must be qualified
hy the lessons of practice. Why may not illicit com-
binations be formed as well by a majority of a State,
especially a small State, as by a majority of a county
or a district of the same State? Andif (he authority
of the State ought, in the latter case, to protect the
local magistracy, ought not the Federal authority in
the former to support the State authority?"
And the author adds these significant words,
that deserve to be remembered:
"Besides, there are ecrtain parts of the State con-
stitutions which are so interwoven with tho federal
Constitution that a violent blow cannot be given to the
one without communicating the wound to the-other."
It is clear that when the lawful State govern-
ments are assailed theduty of the United States
is to interpose, and thus perform her obligation
set down in the Constitution to "guaranty" to
each State a republican form of government.
She may interpose to put down a small rebel-
lion, a local sedition about whisky in Pennsyl-
vania, or she may interpose in behalf of a small
minority, and against a wide-spread, gigantic
combination and conspiracy which, expanding
in its proportions, spreads treason into half the
Union and evokes an insurrection which, em-
bracing half the States, threatens with alarming
danger the nation's life, and calls for war, dis-
tinct, open war, to crush it. In either case the
object is the same—to guaranty to each State its
true republican government.
DIP THUNITED STATES ACCEPT THE DUTY OF GUAR-
ANTYING THE STATE GOVKRXMKXTS IN THE INSUR-
RECTIONARY DISTRICT, AND HAS SHE PERFORMED IT ?
The entire action of the Government is an
affirmative answer to this question. But there
is one prominent and important fact standing
out in such bold relief in behalf of this propo-
sition that I am compelled to direct the atten-
tion of the committee to it for a moment.
On the 22d of July, 1801, the House of Rep-
resentatives adopted what is called the Crit-
tenden resolution. This resolution declared—
"That the present deplorable war hns been forced
upon the country by thedisunionists of the southern
States now in revolt against the constitutional Gov-
ernment, and in armsuround the capital: that in this
national emergency Congress, banishing all feeling of
mere passion orresentment, will recollect only itsduty
to the whole country; that this war is not waged on
our part in any spiiit of oppression, nor for any pur-
pose of conquest or subjugation, nor for tho purpose
of overthrowing or interfering with the rights or es-
tablished institutions of those States: but to defend
and maintain the supremacy of the Constitution, and
to preserve the Union with all tho dignity, equality,
and rights of the several States unimpaired; that as
soon as these objects are accomplished the war ought
to cease."
This resolution passed the House by the un-
usual majority of one hundred and twenty-two
against two; and two days later the same reso-
lution, offered in the Senate by the now Presi-
dent of the United States, passed that body by
a vote of thirty against five. This resolution
is the solemn assertion of the United States,
by both branches of its Legislature, that the
war was prosecuted, not to oppress, not to con-
quer, nor to subjugate, nor to overthrow, nor to
