2528
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
against each other in opposition to the policy
of the Republican party whichMr. Johnson
inherited from the Administration that went
before him.
" Black spirits and white.
Bed spirits and gray;
Mingle, mingle, mingle,
You that mingle may."
Now, Mr. President, I will tarn to another
point. The Senator from Nevada denounces
me, as well as the honorable gentleman who
sits beside me, [Mr. Cowas,] because we sus-
tain here what are denominated State rights.
Sir, I do stand here to defend State rights—not
State wrongs, but the rights which do belong to
the States under the Constitution ; not a right
to secede from the TInion, not a right to break
up the Government, not a right to overthrow
the authority of the Government and form a
new Government; but the rights which the
Constitution does secure are just as sacred to
me as any other right for which my heart ever
aspired or my voice has ever pleaded. I tell
you, sir—and that, in my judgment, is the great
mistake of the men who are continually strain-
ing every nerve to centralize all power here in
the Federal Government—I tell you, if it were
the last word I ever uttered, that unless we can
defend the rights of the States, it is in vain to
hope that we can defend the rights of any indi-
vidual citizen who resides within the States.
For the great mass of human rights, the rights
which I have in my family, in my wife, in my
children, iu my home, in all my surroundings,
in my reputation, in my person, in all the great
rights which I hold dear, I find my protection
in the power and independence of the State in
which 1 live. It is Wisconsin which defends
my wife, my children, my homestead, all those
near and dear liberties that cluster around and
make life on earth desirable. The Federal
Government defends "Wisconsin from aggres-
sions from abroad. The Federal Government
defends Wisconsin in the enjoyment of free and
unrestricted commerce and liberty with the
other States of the Union. But, sir, when it
comes home to the liberties of the individual
citizen, I tell you that State rights, and Suite
rights alone, are their protection ; and the man
who overlooks it does not understand the very
foundation oil which our liberties rest.
Sir, while I would give to this Government
every power which the Constitution gives, while
I am willing to sacrificc all that I have and all
that I am to maintain its supremacy, I tell you
with just as much earnestness that I am for
defending the rights of the States under the
Constitution from being aggressed and en-
croached upon by the insidious legislation of
Congress. Let no man, therefore, stand up to
charge me with believing in the doctrine of
secession. The right to secede is not one of
the rights of the States; but it is one of the
rights of the States to defend and control their
own domestic institutions. I say to gentlemen
here who are pressing every nerve to concen-
trate all power in this Government that they
are sleeping on a political volcano of which
they form no conception—a volcano that will
sweep them and the party that they sustain out
of power, if they continue to trespass upon the
rights of the States, with as much certainty,
and consign them to as much condemnation as
the old Federal party of 1800 ever received at
the hands of the American people.
Sir, to defend the rights of I he States is our
great duty now. We have fought the battle for
the Union. We have crushed all opposition
to its supremacy. We have compelled every
armed rebel to ground his arms and submit to its
authority. All the war forces and war enginery
of this great Government are- waked up and
arc in full play. The train is made up, the
engines are in motion, and all the danger is
that now that the war which waked up these
forces to engage in it have ceased, now that
peace has come, we must still keep the war
engines on the track, and the war powers in
full operation.
hi my judgment, that is the great mistake
which the honorable Senator from Nevada
makes. He does not realize that the war has
ceased. lie is still making war on the South.
He is still denouncing them as rebels. He is
still firing the northern heart and treating
them as if they were.still in arms against the
Government. Sir, that is not the duty of this
hour. 1 know very well that when we were in
the midst of this great war that with whatever
force of language or of sentiment or of thought
I have been endowed I have urged upon the
people when the war was pending to wake up
all these tremendous powers. I remember
on one occasion to have used this language, on
the 9th of February, 1864:
" War and not peace is our real situation. What-
ever may have produeed this state of tfrings, war is
upon us with all its necessities, with all its realities,
with all itsstcrn duties, and we must fight it through.
At this hour, whatever will give strength to our ar-
mies in the field and bring revenue to support them,
demands the first consideration of Congress and of
every department of this Government. If left to me
I would speak but one word,' Fill up the ranks, press
on the columns.' To spare the unnecessary shedding
of blood, tosavetheresourcesof tliecountry; tosolve
all financial questions, and put our credit upon a ba-
sis so strong as to command the money of the world, I
would speak no other word But 'Fill up the ranks,
press on the columns.' To secure liberty and Union ;
to secure peace with all the other nations by inspir-
ing them with respect, and to put a final end to that
conspiracy, founded on slavery, which makes war
against us, I would still say, as the most radical and
at the same time the most certain of all measures,
' Fill up the ranks, press on the columns.'"
That, sir, was the language of myself as a
humble member of this body when we were
in the midst of the war, when blows were to be
struck and victories to be won or all to be
lost. That was the language when I could
feel in my soul that the very life of this country
depended upon the many arms of her sons ;
whether the country was to live or die depended
on whether we could crush the military force of
the rebellion. Sir, we have crushed it, in the
blessing of God, we have broken it down, it
has surrendered; and now what is our con-
dition? Peace. ' What are our victories now
to be won? Moral victories. Then it was mil-
itary victories, the war of forces ; now it is a
war of mind with mind, heart with heart, judg-
ment with judgment, sentiment with sentiment,
prejudices to be overcome, heartsto be warmed
into affection to the Government; and the man
who does not know that in a moral warfare
magnanimity is more powerful than denuncia-
tion, that love is more attractive and powerful
than hatred, knows nothing of the human heart.
He has not read history, he has not studied
statesmanship, he knows nothing of Chris-
tianity or of its divine teachings, who does not
know that a fallen, stricken foe, surrendering
to your power, is better governed by magna-
nimity than by vengeance, by love than by hate.
But, say these gentlemen, the President is
abusing the power to pardon. I have in my
hand one of the forms of this instrument which
is executed as the pardon. It is executed upon
conditions, and the conditions which are im-
posed have commanded the judgment and the
admiration of the world. Sir Morton Peto—
if my honerable friend from Massachusetts will
allow me to quote a titled authority—Sir Mor-
ton Peto, when he returned from this country
to Europe, spoke of the conditions which were
contained in this instrument of pardon upon
which the rebels renewed or declared th^jr
renewal of allegiance to the Government as a
thing which would challenge the admiration of
mankind. One would think, standing here
and listening to the arguments of gentlemen
like the Senator from Nevada, that we were in
the court of St. Petersburg dealing with
Poland, or that we were in the court of some
of the tyrannical kings of England dealing
with Ireland. "Confiscation!" Hanging!"
"Infernal rebels—give them no terms and
no quarter!" "They are no longer to be
regarded as worthy of the name of an Amer-
ican citizen," though they have surrendered,
taken the oath of allegiance, laid down their
arms, and for months and months, and for
a whole year or more have shown by their acts
and by their conduct that they are determined
to live at peace and in subjection to the laws
of the United States; and so well have they
behaved that even the Senator himself, with all
the vengeance to which he could give utter-
ance, declares here, when I put the question
to him and brought him to the point, that he
himself would not try but five or six.
I will just refer to one or two of the condi-
tions which are contained in the pardon. The
President grants to an individual—
"Full pardon and amnesty for all offenses by him
committed, arising from participation, direct or im-
plied, in the said rebellion, conditioned as follows:
" 1. This pardon to -be of no effect until the said A
B shall take the oath prescribed in the proclama-
tion of the President, dated May 29,1865."
And, sir, what is that oath? It is an oath
by which the party solemnly swears—
"iii presence of Almighty God that I will hence-
forth faithfully support, protect, and defend the Con-
stitution of the United States, and the union of the
States thereunder, and that I will in like manner
abide by and faithfully support all laws and procla-
mations which have been made during the existing
rebellion with reference to the emancipation of
slaves. So help me God."
Every man who accepts this pardon takes it
upon condition that he will support the eman-
cipation proclamation of the President of the
United States and all the laws of Congress
passed in relation to the emancipation of the
slaves. This binds them by the express con-
dition of the pardon itself. If they violate it,
if they refuse to obey those laws, if for any
reason they t hall violate this oath, not only the
crime of moral perjury rests upon them, but
the pardon itself becomes absolutely void.
What further, Mr. President? This pardon
contains another condition, that it is "to be
void and of no cffcct if the said A B shall
hereafter at any time acquire any property
whatever in slaves or make use of slave labor."
The great majority of these pardons were
issued before the constitutional amendment
had been adopted by a number of States suffi-
cient to ratify it. Bear in mind thai the great
object, one of the very greatest objects in view
in the closing up of this rebellion was the utter
extirpation of slavery ; and every man who took
a pardon bound himself to favor the proclama-
tion of emancipation and bound himself never
to own any slave labor or to buy or sell a slave.
This was binding them in advance of the pas-
sage of the constitutional amendment. I under-
take to say that no wiser, more politic, or more
efficient instrumentality could be used in the
southern States than to bind the men who
sought pardon to favor emancipation and the
emancipation proclamations and the extinction
of slavery. Sir, to whom were these pardons
given ? Generally to those men who have prop-
erty. If a man living in a State where slavery
existed is not permitted himself to own slaves,
does he desire that the institution of slavery
should exist around him? Not at all. Itmakes
it his interest, his policy, as well as his sworn
duty, to do all in his power to extirpate sla-
very, what we were trying to do. Men are
denouncing the President of the United States
for doing the very thing for which we had been
struggling in this contest, denouncing the par-
dons given by the President when they were
the greatest instrumentality to influence that
people and operate upon the minds of that peo-
ple to bring them to favor the emancipation of
the slaves and the adoption of this very con-
stitutional amendment..
I say, then, let us hear no more of this denun-
ciation here because the Executive in the exer-
cise of that high power with which the Consti-
tution has clothed him, has used his power in
the most potent way possible to destroy the
institution of slavery, at the same moment that
he was binding them by oath, by interest, and
by duty to support the Government of the Uni-
ted States.
Every pardon was accepted by the person
receiving it upon these express conditions. I
have before me the form of acceptance ad-
dressed to the Secretary of State:
Hon. William H. Seward, Recretnr-y of Btate:
Kir.' [ have the honor to acknowledge the receipt
of the President's warrant of pardon bearing dato
77 . 18b—, and hereby signify my acceptance of
the same, with all the conditions therein specified.
There is one other point in the Senator's
speech to which I wish to call attention. He
