ml
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January BO,
out the country, and much less by the liberty-
loving people.
J3ttt let us look more closely at this narrow
construction. Where does it leave us? We are
told that the amendment simply relieves the
Slave from the obligation to render service to
his master. What is a slave in contemplation
of American law, in contemplation of the laws
of all the slave States ? We know full well;
the history of two hundred years teaches us
that he had no rights, nor nothing which he
could call his own. He had not the right to
become a husband or^ father in the eye of the
law, he had no child, he was not at liberty to
indulge the natural affections of the human
heart for children, for wife, or even for friend.
He owned no property, because the law prohib-
ited him. He could not take real or personal
estate either by sale, by grant, or by descent
or inheritance. He did not own the broad he
earned and ate. He stood upon the face of the
earth completely isolated from the society in
which he happened to bo; he was nothing but
a chattel, subject to the will of his owner, and
unprotected in his rights by the law of (he State'
where he happened to live. His rights, did I
say? No, sir, I use inappropriate language.
He had no rights; he was an animal; he was
property, a chattel. The Almighty, according
to the ideas of the times, had made him to be
property, a chattel, and not a man.
Now, sir, it is not denied that this relation
of servitude between the former negro slave
and his master was actually severed by this
amendment. But the absurd construction now
forced upon it leaves him without family, with-
out property, without the implements of hus-
bandly, and even without the right to acquire
or use any instrumentalities of carrying 011 the
industry of which he may be capable ; it leaves
him without friend or support, and even without
the clothes to cover his nakedness. He is a
waif upon the current of time; ho has nothing
that belongs to him on the face of the earth
except solely his naked person. And here, in
this state, wo are called upon to abandon the
poor creature whom we have emancipated.
We are cooly told that he has no right beyond
this, and we are told that under this amend-
ment the power of the State within whose limits
he happens to be is not at all restrained in
respect to him, and that the State through its
Legislature may at any time declare him to bo
a vagrant, and as such commit him to jail, or
assign him to uncompensated service.
Now, Mr. President, T ask these gentlemen'—
I-appeal not only to their knowledge of the time
principles of construction, but I appeal to their
humanity—to say whether it is possible inno-
cently and sincerely to ascribe to the advocates
of this amendment any such cruel and inhuman
purpose as this? No, sir; I think they cannot
lay their hands upon their hearts and say that
in advocating this amendment wo intended to
leave the negro in so helpless and destitute a
condition. But if theirs be the true construc-
tion, then it is competent for the Legislature of
each State to declare by law that no negro who
has once been a slave shall .ever, within the
limits of that State, have the right or privilege
of earning and purchasing property; of having a
home under which to shelter him and his fam-
ily, if he has one ; of having a wife and family,
or of eating the bread he earns; thusleavingitin
the power of these interested States to expatri-
ate him at any moment and drive him beyond
their limits ; to deprive him of a home, to de-
prive him of all the fruits of his toil and his
industry, and finally to reduce him to a condi-
tion infinitely worse than that of actual slavery,
by compelling him to labor at such price as the
old master may see fit to pay him, while at the
same time, he not being a slave, has no claim
whatever upon that old master for support, thus
treating him as a nuisance upon the face of the
earth.
o, sir. such was not the intention of the
advocates of this amendment. Its intention was
to make him the opposite of a slave, to make
him a freeman. And what are the attributes
'of a freeman according to the universal under-
standing of the American people? Is a free-
man to be deprived of the right of acquiring
pi-operty, of the right of having a family, a wife,
children, home? What definition will you at-
tach to the word " freeman'' that does not in-
clude those ideas? The once slave is no longer
a slave; he has become, by means of emanci-
pation, a free man. If such be the case, then
in all common sense is he not entitled to those
rights which wo concede to a man who is free?
Mr. President, I do not understand the bill
which is now before ns to contemplate anything
else but this, that in respect to all civil rights
—and those are some of the civil rights which
I have just enumerated—there is to be here-
after no distinction between the white race and
the black race. It is to secure to these men
whom we have made free the ordinary rights
of a freeman and nothing else. Its first sec-
tion declares that:
The inhabitants of every race and color, without
regard to any previous condition of slavery or invol-
untary servitude, except as a punishment for crime
whereof theparty shall have been duly convietcd. shall
have thesame 1 ightjto make and enforee contracts, to
sue, be parties, and give evidence, to inheiit, purchase,
lease, sell, hold, and convey real and personal prop-
erty, and to full and equal benefit of 11 laws and pro-
ceedings for the security of person and property, and
shall be subjeet to like punishment, pains, and penal-
ties, and to none other, any law. statute, ordinance,
regulation, or custom, to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
There is no invasion of the legitimate rights
of the States. It contemplates nothing of the
kind ; but it simply gives to persons who are of
different races or colors the same civil rights.
That is its full extent; it goes no further; and
I sincerely trust that this nation, having by an
expenditure of blood and treasure unexampled
in the history of the human race, having by
their chief Executive declared the slaves in
the United Stales forever emancipated and free,
and in doing this great act appealed to the favor
and approval of a just God ; having employed
this class of persons to the number of nearly
two hundred thousand in the prosecution of our
just and righteous war, will not now be found so
recreant to duty, so wanting in simple justice,
as to turn our backs upon the race and say to
them, " We set yon free, but beyond this we
give you no protection; we allow you again to be
reduced to slavery by your old masters, because
it is the right of the State which has enslaved
you for two hundred years thus to do." Sir,
let me tell you and the Senators who have ad-
vocated the opposite side of this question that
if we fail in this high duty, if we fail to redeem
this solemn pledge which we have given to the
slave, to the world, and in the presence of Al-
mighty God, the time is not far distant when we
shall reap the fruits of our treachery and im-
becility in woes which wc have not yet wit-
nessed, in terrors of which even the civil war
that has just passed has furnished no example.
The PRESIDENTjpro tempore. The ques-
tion is 011 the amendment moved by the Senator
from Illinois.
Mr. EA NE, of Kansas. T propose an amend-
ment to the amendment, which has been sub-
mitted to the chairman of the committee and
has been agreed to by him. It is after the word
"Power,'- in the third line of the amendment,
to insert "or tribal authority;" so as to read,
"All persons born in the United Stales, and not
subject to any foreign Power or tribal author-
ity, are hereby declared to be citizens of the
United States," &e.
Mr. TRUMBULL. I have no objection to
that amendment. It will make the amendment
I offered more specific. I think it would mean
that without it, but still I have no objection
to it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Mr. President, if "this bill
is to pass into a law, it is of course advisable—•
and I am sure 110 one will admit that with more
readiness than the honorable member of the
committee who reported it—that it should be as
free from objections as it can be made. What
I am about to suggest is not, therefore, for the
purpose of defeating the bill, though I shall not
be able to vote for it with the opinion I enter-
tain on the question of power, but for the pur-
pose of improving the bill, or at least relieving
it from objections to' which it seems to me to be
now subjcct.
The particular question before the Senate is
the amendment suggested by the honorable
chairman of the Judiciary Committee, as now
amended by the honorable member from Kan-
sas. By that amendment he proposes to define
citizenship. Nobody is more willing to admit
that it is very desirable that such a definition
should be given. Since the decision in the case
of Dred Scott, as the Senate are aware, a per-
son of African descent, whether born free or
not, whether free by birth or free by after events,
is not, within the meaning of the Constitution
of the United States, a citizen.
Whatever objections may be made to that
decision, with reference to the great question
which was decided and the question which agi-
tated the country far and wide, cannot be made
to that part of the decision which relates to the
particular point which I have just stated. The
objection to the decision upon the great ques-
tion was that that was not before the court for
adjudication. The suit was instituted in a State
court of Missouri, and afterward went into the
circuit court of the United States, and was
brought, by writ of error, from the decision of
the circuit court to the Supreme Court of the
United States. There were two questions.
The first was whether Scott was a citizen of the
United States within the meaning of the third
article of tliq Constitution, which creates and
defines the extent of the judicial power. The
act of 1789 could not go further, perhaps, than
the Constitution provided. The Senate will
remember that by that third article the judicial
power of the United States was made to extend
to, among other cases, controversies existing
between citizens of different States. It was
very clear, therefore, that no one could be con-
sidered as embraced by that power except a
person who should be a citizen of the United
States. The point was made in the court below,
and upon the writ of error to the Supreme Court
six judges out of eight, I think, decided that
Scott was not a citizen ; and not being a citi-
zen, that the court below had no jurisdiction to
try the cause.
The Supreme Court, however, went on after-
ward, for reasons satisfactory to the majority,
to decide the questions which arose upon the
merits, as they must have decided them if they
had sustained the point of jurisdiction.
As far as the decision upon the merits was
concerned, it was held to be obnoxious to very
seiious objection, and perhaps a large majority
of the people of the United States, including a
great many of the members of the profession
throughout the United States, were of opinion
that when the court came to the conclusion that
they had no jurisdiction because of the inca-
pacity of the party to sue, all that they should
have done was to affirm the judgment of the
court below upon the ground of" want of juris-
diction. But as the Senate will see, the very
point whether an African, free or not free born,
free or becoming free afterward by State man-
umission or by manumission given him by his
owner, was a citizen of the United States, was
before that court and was adjudicated.
Now, without saying where the question has
presented itself to my mind, it is sufficient for
my purpose to say that I have been exceed-
ingly anxious individually that there should be
some definition which will rid this class of our
people from that objection. If the Supreme
Court decision is a binding one and will be fol-
lowed in the future, this law which we are now
about to pass will be held of course to be of
110 avail, as far as it professes to define what
citizenship is, because it gives the rights of cit-
izenship to all persons without distinction of
color, and of course embraces Africans or de-
scendants of Africans.
My own opinion, therefore, is that the object
can only be safely and surely attained by an
amendment of the Constitution, and 1 have
tried in vain to form such a provision as would
be free from objection. Whether I or those
who may be associated with me in the future
will bo able to adopt a definition free from all
