156®
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
ing in all cases of election by all bodies, cor- ]
porate or otherwise.' . _ i
Bat how was it in this case? In this case
the two bodies of the Legislature met in con-
vention : when so met, the convention, without
any legislative act, without any such authority
conferred upon them, without anything done
on the subject by the Legislature which formed
the body, undertook to say that they would
change the received, acknowledged, parlia-
mentary law and common law in thek mode
of proceeding, and instead of acting according
to that law, and being governed by that law as
the Legislature must have intended it should
be, would elect in a total different manner from
that prescribed by that law, namely, by a plu-
rality vote, for which they had no legislative
sanction, for which there was no authority but
their own will. Senators will admit that if
they could do it in that way, they could do it
in any other way ; they could do it by putting
the names into a box and drawing them out;
they could select any mode that they chose
and make an election in that way, contrary to
what the law was, and ought always to be.
This is the simple statement of the case;
there is nothing else in it that I can perceive
from beginning to end. The question is simply
whether when '■ the Legislature'' is the body to
choose and the Legislature has delegated that
power to a convention of the members of the
two Houses, without authorizing that conven-
tion, by any authority given to it from them-
selves "by any legislative act, to change the
ordinary, legal, parliamentary mode of pro-
ceedingalwnys recognized, that convention thus
gottogcther-may adopt any course of proceed-
ing Unit they see lit to do, and which was nc-
cess.uily legislative in its character, because it
was changing the Jaw? That being the simple
question, I do not see any way in which the
necessary lesult can be avoided, namely, that
Mr. Stockton, the claimant of this scat, was not
elected legally, because he did not receive a
majority of the voles of either House of the
Legislature, and as the case stands he was
elected merely by a plurality of the convention,
not receiving a majority of the votes either of
the .Senate or of the House, of Representatives
of the Legislat ure of N ew Jersoy.
But if i understand the report, the answer is
made that the convention had been previously
in the habit of passing rules in reference to
their proceedings in joint meeting. So far as
those rules related to the election of State offi-
cers, they have nothing in the world to do with
this question. There is no connection what-
ever between the subjects. They might make
such rules as they saw fit in regard to the elec-
tions of .State oflieers. Jt is said, however, and
L do not know but that the fact is so, that they
had been in the habit of making rules in regard
to the election of United States .Senators. Sup-
pose they had ; if they made rules beforehand
"'and acted upon tlieiu, those rules, although
(hey may have been acceded to and not ques-
tioned, weiv not necessarily legal. It so hap-
pened, however, thaUprevious to this election
their rules had invariably required that in order
10 make an election one person should receive
a majority of the votes of the members elected
to the Legislature, or a majority of the mem-
bers present, a quorum being present. An
election made in either of these ways would of
course be legal, no matter what rule they had.
If they had'made no rule whatever, but had
simply gone on to make an election, and an
individual had received a majority of the votes
ot all the members present., those members
being a quorum of the whole body, he would
be elected. If their rules required a vote of a
majority of the members elected to the Legis-
lature, and any one individual received that
vote, he would have been elected as a matter
of couiv.e, then; being a majority of a quorum
present. Nobody would think of disputing the
l'l^ht of the member so chosen. But because
they made and acted upon a rule which was
consistent with parliamentary law and consist-
ent entirely with the common lav/ in relation
to such matters, it does not follow that they are
authorized to make a rule which overturns par
liamentary law, overturns the common law, for
that could not be done without legislative sanc!
tion; that is, without, the action of the two bod-
ies separately legislating.
The practice is of no sort of consequence and
cannot Bo used as an argument for proceeding
in a wrong direction. A practice which results
in a thing perfectly legal and proper cannot be
pleaded as a precedent for a thing that is illegal
and improper. A practice which is consistent'
with a power that exists cannot be pleaded as
a precedent for the exercise of a power that
does not exist and that has never been granted.
This is the first time in the history of New
Jersey that an attempt has been made to elect
by a minority, by a plurality,of votes. There
is no precedent of the kind either in that State
or in any other in the election of United States
Senators. I think, therefore, this answer does
not hold ; and I revert to the original principle
which I laid down, that the election must be
by the Legislature ; that if the Legislature del-
egates that power to a convention, the conven-
tion must proceed according to the ordinary
rules of parliamentary proceeding, or of com-
mon law proceedings in the case of corpora-
tions, election by a majority. That is always
the rule unless it is otherwise specially pro-
vided.' If the convention undertakes to vary
from that and make a now rule, it assumes a
legislative function which is not committed to
it in any manner or to any extent. That is the
simple principle upon which 1 put the case, and
to my mind it is clear.
Mr". STOCKTON. I desire to ask (he Senator
from Maine a question before ho takes his seat.
1 do not know whether I clearly apprehend him:
but I wish to know whether he takes the posi-
tion that tin; joint meeting had not (he power
to decide how the Senator should be elected.
Mr. FESSENDIiN. 1 take that position most
decidedly and thoroughly, that it has not the
power to decide how a Senator shall be .elected
if it varies fiom the ordinary received mode.
It may make its own rules on mere minor de-
tails as to matters of form ; it may choose its
presiding officer, or anything of that sort. But
I hold that it cannot undertake to change the
parliamentary law or the common law, because
that is a matter that only the Legislature can
do. Any change in the ordinary modes of pro-
ceeding, such as are recognized by the law,
must be by the Legislature itself, beeausc iwis
the Legislature, and not the convention, that
chooses the Senator.
Mr. STOCKTON. Mr. President, I pro-
pose to read a few sentences from the language
used by Mr. Fesskxdex in the debate in the
Senate on Harlan's case:
" The convention being formed "—
In this ease the Senator admits that the joint
meeting was legally formed—
"The. convention bring formed, (and you may sup-
pose it formed under the act, or in contravention of
it,) it remains to inquire what were the incidents of
the t-onve.nl ion itself. A convention lias certain legal
incidents. It. lias the power to adi.ourn, if it is lccra.ll5£
formed. It lias the power to decide what, shall con-
stitute a quorum, if there is no overruling constitu-
tional provision on thai, point. It^ias the power to
organize. It has the power to decide who shall pre-
side over it. It has a power ot perpetuation unless
its existence is terminated by a superior power at a
certain time. Then tliHconventionbeingasscmbled.
whether under the statute or not, on coming together
had these incidents: the power of deciding how the
Senator should be elected."—Congressional Globe,
Thirty-Fourth ('onorest, third sesxioa, p. 294.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Within the limits of
the law, of course.
Mr. STOCKTON. I did not rise to say
anything on this subject at present; but let me
say, as 1 am on the floor, that the Constitution
of the United States, which might have de-
clared that a plurality could elect, took all the
power it was capable of conveying and con-
veyed it all to the State Legislatures. The
Senator from Maine is accurate in saying that
the Legislat ure is created by the Constitution
of the United States the body to elect Sen-
ators ; but the State constitution is to define
of what the Legislature consists. This ques-~
tion had been raised before the formation of
the constitution of New Jersey in 1848 ; and
to put.it beyond dispute, the report of the com-
mittee of the constitutional convention was
amended so as to make the constitution of our
.State declare the joint meeting to be the Le-
gislature. The constitution of New J ersey for
that express purpose not only declares it a
Legislature when sitting separately, but de-
clares it to be a Legislature when in joint meet-
ing assembled. All the power that the Con-
stitution of the United States Lad over the
subject, of the election of United States Sen-
ators it gave to the Legislature; it is admitted
that the State constitution alone could declare
what the Legislature was ; it has so declared,
and yet it is now said that that Legislature is
incapable of saying how the Senators shall be
elected; they may elcct, but they are incapa-
ble of saying how the election shall be made.
That is the argument.
Mr. President, I deny that the gentleman
from Maine states the parliamentary law cor-
rectly. By the parliamentary law the natural
rule in a deliberative body is undoubtedly that
the majority shall govern, unless some previous
agreement or rule of the body permits a smaller
number to cast the vote, or requires a larger
number; and in that case Mr. Cushing declares
that it is by virtue of the major vote that the
act is done. The King cannot authorize a
private man to create a corporation, but a pri-
vate man may name the corporators, and it '
becomes a corporation by virtue of the grant
of the King. In the same way the vote here
was the vote of a majority, and it is a misno-
mer to call it anything else ; and the whole of
this ease has been misconceived by the gentle-
men on the other side on this ground. It was
the power of the majority vote which made the
election.
Shall L stop, Mr. President, to refer to pre-
cedents? It is paid that no such thing has
ever been done in New Jersey. From the
earliest times we have claimed the right in
New Jersey, and exercised it, of dropping a
candidate. Is not that a power similar to per-
mitting by a majority vote a plurality vote to
elcct? Senators are not always elected in
New Jersey, or in any other State, I presume,
in precisely the same way. There is no argu-
ment against the validity of this election in the
fact that the rule by which it was made is rarely
resorted to. Tt is very seldom that a state of
things can arise where a majority will agree
beforehand to make a rule the result of the
adoption of which is clearly manifested. It is
rarely the case that, individuals will be willing
to vote for that rule when they will not vote
directly for the candidate whom it will elcct.
Senators may not be able to account for it.;
they may think it a singular state of things;
and so it is; but my political party were in
power at the time; we had a majority of five
in our Legislature. My predecessor, Mr. Ten
Eyck, upon this floor, and his friends, supposed
that they could elcct him by adopting the plu-
rality rule, because nine gentlemen belonging
to the Democratic party refused to go into cau-
cus and vote for me. It was impossible for
Mr. Ten Eyck, my predecessor, to be reelected
in any other way but by the plurality rule; and
he' and his friends originated the idea, and
upon the major vote adopting the plurality
rule eight or ten Republicans voted for it.
You will find that that rule was adopted by a
majority of one. When they saw some of
those nine Democrats falling ii>, they got up
and withdrew their votes in favor of the plu-
rality rule; but it wasa movement of the gentle-
men opposed to my election. No one doubted
at the time that it was a legal election. The
protest purports to have been signed five days
afterward; I suppose it is a matter of no im-
portance when it was signed. I can only say
I never heard of it for months afterward; and
some of the names upon it were not signed to
that paper a month before Congress met.
Mr. President, I say that the election was
adopted by the body sub silentio after the vote
was cast, "by every rule of parliamentary law.
V.'hy did not they continue the election? They
