1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
605
objection is perhaps doubtful; but at any rale
the effort can be made, and will be made in good
faith; but I am very much afraid that, so far
from settling the question by this legislation,
we shall find that if the legislation is adopted
the matter will be just as open to controversy
as it was before.
There is another observation with which I
beg leave to trouble the Senate, for the reason
that, as I have just stated, I individually have
found very great difficulty in saying who is a citi-
zen. It is a question about which there is as mueh
doubt as upon any other question in relation to
which there is any doubt. How those doubts
are to be solved, how the definition shall be
made so plain as to be apparent to the compre-
hension of everybody, is with me now a prob-
lem. I am afraid, even supposing that wc have
the authority to tto it by legislation, that the
manner in which it is proposed to accomplish
it by my friend from Illinois will not effect the
purpose.
Afrord now upon the bill only in one par-
ticular. Nobody I am sure with whom it has
been my happiness to associate during this war
and who knows how anxious I have been from
the first that the institution of slavery should be
abolished, will doubt that from the same motives
(whether they be of humanity or of some policy
founded on other considerations than mere con-
siderations of humanity) I should be equally
anxious that the eoloied race should be pro-
tected in all their rights: that is to say in all
proper rights.
The honorable member from Illinois yester-
day—I have not the book by me—referred to a
decision of Mr. Justice Washington as reported
I think in 4 Washington's "Circuit Court Re-
ports ; but if I heard him distinctly he did not
read the whole of that decision. He read that
portion of it alone which lie supposed bore upon
the particular question before the Senate ; but
I think it will be found that another portion of
it which succeeds the particula r part that he did
read, will not justify him in finding a warrant
' for this bill in the opinion of Mr. Justice Wash-
ington. The case, if I remember it, arose upon
an objection to the constitutionality of some of
the State laws of New Jersey in relation to their
fishing and their oysters. It was insisted that
under the clause of the Constitution which se-
cures to the citizens of each State the rights and
privileges of citizens of the several Slates where
ever they shall go, a citizen ol New \ nrk had
the right to go into New Jersey and catcli fish
and dredge for oysters. New Jersey denied it.
The decision in that case was that New Jersey s
title to the oysters and to the fish was exclusiv c,
that she could legislate on the subject as she
thought proper, and that she could therefore
deny to the citizens of New York the privilege
of catching fish or of dredging for oysters. He
goes on to give the reasons why the particular
rights which were involved in that ease were not
in the judgment of the court "fundamental
rights." He first states what, in the view of
the court, were rights of the latter description,
and then goes on to say that this right of prop-
ertv is not one of those fundamental righ is which
is secured by the clause of the Constitution the,
interpretation of which was before the court ill
tliat ease. _
Now, Mr. President, the right of a State to
its fisheries and to its oyster beds within its ter-
ritorial limits is no greater than the right of the
State to its real estate, its land within the same
limits; and it has been the universal decision
that the mode of purchasing land, the mode of
conveying land, and the right to purchase were
all within the jurisdiction of the State in which
the subject of the purchase was located. N ow,
if I understand this bill, it is not confined to
persons of African descent._ The language ot
the first part of the first section is :
That there shall bo no discrimination in civil
rights or immunities amojic the mhaoitants oi nnj
State or Territory of the United utatea on account of
race, color, or previous condition ot slavery.
That is 1.0 savj that no State shall discrim-
inate'at all between any inhabitants within her
limits Oil account of any race to which tliej may
belong, whether white or black, on account of
color, if they are not white, or on account of
their having been previously in a state of sla-
very, so that the white as well as the black is
included in this first section; and if this passes,
and we have the authority to pass it, then it
would be impossible, as I think, for any State
in the Union to draw any distinction as between
her citizens who have been (here from birth or
■who have been residents there for any length
of time, and lie who comes into the State now
for the first time as a foreigner; he becomes
an "inhabitant." If he comes from England
or from any of the countries of the world and
settles in the State of Illinois, that niomenthe
becomes an inhabitant, and being an inhabitant,
if this bill is to pass in the shape in which it
stands, he can buy, he can sell, he can hold,
and he can be inherited from.
Mr. TRUMBULL. If the Senator will allow
me, that is the law of Illinois to-day.
Mr. J OHNSON. That may be; but it is not
necessarily the law of Illinois. That is the law
of Illinois, and Illinois has aright to make it
lier law; bat I am speaking now of the question
of power. Illinois has a right now to repeal
that law. What Illinois has done has not been
done by a great many of the .States, or perhaps
by a majority of the States. They will notper-
mit aliens to purchase or to hold, or if they do,
they do not permit others to inherit through
them. It is subject now in all the States as far
as I am aware—in the absence of legislation I
am sure it must be so—to escheatat the instance
of the Government.
But that is not all. That observation applies
to everybody, without distinction of color or
without reference to their antecedent condition;
but in terms we are not left to infer that it was
not intended to apply it to the blacks, because
that is its chief provision, and no doubt is the
provision for which the bill was supposed to be
necessary. I take it for granted that neither
the honorable member from Illinois nor any
other member of the Senate would perhaps have
thought it necessary to introduce such a bill as
this but for the condition in which the blacks
arc; so that the object of the bill is mainly to
provide for the ease of blacks. Now, what does it
do? There exists i n t he States of the Union,and
there must exist in e\ery Government clothed
with the power of governing well and of pre-
serving the peace and harmony of society, a
police power; there exists a power to legislate
iu relation to the prejudices of the people, a
power not to legislate against their prejudices.
Everybody knows that it a Legislature blindly
legislates upon a subject which is obnoxious to
the whole community that issubjcct to its power
for a time, it is an act of no practical impor-
tance. How has it been in the eastern States
with regard to the fugitive slave law of 1850?
I mention it not with a view to find fault with
the feeling on the subject that has existed m
what have been called the free Slates.
The original fugitive slave law of 1703, which
was passed at the instance of General W aslu
ington. was oi it sol 1 very obnoxious at Iho time
lo'a great many : but the author of the law of
IS.iO—I do not like to name him. because lam
I willing, for his sake, that his name in Ihatcou-
liection should be forgotten—admitted, as we
i have it from the authority of Mr. Clay, that he
j had made that law as obnoxious as lie could in
order to prevent its being observed in the States
where slavery did not exist, and he accom-
plished his purpose. The law in one or two
instances was enforced in one sense, but how
enforced? Enforced by power, by military or
civil power, threatening upon each occasion
when report was had to it to involve the par-
ticular community where the attempt was made
in civil strife and bloodshed. Hie result was
, that no man who lost a slave, unless he wanted
! to make it the subject, of political agitation m
the South, dreamed ot going to the North to
! recover him ; it could not he done. Even the
! honorable member from Massachusetts [Mr.
i Si'MXun] here upon the floor of the Senate, as
' he has over and over admitted, said that he v\as
! not a dog, and not being a dog, he would not
comply with the provisions of that law; and'he
spoke, no doubt, the sentiment of a large pro-
portion of the people of Massachusetts, and
perhaps what is the universal opinion of the
people of that State at this moment and of all
the loyal States. The law, therefore, became
a dead letter, not because Congress had not the
authority to pass it, for, as was stated just now
in debate, the Supremo Court by a unanimous
decision ruled that that law was constitutional,
and Mr. Webster, whose feelings were all_ the
other way no doubt, and who said his feelings
were all the other way, admitted in his cele-
brated speech of the 7th of March that it was a
constitutional law, however much he regretted
its provisions.
I mention that for the purpose of applying it
to one of the provisions of this bill. What is
to be its application? /There is not a State' in
which these negroes are to be found where sla-
very existed until recently, and 1 am not sure
that there is not the same legislation in some
of the States where slavery has long since been .
abolished, which docs not make it criminal for
a black man to marry a white woman, or for a-
white man^to marry a black woman; and they
do it notfor the purpose of denying any right to
the black man or to the white man, but for the
purpose of preserving the harmony_and peace
of society. The demonstrations going on now
in your free States show that a relation of that
description cannot be entered into without pro-
ducing some disorder. Do you not repeal all
that legislation by this bill? I do not know that
you intend to repeal it; but is it not clear that
all such legislation will be repealed, and that
consequently there may be a contract of mar-
riage entered into as between persons of these
different races, a white man with a black woman,
or a black man with a white woman ?/" If you
are prepared to repeal it, do you think that the
repeal will answer any practical purpose? Are
you not, on the contrary, rather inclined to be-
lieve that, like the fugitive slave law of 1850, if
enforced at all, and if these parties are to be pro-
tected at all, it must be enforced and the pro-
tection must be given by the bayonet? Is not
that the effect of the law? Still confining my-
self to the first scction, it says that these par-
ties, without distinction of color, "shall have
the same right to make and enforce contracts,"
to make contracts of any and e.very description.
Mr. FESSENDEN. Where is the discrim-
ination against color in the law to which the
Senator refer"?
Mr. JOHNSON. There is none; that is
what I say; that is the very thing I am finding
fault with.
Mr. TRUMBULL. This bill would not re-
peal the law 1o which the Senator refers, jj^.
there is no discrimination made by it.
Mr. JOHNSON. Would it not? We shall
see directly. Standing upon this section, it will
be admitted that the black man has the same
right to enter into a contract of marriage with
a white woman as a white man has, that is
clear, because marriage is a contract. I was
speaking of this without reference to any State
legislation. .
Mr. FESSENDEN. He has the same right to
make a contract of marriagowithawhitewoman
that a white man has with a black woman.
Mr. JOHNSON. Just wait a moment. My
friend from Maine is so quick that he cannot
wait for the operation of slower minds. If there
wore no laws m Maryland on the subject, then
the black man could marry a white woman, but
there are laws. What is the effect ofthose laws?
The first scction of this bill says that there is
to be no discrimination. The second scction
says that " any person who, under color of any
law, statute, ordinance, regulation, or custom,
shall subject or cause to be subjected any in-
habitant'of any State or Territory to the depri-
vation of any right secured or protected by this
act, or to different punishment," shall be pro-
ceeded again°t under this bill. Now, tnere is
a State law which says to the black man, " x ou
shall not marry a white woman,''' and says to
the white man", "You may." There is there-
fore in Maryland one law in .relation to this
