1866.]
APPENDIX- TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
39th Cong. ... 1st Sess.
Reconstruction—Mr. Delano.
Ho. of Reps.
interfere with the rights of the States, but to
defend, maintain, and preserve the Union with
all the dignity, equality, and rights of the sev-
eral States.
Mr. Speaker, can anything be clearer than
the truth of my proposition? Did not Congress
hereby and herein declare that we accepted the
war in order to make good the duty of guaran-
tying the State governments with all their dig-
nity, equality, and rights unimpaired? Was
this resolution a deliberate falsehood? Was it
a solemn farce? Was it a legislative lie? Or
was it a high and national manifesto to the
world and to the insurgent people as to the pur*
pose, object, and end for which the nation en-
gaged in war? I shall blush for my country if
she now renounces her solemn opinion; thus
expressed, and crucifiesState institutions which
she undertook to save. I observe, sir, with no
little astonishment that my honorable colleague
{Mr. Shellabarger] voted for this resolution.
1 will not pursue this proposition, but will ap-
ply, for a moment, principles to facts.
The seceding States passed ordinances of
secession. These were null. They formed
new political organizations, which not being
recognized by the United States were illegal
and void. Then they rose to arms and sub-
mitted the issue to the God of battles.
The Federal Government, recognizing her
rightful power and assuming her constitutional
duty, accepted the challenge, girded on her
armor, and went out in behalf of laws, consti-
tutions, and the downtrodden minority in the
insurgent States. The result of this fearful,
long, and bloody arbitration is before the world."
It is now history. And, sir, what is the ver-
dict of history thus written in blood ? It is that
the Union is saved ': that the States are saved;
and that we are to-day, as we ever have been,
one, one nation, unsevered, undivided. This
verdict, sir, has been vouchsafed us as a people
by the power and mercy of Him who holds the
stars in His palm, and who causes the wind to
blow where it listeth. This verdict has been
sealed by the blood of three hundred thousand
martyrs for liberty. It has been prayed for
by many mothers whose last son has been given
to secure this blessing, and by many widows
whose cheeks were furrowed by tears while
offering up the prayer.
And shall we now, sir, deny the result? Is
the flag of our country to be desecrated by
taking from its folds eleven stars? I pray
God, the breezes of heaven may never, never
unfurl before my eyes the banner of my coun-
try with a single emblem of entire and perfect
unity wanting upon its folds.
Pause, then, and consider well before you
say.that any State is dead, and is no longer an
integral part of this Union. It is a terrible
conclusion, and dangerous to reach. It leads
to fearful consequences.
Sir, if the authors of this theory do not con-
template these harsh results, certain it is, if we
adopt their reasoning, we start upon a road that
leads to the end I have pictured, and then, I
fear, it will be too late to interrupt our course.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I desire to ask the
gentleman a question, with his permission.
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman may pro-
pound his question. 1 will not say whether I
will answer it or not.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. My colleague has
defined very clearly what he conceives to be a
State. He admits the right ol" the majority of
the people in each State to change its form of
government, and also the right and duty of the
national Government to guaranty to each State
a republican form of government. I wish to
know whether he intends us to understand that
when our armies marched into the South, we
were, on the fall of the rebellion, to maintain the
govern ments we found established by the people
in each of said States, which were not, as I con-
ceive, constitutional State governments; or were
we to caintain the old governments, which the
people Dy their own act had abolished?
Mr. DELANO. Mr. Speaker, 1 do notclaim
to be a very clear-headed man; I do not make
any such pretension. But if I have been so
muddy as to lead anybody to believe that ! was
arguing that this Government should guaranty
the authorities that the rebellion set up in the
States, I am yery sorry for my ignorance and
for my incapacity to express myself. I was
trying -to show that the United States Govern-
ment was bound to guaranty, as the Constitu-
tion requires, the old. governments which had
been admitted to be republican in farm $ that
the Government went out there to take off this
cursed -incubus of secession, to lift it from the
minorities, to allow those loyal minorities to
rise up and become the power of the country,
under the old governments and the old consti-
tutions.
Mr. SPALDING. Will my colleague allow
me to ask him.a question?
. Mr. DELANO. I will yield for a question.
Mr. SPALDING. My colleague has quoted
Bishop. I would ask him if he has seen an
essay by this same Mr. Bishop, recently pub-
lished in the papers, and called "The liight
Way?"
Mr. DELANO. I think that sometimes he
is in the wrong way.
Mr. SPALDING. Has my colleague seen
that essay ?
Mr. DELANO. I have seen it, but do not
read it always. As for Mr. Bishop, I think a
great deal of him as a criminal lawyer. As a
constitutional lawyer I do not think so much of
him. I have quoted him only because he has
been referred to by others as authority.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I would like to ask
ray colleague another question.
Mr. -DELANO. Yery well.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If these eleven
States had merely changed their form of gov-
ernments, according to the prescribed rules of
•their constitutions, in such away as to amount
to practical secession, and the great body of
the people had acquiesced in that change with-
out making war upon the nation, how, under
his theory, are we to guaranty the minority a
republican form of government in said States,
if the minority do not petition for it?
Mr. DELANO. If the rebellion had sue-
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. No, sir; if they
had not fired a gun.
Mr. DELANO. I do not know that I un-
derstand the gentleman.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. If the majority of
the people in the eleven rebel States had, in
pursuance of their organic State law, changed
the forms of their State government, and the
great body of the people had acquiesced in that
change, and no war had been made by them,
no gun fired, how, under the theory of my col-
league, could the Governmentguaranty to those
States a republican form of government?
Mr. DELAN0. If they had attempted such
a thing as that without war, it would have been
the duty of the national Government to do just
what they have done in this instance ; not to
recognize those illegal acts, but to guaranty
the old governments, as they did in the ease of
the State of Rhode Island. That would have
been our duty, as I understand it,
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. But if there is no
minority petitioning for redress, no one claim-
ing the existence ot a constitutional Stategov-
ernment and the interference of the national
Government for their protection, under his
theory, how is a republican form of govern-
ment to bo guarantied, how is the authority of
this nation to be maintained over its own ter-
ritory ?
Mr. DELANO. The House will see that I
have no time in my hour to discuss mere ab-
stractions, mere hypothetical cases, that never
had an existence. I am now endeavoring to
deal with facts as they are, with things as they
have transpired, and not with hypothetical
eases, cases which have not arisen. And in
answer to my friend from Ohio [Mr. Ashley]
he will allow me to quote the text, "Sufficient
unto the day is the eyil thereof." , .
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. I move that the
time of my colleague be extended for fifteen
minutes, or until, he concludes his remarks.
No objection was made.
Mr. DELANO. I tender my sincere thanks
to the House for this extension of my time, and
for its courtesy to me.
WHAT HAS C0N&B$SS AND THE EXECUTIVE DONE DUR-
ING THE PROGRESS OF THE REBELLION TOWARD
RECOGNIZING THE INSURGENTS AS STATES?
Here, allow me to ask, when did the rebel-
ling State expire? I should be glad to learn
when the vital spark became extinct, so that
the attending physician might say "Dead!"
Prepare for the funeral; henceforth we have
Territories! At what time, sir ? If the hour
of the day has not been noted, pray give "me
the month or the year of their departure to the
tomb of Territories.
I find, sir, by reference to your statutes, that
on the 5th of August, 1861, Congress assessed
a direct tax of ^20,000,000 annually upon the
land of the United States,,and apportioned the
payment to the seceding States, as follows:
Virginia  $937,550 66$
North Carolina    57(3,194 66
South C&rolioa      363.570 66
Georgia : :... 584,367 33
Alabama    529,313 33
Mississippi      413,084 66
Louisiana  3S5.886 66
Tennessee  669,493 00
Arkansas    201.S86 00
Florida      77,522 66
Texas.   355.1456 66
Total .... $5,154,541 2S|
By the ninth section of this act,the President
was authorized to divide each State into con-
venient collection districts. The fifty-third sec-
tion provides that each State may collect and
pay its quota in its own way. The forty-sixth
section provides that if any State therein named,
after assuming to pay its proportion of such
tax, shall fail to do so, the Secretary of the
Treasury may proceed to.collect the same under
.certain rules and regulations.
Again, sir, by an act of Congress approved
June 30, 1864, about one year, sir, before the
total overthrow and destruction of the insur-
rection, this act of 18<51 is recognized, the first
annual assessment is enforced ; but further
assessments are suspended until another law,
demanding the same, is enacted.
Yet, again, by the act of July 1, 1862, to
provide internal revenue, the President is au-
thorized to divide the States respectively into
collection districts, and to appoint revenue offi-
cers for the same. And, actirg under this law,
the President has proceeded, and as I under-
stand is now proceeding, t.o collect revenue in
these States, treating them as States under your
legislation and by your authority. And, sir, as
if to leave no room for doubt, this act of July
1, 1862, was amended but still left so as to
regard the insurgent States as States, by an act
passed March 7, 1864. Has Congress, indeed,
power to decide this question? Then she has
decided it by a series of unbroken, uninter-
rupted legislative recognition of the eleven con-
federate States, so called, as real, legitimate,
existing States in the Union.
I ask my learned colleague to review his
theory of " destroyed States,1' or. in his milder
language, of States that have " lost their pow-
ers.'" He is too sound a lawyer and too can-
did, also, in view of all these facts, to assert the
death and destruction of eleven members of
this Union.
But, Mr. Speaker, the evidence does not close
here in reference to the recognition of these
States as members of the Union, as States in
the Union. By an act of Congress, passed
April 20, 1818, 'provision is made for the pub-
lication of the laws of the United States, and
for other purposes. The second section of the
