1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3489
ers, stage lines, and any other means of con-
veyance.
Mr. HENDRICKS. In answer to the Sen-
ator from. Nevada I have to say that, accord-
ing to my knowledge of the law, there never
has been a time yet when a corporation of one
State had a right to go into another State ex-
cept by the permission of that other State.
That is the law on the subject as I understand
it. A railroad company of the State of Ohio
cannot construct its ro&d in the State of In-
diana, and it has been by the highest court
settled that the power of a corporation is co-
extensive only with the political power that
brought it into existence. A corporation has
no existence, it has no life outside of the State
that creates it. It is an artificial body, and that
artificial body has no life and no power outside
of the political power that brings it into exist-
ence ; and the Senator by voting for this bill
admits this to be the law. 1 f the corporations
already possess this power, why shall Congress
confer it upon them ? The very proposition j
before us. to confer the power to go from one
State into another,'is an admission that with-
out such legislation they do not possess it. Are
Senators prepared now, merely to accommo-
date some telegraphing scheme, to establish the
doctrine that Congress pay say to a corpora-
tion of one State, "Go into all the States and
exercise your powers?"
Mr. President, the bill itself may not be very
important. It may be desirable to bring about
a competition that will relieve the business of
the country from the exorbitant charges that
are made; but I think there is a good deal of
force in the argument of the Senator from
Nevada [Mr. N*e] that this bill will finally
not accomplish much. ^ ou say to a corpora-
tion of New York oi to a corporation of an-
other State, '• You may build telegraph lines,"
and that corporation will sell out, the Senator
says, and we are authorized to believe so by
the history of the past. But the Senator from
Ohio says that ho has provided against that..
I ask him the question, can Congress prohibit
a corporation having a certain franchise under
the law of a State, from selling out its franchise
if the law of the State authorizes it? _ The Sen-
ator says that to avoid that he has inserted a
section which says that before a company shall
exercise any power under this bill it shall file
its agreement to the restrictions contained in
the bill with the Postmaster General. Then,
I ask Senators, will it stand, upon the law or
the contract? The Senator proposes to make
a contract between the General Government
and a corporation, that the corporation will
not sell out; and suppose, instead of selling
out it gets up a parade of an organization; it
does a good deal of printing; it proposes to
establish a line: but before it commences
building it sells out or is bought off by one of
the old companies; how can Congress avoid
that? It is simply a provision for a system of
speculation that has not been equaled hereto-
fore.
Mr. WILSON. I move that the further con-
sideration of this bill be postponed to the first
Monday of December next.
The motion was not agreed to.
Mr. MORGAN. I offer an amendment to
strike out the second section of the bill and
insert the following in lieu of it:
That it shall bo tho duty of the Postmaster Gen-
eral, on the first Monday of September of'each year
after the passage of this act, to advertise 111 the three
daily newspapers having the largest circulation m
tho United States for sealed proposals tor doing the
telegraphic business of the several departments ot
the Government of the United States; such adver-
tisements to be published in each of such newspa-
pers twicc each week for two consecutive weeks.
And upon the first Monday ol Ootubcr thereafter, m
each year the Postmaster General shall open the
proposals which shall be made to him, and shall
thereupon awaul the contract to the lowest bidder
for the transmission of each one bundled words, not
including the address and signature to any dispatch:
Provided, however, That-it shall be the duty of tho
Postmaster General to reject the bid of any person,
company, or as>ociatxon whoso bid shall not be ac-
coSpaniod bv a good and sufficient bond m ;hc.penal
sum of $50,000 executed by the bidder and two suffi-
cient sureties, who shall be resident oibzens10 the
United States, conditioned, m ease the said contract
39th Cong. 1st Sess.—No. 219.
shall be awarded to such bidder, that ho shall exe-
cute a written contract according to the terms of such
bid, and indemnify the United States against allloss
or damage by reason of the non-performance of such
contract.
Mr. SHERMAN. The provision of the bill
is much simpler and much better that the price
of all messages sent by or to any officer of the
Government shall be fixed by the Postmaster
General. It is much better to leave it with
him than to'open it to contract or competition.
I hope, therefore, that the amendment will not
be agreed to.
Mr. BROWN. It strikes me that the result
of the amendment offered by the Senator from
New York would simply be to make the Gov-
ernment pay more than it is now paying for
telegraphic charges. There would be no com-
petition and there might bo combination, and
we should be required to pay all that was
asked. I think it would be unfortunate if any
such amendment were put on.
Mr. MORGAN. We are now providing by a
general law for telegraph companies, and while
providing for an increase of telegraph compa-
nies, it seems to me it would be well also to
provide generally for the telegraphic business
of the Government.
Mr. NYE. I hope the care of this immense
business will not be committed to the hands
of the Postmaster General alone. It is a pretty
large power. I recollect that wo had a pretty
lively debate here the other day on giving to
the Secretary of the Treasury a couple of hun-
dred thousand dollars to spend as he pleased.
This is putting a million into the hands of one
man, whoever he may be, to pay just what
he pleases to any telegraph company that he
chooses to contract with. I hope this amend-
ment of the Senator from New York will be
made.
The question being put, there were, on a
division—ayes 13, noes 11; no quorum voting.
Mr. SHERMAN. I ask for the yeas and
The yeas and nays were ordered; and being
taken, resulted—yeas 14, nays 14; as follows:
YEAS—Messrs. Clark, Cowan, Doolittlc, Guthrie,
Harris, Hendricks, Howard, Morgan, Nye, Sumner,
Van Winkle, Wade. Willey, and Wilson—11.
NAYS—Messrs. Anthony, Brown, liuckalcw, Con-
ne«s Cra<*in. I'csscnden, Foster, Howe, Kirkwood.
Pom'eroy, Sherman, Sprague, Stewart, and Wil-
hTuSRNT —Messrs. Chandler, Creswell, Davis,
Dixon,Edmunds, Grimes, Henderson, Johnsoii Lane
of Indiana, Lane of Kansas, McDou^ail, Morrill,
Nesmith, Norton, Poland, ltnmsey, Itiddle, Sauls-
bury, Trumbull, Wright, and YatCs 21.
So the amendment was rejected.
The bill was reported to the Senate as
amended, and the amendments made as in
Committee of tho Whole were concurred in ;
so that the bill reads as follows:
lie it cnarted, dir.. That any telegraph company
now organized or which may hereafter be organized
under the laws of any State in this Union shal l have
the right to construct, maintain, and operate linos oi
telegraph through and over any portion of the pub-
lic domain of the United States, over and along any
of the military or post roads ot the United States
which have been or may hereafter be declared such
by act of Congress:, and over, under, or across the
navigable sti earns or wateis of the United states:
Provided, That such lines of telegraph hhall be so
constructed and maintained as not to obstruct the
navigation of such streams and waters, or mteiier^
with the oidinary travel on such military or post
roads And any of said companies sliail have the
right to take and use lrom such public lands the ne-
cessary stone. timber, and other materials tor its
posts, piers, stations, and other needful .uses in the
construction, maintenance, and operation oi said
lines of telegraph, and may preempt and use such
portion of the unoccupied public lands subject to pre-
emption through which its said lines of telegraph may
be located as may be necessary tor its: stations, nut
exceeding forty acics for each station, but such, sta-
tions not to be within fifteen miles of each other. .
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That telegraphic
communications between the several Depaitments ot
the Government of the United States and their oili-
eers and agents shall, in their transmission over the
lines of any of said companies, have priority over all
other busine^, and *hall be sent at rate* to be annu-
ally tixed by the Postmaster General.
Sec 3 And be itdurther enacted, Lhat the rights
and'privileges hereby granted shall not be trans-
ffircd by any company acting under this act 10 any
other corporation, association, or person: Provided,
however, That theUmted States may at any time alter
the expiration of live yearn from the date ot the pas-
sage of thio act, for postal, military, or other purposes,
purchase all the telegraph lines, property, and effects
of any or all of said companies at an appraised value,
to be ascertained by five competent, disinterested per-
sons, two of whom shall beselectcd by the Postmaster
General of the United States, two by the company
interested, and one by the four so previously selected.
Sec. 4. And be it further enacted. That before any
telegraph company shall exercise any of the powers
or privileges conferred by this act, such company
shall file their written acceptanco with the Post-
master General of the restrictions and obligations
required by this act.
Mr. NYE. 1 now renew the amendment
which was offered by the Senator from New
York [Mr. Morgan] when wc were in com-
mittee.
Mr. SHERMAN. I hope that amendment
will not be adopted. It will only put the Gov-
ernment of the United States to expense. It
seems to me not necessary. The bill is very
carefully guarded. We have put the price of
Government messages in the power of the Post-
master General, who will always, as a matter
of course, endeavor to get the business done
at the lowest possible price consistent with the
public interest.
Mr. HOWARD. Itisquite uncertain whether
he will endeavor to get the service performed
at the lowest rates. I think this is nothing
but a reasonable restriction imposed upon the
Postmaster General. It is certainly the mode
in contracts of inmortance that are let by the
Government, and I see no reason whatever for
rejecting it. I hope the amendment will be
adopted.
Mr. WILLIAMS. Allow me to ask the Sen-
atorif Congress cannot require the Postmaster
General t.o state what he pays for telegraphing
the public messages.
Mr. HOWARD. Certainly we can ask the
Postmaster General to state any official fact
of which he has knowledge ; but what does it
amount to ? lie will have the authority under
this bill to give the contract to any party that
he may see fit, and upon any terms that he may
see tit, however extravagant they may be. I
think it is a power that ought to be. restrained
within some reasonable limits. Certainly no-
body can complain of the amendment.
Mr. POMEROY. If there _ were a ^grcat
many telegraph corporations in the United
States, so' that we could get some contest
between them, it would be worth while to
advertise; but what we are trying to resist is
the overshadowing monopoly of consolidated
companies. The idea that when those consol-
idated companies have got only one organiza-
tion which embraces all the lines in the Uni-
ted States, you are going to advertise for pro-
posals, so that that one organization can have
entire control of the prices which the Govern-
ment shall pay for telegraphing, seems to me
ridiculous. If you make that provision the
Postmaster General must make contracts for
what they will do the work for.
Mr. JSROWN. And lie is required to make
contracts with them, which he is not now.
Mr. POMKROY. Yes. i was about to say
that the amendment requires him to do it while
the bill puts it into his hands to fix the prices.
What we are trying to resist is the overshadow-
ing monopoly of the existing companies; and
the idea of advertising for Govormnentwork so
that they can agree on the precise price they
will have, and then oblige the Department to
contract with them, is only adding strength to
the monopoly.
Mr. NYE. That illustrates precisely what
I have been trying to show ail day, that there
is no company now in existence that can com-
pete, that it is not a proposition to build a sin-
gle loot of telegraph by any company. 1 his
whole thing beautifully exemplifies the farci-
cal character of the bill. Here you are pro-
viding that the Postmaster General shall make
a contract with the only company there is. You
do not propose to build a foot of telegraph any-
where upon this continent. 1 think the amend-
ment proposes simply to carry out the prac-
tice of the Departments. There -are gentlemen
here who have been in the Departments, and
they know that whenever they iVfint any par-
ticular service for the Government they con-
tract for it, ,f should like to know from tho
