1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1569
hadagreed to go into joint meeting unanimously.
For what purpose? The purpose of electing a
United States Senator. "Why did they adjourn?
Why did they not go on with the election?
There was but one ballot; the declaration was
made by the President that John P. Stockton
was elected Senator. It was received in silence.
They proceeded to other business and then ad-
journed. 1 ask whether any Senator can say
that those gentlemen did not consider them-
selves bound by the result? They were bound
to it by every rule, both of law and of honor.
Mr. President, as I have unexpectedly taken
the floor at this time, permit me to say that I
am glad that the Senate has at last proceeded
to the consideration of this ease. Since I have
been in Washington the position f have occu-
pied has been very unexpected and very un-
pleasant to me. It is a very unpleasant thing
to have any one believe thai a gentleman would
claim a seat to which he was not clearly en-
titled. I am satisfied that no gentleman upon
this floor can doubt the sincerity of my belief
that my election was as valid as any election
that ever took place of a Senator in any State.
The opinion of so many distinguished gentle-
men of the Judiciary Committee would at least
support me in that. I had hoped when the
report of the committee came in that that would
be regarded as closing the matter, but it seems
not; it seems that it must be further investi-
gated, and investigated by this body. This
looks to me a little like what we lawyers some-
times call appealing fiom the court to the jury
on a question of law. Sir. almost on entering
the Senate Chamber I heard a beautiful eulogy
upon the Committee on the Judiciary from the
distinguished Senator from Wisconsin, [Mr.
Dooi.ittle. J I was glad and proud to know
that such men were my judges, and I was glad
and proud to know that five out of the seven
members of that committee were my party op-
ponents. I presented a printed argument; three
pamphlets have been written and piiuted on the
other side and presented to that committee.
They gave the whole subject a most laborious
examination and they have made a report which
I thought, as I said before, would have been
satisfactory to the Senate.
But, Mr. President, when T alluded to the
fact that the constitution of New Jersey was
peculiar in one respect, that it made the Legis-
lature when in joint meeting the Legislature, I
thought some one upon the other side seemed
to think that I was mistaken as to that fact.
Permit me to refer to the constitution of New
Jersey on thai, point. The fourth article, sec-
tion one, clause one, provides that ''the legis-
lative power shall be vested in a Senate and
General Assembly." Article four, section one,
clause three: "The two Houses shall meet
separately on the second Tuesday "in January
next after the said day of election." 'The con-
stitution also provides for the meeting of the
two Houses not, separately, but in joint meet-
ing. Article seven, section two, clause two:
''Judges of the court of common pleas shall
be appointed by the Senate and General As-
sembly in joint meeting." Clause three: "The
State Treasurer shall be appointed by the Sen-
ate and General Assembly in joint meeting."
By article five, clause two, in certain cases the
Governor shall be chosen " by the vote of a
majority of the members of both Houses in
joint meeting.'' But the question recurs, when
in joint meeting, are the two Houses still the
Legislature?
Article lour, section five, clause one, provides
" that no member of the Senate or General As-
sembly shall, during the time for which he was
elected, be nominated or appointed by the G ov-
ernor or by the Legislature, in joint meeting,
to any-civil office,"' <tc. Article five, clause
twelve, provides for a vacancy occurring during
the, recess of the Legislature "in any office
which is to be filled by the G-overnor and Senate,
or by the Legislature in joint meeting.'' The
journal of the constitutional convention of New
Jersey shows that the clause cited from article
four, when originally reported by the committee,
did not contain the words " Legislature in joint
39th IfT Kfws. -No. 99. •
meeting," but simply said "daring the time for
which he was elected or appointed." It was
amended in the Committee of the Whole by in-
serting after "appointed" the words "by the
Governor and Senate, or by the Legislature."
On motion of Mr. Bwing, (page 150 of the Con-
stitutional Convention Journal.) the amend-
ment was amended by striking out "Legisla-
ture" and inserting "joint meeting." After-
ward, on motion of Chief Justice Horn blower,
one of the ablest jurists we have ever had in
our State, (on page 151 of the Constitutional
Convention Journal,) it was again amended by
inserting before "joint meeting" the words
"Legislature in." The very object, J say, of
this amendment was to conclude this question
which has been raised in reference to the con-
stitutions of some of the States.
Now, gentlemen say that it requires an aetof
legislation to lix the mode of election. Then
if requires the concurrence of the Governor.
No law can be passed in New Jersey without
the concurrence of the Governor. He has a
veto power. Can lie veto the prescription of
"manner" for the appointment of a Senator?
Whatever else is required, surely it cannot be
legislation.
Now, Mr. President, the Constitution of the
United States does not require legislation. It
uses the word regulation : Congress may regu-
late. Jn the Continental Congress many of
their acts, all of their acts, I believe, were passed
by resolution. Certainly it does not require
legislation, or else the States which have never
passed any act on the subject have never elected
Senators. Seventeen Slates of this Union have
never passed any act on the subject. If it re-
quires legislation, how do you hold your seats?
There has been no legislation in your States
at all.
The Constitution of the United States gave
the power of election to the Legislature. The
constitution of New J ersev says the joint meet-
ing is the Legislature. If that be not true,
then by the statute read by the distinguished
Senator from New Hampshire, theprescription
was made—a prescription was made as ample
by law in the State of New Jersey as ever has
been ill seventeen States. The time, place,
and manner of election are to be prescribed.
What is •'manlier?" The manner is in joint
meeting, and that is full compliance with the
"manner." Does he mean to say that the
number of voices necessary to a choice i.> ne-
cessarily a portion of the "maimer?" The
distinguished Senator I'rom Maine did not say
so in Harlan's case. lie t,aid it, might be pre-
scribed; and therefore he admitted, and the
argument admits now, that the number of voices
need not necessarily be proscribed by statutes.
The full prescription of " manner" is complied
with when the Legislature says the election shall
be in joint meeting. Some of the States say
it shall require a majority of all elected, some
say it shall require only a majority of a quo-
rum: and seventeen States like New.Jersey arc
silent : therefore those Stales have never made
any prescription of "manner," and their Sen-
ators are not entitled to seats on this tloor ac-
cording to the argument. 1 think the conclu-
sion is plain, that it is no necessary part of the
prescription of '• manner" that the number of
voices necessary to an election shall be pre-
scribed by the Legislature in advance. That
being so, what becomes of the argument that
the joint meeting cannot do it?
Mr. President, it is all a fallacy. By pailia-
meulary law, the joint meeting of the Legisla-
ture of the State of New Jersey have a right
to take the sense of their own body, and the
Senate of the United States has no right to
deny it to them and no power to interfere with
them. It is by parliamentary law that every
body properly constituted has a right, a natural
right, to take according to their own rules the
sease of their body, the same right, that you
have to make your plurality rule which you did
make in this Senate, for you say in your rules
that committees shall be appointed in the Sen-
ate by a major vote. If so, why may not a
plurality elect a United States Senator when
the majority of the electing body so declare?
If gentlemen will read Cushing, if they will
study up a little on parliamentary law, weshall
not have such mistakes as these made. The
question is simply, Mr. President, whether
that body had a right to determine how they
would take the sense of the body; and when
they took their sense it was not a plurality who
voted for me, and it was not a majority; but it
was the whole body. If a majority of this
Senate vote to turn me out from my seat, is it
the majority that do it? No, it is the Senate
of the United States that does it. The Senate
of the United States is a unit by parliamentary
law, and the Legislature of New Jersey is a
unit. How they express their voice they de-
termine for themselves. They express their
voice according to the rules of parliamentary
lav/ whore they adopt none of their own; and
by parliamentary law and by the constitution
they have a right to adopt such rules as they
please. The rales must not be absurd. There
is no such allegation in this case, for under the
same clause of the Constitution of the United
States members of Congress are chosen by the
people by a plurality rule in almost every State
in the United States. The plurality rule is the
law of election in the State of New Jersey and in
almost all the other States. In some of the New
England States, perhaps in Newtlampshire, and
I think in Maine, the majority rule prevailed
in the election of members of Congress at one
time, but it was changed by the constitution
of Maine ; the constitution was altered for the
purpose. You will find a very interesting ex-
amination in several of our legal works and
books on parliamentary law, into the history
of how the different portions of this country
adopted different rules in their general elec-
tions : but by the law of New Jersey, from the
earliest times, all our local elections have been
governed by the plurality rule.
Mr. President, much has been said about, no
Senator ever having been elected in this way
before, in New Jersey or anywhere else, and it
has been alleged that this was contrary to the
custom in New Jersey. 1 have before me a
copy of the minutes and proceedings of tho
joint meeting of the Legislature of New Jersey,
I'rom October 31. 1788. Under the Articles of
Confederation, before the adoption of the Con-
stitution of the United States, Delegates to Con-
gress were elected by joint meeting in New
Jersey, and the joint meeting made its own
rules. This custom of having elections in joint
meeting and of the joint meeting laying its own
rules existed in New Jersey before the forma-
tion of the Constitution of the United States.
Tho joint meeting appears to have had no rales,
or at least the journals do not set out any until
the year 17!t4, when it adopted for the first time
rules for its own government. Before that time,
when there were no rules of the joint meeting,
let me refer to an election which took place
N oveinber 20. 1700:
"The meeting proceed to tho election of a Senator
to lenro^ent tins bt.ite in the Congress of the United
States 1"> , i supplying the vacancy of Governor Pater-
son; Ui« lierionsinnomination being Philemon Dick-
inson, Abraham Clark, and Jonathan Dayton,Este."
The vote being taken, it appeared that Mr.
Dickinson had 19 votes. Mr. Clark 10. and Mr.
Dayton 14: and then the record proceeds to say:
" Whereby it appears there were not a majority of
the meeting for cither of the persons in nomination.
"On motion,
"Hrsuhr-d, That the meeting will procecd to vote
for the two highest in numf>ci of votes."
Do I not bear Senators say, " That, is a gag
law?" Here the joint meeting said to those
gentlemen wdio had voted for Mr. L>ayton,
'' You must drop him and vote for one ot these
other two candidates." Is that not a power
as extensive, as arbitrary, as the power of a
majority to say that, a plurality maybe permit-
ted to elect? If it bo necessary that the indi-
vidual voice of each member of the body should
he expressed, and that he should name the in-
dividual to bo chosen, is he not as effectually
deprived of that voice when he is fold that he
must vote for one of two men who ha\ e re-
ceived the highest number of votes as he is
when it is said that the choice of a plurality
