90
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 10,
Ho. of Beps.
Reconstruction—Mr. Delano.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
act referred to provides that when the State
Department shall have been officially notified
that any amendment which heretofore has been
or hereafter may be proposed to the Consti-
tution has been adopted, according to the pro-
visions of that instrument—
" It shall be the duty of the Secretary of State, forth-
with, to causo the said amendment to be published,"
* * * * " specifying the States by which
the same may have been adopted, and that the same
has become valid."
Now, sir, I ask the members of this House,
what duty is here devolved upon the State
Department? Is it not to determine when the
amendment is ratified, and by whom ratified?
Must he not, does he not, necessarily, by the
powers conferred upon him, recognize as States
m the Union those members of the confederacy
•whose ratification is relied upon as adopting the
amendment in conformity to the provisions of
the Constitution?
In the case in 7 Howard, before referred to,
it is said that when Congress empowered the
President to call out the militia to suppress in-
surrection, it thereby authorized him to decide
which was the rightful government, and that
his decision recognizing one or the other of two
conflicting governments was conclusive. How,
then, can it be denied that here is a power con-
ferred upon the State Department to recognize
these governments in the States where, for a
time, government was simply suppressed, not
destroyed; where it was obstructed in its func-
tions, not overthrown in its existence? And
now, that the power suppressing it is removed,
removed, too, by the General Government in the
discharge of her great constitutional duty, the
State governments rise again, and their powers
are resumed; and as they become once more
potential they speak, and among the first utter-
ances are words which delight every patriot and
philanthropist, for they say that "neither sla-
very nor involuntary servitude shall longer exist
except for crime.'' These noble words, officially
declared, spoken in a sovereign manner and as
a sovereign State should speak, are heard, offi-
cially heard, and the seal of emancipation and
universal liberty is fixed.
Mr. Speaker, I trust we have no dead States,
no conquered Territories, but that all are liv-
ing powers, sovereign within their respective
spheres but obedient hereafter and forever to
that higher and greater sovereign, the Union,
whose love embraces all her children, whose
heart is so large and whose arm so strong that
she can cherish, defend, or punish. In order
that there be left no room for doubt as to the
power of Congress to recognize ftese rebel
States as States, and to confer such power on
the President or Secretary of State, 1 here refer
to the case of Luther vs. Borden, 7 Howard's
Reports, where, while discussing the fourth sec-
tion of the fourth article of the Constitution,
Chief Justice Taney says :
"Under this article" * * * * "it
rests with Congress to decidc what government is the
established one in a State. For, as the United States
guaranty to each State a republican government,
ongrcss must necessarily decide what governmentis
established in aState before it can determine whether
it is republican or not."
Then, referring to~ the clause relating to
domestic violence, the Chief Justice adds:
" So, too, as relates to the clause in the above men-
tioned article of the Constitution providing for cases
of domestic violence. It rested with Congress to de-
termine the means proper to be adopted to fulfill this
guarantee. They might,if they haddeemedit most ad-
visable to do so, have placed it in the power of a court
to decidc when the contingency had happened which
required the Federal Government to interfere. But
Congress thought otherwise, and, no doubt, wisely;
and by the act of February 28, 1795, provided that
'in ea«e of an insurrection ill any State against the
government thereof it shall be lawful for the Presi-
dent of the United States to call forth such numbers
of the militia of any State or States as may be
applied for as he may judge sufficient to suppress the
insurrection.' By this act the power of deckling
whether the exigency had arisen upon which the Gov-
ernment of the United States is bound to interfere is
given to the President."   " * * "If
there is an armedconflict" "jj
is a ease of domestic violence, and one of the parties
must bo in insurrection against the lawful Govern-
ment. And the President must of necessity docide
which is the government and which party is unlaw-
fully arrayed against it before he can perform the
duty imposed on him by Congress."
Thus the court came to the very clear, logi-
cal, and satisfactory opinion that the action of
the President, under the act of Congress before
mentioned, by which the government of Rhode
Island, adverse to the Dorr government, so
called, was recognized, was a final and con-
clusive decision in favor of that government,
and such a decision as could not be reviewed
or reversed by any authority whatever.
What, sir, is so much needed at this hour as
to rebuild and reanimate the desolate South?
Her towns in ruins! her fields lying waste 1
her resources destroyed! her labor paralyzed!
She needs peace, rest, and the fostering arm
of a friendly Federal Government. Much, I
know, she has sinned, and much, too much, of
error and wickedness, at least of anger and
bitterness, yet remains. But time, patience,
charity, and forbearance will soon bring her to
see, I trust, that justice toward her emanci-
pated blacks and loyalty to the Union are
necessary to happiness and prosperity in the
future. . We must develop .the resources of
the South. Her cotton crop of five million
bales, in 18G0, is estimated at one million for
the next year, and her sugar crop in similar
proportions. We need, sir, and we must have,
a productive, prosperous South, for it will
strengthen our finances, give stability to our
public credit, aid us in paying our national
debt and sustaining our national faith. Hence,
I repudiate all theories that tend to keep down
her industry, her resources, and her hopes.
Mr. Speaker, I do not often reason from my
fears, but during this debate our fears have
been appealed to in order to influence our judg-
ment; and this has been done by the gentle-
man from Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens.] Ho
presumes that, a return of members from the
late confederate States will place the power of
this House in the hands of copperheads. Then
he imagines repudiation of the national debt,
assumption of the rebel debt, &c. Sir, I have
no toleration for those who have persistently
opposed the Government these long years of
strife, sacrifice, and danger. I am not here,
to-day, to assert their cause. God forbid! I
am considering questions which may, when
settled, have a lasting influence upon the des-
tinies of my country. I will not turn aside from
my honest judgment upon this question to strike
an enemy or to reward a friend. But, sir, let
me suggest an argument for the fears of the
gentleman from Pennsylvania, if, indeed, "his
name is Hable to fear." Suppose you estab-
lish, so far as this House can settle the ques-
tion, that the insurgent States are dead and are
to be governed indefinitely as Territories. Do
you expcct a united Republican party upon that
decision? If you do, your hopes are as delu-
sive " as the baseless fabric of a vision." You
will find, sir, a united South, a united "cop-
perhead" party, and a divided Union party.
You will go into the next presidential canvass,
possibly, in this condition. And it requires no
great stretch of imagination to sec by the united
southern vote and a divided northern vote that
a presidential candidate of the so-called Dem-
ocratic party may have a majority of the Elect-
oral College, countingtheTei-ritories. theeleven
seceding States. What follows, sir? You deny
the right of these southern Territories to vote,
but they assert their right to do so; and take
care that the majority in some of the northern
States does not also assert it. And then comes
a strife for the executive chair. How will it
end? In civil war again: more blood, more
graves! More widows, more taxation! More
anarchy, more dead States! God only knows
where, or in what, such a conflict might end.
Such a result is precisely what the dissatisfied
alienated people of your Territories may desire
if treated with cruelty and injustice, and, al-
though I do not predict it, yet I see in an ultra
and extravagant treatment of this question,
danger of such a result.
Mr. Speaker, those who have followed the
thread of my remarks, will have observed that
I claim the war to have been waged on the part
of the United States for the purpose of saving
the States as political organizations. .Hence,
during the entire conflict, the Government, by
her acts of legislation, by her presidential proc-
lamations, by her acts of executive administra-
tion, has treated the insurgents as States; and
thus has been fulfilled the duty of, guarantying
to the people a republican form of government
where revolt and anarchy for a time existed.
The insurrection being subdued, order returns;
and, under the advice of the Executive, the
people have submitted to a new state of things,
resulting from the war, by amending their for-
mer constitutions so as to conform to univer-
sal emancipation. These things having been
accomplished, the States resume their natural
functions, so far as they are within the first
branch of my definition of an American State.
That is, sir, they establish law and order within
their prescribed territorial limits, they exercise
local powers of their State governments. Im-
mediately their connection with the General
Government is in part resumed; and certain
relations naturally and necessarily spring into
life by your acts of Congress between these par-
tially restored States and the United States?
What are these relations? Why, sir, your
post-office laws, your courts of justice, your
whole revenue system is now in full and com-
plete force, and generally in active operation
over and in these States as States. And these
things have been done ; Sir, they arc the.ne-
cessary and direct fruits of the laws passed by
Congress. By denying to them now the capa-
city of States, we reverse our whole history;
we repeal our past policy; and really, sir, we
subject ourselves to deserved reproach for in-
sincerity and injustice, if not for cruelly and
inhumanity.
What, then, remains to be done? The ad-
mission of these States to a representation in
Congress, it seems to me, is about all that re-
mains to a perfect restoration of the Union.
Now, sir, no one will deny, who reflects calmly
and speaks candidly, that the perfect restora-
tion of these States to their natural condition,
so that once more it may be truly said that
every planet in our political sj'stem revolves
in its proper orbit, is a consummation to be
desired by all. We shall never be what we
should be until this end is reached. But, sir,
desirable as it is, we must not rush to its attain-
ment with mad zeal and unadvised haste. That
which remains to be done, in my view of this
subject, is exclusively with Congress—placed
there by the Constitution. Are we bound to
admit here to membership, without conditions,
without inq iiry, whomsoever and whatsoever
is sent here by one of these States that has, of
her own accord, for four years, withdrawn her
representation and denied her connection with
the Federal Government? Clearly not, sir.
And is there any absurdity in the idea of a legit-
imate State in the Union and yet having no rep-
resentation in Congress? I am notable to see
any. Ohio may withdiaw her representation
here and refuse to send another for years. Is
she thereby a dead State? Would such an act
deprive her of her own constitution and laivs,
rob her of a Legislature for domestic purposes,
or prevent her. as a State, from the operation
of all proper Federal legislation? Clearly not.
Hence, when one of these States comes back
and asks admission to this floor for her Rep-
resentatives, I do not ask myself, is this a Ter-
ritory? because I think I have power to say to
this State, by your own act you severed this
relation; you did it without cause, and during
your absence, and while you have been endeav-
oring to destroy this Union, great changes
have occurred, and I shall require of you two
things before I shall vote to restore you to rep-
resentation here. First, you must send Joyal
