506
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
question for the wliite man, and another law
for the black man. The black man marries a
■white woman and we try to "enforce our laws
against him. We say to him, "You have done
an illegal act, you have offended against the
legislation of Maryland by marrying a white
woman." He says, "I have done no such
thing; I woidd have done it but for the legis-
lation of Congress; I would have been liable
to trial and conviction but for the legislation of
Congress; but I set up the legislation of Con-
gress ; you may tell ,me you are prosecuting me
under a law of the State of Maryland which
makes it a crime in me, but Congress says that
that State legislation shall be of no avail; the
law of Maryland in reference to the question is
at an end." It means that if it means anything.
If the honorable member does not mean that
he can change the language. I do not under-
stand my friend from Maine or the honorable
member from Illinois himself as denying that,
looking to the provisions in the first section,
supposing there was no law in Maryland on
the subject—and I single out Maryland merely
for the purpose of illustration—the contract
of marriage would be embraced. White and
black are considered together, put in a mass,
and the one is entitled to enter into every con-
tract that the other is entitled to enter into.
Of course, therefore, the black man is entitled
to enter into the contract of marriage with a
white woman; but the law of Maryland pre-
vents it j the law of Maryland punishes him for
attempting it; and when the man is tried for
having violated the law of Maryland, the court
will say, "How is the prosecution to be sup-
ported under any law of Maryland—that law
which is inconsistent with the provisions of the
first section of this law of Congress, and the
second section of which provides, virtually, that
he who prevents a black man from marrying a
white woman under any law of Maryland is to
be subject to the penalties imposed by it?"
That is the way I understand it. I do not
think 1 can be wrong.
But whether I ara wrong or not, upon a careful
and correct interpretation of the provisions of
these two sections, I suppose all the Senate will
admit that the error is not so gross a one that
the courts may not fall into it. Then what is
the result? The whole of this legislation to be
found in almost every State in the Union where
slavery has existed, and to be found, I believe,
in several of the other States, is done away with.
j You do not mean to do I hat.y I am sure the Sen-
ate isnot prepared to go to that extent! and I
submit to the honorable chairman, without pro-
claiming myself to be right beyond all possible
question of doubt, which would be in bad taste,
and certainly very far from what I am disposed
to do when I find that a different opinion is en-
tertained by two gentlemen whose opinions I
hold in so much respect—I submit, to the hon-
orable chairman of the Judiciary Committee
whether ho had not better make it so plain that
the difficulty which I suggest in the execution
of the law will be obviated.
But to come back to the amendment that is
now before the Senate ; I do not know what will
be the effect of the amendment upon the In-
dians. The honorable member from Kansas
[Mr. Lank] supposes he avoids the difficulty
which he thinks would have existed under the
original amendment by inserting the words,
"or tribal authority." First, what would be
the meaning of the amendment without those
words? I understood the honorable chairman
of the committee to say that these Indians arc
not citizens of the United States, and never
have been. That is a mistake, as I think. The
Indian tribes upon that portion of the Ameri-
can continent that belonged to Great Britain
were always subject to the domi nion of Eng-
land. England could liave done what she
thought proper to do with them, hut all she did : \
m the execution of that, her sovereign right, ij
was to prohibit them from entering into any !
conhacio in relation to their lands wiLh any J
other nation than England or the dependencies !'
of England. When we obtained our independ- j!
eaee, the whole authority that England had i!
over the tribes became vested in the United
States; and since then the uniform view that
has been taken of the relation in which these
Indians stand to the United States is, that they
are but the wards of the United States. They
have no sovereign power whatever; they are
not a nation in the general acceptation of that
term; they cannot sell their lands without the
authority of the United States; they are not
at liberty to sell their lands to anybody but to
citizens of the United States, and under such
regulations as the United States may impose.
If the honorable member will refresh his
memory by consulting the case of Worcester®®.
The State of Georgia, reported in 6 Peters, I
think, he will find that Mr. Chief Justice Mar-
shall, who gave the opinion of the court, decid-
ing that the legislation of Georgia or the acts
of Georgia were unconstitutional, admits that
the Government of the United States could do
with the Indians, as far as the question of power
was concerned, just what it thought proper;
that the absolute dominion was in the United
States; the possessory title, with a quasi do-
minion, was with the Indians, but that quasi
dominion was only that they could sell their
lands and were not subjcct to be taxed by the
United States, but only because the United
States themselves had agreed that they should
have those rights; but it was not pretended in
that case that they wore not citizens of the
United Stales. The result, therefore, would be
that an Indian child, born within the territorial
limits of these tribes, would be a citizen of the
United States, because the territory is part of the
United States. Nobody ever doubted that the
whole of the Indians who are subject to our
control are now located upon territory belong-
ing to the United States, and the result would
necessarily follow, so far as citizenship depends
upon birth, that, if you make it depend upon
birth, the child who is born within the territo-
rial limits of the United States, whether that
portion be or be not within the temporary or
partial control of the Indians, would be a citi-
zen of the United States. Would the sugges-
tion made by my friend from Kansas obviate it ?
The language of the amendment as proposed
is, " all persons born in the United States."
That would certainly include the Indians if I
am right in saying the Indian country is part
of the United States.
Mr. TRUMBULL. "And not subject to
any foreign Power."
Mr. JOHNSON. I have not come to that.
You and the Senator from Maine are always too
fast for me. "Born in the United States"—I
suppose that it will be admitted that that will
include them—"and not subject to any foreign
Power." The amendment suggested by the
Senator from Kansas is to add the words, "or
tribal authority."
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. Does not that re-
strict it?
Mr. JOHNSON. It docs to a certain extent,
but does it go as far as you want it to go ?
Mr. SUMNER. Allow me to ask the Sena-
tor whether we do not always deal with the In-
dians through the treaty-making power?
Mr. JOIINSON. Wo have done so, but not
necessarily.
Mr. SUMNER. Is it not the habit?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly it is; but I am
dealing with it now as a question of power. We
have dealt with them as a treaty-making power,
but it is not because there ever was a doubt that
Congress could deal with them by legislation ;
and, in point of fact, although we have dealt
with them as a treaty-making power, we have
done so by making them make the treaty. It
is no treaty-making power in the ordinary ac-
ceptation of the term; that is to say, the parties
are not equal.
_ Mr. SUMNER. With the Senator's permis-
sion, 1 will remind him that we act upon our
treaties with the Indians in this Chamber with
precisely the same forms that we do upon our
treaties with the European Powers, and they
must be ratified by a vote of two thirds of this
body.
Mr. JOITNSON. I understand that; but what
I mean to say is, and I do not think the hon-
orable member will contradict me, that there
is nothing in the Constitution of the United
States defining the treaty-making power, or in
any otheT branch of it, which says that Congress
cannot legislate in regard to them. That is
what I mean to say. Now to what period does
the phrase, "not subject to any foreign Power
or tribal authority" relate? L>oes it mean at
the time of the birth, or the time the contro-
versy arises? My friend from Illinois seems
to think, and perhaps he is right, that it means
the time of the birth ; but it admits of a differ-
ent interpretation. "All persons born in the
United States and not subject to any foreign
Power or tribal authority shall be citizens of the
United States"—when?
Mr. TRUMBULL. When born.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know that that is your
interpretation.
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. That is not the way
I want it.
Mr. JOHNSON. I know it is not; that is
the reason that I suggest it. My friend from
Kansas has a very clear perception upon all
matters, particularly those relating to the In-
dians. [Laughter.]
Mr. LANE, of Kansas. In answer to the
suggestion of the Senator from Maryland, I will
state the reason why I do not want it so to ap-
ply. A large portion of our Indians have re-
cently taken allotments of land, and our supremo
court have decided, as! understand—I have not
seen the decision—that the act of accepting the
allotments makes them citizens so far as to sub-
ject the allotments to taxation. Now, what I
desire of the Senate is that the Indians who
have taken the allotments and thereby sepa-
rated themselves from the tribal authority may
become citizens of the United States. My col-
league and myself have consulted on the" sub-
ject, and we think it wise legislation that they
may have the privilege of holding these allot-
ments and selling them. That is the object.
Mr. JOHNSON. The honorable member
does not suppose that I am opposed to that. I
admit with him that those Indians who have
separated themselves from their tribes, and
have acquired lands in the State of Kansas, or
anywhere else, ought to be citizens. The only
question is whether you have done it by this
provision. I throw it out as a suggestion that
may or may not have,weight, just as the Senate
may think it entitled to weight or not. If my
friend, the chairman of the committee, is right
in his construction of the clause, that it means
the time of the birth, then the honorable mem-
ber from Kansas will not have effected his pur-
pose.^ I think I can satisfy the Senator that he
is quite short of his designed mark, provided
the honorable chairman is right—and perhaps
he is, I rather think he is—in his interpreta-
tion of his amendment, that it means to refer
to the date of the birth as the time when the
foreign allegiance exists.
The honorable member from Kansas makes
the allegiance or tribal authority take the same
date. Then the Indians whom you want to
make citizens and who have recently come to
Kansas, and who have purchased land, but who
were born under tribal authority, will not be-
come citizens unless it be by treaty; and that
cannot bo true so far as citizenship of the Uni-
ted States is concerned, where they become
citizens by buying lands in Kansas. If they
are aliens before they buy the land, and nothing
is done by them to obtain the character of citi-
| zens except buying the laud, then they do not
| become citizens; that is very clear. They can
; only become citizens by a bill like this, which
\ will provide in words for such cases as exist
! in Kansas; and 1 think they ought to be pro-
1 vided for.
Mr. COWAN. Will it not have to be a uni-
form law under the Constitution?
Mr. JOHNSON. It would be uniform or
course with reference to those buying lands iu
any State and separating themselves from their
tribes.
Mr. COWAN. But not as to all people—
Irishmen, Germans, Indians, and everybody.
