2530
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
the debate lias become somewhat personal,
whether we had better not dispose of this mat-
ter and get this bill out of the way. I would
like it as a personal favor. This bill is under
my charge, placed there in consequence of the
sickness of the chairman of the Committee on
Finance, and I should like to have it out of the
way. ,
Mr. HOWARD. The Senator from Ohio is
not more anxious to dispose of the present bill
than I am, still I cannot very well suffer the
occasion to pass without making a few remarks
upon some of the numerous subjects which
have been drawn into the discussion. If it is
the desire of the Senate to go into executive
session I will yield.
Mr. SHERMAN. Does the Senator desire
to speak upon the particular subject pending—•
on the question of removals?
Mr. HOWARD. Mr. President, I propose
to address the Senate on the bill and the vari-
ous other subjects which have been regarded
as cognate and relevant thereto by certain other
Senators.
The PRESIDENT pro tempore. Tlie ques-
tion is on the motion to proceed to the consid-
eration of executive business.
The motion was agreed to; and after some
time spent in executive session the doors were
reopened.
message tfroli the iiodsk.
A message from the House of Representa-
tives, by Mr. McPhersok, its QJerk, announced
that the House had passed a joint resolution
(H. R. No. 127) proposing an amendment to
£he Constitution of the United States, two
thirds of the members of the House having
agreed thereto. At the suggestion of Mr. Fes-
s end ex, the joint resolution was read twice by
its title, and placed upon the Calendar.
On motion, the Senate adjourned.
HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES. •
Thursday, May 10, 186C.
The House met at twelve o'clock m. Prayer
by Rev. T. R. Howlett.
The Journal of yesterday was read and
approved.
RECONSTRUCTION.
The SPEAKER. The first business in order
is the consideration of the joint resolution
reported by the committee on reconstruction,
on which the gentleman from Pennsylvania
[Mr. Randall] has the floor.
Mr. RANDALL, of Pennsj-lvania. Mr.
Speaker, in discussing this question briefly, as
I am compelled to do by reason of the limited
time allowed me, I shall advert to the proposi-
tion now before the House as a whole, not under-
taking a lengthy discussion of the various amend-
ments which have been proposed, and I trust
the chairman of the committee [Mr. Steven's]
will, when the proper time arrives, call the
previous question, and in that manner induce
a vote upon the main proposition as embraced
in the whole five sections of the proposed amend-
ment to the Constitution.
And for that purpose 1" desire to analyze the
various sections of the proposed amendment.
The first section proposes to make an equality
in every respect between the two races, not-
withstanding the policy of discrimination which
has heretofore been exclusively exercised by
the States, which in my judgment should remain
and continue. They relate to matters apper-
taining to State citizenship, and there is no
occasion whatever for the Federal power to be
exercised between the two races at variance
with the wishes of the people of the States,
ror myself, I would wish that the colored race
should bo placed in the same political condition
as it occupies m Pennsylvania; but I would
leave all this to the States themselves, just in
the same manner as the elective franchise is
permitted. If you have the right to interfere
in behalf of one character of rights—I may say
of every character of rights, save the suffrage-
how ^soon will you be ready to tear down every
barrier? It is only because you fear thepeople
that you do not now do it. I consider the Fed'
eral restraints upon the States in reference to
rights of- citizens as now in the Constitution
safe and sufficient. I feel it, in consequence, my
imperative duty to oppose this section. Grant
this power, insert it in the Constitution, and
how soon will the privilege of determining who
must vote within the States be assumed by the
Federal power? Gentlemen here admit that
they desire this, but that the weak kneed of their
party are not equal to the issue. Your purpose
is the same, and but for that timidity you would
now ingraft negro suffrage upon our Constitu-
tion and force it on the entire people of this
Union.
The second section, to my mind, is ambigu-
ous, and is liable to a doubtful construction.
What does this amendment mean? Does it
mean that those males over twenty-one years
not allowed to vote shall not be counted in the
basis of representation? If so, why not say so
in terms ; but if it means, as it may, that the
diminution of representation is to be in pro-
portion they bear to the voters, it may deny all
or greatly abridge representation. Suppose,
for instance, a State with one hundred thou-
sand voters, and a similar number excluded,
if proportions are considered this State would
seem to have no Representative. I desire that
my colleague, [Mr. Steveks,] the gentleman
having charge of this legislation, shall answer
what they claim it to mean, so that the issue
when before the country may be rightly under-
stood.
In addition, this section makes an entire
change in the basis of representation, which
should in every country rest upon inhabit-
ants. This is the safest and has been found
to work the best. I do not consider there is
any need to change, more especially when a
large portion of our people with whom we
hope for all time to live on terms of peace and
equity are not now here to present their views
and consider the effect this legislation will
have upon their interest.
The injustice and the animus of the third
section have been so fully stated by gentlemen
on the other side that I will not consume my
limited time in reproducing, but dismiss it
with the remark that it is intended to secure
what you most -nosh, an entire disagreement
to the whole scheme by the eleven southern
States, and a continued omission of represen-
tation on this floor. This brings me to an-
other point in the argument of the gentleman
from Pennsylvania who introduced this report.
The fourth section I need not discuss, because
I believe if that proposition was presented to
this House as a simple proposition it would be
almost unanimously adopted. The gentleman
from Pennsylvania [Mr. Stevens] tells us—
"Upon a careful survey of the whole ground, wo
did not believe that nineteen of the loyal States could
be induced to ratify any proposition more stringent
than this. _ I say nineteen, for X utterly repudiate and
scorn the idea that any Slate not acting in the Union
is to be counted on the question of ratification."
In this respect let me say that the gentleman
must fly directly in the face of the decisions of
the Supreme Court of the United States; he
has to put at naught the precedent established
in reference to the amendment of the Constitu-
tion abolishing slavery; he has to overcome
what is clearly the common-sense judgment
of the people of this country upon this point.
And moreover, I believe his opinion, as there
expressed, is in contravention of the judgment
of a majority of this House, with whom he is
politically associated.
Such is the plan of the committee of fifteen,
or what may perhaps be described as the con-
gressional view of this vexed question. It is
a plan of disunion, and it is a deception to call
it otherwise; and the friends of the Union, by
whatever name, must cooperate to defeat this
measure, or the Union will sooner or later
be destroyed by those who have arrogated to
themselves to be its special defenders.
This proposition is worthy of having ema-
nated from the tower of Babel. It carries
with it a confusion of tongues and a confusion
of purposes. One design, however, is clearly
apparent, and that is to secure the success of
the Republican party, even in the event of the
overthrow of the Union.
Now, Mr. Speaker, what have we in the oppo-
sition to this plan of procrastination and delay?
The President, immediately upon his acces-
sion to the Presidency, took up the plan which
Mr. Stanton informs us was the mode which
Mr. Lincoln had marked out for himself; and
he has steadily pursued it, regardless of threats
and clamor, exhibiting a moral courage of the
equal of which we have but rare instances in
history. Thus guided by wisdom and prudence,
he has brought us along until now the admis-
sion of loyal representatives in Congress from
the late rebel States is all that is required to
complete and make perfect our Union.
His plan is simple and effective, just and
equitable; and acceptable, as I believe, to a
vast majority of the people both North and
South. What is this policy?
1. That the southern States are in the Union.
Their ordinances of secession being null and
void, they have never been out, and are legally
entitled to representation in Congress.
2. That whenever the people in any of those
States elect Union men, of whose loyalty there
can be no question or doubt, it is the duty of
Congress to admit them.
8. That all those claiming seats in Congress
from the southern States who were prominently
identified with the rebel government or rebel
army should be immediately rejected and their
constituents requested to elect loyal Union
men in their places.
The issue is now made up, and to the people
we must appeal. It rests with them whether
we shall at once permit the people in the eleven
States to do as Generals Grant and Sherman
told the soldiers of their disbanding armies to
do—go home, resume their occupations, be
good citizens, and then promised them that
they should not be disturbed.
No real and hearty peace can for years come
from the course the majority in this House are
pursuing. You are continuing to do with the
loyal people of the South what the rebels did
during the war, persecute and contemn them.
All this is unjust, and is not the way to approach
restoration. Let us leave the war-path, and
return to the ways of friendship and peace.
Complaint is made, Mr. Speaker, of the sup-
port which the Democratic party, as a party,
throughout the country is giving to the Presi-
dent in his plan of restoration. That should
not surprise any one. The Democratic party,
during the period of the war, have closely
adhered to the Constitution and the laws of the
country. They find in President J olinson that
same disposition to adhere to the Constitution
and the laws. The course of the Democracy,
in their support of the President, is actuated
by a devotion to principle. It does not ema-
nate from any seeking for office or from any
other sordid motive.
There is another matter to which I wish to
direct the attention of the House, and through
the House the attention of the country. I
would suggest that in the view of just and
reasonable men the time has arrived when this
system of virulent abuse of the President of
the United States should Cease. It is time
that there should be an end of these appeals
to the morbid feelings and prejudices of the
people of the North, appeals calculated to array
the northern people against the people of the
South, who have laid down their arms, and
who, I believe, are now seeking in good faith
to conduct themselves in allegiance to the Con-
stitution. They have been punished severely,
not more severely, perhaps, than they deserve.
But why should we not accept their words as
expressing their real sentiments ? Why should
we treat them as aliens and outlaws, a policy
which must for a long time prevent us from
securing the full benefits of our victory?
Gentlemen seem to fear that unless some-
thing is. done by legislation to prevent it the
great conservative men of the country, under
the leadership of Andrew Johnson, will coine
into possession of the legislative branch of the
