1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2531
Government. Nothing can avert this. Your
reckless extravagance, your unnumbered vio-
lations of law, your constant effort to change
the organic law for party purposes; your per-
secutions of the President, who lias planted
himself upon the plan of restoration which Mr.
Lincoln determined upon; and your careless
mode of taxation, relieving affluent men and
heaping the expenses of our debt upon those
least able to bear it—all these point to your
certain overthrow.
All these points are certain to have their
effect. The Democracy,- so far as I know,
stand ready to operate with anyparty or set of
men to crush out the party which started with
a disposition to let the " South go," and now
at the close of the war seek the same practical
result—a continued separation of the States of
the Union.
I now yield the floor to my colleague.
Mr. STROUSE. Mr. Speaker, any prop-
osition to amend the Constitution of the Uni-
ted States would, a few years ago, have ex-
cited and aroused the greatest interest 011 the
part of the people as well as of Congress. The
good old charter produced by the inspired wis-
dom of the great and patriotic men who founded
the Republic is ignored by the modern reform-
ers. Amendments are offered and passed with
as much haste and facility as a bill to admit a
wilderness with a few hundred adventurers
roving in it as a State in the Union. There is
danger in this, danger to the country at large,
danger to our institutions and liberties. The
Constitution was never intended to be plastered
and patched as latterly it is proposed to do, no
more than the Union of States formed by the
thirteen old colonies was over designed to be
broken or severed by secession or rebellion of
any one or more States. Wo are prone to
speak lightly of an amendment to the Consti-
tution, as if it were no more than the passage
of an ordinary act. 1 regret this exceedingly.
Members of Congress, who arc here to repre-
sent the great body of the people, should be
extremely cautious how they tamper and tinker
with the fundamental law. History should be
our guide and counsel. The gradual under-
mining, changing, altering, and amending of
the foundation so strongly built, so massively
erected, so skillfully constructed by the mas-
ter minds of the revolutionary patriarchs, may
destroy the temple of the Republic which so
majestically rested on it for eighty years.
What necessity is there now, Mr. Speaker,
that demands the change which this bill calls
for? I am answered that the necessity grows
out of the war, that the South is vanquished,
the negroes are liberated, and that therefore
the organic law must be so amended that the
emancipated slave shall in all respccts be the
equal of the white man. Well, 1 have listened
patiently during this week to the many heavy
and light speeches made here on the subject
in hand by the friends and advocates of amend-
ment and negro equality, from the chief engi-
neer down to my dramatically tragic colleague
who reads anonymous rebel letters for the
instruction of this House, and yet I am not
enlightened on the subject under discussion.
Instead of debating this grave and serious ques-
tion as becomes statesmen and jurists, we hear
some six or eight stump speeches every day,
and in truth, not very courteous or good at
that. Gentlemen on the loyal side, as it is
called, in place of arguing the point of differ-
ence among themselves, that is, whether the
southern States are in or out of the Union, or
whether they fre conquered provinces and the
people aliens, or States and the people citi-
zens, indulge in political slang, abusing and
vilifying the Democratic party by charges and
accusations as groundless as they are discourt-
eous. I honestly believed that the time had
gone by for the utterance of such foul and
false attacks and aspersions, and especially in
this place. Thi- Democratic party of the coun-
try and the Democratic members of this Con-
gress require 110 defender here or elsewhere.
The history of the United States is the history
of the Democratic party ; its creed is the Con-
stitution, and its principles have been for sev-
enty-five years the operative cause of our
country's rise, progress, strength, and great-
ness.
When I see members here so intensely loyal,
who owe their present bombastic greatness to
the kindness and generosity of the Democratic
party, and who now traduce and malign their
Democratic colleagues, I cannot help thinking
that ingratitude is a crime and ought to be made
odious. I am inclined to think that there are
some furiously loyal gentlemen here, who, when
they shall give an account of their stewardship
to their constituents, may be politely informed,
by virtue of the power vested in the people,
that the private station is henceforth their post
of honor, and sic transit gloria mundi for hyp-
ocritical loyalty, niggers, universal suffrage,
bureaus, southern plantations, office, power,
glory, bag, and baggage.
Mr. Speaker, my first inquiry is, arc the south-
ern States still States and integral parts of the
Union, or have they, by the act of secession
and war, brought themselves to a territorial con-
dition, or the condition of a conquered foreign
country, now reduced to provinces? The
chairman of the reconstruction committee [Mr.
Stevens] answers affirmatively, and doubtless
many others here hold the same opinion. If
this be so, if that is the status of the southern
States, then all your constitutional amend-
ments, acts, conditions, prohibitions, and direc-
tions are in order and must be submitted to by
the conquered and vanquished foreigners inhab-
iting Virginia, the Carolines, Georgia, Louisi-
ana, &c.
It cannot be that this monstrous doctrine is
seriously entertained by a majority of this
House. This point has been so thoroughly
discussed that it were a waste of time to en-
large upon it. A short time ago, when 1 had
the honor to address the House on a subject
akin to this, I stated that our case, the late
rebellion, issuigeneris, which cannot be classed
under any ordinary description of war, civil or
foreign. The law of nations, as construed by
these old and eminent authors in monarchical
Governments in a past age, ought not and can-
not be fairly applied at this day in our dealing
with a portion of our own people, inhabiting a
part and parcel of our own territory. A war
with a foreign Power, or with a sovereign na-
tion, would place the legal question involved
in a very different light. We quelled the rebel-
lion among our own citizens and in our own
country. We conquered nothing. We have
not more territory, people, or property than
we had before. This, in my judgment, is the
rational and natural deduction from the prem-
ises, in law and in fact.
And this is my opinion now, that the States
are and never ceased to be, in law and in lact,
constituent parts of our Union. If I am cor-
rect in this opinion, and it is the view taken
by the most eminent lawyers and publicists of
the country, then what necessity exists for these
amendments of the Constitution? Let the
States be represented in the Senate and House
by men who can conscientiously qualify as mem-
bers, and after that, when we have a full Con-
gress, with the whole country represented, let
any amendment that may be required be pro-
posed, and let those most interested have an
opportunity to participate in the debates and
deliberations of matters of so much moment
to every citizen. If it were, not for the malig-
nant party spirit, the overweening desire to
perpetuate radicalism, proscription, and the
centralization of power instead of enlightened
statesmanship acting in a spirit of justice and
equity, the States would now be in their proper
positions quo ante helium, contributing and add-
ing to the general welfare and prosperity of the
country. North and South.
While discussing the report of the committee
with a learned friend of mine, he informed mo
that the subject was most ably treated in an
editorial in the New York Times. The Times
is acknowledged to be one of the ablest and
most leading Republican papers in the United
States. Fully concurring in the views therein
expressed, I beg to read the article for the
benefit of this House. It is sound, patriotic,
statesmanlike, and just, and well deserves the
serious consideration of every truly patriotic
man who loves his country, its history, and
glory :
"As a plan of pacification and reconstruction, the
whole tiling is worse than a burlesque. It might be
styled a farce, woro the country not in the midst of a
very serious drama. Its properdcsignation would be
A plan to prolong indefinitely the exclusion of the
South from Congress by imposing conditions to which
tlio southern people will never submit.' This being:
tlic obvious scopo and tendency ot the proposition,
wc arc bound to assume that it cleaily reflects the set-
tled purpose of the eommittcc. So that the joint com-
mittee, appointed nearly live months ago to take
exclusive charge of the question of reconstruction,
now offer as the result of all their labors what would
in tact render reconstruction forever impossible.
"There is an anomalous feature in the affair as it
stands, which of itself reveals the monstrous nature
of the pretensions set up by the committee. All
the provisions of the proposed amendment imply
tlio adoption of the cxtienie view in regard to the
relation of the South to tlio Union. Wo must begin
by assuming that what were States before the war
arc mcro Territories now; or this attempt to dictate
terms as the condition of recognition bccomcs undis-
guised usurpation. Wo must assume, in fact, that
the South is at this moment neither more nor less
than an aggregate of Territories, waiting for admis-
sion j,s States, and from whoso people Congress may
therefore require compliance with certain proposals.
And yet the amendment, on its iacc, declares the
existence, as States, of all the States recently in re-
bellion. and presupposes tlic exorciso by their sev-
eral Legislatures of the highest constitutional attri-
bute of State sovereignly. They have 110 right to
representation in Congress, forsooth. They may not
say yea or nay on the most trivial questions that
come before Congress. They aro not permitted to
enjoy a particle of influence in mattcis affecting the
finance, tlic trade, the industry, the foreign relations
of the country, or any of its concerns, great or small.
These privileges they arc denied on tlio pietonse that
they aro not within the Union, and therefore have no
right to recognition as parts of the Union. Never-
theless, under the contemplated amendment, they
are treated as sovereign States, whoso ratification of
the amendment is essential to its constitutional va-
lidity. Tlicy arc to vote for 01- against a change in tho
Constitution of the Union of which, on the radical
hypothesis, they are not present members! Could
absurdity go further? Could the folly of this fanati-
cism he made more manifest?
"LYorn the dilemma into which theeommitteo bavo
thus plunged thereisno logical escapo. Ifthesouth-
ern States are in a condition by their Legislatures to
ratify or reject a constitutional amendment, they must
of necessity bo qualified to send Senators and Repre-
sentatives to Congress, subject only to the judgment of
either House as to tho eligibility of the persons sent. A
State which may assist in tho sovereign task of mold-
ing the Constitution under which Congress acts may
surelydemandavoiccin whatLlicConstitution creates.
The greater right covers the lesser right in this or in
othcrcascs. On the other hand, if the southern States
aro not entitled to admission to Congress—if the point
lie established, as tiic radical doctors say it is, that
these are States no longer, but Territories only, sub-
ject to the will of the conqueror—then it follows that
they are not entitled to any lot or part in the busi-
ness of amending tho Constitution. Upon which horn
shall tlic 'central directory' be impaled? Shall wo
take it that ttiis prodigious amendment, this mighty
mouse brought forth by a mountain alter five months'
paiturition, does not moan what it says when ifc
speaks of the States lately in rebellion as States still,
with their sovereign functions unimpaired, though
foi a time unintenuptod? Or shall wo conclude that
the doctrine of Stato suicide is abandoned, the doc-
trine of subjugation given up, and tho criminal blun-
der of which the radicals have been guilty in ex-
cluding tho South from Congress at length confessed?
Let there be explicit answers upon these heads of
tlio subject. As it at present appears tho position
of the committee is utterly untenable.
"Aside from these points the worthlessness of the
committee's proposition is obvious. It cannot by
any possibility effect anything. Wo may confidently
take it for granted that tho people of the South will
never under any circumstances acquiesce in their
own disfranchisement lor four years m reference to
all that relates to the Federal Government. Thoro
is room for difference of opinion on the general
merits of the reconstinotion problem; on this point
there can bo none. Tho South has taken its stand
on the ground of a common citizenship, and it will
never accept as the piice of congressional represen-
tation that which would be equivalent to an acknowl-
edgment of lour years' serfdom ori inferiority as tho
penalty of rebellion. Nor should it be asked to ac-
cede to terms of this nature. Punish the rebel lead-
ers, if necessary, by banishment or otheiwise. But
to propose to punish a whole people to suit the par-
tisan conveniences of those who dictate the penalty
is an outrage upon justice and common humanity.
With all their errors and faults, tho southern peoplo
have shown that they are not cowards. They will
not belie their nature by writing themselves down
slaves at the bidding of a committee appointed to
consider the question of reconstruction.
" If we would do aught to hasten the result which
all moderate men admit to be exceedingly desirable
it is necessary, without more ado, to discard the idea
of constitutional changes as tlio condition-precedent
of the readmission of the South to Congress. That is
tho primary step toward reconstruction, practically
