1886.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1571
saying thatunder tlic Constitution of the United
Stales, in the clauso relating to the subject,
(the third clause of the first article.) the Legis-
latures ot the States are to choose Senators;
and ;<dded that the authority of the Legislatures
of tiie States to choose Senators is one "which can
neither be enlarged nor modified by any State
constitution. He says, and says correctly, that
the Constitution assumes as the proper agency
by which the election of United States Sena-
tors is to be effected, the Legislature of the
State ^ but we all know that the Constitution
of the United States does nut say. does not
pretend to ^ay, hu\v the Legislature of a State
shall be organized. \\ hat is the Legislature of
a State? it leaves that to be settled by their
own constitution and their own laws; over
that the Constitution of the United States gives
to no department of this Government the
slightest jurisdiction ; it on the contrary assumes
that its own continuance in existence is to be
effected, as far as the election of Senator is
concerned, by a body to be found in the States
vested "with legislative power. What legislative
power it is to have, how extensive it is to be,
or how restrirted it is to be, how it is to be
chosen, the Constilntion is entirely silent, and
was necessarily silent about, the sole purpose
being to bring into existence a Geneva! Govern-
ment to exercise certain delegated powers. It
left to the people of each State to establish for
itself its own constitution, and in that consti-
tution to say what department of its govern-
ment should bo vested with legislative author-
ity. It does not provide, and eouhl not have
provided, it'or if it had, it would not have been
adopted by the people.) that the Legislature
of a State to eon.-ist of two bodies. The
Senate, who ai e familiar with the proceedings
of the Convention itself b}' which the Consti-
tution was adopted, and who are familiar with
the proceedings of the com ention.s by which the
early constitutions of the States were adopted,
are not to be told that it was a matter of serious
doubt with the men of that day whether there
should not 1)0 but one body instead of two
bodies to whom the legislative department of
the Government was to bo devolved. What!
mean to say is that there is nothing in the
Constitution of the United States which pre-
scribe^ to the States tlx* manner in which they
sha'l (leet their Leci-lature. or the powers
which they shall devolve upon the Legislatures
so ehosen.
JJUCKALLW. The Senator will re-
member that ill .Pennsylvania there was but
a single legislative body at that time; there
was no Senate.
Mr. JOHNSON. i was aware of that, and
that was the preferred mode, 1 think, by Dr.
Franklin; and. to repeat, theieweie veiv se-
lious doubt-- vkhcther that was not tin1 best
nwide. Tha- bcingtlie it depends upon
tile j , ojde of New Jersey, and upon no other
peepl'-. to pn-'/ibe what shall be thr powers
of the L^i^hti till-.' oi W\V vjerso\. it depends
upOii them to -av Low the Legislature is to be
appoint ed • h< «w ibey a.'"to act when appointed:
wha; they aiv to do when, they act under th"u*
yppni'.j.nenr. In other words, t lie whole pow-
ers of tiiet department of the government are
made to depend exclusively upon the peo] le
o"f the State as the ^ill of the people of the
State may be expressed in its State consti-
tution. Thou. r -appose it would be clear—
nehhvr tin honorable tnemberfroni Nowilamp-
shire nor ti.e honorable member from Maine
would d.mbt i]i:11 proposition—that if the ho-
^h'ure of \>nv Jersey at. the period when
iht< ehriion v,;i : held liad consisted of ene
bod-, b\ ih(' euiMitntion of the State, that body
caid have d- ciared whether a plurality or a
major;; v sin and be required in the elertien.
Mr FESSKN1) J'jN. Undoubit dly, if it was
the Lc-idatiuv.
Mi. .> ()IIX-iON. There coulu be no doubt
aU'ut, thai. f took it for granted that the
ho;:e;,'' !<■ uim>i1>'-r "vt>ithl admit that, because
lie h' a LuLi'M rhat. a1, hou^li it is cmeii-
t aied of ;wo bodk-H..ii is in the powerof the two
bodies by law to provide that a United States
Senator maybe elected by less than a majority.
Now.what have they done ? They have divided
the legislative depai tment of the government
into two bodies, a Senate and a lloubci but
they have done something else. They have
provided that the Senate and the House in'the
election of officers shall meet in joint conven-
tion, and when assembled in joint convention,
are to be considered as the Legislature. Now
let me stop there; that is the only difficulty,
provided the honorable member's objection
rests upon that; because in so many words it
says that the Legislature in joint convention
assembled shall be considered the Legislature ;
that is. the men in jobit convention shall be,
within the meaning of the constitution of the
State of Now Jersey, for the purposes 
Mr. CLARK, if the Senator will allow mr,
I understand it to be this : that the appoint-
ments are to bo made by the Legislature in
joint convention.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly. Then it is a
Legislature in joint, convention.
Mr. CLARK. As far as it goe-.
Mr. JOHNSON. So i understand. ITow
far docs it go? It goes to the election of oili-
cers. The honorable member seems to sup-
pose because it provides only lor the election
of State oftieers that it has no application to
the case immediately before us : but that, as i
think, is a groat misapprehension. In its ap-
plication to State o'heers, its effect is—and 1
suppose the honorable member will admit it
—to clothe the bod)' so assembled with the
power to do in that collective body "what they
could severally do in their separate bodies by
a concurrent vote.
Mr. CLAllK. 1 do not admit that.
Mr. .JOHNSON. They have ah\ays done it.
Mr. CLARK. It may have always been
done wrong.
Mr. JOHNSON. If we m; an to commence
at the beginning of the votld and reform it,
that is (piitc another matter; but I suppose
what has been done since the constitution was
adopted up to the time when this election was
ludd is pretty persuasive e\idence of what, the
people of New Jerscv intended by the consti-
tution. and that is all Me want to ascertain, if
meeting in joint convention for the election of
their State officer.-;, theto being no law to pre-
vent it and 110 constitutional provision to pre-
vent it. they could provide4 that they might be
elected by a plurality vote, why is it that when
they come into joint convention legally they
shall not have the same powers?
The next question is, were they brought
together in joint convention legally? That
depends, iirst. upon the inquiry, is there any
law which brings them together; and secondly
upon the other inquir\, had the Legislature the
authoiitv to pass such a lav/? There is a law?
and what, is it:
" Scnater.-; of the VnUi d Plat--." on tlio 'part of tin0
Ftalo f-hsdl be i'i>i>'>int"<nl fy the Senate and ^encr.il
Assembly of thN Slate in joint m; (. tint; a.-M-i^biLd.''
It is not neee^sfirv to read the an hob* law.
Mr i-KSSKNDKN. 1 should bin- to ask the
Senator a question riirht there. Would not, the
Legislature of New ,Jersey hav* the power by
a joint resolution on concurrent act to elect a
Senator, and where a Senator was elected in
pursuance of that joint resolution, would he not
have been legally elected, notwithstanding that
lav of the StaJe?
Mr. J (JllXSON. I do "not know that. I am
not, prepared to say yes or no to that question.
That is not the point betnre the Sen:; V just now.
Mr. TLSSKNDLN. Why then does the
Senator cite that lav?
Mr. JOHNSON. For the purpo^- of show-
ing that they were brought propeilv into con-
vention : that is all. Hie use 1 shall make of
it. my friend will lind In and b\. if ho will only
stop his inquiries until I can ,^et to that point.
Mr. FLSSKNDKN. I did not know that the
Senator objected to inquiries, and of coarse
I shall make no more.
Mi. JOHNSON. I never object to any in-
quiry the honorable member puts ; but he some-
times puts an inquiry rather in anticipation of
!j what would be the proper period of propound-
|j ing it. He is somenmesrather in a hurry, like
h some other of my friends. [Laughter.] ISTow,
the law of 1R4G provides that—
Senator^ of tlio United States on the part of this
k tate shall be appointed by the Senate and General
Assembly ot tins btato in joint meeting asbembled."
Had they authority to pass that law, is the
nest inquiry. I do not understand that that is
doubted, and it could not. well be doubted with-
out unsettling the whole practice of the Gov-
ernment.. ] think there are some sixteen or
seventeen Stales in which the Senators are
elected in joint convention, and nobody has
ever in the past called in qestion the validity
of such an election ; and I do not understand
that either my friend from New Hampshire or
my friend from Maine does it in this instance.
if they had the authority to call them to-
gether in joint convention, what were tliey
when they got into convention? The Legis-
lature is made to consist by the constitution
of two branches, and the hnv says that those
two branches, instead of acting concurrently
in the election of Senators from New Jersey,
shall meet in joint convention. What for, and
in what capacity? To elect, Senators is the
purpose. In what capacity? As the Legis-
lature, for they could not give the authority to
anybody else. The constitution provides that
Senators shall be elected by the Legislature,
and the Legislature, in the exercise of what I
understand to be the admitted power, passes
a law which says that they shall go into joint
; meeting and there elect. Elect how? Elect
I as a Legislature, so that they are in the joint
j convention as a Legislature, ju.st as they are
j in such a convention as a Legislature by force
! of the constitution in the election of State
1 officers. There is not a word to be found in
; that law width providi s that tin yarn to act
separately when they get into joint convention.
There is not a word which declares the num-
ber of votes which are to be neee^nry to the
; election ; and the result may be, and the result
J often is—and that proves, as J think, that I
am right and my friend from Elaine is wrong—
' that a Senator is elected without getting per-
: haps a single vote from one of the branches
that constitutes the Legislature and authorized
! to act concurrently in the joint business of that
I department of the government. That might
i have been the ease here.
! The (ieneral Assembly of New Jersey con-
j sisted of Mxlv members, and the Senate of
: twenty-one. Suppose Mr. Stockton, or any-
i body else, had received a majority of the whole
j eighty-one—forty-two—and that, every one of
I the votes cast for him had been cast by mem-
I bers of the House, while every one of the
| votes of the Senate had been oa.-t atrainst him,
; would he not. have been elected? (.'eifainly he
would be elected ; but lie is not the choice of
the Legislature in one sense, if my friends are
rieht. If tlic legislative choice is to be made
j known by concurrent action and can only be
so made known, then the concurrent assent, is
neees^arv. if it may be made known 1))' the
joint action, without reference to the authority
! conveyed to each body by its own cons' itution,
then it can only be that a choice of that de-
| scription is a choice by the Legislature; and if
von come to the eonclu-'ion that the choice made
i in that way is a choice by the Legislature, itjs
! only because the two bodies when in joint con-
vention assembled constitute the Legislature.
! \\ by should it not be so? What has the Sen-
ate of the lTnitod States to do with it.? What
has the Constitution of the 0 nifed Statcs to do ^
with it? What have the people of the United *
Stale to do with it? V?e aie the representa-
tives of our own States. The Constitution
denies to itself the authority to interfere with
that risht. It says that the eleeiion of the
Senators of the several States shall be a mat-
ter exclusively within the authority of tile Lo-
I g'islatures of "the several States. How tlie Le-
'' gislature is to act, when they are to be eoncid-
i ered as a J .legislature, whether in acting in the
n particular instance they are to "be esteemed as
a Legislature depends upon the conslitutiou
