1866.]
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
91
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr, WiUiccrrts.
Senate-;
Representatives and show your obedience to
the Constitution and laws. And secondly,
some proper assurance that in your capacity
as a State for local and domestic purposes you
will conform to those great principles of jus-
tice which lie at the basis' of our Government,
and which require that all men shall be secure
in their lives, their liberties, and in their pur-
suit of happiness. I am now, sir, speaking of
principles secured to all, because I feel that
the results of this war have cast upon this nation
a great duty toward the emancipated race; and
humanity requires of us the performance of this
duty—not rashly, nor in a spirit of revenge under
the impulse of past injuries, but under that
higher and nobler feeling which calls for jus-
tice to all men.
PLAN FOE REORGANIZATION.
Resting upon the principles which I have at-
tempted to sustain during these remarks, I pro-
pose to inquire, is any State now ready to have
her representation admitted into this Congress,
and thus becomc fully restored to her natural
position and relations in the Union? I answer
yes, Tennessee; loyal, long-suffering, but ever-
faithful Tennessee. She has, by her legisla-
tion, guarantied to the emancipated race every
right enjoyed by the white man except the right
of suffrage. The right to testify in courts, to
sue and be sued, to marry, to acquire and con-
vey property, have, as I understand, been se-
cured to the black race. She has disfranchised
rebels who sought to overthrow the Govern-
ment. She has sent here, as Representatives,
loyal men who are ready to take the oath re-
quired before admission. These men, I under-
stand, have, during the rebellion, either been
refugees from their homes, to avoid death at
tho hands of traitors, or they have been fighting
in the Union armies for the life of the na-
tion. Some of them bear honorable scars from
wounds in battle, while defending our common
country.
Mr. Speaker, let this House consider these
things. Let it be remembered how nobly Ten-
nessee has struggled to preserve the heritage of
a free people. Do not forget—for this nation
will not—how gloriously Tennessee has acted
during these long years of desolating war. She
has, in her geographical positi on, stood upon the
frontier of rebellion. There, sir, she has re-
mained, faithful, brave, and loyal to the last.
BesU with foes from within and without, she
stood, like a •wall of granite, between the in-
surgent and loyal States, receiving and hurling
back the bloody surges of rebellion.
And that noble son of Tennessee, the Pres-
ident of the United States, who has endured
more, suffered more than it is in the power of
man to express, whose conduct during this fear-
ful struggle has been the theme of praise from
every loyal tongue in the Union, shall he be
longer regarded as an alien and a foreigner?
Shall we not, sir, in view of all these things,
open the doors of tho Union and receive with
joy and thanksgiving, back to the family man-
sion, these men from Tennessee? I hope so,
and I think so, for. sir, it seems to me that
justice as well as the voice of the country de-
mands it. Let it be done, and let it be done
quickly. Thus we shall give an example to
the other States, particularly, of our desire to
commence the work of rebuilding and read-
justing this Government.
In my judgment, Arkansas is likewise pre-
pared to be received, and wo can safely bid her
Representatives welcome. This much accom-
plished. we could safely delay the other States
for a more complete preparation, keeping there
all the military power ^necessary to preseive
order. j would further provide by all neces-
sary legislation within constitutional limits,
for "the security and protection of tho colored
race.
Thus we shall say to the other States, come;
come and be welcome: but before you come
submit to the laws and obey them cheerfully;
provide for the emancipated race, and do it
willingly. Elect and return loyal men as Rep-
resentatives—men who desire to support and
who will not betray their country. Come to
us as Tennessee comes, with loyal hearts, de-
termined to obey the laws, and our arms are
open to receive you. On this basis, sir, we caii
restore in due time our native,land to the glo-
rious position which of right belongs to her.
I believe that a calm, resolute, and patriotic
effort on this basis will soon bring all parts of
this great empire into harmonious and pros-
perous relations. Then, sir, we shall have set
out anew upon the great mission of civilization
that the Almighty has commissioned us to un-
dertake. Our progress in physical, moral, and
intellectual devolopment will be accelerated be-
yond all past history in any part of the world.
We shall become an example of the beneficence
and power of self-government that will be felt
and acknowledged by all civilized peoples on
the globe ; and if we prudently adhere to the
maxim of our fathers, and do not attempt to
propagate our institutions except as their excel-
lence shall commend them to a voluntary adop-
tion by other nations, we shall do such a work
on earth as no nation has ever accomplished
before, leaving for the world a history that will
light the pathway to those who come after us
seeking to .realize the blessings of liberty.
Apportionment of Representation.
SPEECH OP HON. GEO. H. WILLIAMS,
of oregon,
In the Senate or the United States,
'February 15, 1866.
The Senate, as in Committee of the Whole, having
under consideration the joint resolution (H. R. No.
51) proposing an amendment to the Constitution of
tho United States—
Mr. WILLIAMS said:
Mr. Pkesidekt : Much discussion has taken
place here and elsewhere as to the legal con-
dition of the States lately in rebellion, which I
shall call for the sake of brevity, if for no other
purpose, rebel States ; and I propose at this
time, .with the indulgence of the Senate, to
submit some views which I entertain upon that
subject, to which I shall add some suggestions
as to the proposed constitutional amendments.
I have no written speech to read, and I shall
not therefore aspire to beauty of expression or
elegance of style, but hope {hat any defects of
that kind which may appear in what I have to
say will be made up by the practical nature and
aptitude of my remarks.
I have the honor to bo one of the so-called
committee on reconstruction, and I presume,
therefore, it will not be proper for mo to dis-
cuss to any considerable extent the condition
in fact of the rebel States; but I suppose I shall
be safe in following the example of the experi-
enced Senator from Maryland. [Mr. Johxsox,]
who is also pn that committee, and confine
what I have to say chiefly to the legal aspects
of the question.
Philosophers and statesmen, so far as I am
acquainted with their writings, find it neces-
sary before they begin their essays or argu-
ments to define the terms which they propose
to use, so that as theyprocced they can under-
stand each other and arrive at an intelligible,
if not a satisfactory, conclusion. No little con-
fusion, in my judgment, has grown out of this
discussion by the use of terms and expressions
which are intended but do not describe the
existing state of things with sufficient clearness
and certainty. When Senators affirm that the
rebel States are in the Union, that expression
does not exactly describe their condition ; for
the State of New York is no more than a State
in the Union, and everybody recognizes a wide
difference between the condition of the State of
New York and the condition of tho rebel States,
When Senators affirm that the States are out
of the Union, they use an expression that is
true of Canada and Mexico, but when applied
to the_ rebel States it cannot and does not mean
what it does when applied to the countries that
I have just named. To be a State within this
Union, to use the exact language of the Con-
stitution of the United States and adopt it?
meaning, not only implies the existence of a
State:, btifc it necessarily implies tho existence
of certain relations between that State and the
General Government. Rhode Island, in 1790,
two years or more after the Constitution of
the United States was formed and had gone
into operation, was a State as much as it is to-
day ; but it was not a State within this Union,
for the relations had not then been established
between Rhode Island and the Federal Govern-
ment which are necessary to constitute a State
in the Union. Growing out of these relations
are certain rights, some of which appertain to
the General Government, and some of which ap->
pertain to the States, and when any State of this
Union violently and forcibly-disrupts those rela-
tions, it divests itself of the rights which depend
upon those relations for their existence. To
the preservation of these relations peace is a
necessity. They were made in peace. They
were intended to be supported and maintained
by peaceable means and measures, and when
a war occurs between a State and the General
Government, a state of things is necessarily
produced which is inconsistent with the exist-
ence, or at any rate with tho operation, of
those relations.
I make no distinction between a State and the
people of a State. What is a State but an ag-
gregation of individuals within certain bound-
aries, organized into a political body? When
many or few persons assail the authority of the
United States in a disorderly and tumultuous
manner they constitute a riot, an unlawful as-
semblage, or an insurrection, but when the
majority of a State, coercingthe minority, adopt
the State organization, and, acting through that
State organization, rebel, there is war between
that State and the Federal Government. I say
that there is no practical difference between a
State and the people of a State, because a State is
simply the political designation of certain peo-
ple within a geographical division of the coun-
try. Can a State be anything else than itis made
to be by the people? What are the laws of a
State but the expressions of the popular will?
What is a State o'ganization but an invention
to ascertain, to express, and to execute the will
of the people, or a majority of the people? Take
the State of South Carolina, for instance, and I
shall refer to that State for example in what I
have to say. Suppose all the people in that State
were or are rebels, can the State, in the nature
of things, be anything else than a rebel State?
Go into that State and you find a man and ho
proves to be a traitor ; you find another man,
and he proves to be a traitor, and so you go
through the entire State and find all the people
traitors; but when this mass of treason is or-
ganized into what is called a State, then it is
claimed by some that loyalty is begotten, that
the crcature entirely under the control of the
crcator is not what the creator desires it to be.
I do not say. Mr. President, as a matter of fact,
that all the people in tho State of South Caro-
lina are traitors, but I do say that a majority of
the people of that State, compelling the minority
to submit, did seize upon the State organization
and convert it into an embodiment of their views
and wishes, so that it became in point of fact
the mere incorporation of the individual traito 'S
in that State.
Sir, there is political treason as well as legal
treason; and political treason, it seems to me,
is quite as dangerous to the country as legal
treason, because it is distinguished by no def-
inite shape or form. Political treason can give
shapes to Proteus and colors to the chameleon.
When Satan, as I have rend, was defeated in
his attempt upon the throne of the Most High,
he and his followers were hurled over the bat-
tlements of heaven upon the blazing plain below,
