■1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
3491
passed and which are to be passed to an
amount of something like six millions. There
are many others not provided for. Many have
been killed in organizations known as home
guards, having doncgood service for their coun-
try, and their widows are living with large fam-
ilies, and penniless in many instances. We
feel we could not extend the pension laws to
that class of persons. Should not the widows
of men who were killed in battle receive the
bounty of the Government sooner than those
who only served in the war of 1812 and have
not been wounded?
. Now, Mi'. Speaker, we have had many com-
plaints since the action a week ago. These old
soldiers have been writing to us, and some of
them have said very hard words to us because
we have not been more willing to meet then-
expectation in this regard. I have a letter
now in my hand from one who has written to
many other members of the House; I believe
thegentleman from Pennsylvania among others.
This gentleman complains that it was said in
the debate on this subject that Congress had
been extremely liberal in its legislation in re-
gard to the soldiers of 1812, and he wants us to
pointout lo him in what this liberality consists.
He says he cannot see it. He asks us to take
his own case. He says he enlisted in 1814,
just before the close of the war, and served six
months faithfully, and all the Government has
ever given him since that time is two land-war-
rants, of eighty acres each, which he sold for
only $150. That is all he has received during^
the fifty-two years since the close of the war of'
1812, and he says it is only three dollars per
year for that period of tiuie. He does not
complain that the Government did not pay
him all it agreed to, nor that he was injured at
all by the service of six months. He probably
was never in a battle, never smelt, gunpowder;
still he is among the first to complain and is
the severest in his censure.
Now, I only wish to say that my friend from
Pennsylvania, [Mr. Stevens,] in liis very earn-
est remarks, made a, mistake in one regard which
I wish to correct, so that it may not have a false
impression. ITe remarked that we pensioned
the soldiers of the Revolution indiscriminately
thirty-five years after the close of the war.
That is not correct. Fifty-two years had elapsed
before they wore pensioned. The same time
has now elapsed since the war of 1812. I do
not desire to occupy the time of the House.
The committee have many private bills which
they wish to call up, and I will move the pre-
vious question, unless some gentleman desires
to speak on the subject.
Mr. SPALDING. I wish to say a word.
Mr. PERHAM. I will yield to the gentle-
man.
Mr. SPALDING. T desire to say that there
must be some mistake in the statement that it
will require anything like £10,000,000 to pen-
sion the soldiers of 1812, even if we adopt the
same plan that was adopted in regard to the
revolutionary soldiers. Two years ago 1 had
occasion to inquire of the Commissioner of
Pensions in regard to the probable expense.
The number of soldiers of 1812 has certainly
not increased since that time, but must in the
ordinary course of events have diminished.
At that time I was informed by the Commis-
sioner that the expense would be from three
to five millions. And now the estimate is
made at $10,000,000.
Sir, I am in favor of doing something for
these men who are now living. They are few
in number, and the number is daily growing
less. If we put it off for another year, how
many shall we have left? There can hardly
be a man of them less than seventy years of
age. 1 was a boy in 1814, and I now lack two
years of being seventy. The bulk of the sol-
diers of the war of 1812 must be over seventy
years of age. If the Committee on Pensions,
do not deem it expedient to give to these old
men as much ot a pittance as was afforded to
the soldiers who fought in the war which has
just closed we will not complain; but they
surely ought not to turn their backs upon them
and refuse to do anything. If it be necessary
that economy be carried to that extent, so far
as regards our national Treasury, I would pro-
pose that the committee take this matter into
consideration and report something in the shape
of a donation to these old men, say of two,
three, or five hundred dollars; something that
may smooth their passage to the grave.
Mr. PERHAM. I do not rest this matter
entirely upon the cost and expense; but 1 wish
to say a word in reply to the gentleman from
Ohio [Mr. Spalding] on this subject. The
gentleman says that he applied to the Pension
department a year ago, and was informed that
it would take from three to five million dollars
annually to carry out this act. I have no doubt
of that fact. We all know that the estimates
are very much below what the expenditures
amount to. I desire to move tho previous
question upon this bill, but I will yield for a
moment to the gentleman from Pennsylvania,
[Mr. Miller.]
Mr. MILLER. Mr. Speaker, I think the
honorable chairman of the committee [Mr.
Periiam] is clearly mistaken in his estimate
of the surviving soldiers of tho war of 1812;
in fact, it is based upon a mere supposition,
and from that he formed his estimate of $10,-
000,000 annually as the amount required to
pay pensions under the provisions of the pres-
ent bill. 1 find that by the first section of an
act of Congress, approved April 10, 1812, en-
titled "An act to authorize a detachment from
the militia of the United Stales'" (see United
States Statutes-at-Large, volume two, pages
T05, 70G,) it is provided:
"That the Presidentof the United States be.andis
hereby.nuthoriy.ed to requircof theExecutivesof the
several States and Ten itories to take effectual meas-
ures to organize, arm, ami equip according to law
and hold in readiness to march at a moment,V u as ri-
ms tlicir lespcetive pro tun turns of one hundi ed thou-
sand militia, officers included, to be apportioned by
the President of the United States from the latest
militia letuins in the Department of War, and in
eases where such returns have not, been made by such
other data as he shall judge equitable."
Thus it will be seen that under the provis-
ions of this act the maximum number of mili-
tia to be called out was one hundred thousand.
I have no correct data as to tho number of vol-
unteers and seamen, as many of tho records
were destroyed by the llritish invasion of this
city (Washington) during that war. Itiselear,
however, that, the survivors are nothing like
the number supposed by the honorable gentle-
man. Including seamen, they certainly can-
not exceed from twenty-five to fifty thousand,
and a large number between the age of seventy-
five and eighty years. I find, by pamphlets fur-
nished me by the seeretaiy of the Pennsylva-
nia Association of the defenders of the country
in the war of 1812, that the mortality iu that
association between tho years 1800 and 18(>(i
was astonishing, and it is lair to presume that
deaths occurred in the same proportion among
the other veterans of that war throughout the
United States, so that the ranks must, be now
very much thinned; and it must be borne in
■mind that the bill provides to pay only those
who are in necessitous circumstances.
But it is said by the honorable gentleman
[Mr. Pkrium] that many old men put their
property out of their hands by giving it to their
children, and therefore this hill might embrace
such in its provisions. It is not, Mr. Speaker,
to be supposed that these old veterans, with
one foot in the grave, would attempt to com-
mit a fraud upon the Government; but if any
should have intrusted their little property to
their children, with an understanding that they
should receive a comfortable support the re-
mainder of their days, and by some misfortune
that property should be swept away and their
support with it, would that be any reason why
these old men should not be eared for by the
Government they defended in their manhood
against the assaults of a powerful nation? It
is said that there are many widows and orphans \
of those who fell in the late war for putting
down the rebellion, who claim and ought, to
have increased pensions. All this I concede,
Mr. Speaker, but is that any reason for not
paying the indigent soldiers of the war of 1812,
who are equally meritorious? The gentleman
also argues that the country is not in a proper
condition to meet these demands. This, as I
stated, when the case was up last week, is a
mistake. The nation is able and willing, and
all that is wanting is for Congress to pass the
law and our constituents will cheerfully re-
spond, '' Well done good and faithful servants.''
We are reducing taxation, and have done so
more than seventy millions, and yet " we are
unable lo meet this demand.'1 I would ask
this House what would be the effect of delay in
this matter. The answer is plain, and that is
that these old soldiers will soon be laid in their
graves. I want to see them eared for so that
they can have some little of the comforts of
this world and a pittance to give them a decent
burial.
We are told that we are not yet done paying
pensions lo the soldiers of the revolutionary
war. Mr. Speaker, as I stated in my former re-
marks, there are but two of those honored sires
remaining, and would to God there were more
of them, so that they could seethe magnificent
Government for which they fought in tho dark
days to make free. A few days more, and
these two will he gone, and so it will be with,
those of the warof 1812. They will not trouble
Congress long. As 1 said on a former occa-
sion, a bill passed this House in 1858 allowing
them a pension, which was not acted on in tho
Senate. Now, sir, is this House less patriotic
at present than it was in 18o8'? I am sure the
vote about to be taken will show the veneration
this Congress has for t,ho,so who iu the hour of
peril risked their lives for this country, and it
will show to the rising generation that this is n
nation that is (rue to its defenders ; and if ever
we should be imbrued in another war it would
be astinmlant for our young men to rally around
the flag of our country, and woe be to the nation
that would attempt to tarnish the emblem of
this Republic or impugn the Monroe doctrine.
It is said, Mr. Speaker, that it will require con-
siderable to pay pensions to the widows of such
as are dead, that are in necessitous circum-
stances. There certainly cannot be a very large
number of tliera remaining, and those that are
must be far advanced in life, for it cannot be sup-
posed that a man eighty years old would leave
a very young widow. Now, Mr. Speaker, 1 have
endeavored to discharge my duty to these old
defenders of our country, and if my feeble
effort is instrumental in inducing this Congress
to pass a law giving a pittance to soothe them
in their declining years, I feel grateful. I am-
satisfied this Republic will be none the poorer;
that the same omnipotent Hand that led us
through the late terrible war triumphantly will
bless our nation with abundance. And 1 am
sure the honorable committee will most cheer-
fully and promptly respond to the action of this
House.
Mr. STEVENS. I understand now that the
motion is to recommit the bill with instructions
to bring in a hill. I move to amend the in-
structions as follows: to report an amendment
increasing the lowest rate of pensions for total
disability, which now rates at eight dollars, to
ten dollars per month.
Mr. MILLEK. I rise to a question of order.
I submit that the amendment is not germane
to this bill.
'J'he SPEAKER. The Chair thinks the
amendment is germane, as it relates to the
subject of pensions.
Mr. FARQUHAR. With_ the consent of
the chairman of tho Committee on Invalid
Pensions. 1 desire to ask the gentleman from
Pennsylvania [Mr. Steven-.s] whether _t,he
amendment he proposes applies to ^pensions
generally, and will reach the cases of soldiers
of the war of 1812 if adopted.
Mr. STEVENS. It instructs the committee
to report a hill increasing the lowest rate of
pension for total disability from eight dollars to
ten dollars. It applies to all pensions that now
rate at eight dollars a month, and raises them
all to ton dollars a month. 1 proposed twelve
dollars a month the other day; but I found that
