m
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Williams.
30th Cong.... 1st
and there he assembled around him his discom-
fited hosts and besought them to accomplish
"by guile and fraud what force effected not."
I express no opinion upon the subject, but is it
not possible that the conspirators who brought
this country to the brink of ruin by the late re-
bellion, and who have been restored to their
former places of power * and influence iy an
unlimited exercise of the pardoning power,
may be now contriving and conspiring, as did
their great prototype, to accomplish by "guile
and fraud what force effected not'?'1 Has the
Government, I ask, no power to protect itself
against treason unless it comes in the panoply
of arms? Is it true that treason is not as much
to be dreaded and feared when it approaches
the Government as did the arch deceiver our
frail mother in the garden, with soft and gentle
words, as when it comes with All the pomp and
circumstance of war ? Is the arch enemy of
mankind less to be feared because sometimes
he finds it necessary in the prosecution of his
wicked purposes to disguise his true character
and appear as an angel of light?
Mr. President, when Senators affirm that these
rebel States are States in this Union, I make no
issue with them upon that allegation; I do not
traverse the averment and say that these States
are out of the Union; but when Senators deduce
from what they have said the conclusion that
these States are entitled to all the rights and
privileges of States within this Union, 1 contro-
vert that conclusion. I deny that these rebel
States are entitled to all the rights and privi-
leges of States within this Union. To say that
a State is within the Union is of little conse-
quence ; to say that a State is out of the Union
is of little consequcnce; but to say that the rebel
States arc or are not entitled to the rights and
privileges of States within this Union is a prac-
tical question. That is the question now press-
ing upon Congress for decision. That is the pre-
cise issue before the country. Let us try and
eliminate, if we can, the truth from that issue.
Mr. STEWART. Will the Senator allow me
to ask him a question?
Mr. WILLIAMS. Certainly.
Mr. STEWART. Taking the Senator's rule
that these States are not in the Union, or are
not entitled to all the rights of States, I should
like him to make it a little more sjjeciiic, and
I ask him if he thinks Tennessee is in the Union
and entitled to be represented?
Mr. WILLIAMS. I ask the Senator to be
patient and hear what I have to say. It is im-
possible for me to embrace the discussion of all
questions within five minutes. I will endeavor
to answer the gentleman's inquiry before Icon-
elude, as I shall probably refer particularly to
the State of Tennessee.
I propose, Mr. President, in the first place
to notice an argument that is always employed
to maintain the proposition that these States
are within this Union, or that they arc States
entitled to all the rights and privileges of States
within this Union. It is argued by gentlemen
who advocate this doctrine that the ordinances
of secession were unconstitutional and void,
and therefore did not affect the relation of the
rebel States with the General Government, and
they remain as States within this Union. This
logic is plausible, but it leaves out of view one
important and decisive fact. Admitting that
these ordinances of secession were void in law,
that is, that a court upon a question made would
pronounce them unconstitutional and void, it
is nevertheless true that they were operative.
Every lawyer is familiar with the doctrine that
a statute may be unconstitutional and at the
same time it may be operative, and it may pro-
duce all the practical effects that it would if
there was no doubt whatever as to its validity.
Take as an illustration the law that was passed
making United States Treasury notes legal
tender. When that law was before Congress
the opinion was expressed that it was unconsti-
tutional. That opinion may be correct; it may
eventually be so decided by the Supreme Court
of the United States. But I ask, even if that
decision is ultimately made, has not this law
sustained the financial credit of the country
through the late struggle to the same extent
and with the same effect as though there had
been no question as to its constitutionality?
When the law organizing the Freedmen's Bu-
reau was before this body the other day it was
pronounced by eminent Senators here to be an
unconstitutional act. Suppose they are correct
in that opinion, but this law goes into opera-
tion, and everybody acquiesces in its validity
for three years or five years, and it is then re-
pealed ; will not that law during the time of its
operation have accomplished all that it would
if no question had been made as to its valid-
ity?
Now, sir, these ordinances of secession may
not absolutely have dissolved the legal relations
between the States and the General Govern-
ment, but they produced a practical dissolu-
tion. Take, to illustrate, a case where a hus-
band and wife quarrel and separate; their home
is abandoned, their family broken up, their
children scattered, and reduced to indigence
and want, all concerned are humiliated and
disgraced; still, in law, the man and the woman
are as much husband and wife as t&ey ever
were, but the practical effect of their separa-
tion is just afl disastrous as though the legal
relation was severed at the time .their personal
association ceased.
I say, then, as-to these ordinances of seces-
sion, that they were contrary to the Constitu-
tion and were without right in law, but they
were practically operative in the rebel States
becausc they were received and accejjted by
the people upon whom they were intended im-
mediately to operate, and as to those people
they had the power and effect of valid ordi-
nances.
Sir, are we to assume in the view of the his-
tory of the last four years that these ordinances
of secession were mere, nonentities? Pursuant
to these ordinances State governments were
organized in eleven States; they combining and
confederating together organized a confederate
government, and that confederate government
for four years, with more than a million bay-
onets, sustained its existence and carried on a
war that made this nation trcmblefrom its center
to its circumference. Is it true, then, that these
ordinances were mere nothings ? Is it true that
with all our mighty armaments of war we were
simply nullifying what in themselves were per-
fect nullities? I suppose it is well known to
every Senator that there is a doctrine in the law
which recognizes a distinction between a de
facto officer or Government and a de jure officer
or Government. Acts of a de facto officer or
of a de facto Government are regarded as valid
although tliey may not legally originate or exist.
These governments, whatever may be said as to
the question of right, were defacto governments,
and I do not concur in the opinion that was ex-
pressed the other day by the honorable Sena-
tor from Michigan [Mr. Howard] that a man
who was compelled by one of these govern-
ments to bear arms against the United States
was guilty of treason. I say that if any man
under one of these de facto governments, in
order to save his own life, was compelled to bear
arms against the Federal Government, he was
guiltless of treason in that act, and there is no
tribunal in my judgment in Christendom that
would punish him for crijne under such circum-
stances. Acts derive their criminality or their
moral character from the intent with which they
are committed. Homicide may be murder or
it may be justifiable, depending upon the in-
tent of the person who commits the act, and
certainly if there be no intent to commit the
crime of treason no man can be justly punished
for a necessary or involuntary commission of
the act.
Let us suppose that under one of these rebel
governments, in 1862, a law was passed provid-
ing that conveyances of land should be valid
without any witnesses, when the law of the
State prior .to that time was that two witnesses
should be necessary to the validity of a deed.
Suppose uncer that law a man conveyed his
land to another, and received an equivalent
therefor, I ask, notwithstanding this law was
passed by a rebel Legislature and the convey-
ance made under it. if all respectable courts
would not hold and recognize that as a valid
conveyance, one by which the title was trans-
ferred from, the grantor to the grantee ? •
Suppose, to illustrate still further, that the
people of the United States should elect a man
President who was only thirty years of age,
when the Constitution requires that he shall be
thirty-five years old; that would clearly be an
unconstitutional election; but suppose he should
enter upon and continue in the discharge of
the duties of the office until the expiration of
his term,.I ask if the acts of that Administra-
tion would not possess the same validity that
they would if the President had possessed the
qualifications .required by the Constitution?
I accept this position with all its legal con-
sequences ; and I say that as to persons who
were living in those States and who have suf-
fered from the calamities of the late war, with-
out respect to their private feelings or predilec-
tions, they must share the fortunes of the gov-
ernments under which they lived. When a
man went into the State of Virginia to live, he
took that State as a-rnan takes his wife, "for
better or for worseb.e took that State with all
its«blessings and advantages in a time of peace,
andhetookitwith all its disadvantages and evils
in a time of war. Although I do not say that
there is not some case growing out of the rav-
ages of war in the rebel States constituting a
claim against the United States which can be
recognized, I .say that I have never yet heard
of or seen a claim of that kind that I would
conscnt to allow; and I put my objection upon
the ground that the people residing in the rebel
States during the war were defacto the subjects
of a foreign Power, and though they are te be
commiserated for their misfortunes, they are
not to be indemnified by the people of the loyal
States for their losses. I think the people who
sustained the war for the Union have expended
blood and treasure enough without paying for
the injuries they were compelled to inflict upon
the citizens of the rebel States in order to put
down the rebellion.
I know it is sometimes said that these posi-
tions will make it necessary for the Federal Gov-
ernment to assume the debts of the rebel States;
but I answer to that, in the first place, that the
Government has the power to refuse to pay them,
and that is sufficient. In the second place, I do
not believe that any precedent can be found
where a community having rebelled against a
Government, and is defeated and subdued, that
the parent Government, without any treaty or
negotiation, is bound to assume, or has assumed,
the debts created by the defeated community
in its attempted rebellion. And in the third
place, while those acts that were executed may
generally stand, the contracts that were made
to aid the rebellion are executory and void and
cannot be enforced because they were made for
an illegal consideration.
Another argument that is urged, and has been
repeated in the Senate, is that these States had
no right to secede, and therefore they did not
secede; and the Senator from Nevada [Mr.
Stewart] the other day put the proposition
in this form: they (referring to the rebel States)
said that they wanted to secede; we said they
should not secede; the question was submitted
to the arbitrament of war and decided in our
favor. Now, with due deference to the Sena-
tor, I think he did not accurately state the issue
in the war. The question was not as to whether
these States had or had not seceded, but the
question was whether or not they had a right to
secede. South Carolina made her ordinance
of secession, organized her State government,
and committed the overt act of secession. But
