ms
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
January 30,
Thomas, Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernam, Burt Van
Horn, Ward, Warner, Elihu B, Washbijj-ne, William
B. Washburn,\Vcntwovth,*Wuliam:-:, James F.Wilson,
Stephen F. Wilson, Windom, and Woodbridge—9L
NOT VOTLNG — Messrs. Ancona, Blaine, Blow,
Bandy, Ghanler, Culver, Deminor, Dritfgs, Dumont,
Orinncll, Harris, Henderson, l)cmas Ilubbard, James
Humphrey, Jones, Julian. Kelso, Marston, Marvin,
Soofield, Sitgreaves, Stroase, Voorhees, and Wha-
ley—24. ,
§o the resolution was not agreed to.
Pending the call of the roll,
Mr. TAYLOR, said, my colleague, Mr. Jones,
is confined to his room by sickness.
At the conclusion of the call of the roll,
Mi'. BIDWELL said, I voted "ay" under
the impression that this House was going to be
consistent, and to allow the gentlemen from
Arkansas to, come upon this fioo.r on the ground
that they were loyal, as they did in the case of
the gentlemen from Tennessee.
The SPEAKER. Debate is not in order.
Mr. BIDWELL. I change my vote to " no."
The result of the vote was then announced
as stated above.
Mr. STEVENS moved to reconsider the vote
last'taken ; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid on the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
deficiency appropriation bill.
Mr. STEVENS reported from the Committee
on Appropriations a bill (II. 11. No. 80) mak-
ing additional appropriations to supply deficien-
cies in the appropriations for sundry civil ex-
penses of the Government for the fiscal year
ending June SO, 18GG, and moved that the bill
"be referred to the Committee of the Whole on
the state of the Union, and be made the speouil
order for Tuesday, February (!, and from day
to day until disposed of.
The motion was agreed to.
census op manufactures.
Mr. LAFLIN reported from the Committee
on Printing the following resolution :
Resolved, That twenty thousand copies of the report
of tho Secretary of the Interior, in response to a res-
olution of this House, giving a tabular statement of
all manufactures m tho United States, bo printed for
the use of tho members.
Tho resolution was agreed to.
printing of last congress.
Mr. LAFLTN. I ask unanimous consent to
make a .statement in the nature of a personal
explanation.
The SPKAKEH. The Chair hears no ob-
jection. The gentleman will proceed.
Mr. LAFLIN. Mr. Speaker, I hold in my*
liand a copy of the "Rock Island Weekly Argus,
published m Illinois, which contains the follow-
ing statement:
"The Enormous Expenses op tiik Rkptblicvn
Congiucss.—As an example of the wasteful prodi-
gality of the last Republican Oongre^, wo may state
that it is admitted that the printing alone lor it cost
last year over two hundred million dollars."
Now, sir, oven supposing that this statement
was unintentionally exaggerated by-a mistake
of the printer, and that (he amount intended
to be stated was $2,000,000, fa supposition that
is not very probable, as the amount is printed
in^words, not in figures,) it is due to the last
Congress to state that even the latter amount, is
far beyond the truth. The Committee on Pi int-
ing, through the chairman of that committee
in the Senate, has made a demand upon the
Superintendent of Public Printing for a tabular
statement, which will bo placed in the posses-
sion of every member of the House. For my
presentpurpose it is sufficient to state that the
expenditures for printing for the last Congress,
including both the. Senate and the House,
amounted to S700,C>18 53, less than one half the
amount stated in this paper, even supposing that
there wasan unintentional mistake in the ii nures.
Mr. STEVENS. Oh, it was no mistake.
Mr. LAFLIN. Of this sum of $700,013 53,
the amount for the House of Representatives
is a little over $421,000; the amount for the
Senate,^ $-79,000. This is all that 1 have to say.
Mr. SI EVENS. X now demand the regular
order.
Mr. "WINDOM. I aslc the gentleman to yield
to aae for one mom ent, I desire simply to offer
a resolution for reference to the Committee on
Printing.
Mr. STEVENS. I yield for that purpose.
condition of tiie indian tribes.
Mr. WINDOM, byunanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution :
Resolved, Thj^the report of the committee to in-
vestigatotheeondition of the Indian tribesbe printed,
and that six thousand additional copies be printed for
the use of the House.
The SPEAKER. This resolution will be
referred, under the law, to the Committee on
Printing.
RECONSTRUCTION.
Mr. KASSON. I ask unanimous consent
to' submit the following resolution:
Resolved* That the joint committee of fifteen on
reconstruction consider the expediency of proposing
thefollowing several propositions to each of the States
lately in rebellion, tor adoption by the Legislatures
or conventions thereof, as a fundamental compact
between each of s.ud States and the United States,
irrepcalahle without mutual consent:
First. No ordinance, regulation, or law shall ever
be adopted by or have force within paid State, which
shall cause, intend, or permit tho secession or with-
drawal of said State, or of the citizens thereof, from
the Union of these States; or the release of the officers
or people^ of said State from their obedience to the
Constitution oi'theUnited States of America; or from
their allegiance to the constitutional Government
thereof.
Second. The right to bring and defend suits in all
thccourtsof said State, and to give testimony therein,
according to the usual coursc of law, shall be enjoy-
ed on equal terms by all persons resident therein,
irrespective ot race or eoloi; and all forfeitures, pen-
alties, and liabilities under any law, in any criminal
or other proceeding, for the punishment of any crime
or misdemeanor, shall be applied to and shall bear
upon all persons equally, without any distinction of
race or color.
Third. The right to acquire, hold, and dispose of
proportv, real, personal, and mixed, shall, in said
State, be enjoyed on equal terms by all naturalized
citizens and by all persons native-born, without dis-
tinction of race or coloi.
Fourth. No law, oidinanoe, or regulation shall be
adopted in said State, lceogni/Jng or creating any
debt or liability on tho part ol said State, or oi any
municipal or corporate authority within the jurisdic-
tion thereof, on account of credit, money, material,
'supplies, personal services, or other consideration
whatsoevei, taken by or tarnished to or for the aid of
any government or authority, or pretended govern-
ment or authority, or military or naval force, or mili-
tary or naval or civil officer, or pretended officer, here-
tofore set up, or acting in hostility to the Government
of the United States, or so to he set up hereafter; but
all such liabilities shall be void; and no tax shall ever
be imposed,^assessed, or collected by any authority
within said State on account thereof.
Mr. LOAN objected, but subsequently with-
drew his objection, and the resolution was re-
ceived and referred to tho joint committee on
reconstruction.
INTERNAL KEYEXUE KEPOIIT.
Mr. MORRILL, byunanimous consent, sub-
mitted the following resolution ; which was
read, and, under tho rules, referred to the Com-
mittee on Printing:
Resolved, That theiebe printed six thousand copies
of rhe report of the Comme--doner of Internal Reve-
nue, two thousand for the use of the House, and four
thousand tor the use of the office of the internal rev-
enue.
cuiiiiExcr.
Mr. ni'BBARD, of Connecticut, by unani-
mous consent, submitted the following resolu-
tion; which was read, considered, and referred
to the Committee on Banking and Currency:
Reiolvcd, That this House will eoopciate with the
Secretary of the Treasury in his cfioits to bring the
currency ot tho country to a specie basis.
basis OV representation.
Mr. STEVENS demanded the regular order
of business.
The SPEAKER stated the regular order of
business to be the consideration of the follow-
ing joint resolution reported by the joint com-
mittee on reconstruction:
Resolved by the Senate and Ilonse of Representative?
of the United Statr# of America in Confrrrt* resembled,
(two thirds of both Houses concurring,) Thnt the fol-
lowing article be proposed to the Legislatures of the
several States as an amendment to the Constitution
of the United State: which, when latified bv th**cc
fourths ot the said Legislatures, shall be valid as part
of said Constitution, napiely;
Article —. Representatives and direct taxes shall
be apportioned among the several States which may
be included within this Union according to their re-
spective numbers, counting the whole number of per-
sons in cich State, excluding Indians not taxed: Pro-
m (I,->d .That whenever the elective franchise shall be
denied or abridged in any State on account of raco
or color, all person? of such raco or color ehall be
excluded from the basis of representation. 4
The pending question was on the motion of
Mr. Le Blond to refer the joint resolution and
pending amendments to the Committee of the
Whole 011 the state of the Union.
Mr. HOGAN. Mr. Speaker, as it is evident
I shall not have an opportunity to, make the
speech I designed 011 the pending subject, I ask*
by unanimous consent, that I shall be allowed
to write it and print it in the debates.
There was no objection, and it was ordered
accordingly.
[The speech will be published in the Appen-
dix.]
The SPEAKER. The previous question was
seconded last evening, and the question is now,
Shall tho main question benow ordered to beput?
Mr. STEVENS. I hope the demand for the
previous question will be withdrawn, and that
by common consent the amendment be referred
to tho committee on reconstruction without
instructions.
The SPEAKER. Tho gentleman can getat
that by moving to reconsider the vote by which
the previous question was seconded.
Mr. STEVENS. I make that motion.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. GRISWOLD. I now withdraw the de-
mand for the previous question.
Mr. LE BLOND demanded theyeas and nays
on his motion to refer to the Committee of the
Whole on the state of the Union.
Mr. CONKLING. Before the yeas and nays
are ordered, I desire to say that I hope this sub-
ject will be referred to the committee on re-
construction without instructions. That seems
to be the desire of the House, and the commit-
tee have 110 objection. I hope that at least tho
friends of the measure willTote in that way.
The yeas and nays were ordered.
The question was taken 5 and it was decided
in the negative—yeas 37, nays 133, not voting
12; as follows ;
YEAS—Messrs. Bergen, Boyer, Brooks, Chanler,
Dawson, Donison, Eidridgc, Finck, Glossbrcnner,
Goodyear, Grider, Aaron Harding, Harris, Hogan,
Edwin N. liubbell, James M. Humphrey, Ivor. Le-
Blond, Marshall, McCuilough, Mcllucr, Niblack,
NA\S— Messrs. Alley, Alihon, Ames, Anderson,
Doles It. Ashley, James M. Ashley, Baker, Baldwin,
Banks, Baxter. Beaman, IWjamin, Bidwcll. Bing-
ham, Blain^, Blow, Boutwcll, Brandcjrce, Biumwell,
Broomall, Bnckland, Bundy, Reader W. Clarke, Sid-
ney Clarke, Cobb, Conkling, Cook, Cullom, Bailing,
Davis, Dawes, Defrees, Dclrno, Doming, Dixon, Don-
nelly, Eekle.v, Ewlestou, Eliot, Farnsworth, Farqu-
har. Ferry, Garfield, Grinncll, Griswold, Ilalc.Abner
C. Harding, Ilart, Haves, lligby, Hill, Holmes,Hooper,
Ilotchkiss, Asahel W. Ilubbard, Chester D. Hubbard,
Denial TTubbard. John H. Ilubbard, James R. Hub-
bell, Hulburd. James Humphrey, Ingersoll, Jcnckes,
Kasson, Kclley, Kelso, Iveteham. Kuykendall, Laflm,
Latham, George V. Lawrence, William Lawrence,
Loan, Longvear, Lvneh, Marston, Marvin, McClurc,
Mclndoe. McICec. Mercur. Miller, Moorhead, Morrill,
Mollis, Moul;011, eis. Newell, O'Neill, Orth, Paine,
Patter-on, Pcrham, Phelps, Pike, Plants, Pomcroy,
Piice, William H. Randall, Raymond, Alexander 11.
Rice. John 1L llice, Holim-i, Sawyci, Sehcnck, Sco-
iield, Shelial'arger, Sloan, Smith, Spalding, Starr, Ste-
vens, Stillwell, Thavcr, Francis Thomas, John L.
Thomas Trowbridge, Upson, Van Aernain, Buvt Van
Horn, Robert T. Van Horn. Wnrd, "Warner, Elihu B.
Washburnc, William B. Washburn, Wclker, Went-
worth. Whalcy, Williams, James F. Wilson, Stephen
F. Wilson. Windom, and Woodbridge—103.
NOT VOTING—Messrs. Ancona, Baikcr, Culver,
Dumont, Womlorson, Johnson, Jones, Julian,
Noell, Sitgreavcs, and Strousc—12.
So the motion was disagreed to.
Mr. BIN GUAM moved to reconsider tho rote
by which the House refused to refer the subject
to the Committee of the Whole on the state of
the Union; and also moved that the motion to
reconsider be laid upon the table.
The latter motion was agreed to.
The question then recurred on the motion to
recommit the .joint resolution to the committee
on reconstruction without instructions.
The motion was agreed to.
Mr. CONKLING moved to reconsider the
vote by which the House agreed to the motion
to recommit; and also moved to lay the motion
to reconsider on the table.
Tho latter motion was agreed to.
Mr, BROMWELL. Mr. Speaker, I have an
