1572
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
March 22,
^nd laws of the particular State, and it would
be monstrous if it were otherwise. But what is
it to us? V.'hy shouid we interfere and tell
the people of New Jersey that they shall not
elect in any manner that their .Legislature
thinks proper to elect? I agree with my friend
from Maine, that the Legislature is selected
by the Constitution of the United States, but
being selected, the powers which it is to exer-
cise, the tiine when it is .to exert them, the
place where the election is to bo held, and the
manner in which the election is to be conducted,
all depend exclusively upon the constitution
and laws of the State.
Now, what is the fact? My friend from
Maine says, and I wonder that he did not see
that that bogged the whole question, that these
precedents have nothing to do with the ques-
tion, provided they are all against the law.
That is assuming the very thing in dispute.
All the members of the Committee on the Ju-
diciary, except my friend from New Hampshire,
thought that the election was properly held,
and tlicy relied upon the precedents ; and my
friend from Maine undertakes to avoid the
application of the precedents by saying that
the proposition is so plain against the prece-
dents, the precedents should have no weight,
it it be so plain, there is an end of the dispute;
but [ wonder that my friend from Maine had
not seen that the fact that precedent after pre-
cedent had been established, if they were es-
tablished, _ was evidence at least that in the
Qpinion of New Jersey the opinion which he
entertains now is not so plain.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I suppose the Senator
does not mean to misrepresent me.
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly not.
Mr. FESSENDEN. And yet the Senator
has informed us that he does iiot desire to be
interrupted.
Mr. JOHNSON. That depends upon whether
I am able to answer it. [ Laughter. 1
Mr. LESSEN DENr. I stated that those
precedents that were relied upon had nothing
to do with this ease, because the rules relied
upon as precedents were according' to the com-
mon law and parliamentary law.
Mr. JOHNSON. So I understood. But the
precedents go to show that in the opinion of
the. Legislature of New Jersey, when they were
meeting in joint convention, they could estab-
lish rules without the authority of the Legisla-
ture acting concurrently. Now, what have they *
dono / Ah hir back an I70i,Kew Joraey pre-
scribed the rules for the government of the
jomi meeting, and they adopted fifteen rules.
One was:
That the election of Stato officers during tlio pres-
ent session be tuna rocs"—
They had a right to do that, I suppose. At
least 1 have not heard that denied—
" unlaw wben otherwise ordered; and that all officers
cUti'ioii"' tk,mm<l at loilbt oac day before their
I suppose they had the authority to do that,
and yet there is no rule for it unless this rule
be law.
"2. Tbatthochairmanshall not, be entitled to vote
voto^' lU CaS0 tio' and th011 t0 tav«  wtins
Had they authority to do that? The other
rules do not so particularly relate to the ques-
tion H-ioie us. In isr.l the following addi-
tional rule was adopted :
" Itmolrrl, Thai no person shall be elected to any
office, at any insrdurinittUopresent tesiion
bf 11 "i-ijonty of all the members elected
pei&ynally present, and agroi'iug- thereto."
They had the authority to pass that, I pre-
sume. Why did Ihoy pass it ? Why was it ne-
cessary in 1801 by rule to provide that no per-
son should be elected to any office at any such
joint meeting unless he received a majority of
alt the voles ? Because in the absence of such
a rule, there might be another rule by which
he mignt, be elected without a majority: and
tor the purpose, therefore, of excluding the au-
thority to elect by loss than the majority, thev
? POS)l"-e that a majority
lSativ!Wi?UU'eth TheP°™ exerted was ;
legislative j subject te-which the power ad- I
dressed itself was a subject for the legislative
departmentof the Government; andif they had
therefore in the exercise of the power over that
subject the authority to provide that a majority
should be required, why, in the name of com-
mon sense, is it that they had not the authority
to say that less than a majority should be suffi-
cient? They went on under that rule, and in
1855, when the new constitution was adopted,
they reaffirmed the fifteen rules adopted as far
hack as 1794, but added the following:
"That all candidates for office, upon receiving a
majority of the votes cast by this joint meeting, shall
be'deelared duly elected."
The same observations that I made in rela-
tion to the rule established in 1S51 are appli-
cable to this. But let me read from the report
of the committee:
"The joint meeting of 1861 adopted the rules of the
preceding joint convention for its own government
among which wore the following."
They adopted the rules themselves at each
meeting:
"1. That the election of State officers during the
present session be viva voce, unless when otherwise
ordered.
"15. That in all questions thechairmanofthejoint
meeting be called upon to vote in his turn, as one of
the representatives in the Senate or Assembly, but
that ho have no casting vote as chairman."
Changing the original rule in that respect,
which gave him no authority to vote at all ex-
cept to throw a casting vote in the result of a tie.
16. That all candidates for office, upon receiving
a majority of the votes cast by this joint meeting,
shall bo declared duly elected."
They went on under these rules until 1865,
when Mr. Stockton was elected, and at the
first meeting in 18(J5, before a ballot was cast,
they adopted the rules of the preceding joint
meeting except the sixteenth, which required a
majority, in lieu of which the following was
adopted:
" Iletolved, That no candidate shall bo declared
elooted unless upon receiving a majority of votes of
all the members elected to both Houses of the iextis-
lature.'
Why was that, passed?
Mr. I'EsSENDEN. Will the Senator allow
mo to ask him a question risiht there?
Mr. JOHNSON. Certainly.
Mr. I'ESSENDEN. Suppose affer the adop-
tion of that rule, there was a quorum present,
that is, a majority of the whole convention
present, and a vote had been taken and a cer-
tain person had received a majority of all the
votes cast, the votes cast amounting to more
than a quorum?
Mr. JOHNSON. He would not have been
electcd under this rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I ask you, would ho not
have been elected?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, not under this rule.
Mr. FESSENDEN. But suppose he had
presented himself here with that state of facts?
Mr. JOHNSON. No, 1 should say not,
unquestionably.
Mr. FESSENDEN. There is no question
he would have been legally elected.
Mr. JOHNSON. That depends on the Le-
gislature. My honorable friend seems to be
rather usurping the function of the Legislature,
f he Legislature say he shall not be elected un-
less ho has a majority of all the votes of all the
members, and the case supposed by the honor-
able member is the ease of a man presenting
himself here and claiming to be elected although
he has not received a majority of all the votes
of all the members.
Mr. FESSENDEN. I am speaking of the
Legislature; but I ara supposing that after the
convention had adopted the rule the Senator
has read, a person had received a majority of
the votes of those present, being more than a
quorum, the Legislature having passed no rule
on the subject-
Mr. JOHNSON. I understand what you
mean very well. I think you are clearly in
error. _ But what I was about to say was this:
the original resolution wq,s "that all candi-
dates for office, upon receiving a majority of
the votes cast by this joint meeting, shall be
elected." The substitute rule wasthat no
candidate snail he declared elccted unless upon .
receiving a majority of the votes of all the
members elected to both Houses of the Legis-
lature." Nobody has questioned the validity
of that rule, as far as I know; nor did anybody
ever question the validity of the original rule
of 1801, as far as I am advised; nor did any-
body question the validity of the rule on the
same subject adopted either in 1794 or in 1351.
If the rules adopted at these several periods
were right and valid, why were they valid ?
Only because it was a subject over which the
joint meeting had jurisdiction. The posses-
sion of jurisdiction, and the manner of regu-
lating that jurisdiction, are entirely distinct
inquiries. Give the power to the joint meeting
to prescribe rules, andthenthe rules prescribed,
be they wise or be they unwise, are the laws
for that joint meeting, and they are laws for
the joint meeting only because of the other
proposition that it is a subject submitted to
the joint meeting by the very constitution of
the body.
But let me inquire for a moment whether the
ground upon which the Committee on the Ju-
diciary place the question more decidedly is
open to any serious objection. What is it?
z- i i"<; utaiu vu me  uuj«ci, a, juinc ui(jei-
lng oithetvo Houses of a Legislature, duly assem-
bled, and vested with authority to elect a United
btates Senator, uas a ri^ht to proscribe that a plural-
ity may elect, on the principle that the adoption of
such a rule by a majority vote in the first instance
makes the act, subsequently doiieiu pursuance of such,
majority vote, its own."
Is not the principle right as applicable to all
elections? What is the principle, to repeat it
in my own language? That where a body act-
ing collectively or acting concurrently is clothed
with the authority to .elect, and have the right,
therefore, to require that a majority of the whole
shall be necessary or a majority of both
branches shall be necessary, it is in their power
to say tiiat less than a majority of the whole
shall be sufficient whether acting collectively or
acting conjointly. I suppose nobody will doubt
that. Then,, as is concedcd by both my friends
who have spoken against the conclusion to
which the committee came, that it was compe-
tent for the Legislature of New Jersey bv a law
to provide that an election of a United'States
Senator should bo made by a plurality of votes,
why is it not competent for the Legislature
when meeting in convention to adopt the same
rule? My friends say no, for he who receives
less than the vote of a majority is not, within the
meaning of the Constitution, the choice of the
Legislature. _ That is begging the whole ques-
tion. Why is he not the choice of the Legisla-
ture? If the Legislature by law so provides,
the honorable members admit that a parly re-
ceiving only a plurality would be elected; and
why would he be elected in that case? Only
because such an election is within the very term
of the constitutional provision which says that
Senators shall be "chosen by the Legislatures
thereof.'' Now, in the ease supposed, acting
either concurrently or conjointly, they chose,
in the first place, in order to effect the object
submitted to them exclusively, to provide that
when they go into the election, he who receives
a plurality^shall be considered as elected; but
he is not in point of fact, as indicated by the
mere vote, chosen by a majority of the Legis-
lature. He is a majority candidate and a ma-
jority Senator; but in the sense of the Consti-
tution, is he not the majority candidate and the
majority Senator ? If he is, as he certainly is,
why is it?. Only because they have said, speak-
ing properly in their legislative capacity, that
he who is elected in that way is the choice of
the Legislature.
now, whatliasbeen done? Honorable
members seem to suppose that the difficulty is
to be found in the words of the Constitution
as they are found in the third section and in
j the fourth section of the first article. I'have
read the third section: now what savs the
fourth?
"The times, places, and manner of holding elec-
tions for Senators and Representatives shall be pre-
scribed h) jj£eb Stately the Legislature thereof, but
