1S6&.}
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GL0BE.
39th Cong.... 1st Sbs, Apportionment of Eepresentation—Mr. Williams.
Senate.
the Federal Government denied the right of
that State to secede, and the question before
the country and in the war wag not as to what
ha,d or had not been done, but as to the right-
fulness of the position assumed by South Caro-
lina and her confederates.
Numerous and forcible illustrations will oc-
cur to the mind of every Senator to prove the
fallacy of this argument to which I now refer.
Acts may be rightful or they may be wrongful.
Booth had no right to assassinate the President
of the United States, but he did it. 'England
had no right to allow privateers to be* fitted out
in her ports to prey upon our commerce, but
she did it. France had no right to thrust Max-
imilian into Mexico and support him there with
French bayonets, but she did it. Bussia-, Aus-
tria, and Prussia had no righf to trample down
and divide Poland, but they did it. And so I
say that these rebel States feasd no right to se-
cede, but they did it, wantonly, wickedly, wrong-
fully did it.
Suppose that a man wrongfully takes pos-
session of my house and i bring a suit-to eject
him, while the proceedings are pending in court
andfrom the time he entered until the writ of
restitution is served upon him, I ask if he is not
as much in possession of that house as though
he was rightfully there? Treason took posses-
sion of these rebel States, and from the time that
the ordinances of secession were set up and the
rebel governments were organized, the power
and authority of the United States were ex-
pelled, and by the absolute possession and con-
trol of rebel authority these States were prac-
tically seceded from the Union.
_ All the analogies of the law sustain this posi-
tion. If the Constitution be a compact^ assome
claim it to- be, then when the State of South
Carolina has wantonly and wickedly violated
that compact, can she claim under it the rights
and privileges which she would otherwise have
derived from it? Two men make a contract,
and one wantonly violates the contract, can he
claim the rights he otherwise could claim under
that contract? Suppose a legislative assembly
passes a law conferring certain rights and im-
posing certain duties and obligations upon an
individual, can he repudiate the duties arid
obligations and claim the rights-under the-law?
Could the State of South Carolina, trampling
the Constitution of the United:States under her
sacriligious feet and contemning and defying
the authority of the Federal Government, at the
same time vno flatu claim ail the advantages
and benefits which she ever enjoyed under that
Constitution as one of the States of this Union?
VI hen a forfeiture occurs rights are not
annihilated, but they are transferred from one
party to another; and I maintain that the rights
which these rebel States had under the Consti-
tution prior to the rebellion by that rebellion
became forfeited and passed into the hands of
the Federal Government, and in my judgment
they are to-day in the hands of the Congress of
the United States. Many elaborate speeches
have been made here to controvert this position,
and two to which I will particularly refer, one
made by the honorable Senator from Wisconsin
[Mr. Doolittle] and the other by the honorable
Senator from Maryland, [Mr. J'ohxsox,] have
been pronouced by those who concur in them
as wholly unanswerable. I do not presume that
I am able to answer those speeches, but I- am
certainly able to examine and I hope to do them
justice. It was argued by those gentlemen that
President Lincoln had said and done certain
things and that President Johnson had said and
done certain other things, and that the sayings
and doings of these two Presidents amounted
to a recognition of these States and proved that
they were States within the Union, entitled to
the rights and privileges of such States. An-
other argument was that Congress, by its legisla-
tion from time to time during the rebellion, had
recognized these States as within this Union ;
and therefore they were not only within this
Union, but were standing at our doors with a
perfect right as loyal States to be represented
here, and Congress had no other power or ju-
risdiction over the great question of reconstruc-
tion but to pass upon the personal qualifications
of tne men who may be seeking to represent
these States in the national Legislature.
I will pass over foT the present the argument
derived fromthe acts and sayings of the Pres-
idents. but will notice here the argument da-
rived from congressional legislation; and, with
due deference to those gentlemen who made the
argument, it seems to me that they omitted to
take a distinction at that point which must be
recognized in order to arrive at a correct, con-
clusion. The acts of legislation which they
cite were nothing but expressions of power on
thts part of the Federal Government over these
Sta;tes ; and that power was exerciscd and
could be exercised without any acknowledg-
ment on the part of Congress that these States
possessed- any rights a-s States of the Union.
No man has ever contended, so far as I know,
no matter how radical or extreme he may have
been, that these States were ever beyond the
jurisdiction of Congress, or that there ever was
a time since the rebellion when Congress bad
not ample power to make such laws for them
as in its judgment the circumstances of the
country required.
Reference was made to the apportionment
and the tax law. The apportionment law was
simply an exercise of power on the part of
Congress. It was intended for the future, and
it was made with a view that at no distant day,
and before another apportionment could be
made un-dfer a n-ew census, these States would
be restored to the Union, and then there would
be a law to operate and take effect within those
States. So with the tax law. Taxation was
levied upon these States as upon others. Con-
gress had power to levy taxes; and certainly
because these States were in rebellion, that
was no reason why they should be exempted
from the burdens tliat were imposed upon other
States. Congress during this rebellion was
legislating for these_ States, not in- the way of
levying taxes or making apportionments alone,
but Congress was exerting unlimited'power for
the destruction of the property and the lives of
persons within these States, in order to subdue
the rebellion. Any argument derived from the
exercise of power on the part of Congress over
the rebel States during the rebellion proves
nothing to the point, for the question is not as
to whether Congress had power or jurisdiction
over those States, but the question is as to the
rights -of the States. Power on the part of the
G-eneral Government is one thing ; right on the
part of the State is another and different thin^.
Federal power may exist and State rights be
destroyed; rights of the States may depend
upon the existence of Federal power for their
protection, but the exercise of Federal power
over a State in rebellion recognizes nothing but
the necessity which demands its exercise.
Authority was produced from the legislation
of Congress to show tlia-t Congress had main-
tained its right to legislate for these States, but
no precedent, no authority, was cited to show
that Congress had expressed any opinion, or, in
any way otherwise than by asserting its power,
recognized the rights of these States during or
since the rebellion. The argument derived from
the legislation referred to is certainly fallacious,
for if it proves anything it proves that the day
the apportionment or tax bill was passed the
rebel States had the right of representation in
Congress. If the enactmentof those laws proves
that those States have that right at this time it
proves that they have had that right ever since
the laws were enacted. But, sir. I propose to
refer to an authority to show what view the
Senate of the United States has taken of the
lights of these States. Bear in mind, now, that
all the authorities cited by Senators to whom I
have referred were as to the power of Congress,
but I desire to show a decision by the Senate as
to the rights of rebel States, and i refer for that
PwP°se to a proposition which was offered
by the honorable Senator from Missouri; [Mr.
Bsown] to be found on page 3449- of part four
of the Congressional Globe, for the first session
of the Thirty-Eighth Congress. i will first read
the bill, and then the vote of the Senate upon
it. Ihe bill of the Senator from. Missouri was1
in these words:
"That wlu-n tho inhabitants of any State have been
declared in a state of insurrection against the United
states by proclamation of the President, by force and
virtue of tbe.-v-t entitled ' An act further to provide
lor the collection of duties on imports, and- for other-
purposes ' approved July 13„1861, they shall be, and
are hereby, declared to be incapable of casting any
??*% f0.r e'eptOTS of President or V ice President of ttfe-
United fctates, or of electing Senators or Represents-
tives m Congress until said insurrection in said Stat®
is suppressed or abandoned and' said inhabitants
*Tu I'^wrnef to their obedience to the Government
ot tne United btates, nor until snch return to obe-
dienceshall be d-eclared by proclamation of the Presi-
dent, issued by virtue of an act of Congress, hereafter
to be passed, authorizing tho same/'
Here is a bill which declares that these rebel
States are incapable of choosing electors for
President or of choosing Senators and Repre-
sentatives in Congress until a given time. That
time is not when hostilities' have ceased, when
the rebel armies have been disbanded, but they
are to be incapable of exercising any of these
rights until the Congress of tile United States
has passed a law declaring the rebellion at an
end and authorizing the President to make proc-
lamation of that fact.
Mr. WADE. When was that offered?
Mr. WILLIAMS. July 1, 1864. I wish to
refer now to the vote upon that bill, which will-
be found on page 3461 of the same volume of
the' Globe. I will read the vote. The yeas and5
nays upon the passage of that bill in the Senate
were as follows:
" Teas—Messrs. Brown, Chandler, Conness, Doo-
little, Grimes, Hale, Hariaas, Harris, Henderson,
Johnson, Lane of Indiana. Lane of Kansas, Me-1
Dougall, Morgan, Pomeroy; Ramsey, Riddle, Sher-
man, Spraguc, Sumner, Ten Eyck, Trumbull, Van
YVmkle, Wade, Wilkinson, and Wilson—26.
"Nays—Messrs.Davis, Powell,and Saulsbury—3."
The honorable Senator from Wisconsin am*
the honorable Senator from Maryland have
made elaborate arguments in the Senate to
show that these States have always been in the"
Union and are entitled to the rights and privi-
leges of the States withitii the Union, and that
Gongress has no jurisdiction over the subject of
reconstruction except to pass upon the qualifi-
cations of the persons who propose to represent
those States. The record which I have just
exhibited to the Senate shows that these honor-
able Senators at that time were of opinion, and
so declared by their votes, thatthese States were
incapable of choosing electors for President or"
choosing Senators or BepreSentatives in Con-
gress, and that that right did not accrue to them
when hostilities had ceased, as is now claimed,
but when Congress should decide that the re-
bellion was at an end. Does not that bill
clearly assume that the control of this question
is in Congress. I humbly submit that so far as
the acts of Senators at ono time will answer
what they say at another, this record, this vote,
is a complete refutation of the arguments that
have been adduced by them to prove that these
States have all the time been in the Union, en-
titled to tho rights and privileges of States
within this Union.
This is one branch of the argument; another
is derived from the policy of President Lincoln
and of President Johnson. No man will go
furtherin paying respect to the memory of Abra-
ham Lincoln than I will. I admired him for
his greatness and his goodness, for he was great
as he was good. But I am not one of those
who give up my opinion because some man who
happens to hold a higher office than I do differs
from me. 1 do not believe anything to be true,
simpjy because some man, fifty or one hundred
years ago, or at any other antecedent time, said
it was true, wheu the blazing light of day around
me contradicts its truth and the trumpet-tongued
facts of experience are pouring their constant
refutation into my ears.
