1806.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE'.
m
additional amendment which I did propose to
offer to the committee on reconstruction.
Mr. CONICLING. I propose that the House
allow gentlemen to submit their various prop-
ositions to the committee.
The SPEAKEK. Is there objection to any
gentleman submitting resolutions to the Clerk
to-day to go to the committee on reconstruc-
tion? The Chair hears no objection. Gentle-
men can submit their propositions to the Clerk
to-day and they will go to the committee.
ALEXANDER W. Jl'CONNELL.
Mr. SPALDING, by unanimous consent, in-
troduced a bill for the relief of Alexander \V.
McConnell; which was read a first and second
time, and referred to the Committee of Claims.
DAMAGES IX REBEL STATES.
The SPEAKER announced as the next busi-
ness in order the consideration of the resolution
reported by Mr. Delano from the Committee of
Claims, on the 18th of January, Mr. Delano
being entitled to the floor.
ilr. DELANO. I call for the reading of the
resolution.
The Clerk read the resolution, as follows:
liaolved. That, until otherwise ordered, the Com-
mittee of Claims be instructed to rcject all claims re-
ferred to them for examination by citizens of any of
the States lately in lcbellion, growing out of the de-
struction or appropriation of, or damage to, property
by the Army or X avy while engaged m suppressing the
rebellion.
Mr, DELANO. The House have listened to
the reading of the resolution. "'It proposes a
plan of action for the committee in reference
to all claims for damages growing out of the
rebellion in the States lately in rebellion, in-
eluding not only damages that result from the
neccssary ravages of war, but also from appro-
priations of property by our Army and Navy for
subsistence and supplies. The committee are
very clearly of opinion that it would be disas-
trous to the interests of the Covernment to un-
dertake to pay the first class of damages that
I have alluded to, namely, damages growing
out of and resulting from the ravages of war.
The committee are also unanimously oi' opinion
that, no el aim rests upon the G overnment by the
former usage of the country or by the law of
nations for the payment of such damages.
I do not, deem it necessary, taking it for granted
that the House has listened to the reading of the
report of the committee, to go into an argument
to show that there is no responsibility resting
upon Congress to pay those damages that are
the result of the necessary ravages of war. I
know that a Government may assume to pay
those damages in the feeling of extreme justice,
or of even-handed justice, if it has the ability
to do it. But if gentlemen will look at the
magnitude of the ravages of the war—ravages
■which have been rendered necessary in order
to make the war a success—and will also con-
sider the enormous expense that this Govern-
ment has been put to, and the large accu-
mulation of debt incurred, they will see that
to heap upon the Government now the ad-
ditional liability resulting from the assumption
of those damages would be an act of injustice
to our constituents. It would result, 1 think,
in shaking the credit of the nation. It would
place ns in a condition of liability. I imagine,
vastly beyond our capacity of endurance.
These are simply statements, not arguments
in deta'l, and I trust they are such statements
as will be appreciated by the House without
attempting to enforce them by details. ^ I rely
upon common knowledge of the facts in con-
nection with the putting down of the rebellion to
sustain me and to sustain the committee in its
conclusion ; so that I do not propose to detain
the House by pressing this view of the subject
upon their consideration. It could be elabo-
rated, but it must certainly be an act of super-
erogation to attempt its elaboration before this
House.
Now. in regard to the nextpriuciple embraced
in this resolution, which excludes fium payment
damages resulting from the appropriation of
property by our Army for subsistence and for
support, the committee are very well aware that
this question stands upon a different basis. For
I think I might admit with safety, that, according
to the usage of nations and the law of nations and
the previous practice of this Government, the
Government should assume to pay in ordinary
cases for damages that have resulted from th«
taking, appropriation,-and use ofproperty for the
subsistence of the Army. But the committee
have considered this matter and desire the House
to consider it in the passage of this resolution.
This class of damages is also very large. It will
be found to be much larger than gentlemen
would bo likely to apprehend upon first direct-
ing their attention to it. The long occupation
of the States in rebellion by our armies, and
the necessity of subsisting those armies oil' the
country—a necessity forced upon the Govern-
ment—occasioned the appropriation of an im-
mense amount ofproperty.
Now, sir, the largest portion of this property
belonged to men whose hands were red with
the blood of our citizens, and who were desir-
ous of overthrowing our Government. No-
bod}', I apprehend, will entertain the idea for
a single moment of paying that class of men.
Those men whose purposes were treason, whoso
design was the death of the nation, are entitled
to no consideration that should lead us to in-
demnify them for their losses. It was neces-
sary to cause these losses. They fought this
rebellion with such vigor and persistence that
it became necessary for us to destroy their
means in order to put down their power. Wo.
did so; and in doing so we were compelled not
only to lay our hands upon the guilty, but upon
many occasions to lay them upon the innocent,
in the appropriation of this class of property.
Now, if it were a practicable thing to draw a
line of discrimination between the guilty and
the innocent, and the Government were able to
pay, I would feel if my duty to vote for the pay-
ment of this class of damages when the claim-
ants are loyal citizens.
I beg leave, however, to suggest to the House
the utter impracticability of drawing this line
of discrimination. I know enough, and I speak
for the committee in this particular, to know that
it would be an impracticable effort for us to en-
deavor to determine which were loyal and which
disloyal. 1 will give the House an illustra-
tion of the difficulty. A claim, upon which
I am prepared to report adversely, amounting
to some six or eight thousand dollars, was pre-
sented to us by a loyal man with apparently
absolute evidence of his loyalty. Upon that
claim two favorable reports have been made to
the House by the Committee of Claims. 1
find that it consists of some Mxty items of prop-
erty that vicn* taken during the administration
of General Buell at the South. There are sixty
ilems from sixty individuals, and when we came
to sciutinize the claims not a particle of evi-
dence was offered to us of the loyalty of any
one of the sixty persons interested in the claim.
The presenter of it came with clean hands ap-
parently, but ho had, perhaps for the purpose
of speculation, bought up or made some ar-
rangement by which he was to represent these
claims, and upon these claims he has twice ob-
tained a favorable report from a committee of
this House.
But that is not. all. If we go into an inquiry
as to the loyalty of these individuals, my word
for it every one of them will give us some evi-
dence of lojalty. You will find that they will
be able to procure ex parte affidavits or evidence
of some sort apparently sufficient for the estab-
lishment of their loyalty. These and like con-
siderations have brought the committee to the
conclusion—and that conclusion wa« unani-
mous—that an effort to discriminate between
the loyal and the disloyal would be an imprac-
ticability, and that the result of it would be to
bring the House to the payment of all this class
of claims: and if that burden is heaped upon the
camel's back, I fear that we may have occasion
to say that like the last feather it may break it.
The gentleman from Kentucky [Mr. Smith]
asks me if the resolution excludes all claims
that may come up individually on their own
merits. ' The resolution'excludes all claims !!
from citizens of disloyal States either for prop-
erty that has been destroyed by the ravages of
war, or for property taken and appropriated for
the use of the Army.
Mr. CONKLING-. I desire to ask the gen-
tleman from Ohio a question. I wish to say
that I listened with very great pleasure to the
reading of the report made by the gentleman
some days ago, and, having once examined this
question, I agree with him, as I understand JjsjtS
report, and I feel for one under great obliga-
tion to him. " I desire to ask him what is the
difference, not as a matter of clemency and dis-
cretion, but as a matter of law, between a claim
present ed by a disloyal person and one presented
by a loyal man, if both men were citizens of
the country occupied and held by the enemy?
I ask the question in the light of the decision
of the court in the prize eases.
Mr. DELANO. The gentleman asks me a
question which it may be very difficult to an-
swer. As a matter of law, I am frank to say
to the gentleman that I am not furnished with
any authorities that would enable me to draw
a distinction.
There may be cases upon this point. But if
there are I frankly say to the House that my
industry has not brought them under my obser-
vation. And if lie or any other gentleman
knows of any such case I .would be obliged to
him to inform me. All the time I have been
speaking in reference to this distinction between
the claims of lo}'al and disloyal persons I have
been speaking in reference to equity and not in
reference to law, and I desire the House so to
understand me. I have been considering the
question in the light of benevolence and equity,
rather than in the light of law and strict justice.
I think the suggestion of the gentleman from
New York [Mr. Conklijtg] exceedingly perti-
nent, because it presents to those tvho see fit
to take that view of the subject another reason
for rejecting these claims.
I will add further upon this point that it once
occurred to me, while I had this report under
consideration and preparation, that those who
were brought into the rebellion by the sovereign
power of their States—for I acknowledge the
sovereignty of States to a limited extent—those
who were carried into the rebellion by the sover-
eign action of their States, so far as they could
act, thus being in a certain sense enemies, to
whom for some purposes belligerent rights were
accorded, must necessarily, upon principles of
law, stand upon the same platform with those
who canscd the rebellion.
Mr. SMITH. Appreciating as I do the re-
marks of the gentleman from Ohio. [Mr. De-
lano,] and concurring with him to a great extent
in the suggestions he has offered, I wish to ask
a question of him which will somewhat rebut the
question of the gentleman from New York,
[Mr. Coxklixg,] and T ask the gentleman from
Ohio to allow me to make this statement in ad-
vance of my question. The citizen owes alle-
giance to the Government and the Government
owes simple protection to the citizen. Now the
State of Tennessee has been regarded as a re-
bellious State. But in that State there have
been thirty thousand loyal men who have given
their services to the Government of the United
States. If, in the progress of the war, the Gov-
ernment lias been unable to give full protection
to those thirty thousand people in Tennessee,
and their property has been destroyed by the
march and progress of the armies defending
the Government, and if it is the duty of the
Governmentto protcctthose men in their rights
ofproperty, is it not the duty of the Government
to refund whatever has been lost in consequence
of the movements of the armies? Or are they
to be considered as public enemies, because
their State has beeu considered in rebellion?
Mr. DELANO. l>y no means. I was not
putting the question upt/ti the ground that all
those who had necessarily suffered were public
enemies. But I will ask the gentleman from
Kentucky [Mr. Smith] upon what principle of
law even the loyal men of Tennessee—and i
take the case as strong as he has put it can
sav to the General Government that it must pay
