2534
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
May 10,
to break up the Government, they would then
have appealed to arms, and been beaten, in
the providence of God, as now. Men in every
crisis of our history have predicted the failure
of our Government, but it has stood every
storm thus far, and will last, I trust, till time
is no more. There is less ehanee of difficulty
from this cause than ever before.
It is said again, on the other hand, that there
has been no successful example of this plan of
organization of Government. Mr. Speaker,
America presents new illustrations of history
and of government. But we are not left en-
tirely without light. It will be so to the end.
She is the pioneer of Christian nations. If we
were without a guide, it would not be unwise
for us to say that the powers of the Govern-
ment should be intrusted to its friends and not
to its enemies. In a dark night, on a stormy
sea, the humblest man on ship-board would
know enough to advise that the helm should be
put in the hands of a man who wanted to save
the ship, and not in his whose purpose was to
destroy it. We are not left without guidance.
Switzerland, the wisest Government on the face
of the earth, one that has encountered greater
difficulties with a higher degree of success than
any other, has given us a lesson which we ought
not to disregard.
In 1848 she suffered from rebellion not dis-
similar to ours. She met it as we did. The
insurgents were conquered. The revolt was
suppressed. She organized governments in
the cantons, as Mr. Lincoln undertook to or-
ganize governments here. The friends of her
Government, soldiers and civilians, marched
into the insurgent cantons, outlawed those en-
gaged in the rebellion, and they organized gov-
ernments on such principles as were consistent
with the safety of the governments. They pro-
ceeded from canton to canton until'all were
restored. Power was maintained in the hands
of its friends. The disloyal inhabitants of the
disloyal cantons were deprived of the rights
they had forfeited by crime. As the result of
that policy, Switzerland to-day is as sound and
safe a Government as there is on the continent
of Europe. In a little time she readmitted her
recusant sons-to their former privileges, and
they now, through her liberality, enjoy, with-
out endangering her institutions, the same
rights which they enjoyed before the war.
What wiser course could they have followed?
What better example for us? If we need coun-
sel, to what people can we turn with greater
profit than to heroic Switzerland, that for cen-
turies has nurtured republican principles in
their purity and in triumph against the des-
potisms of Europe?
[Here the hammer fell.]
Mr. ECKLEY. Mr. Speaker, any question
affecting the fundamental law of the land de-
mands careful and mature deliberation ; and it
is only when the necessity is great that such
changes can be justified. That necessity is
upon us, and_ we cannot, in view of the past
and our duty to the present and the future,
postpone it.
My colleague [Mr. Fixck] has signaled the
alarm at the proposition. Those of us who
were members of the last Congress heard the
same cry while the amendment was under con-
sideration abolishing slavery, but we heeded
J* not. The amendment was adopted and rat-
ltied, and every person now rejoices, except a
small faction known as copperheads, and they
lament it only because of the loss of political
capital.
Ih^ old ship has outrode worse storms than
he and Ins colleagues can invoke from the
people of the South, and she will outride
this; and we shall, I hope, all live to see the
day when this proposition shall become a part
of the Constitution, with the same acquies-
cence of its predecessor, that, like this one
was born amid the storms of southern rebels
and northern copperheads.
_ The revolution in our affairs, caused by the
gigantic struggle through which we have passed,
renders such a change absolutely necessary.
Congress is the only organized power that can
make it; and we should be craven in spirit if
we shrunk from the responsibility. It is claimed
that this presents questions entirely now in
Amprican politics. I do not think so. If we
but follow the wise examples left us by our
fathers we shall find in the footprints of the
past a precedent for our action that will pro-
duce wise and salutary results.
I listened with pleasure to my honorable col-
league'as he described the terrific struggle
through which the nation had passed; a strug-
gle caused by these same rebels for whom he
now pours out his sympathy; and I was really
sorry that he stood so badly on the record
during the time of that unnatural and wicked
conflict. I was sorry that he and I did not
stand side by side in resisting the attempts of
these rebels on the nation's life, as we stood
in former days when the Whig party was on
earth, resisting the encroachments and demands
of this same party. But, alas! how fickle is
poor human nature at best. With what pleas-
ure would I recur to the Journals of the Thirty-
Eighth Congress if I could find the name of
my colleague recorded in favor of any of the
measures necessary to levy men, raise money,
provide means, or even to punish a guerrilla
for shooting down a soldier or a citizen. But
with what sadness must I turn over that silent
scroll to find the name of my honorable col-
league, upon every measure necessary to sus-
tain the Government and resist the rebellion,
just where I should have found the name of
Jefferson Davis, General Lee, Jacob Thomp-
son, or any other of the rebel leaders, had they
been placed as members upon the rolls of this
House.
Mr. FINCK. I dislike to interrupt my col-
league ; but I desire to state what he ought to
know very well, that during the Thirty-Eighth
Congress I voted for every bill making appro-
priations to pay our men in the field.
Mr. ECKLEY. I desire my colleague to
state whether he voted for the proposition to
punish guerrillas.
Mr. FINCK. I will explain that.
Mr. ECIvLEY. I trust the gentleman will
not take too much of my time. I would like
him to answer "yes'' or uno."
Mr. FINCK. I will siate the facts. There
was upon the statute-book a law to punish
guerrillas. The bill to which my friend refers
was to amend that law and to take away from
the President the power to revise the findings
of the military courts. I voted "against that
bill; but I was in favor of punishing guerrillas.
Mr. ECKLEY. That is sufficient. The gen-
tleman voted against the bill.
Sir, we must all bow to the decrees of fate,
and I must grieve the loss of an early political
associate; but with what indignation must I
regard that party by whose winning smiles and
lascivious caresses he has been seduced from
the paths of virtue. What cup contains bitter-
ness enough to pour upon their heads? What
judgment is severe enough to be pronounced
against them? Why, sir, in my State they would
be prosecuted, under an act entitled ''An act
for the support and maintenance of illegitimate
children."
I agree with my honorable-colleague, that we
have passed through a fearful ordeal; that we
have made untold sacrifices, and that our flag
in_ triumph floats over every inch of territory.
I join with him in complimenting the gallant
men by whose valor the nation was saved, and
to whom we are indebted for victory and the
peace we enjoy. To the God of battles and the
God of peace do we make our acknowledg-
ments and return our thanks. To our gallant
Army in the field, to the Union party that sus-
tained it there, will the present and future gen-
erations accord as the human agencies that
saved^ the country from destruction against the
combined attack of organized, armed rebels
and organized, unarmed copperheads, each in
their place in the role performing their part in
the plan for the nation's overthrow. Buttomy I
colleague and the copperhead party no credit J
is due. They may exhibit their fantastic tricks
and play their political games for a little while,
but their days are numbered, and the faithful
chronicler of these sad events should consign
them to the grave of oblivion,
"Unwept, unhonorcd, and unsung."
Peace, we are told, reigns throughout our
borders. I wish I could believe that. But
admitting its truth, are we not bound by every
consideration to secure to the people, as well
South as North, such safe grounds as will for-
ever prevent its being broken? But what
securities shall we demand; and in what man-
ner shall they be obtained? By following the
precedents of our past history will we find the
path of safety.
Two instances of treasonable plots and con-
spiracies stain our former history. The one,
an armed conspiracy to resist the execution of
the laws, was organized in the State of Penn-
sylvania, known as the whisky insurrection.
That, like the late rebellion, (though small in
comparison,) organized its misguided follow-
ers, set the law at defiance, plundered the
public mails, and murdered the officers of the
law. The Government suppressed it by the
power of arms, seized the insurgents, insti-
tuted prosecutions against them; but the leader
and great instigator in this outrage upon the
laws escaped the country and took shelter in
foreign lands, thus evading justice and saving
his life. His deluded followers were saved by
executive clemency. Had Bradford, the in-
stigator, been arrested he would certainly have
suffered the fate of a traitor. So cautious was
the Pennsylvania Assembly at its next meet-
ing that it carefully scrutinized the claims of
all members returned from the insurrectionary
district, with a view of cleansing itself from all
stains of treason by excluding all participators
in the insurrection. Not even the talented and
distinguished Gallatin could obtain a seat until
he disproved the charge of his having been
identified with this hostility to the execution
of the laws.
The second occurred some years afterward,
and was claimedHo have covered a wider field.
A prominent Democrat of the State of New
York, who had been elevated to the second
office in the gift of the people, was charged
with having set, on foot an armed expedition
for the purpose of dismembering the Union.
Burr crossed the mountains to the Ohio river,
fitted out his flotilla of boats, and floated down
the Mississippi. The key-note of alarm was
sounded, the President issued his proclama-
tion,'the officers of justice were quick upon his
track; he was arrested, indicted, and tried.
The trial, the most important of any in this
country, was conducted on both sides with
almost superhuman ability. Nothing on either
side was left undone. It is the only case in the
history of the Government in which the Presi-
dent left his seat to personally superintend the
trial. For want of evidence, under the ruling
of that profound jurist and pure patriot, Chief
Justice Afarshall, Burr was acquitted, and with
his acquittal fell all the indictments against
those charged as accessory only in his guilt.
No one ever doubted that if Burr had been
legally convicted he would have made atone-
ment to an outraged country with his life.
What Burr's real design was remains a mys-
tery; and many innocent persons were doubt-
less implicated with him ; some, perhaps, not
so innocent. His expedition was fitted out, in
part, in my own State; and among those in-
duced to join him was John Smith, then a
Senator in Congress from the State of Ohio.
Smith was never tried by a civil tribunal, but,
for his participation in the so-called conspiracy,
was expelled from the Senate.
From these two incidents in history I deduce
two things: first, the determination on the part
of the Government to vindicate its authority
and dignity by inflicting punishment upon such
as have violated the law; and second, to expel
from its councils such as have participated in
treasonable designs. From these we learn".the
