94
APPENDIX TO THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
[February 15,
Senate.
Apportionment of Representation—Mr. Williams.
39th Cong.... 1st Sess.
President Lincoln changed his opinion while
he was President of the United States. Once
he said that to issue an emancipation procla-
mation would be like issuing a bull against the
comet; but when the subsequent developments
of the war satisfied him that it was a neces-
sity, he then issued that memorable proclama-
tion which has made his name conspicuous in
the history of human freedom and given him a
high rank in the company of the immortals. I
do not admit that President Lincoln's policy
proves that the position which I occupy is in-
correct ; but on the contrary I maintain that
there is no man, I care not how great his inge-
nuity may be, who can reconcile the policy of
President Lincoln with a recognition of these
States as entitled to all the rights and privileges
of States within this Union. When he made his
proclamation authorizing one tenth of the voters
of a State to hold a convention and organize a
State government, did he not in that proclama-
tion ignore the existence of any prior State or-
ganization and even the right of a rebel State
to govern itself at that time orto be represented
in the Congress of the United States? Suppose
that President Lincoln had issued a proclama-
tion to the State of New York providing that
one tenth of the loyal voters of that State might
hold a convention and reorganize a State gov-
ernment, would notthatproclamation have been
regarded as the freak of an insane man? It
seems to me that if we avoid the play upon
words as to whether these States are in or out
of the Union, no one can fail to conclude that
President Lincoln was of the opinion, judging
from the acts of his Administration, that these
States, whatever their precise legal status might
be, had forfeited their rights as States within
this Union.
President Johnson is said to follow in the
footsteps of his illustrious predecessor on this
question. President Johnson says, I acknowl-
edge that these States are in the Union, and I
do not controvert that position; but I say, and
defy contradiction, that President Johnson,
from the beginning of his Administration to this
very day, has recognized these States as having
forfeited, or in some way lost, the rights and
privilegesof States within this Union. When he
appointed provisional governors for the rebel
States he recognized the want of any govern-
ment there. He assumed that there was no
government in those States; that those States
were, to use the language of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts, a clean slate on
which he could commence the organization of
new governments. Could President Johnson
have appointed a provisional governor for the
State of New York? Who will contend that he
could? If not, why not? New York is a State
within this Union, entitled to the rights and
privileges of a State; but South Carolina, though
she may be within the jurisdiction, of the Fed-
eral Government, and so in the Union, is not
entitled to the rights and privileges of the loyal
State of New York.
President Johnson not only appointed pro-
visional governors, but authorized conventions
to form constitutions; declared what persons
should vote at elections, what should be the
qualifications of electors, what the constitutions
when formed should contain ; and so, from be-
ginning to end, the only law in the reorganiza-
tion of these States has been the will of the
President. I am not complaining of what he
has done, but I say that he has assumed from
the beginning that these States were without the
rights and privileges of States within the Union;
that they were disorganized masses of people;
and that everything, from the foundation up,
was to be de novo a new dispensation, to be
substituted for the old that existed prior to or
during the lime of the rebellion.
I think, therefore, that the argument which
is derived from the acts of President Lincoln
and of President Johnson does not prove what
those Senators claim. They prove, iftbey prove
anything at all, that these States as States be-
came fundi officio, and have not yet become
able to resume their rights and privileges as
States within the Union. I wish it distinctly
understood that I do not refer to these acts to
censure or condemn them, although I confess
that I have some misgivings as to the power of
the President to organize civil governments as
Commander-in-Chief of the Army. I refer to
these acts to show that they do not prove what
those who use them claim that they do; but, on
the contrary, they prove that these States, what-
ever may bo said aboutthcir being in the Union,
have not been regarded as entitled to the rights
and privileges of other States. Assuming that
Congress is equal in power to the Executive, I
argue that Congress may do all that the Presi-
dent has done as to these rebel States. I mean
to insist that the acts of the Executive have not
excluded the jurisdiction of Congress over this
question, and that Congress is not estopped by
any proclamation or any telegraphic dispatch
from the President, or anything done in pursu-
ance thereof, from exercising its power and
control over this great question of reconstruc-
tion. I insist that Congress is not reduced to
the poor and pitiful position of meeting the
Representatives of these rebel States at the door
of the Capitol with no power butto respectfully
inquire if they possess the personal qualifica-
tionsfor a seat m the Senate or in the Houseof
Representatives.
Mr. President, much denunciation has been
heaped upon Congress for hesitating about the
immediate recognition of the rebel States, and
I must say that in my opinion there is too much
impatience everywhere upon that subject. Time
has a work to do in this business which cannot
be wrought out by other means. Time has an
office to perform which no human expedient
or device can perform in its place. Time will
cicatrize the wounds that the war has made.
Time will assuage the anguish of the broken-
hearted and the bereaved. Time will soften
the asperities and passions that have grown out
of the late fearful conflict. Give time a chance
to do its work. Give ns time. I confess that
in this matter I do need time—time to look at
and consider and determine as to the wisdom,
the expediency, or the justice of any proposed
policy.
Let it be borne in mind, Mr. President, that
in this business of reconstruction we are not
engaged upon any temporary arrangement.
This is not the expedient of a day. This work
which we now perform is to endure. It is to
bless or to curse the country for all coming
time ; and while we discuss the proclamations
of Presidents and devise ways and means to
meet the present emergency, coming genera-
tions beckon to us with their shadowy hands to
look at and think of them.
Sir, is it surprising that these States have not
resumed their former position in less than one
year from the time they were engaged in efforts
to demolish and destroy this Government?
After thelast British flag went down in the Revo-
lution, notwithstanding our fathers were bound
together by every tie that could bind men who
were fighting in a common and a holy cause,
more than seven years expired before the for-
mation of this Union was completed. But now
great impatience is displayed and many harsh
epithets are hurled at Congress bccause within
less than one year from the time these men were
struggling through fields of carnage to put an
end to the existence of this nation; because be-
fore the smoke of the battle has cleared away,
and while their hands are yet red with the warm
blood of our defenders, they are not sitting in
these high seats of power and controlling the
destinies of a Government which they hate and
have tried to destroy. When we consider that
it took these conspirators more than thirty
years to concoct this infernal rebellion, and that
they were for four years fighting with the des-
peration of madmen to accomplish their fiend-
ish work, is it to be marveled at that six months
or a year or more should pass by before these
identical men are taken into the national bosom,
lacerated and torn by their blows, and recog-
nized as equals in a political brotherhood?
I have spoken, Mr. President, of the neces-
sity of time in this business of reconstruction :
that it is not desirable or safe to make too mucli
haste, but that it is due to the magnitude of the
subject that_ we should proceed with delibera-
tion. Caution is the parent of safety, and in
doing what we may not be able to undo if
wrong it is necessary to be extremely cautious.
It is more than an error to err now. To be
careless or reckless at this time is to be crimi-
nal.
I desire here to apply what I have said as to
the necessity of time to a proposition that has
been introduced by the honorable Senator from
Massachusetts as a substitute for the resolution
to amend the Constitution reported by the com-
mittee on reconstruction.
Sir, I listened with profound admiration to
the speech which the Senator delivered in favor
of the proposed substitute. It was worthy of
the subject, worthy of the occasion, worthy of
the author, and when those who heard it shall
be forgotten, the echoes of its lofty and majes-
tic periods will linger and l-epeat themselves
among the corridors of history. I cordially in-
dorse the prevailing sentiment of that speech.
I believe that the founders of this Republic
intended that all freemen should participate in
the political and civil rights of the country. I
think the distinction which they made was not
between white men and black men—that dis-
tinction is of modern origin; but the distinction
which they made was between freemen and
slaves.
But, sir, is the proposition of the honorable
Senator from Massachusetts practicable at this
time ? I do not give it as my opinion, but it
is an incontrovertible fact that a very large
majority of the people of the United States
deny the constitutional power of Congress to
enact such a law. Pass that law at this session,
and it becomes an issue in the next political
campaign, and those who sustain it and pass it
here will be committed to its support, and those
who oppose it will strive to elect men in favor
of its repeal. A majority of this Congress may
believe in the constitutionality and expediency
of such legislation, but another Congress, if a
majority should happen to sympathize with the
honorable Senator from Kentucky, would abro-
gate the law, and so the political rights of mil-
lions of people would be as varying as the capri-
cious fortunes of the political parties of the
country.
Adopt that proposition, and it will follow as
a matter of course that the doors of Congress
will be thrown open at once to the Represent-
atives of the rebel States, and is there any
reason to suppose that the rebel element which
is now predominant in those States would not
control that vote, so as to make its entire rep-
resentation in Congress a representation possi-
bly antagonistical to the peace and the perpe-
tuity of this Union ? I say frankly that I conceive
it to be of more consequence, not only to the
future interests, but to the life of this nation,
that the rebel States should have a limited rep-
resentation in Congress until the great ques-
tions growing out of the late war are adjusted,
or in a sure process of adjustment, than that the
negroes anywheie should immediately vote.
Sir, although there is question about it, it
seems to me there can be little doubt that at
this particular time the negroes of the rebel
States are unfit to exercise the elective franchise.
I have recently conversed with two officers of
the Federal Army from Texas, who told me
that there, in the interior and agricultural por-
tions of that State, the negroes do not yet know
that they are free; and one of the officers told
me that he personally communicated to several
negroes for the first time the fact of their free-
dom. Emancipation may be known in the
towns and cities throughout the South, but the
probabilities are that in the agricultural por-
