8494
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
June 29,
equipments of officers lost by accident beyond the
control of the owners, resulting from the manage-
ment of railroad transportation while in the service
of the Unitod States.
Mr. ROLLINS. I niust object to that reso-
lution, unless the gentleman will so modify it
as to make it one of inquiry, directing the
committee to inquire into the expediency, &c.
Mr. LATHAM. I will modify it in that way.
No objection being made, the resolution, as"
modified, was agreed to.
TARIFF BILL.
Mr. MORRILL. I now move the rules be
suspended and the House resolve itself into
Committee of the Whole on the state of the
Union.
The motion was agreed to.
So the rules were suspended; and the House
accordingly resolved itself into the Cormnittee
of the Whole on the state of the Union, (Mr.
ScoriBLD in the chair,) and resumed the con-
sideration of the special order, being bill of
the House No. 718, to provide increased rev-
enue from imports, and for other purposes.
The Clerk resumed the readingof the bill
by paragraphs for amendment, commencing as
follows:
Sec. 2. And be it further enacted, That in lieu of the
duties heretofore imposed by law on the articles here-
inafter mentioned, and on such as may now be ex-
empt from duty, there shall be levied, collected, and
paid on the goods, wares, and merchandise herein
enumerated and provided for, imported from foreign
countries, the following duties and rates of duty, that
is to say: on woolen cloths, woolen shawls, and all
manufactures of wool, ot' every description, made
wholly or in part of wool, not herein otherwise pro-
vided for, fifty cents per pound, and, in addition
thereto, thirty-five per cent. ad valorem.
No amendment being offered,
The Clerk read as follows i
On flannels, blankets, endless belts or felts for pa-
cer or printing machines, hats of wool, knit goods,
Balmorals, woolen andworsted yarns, and all manu-
factures of every description, composed wholly or in
part of worsted, the hair of the alpaca, goat, or other
liko animals, except such as aro composed in part
of wool, not otherwiso provided for, valued at not
exceeding forty cents per pound, twenty cents per
pound: valued at above forty ccnts per pound and
hot exceeding sixty cents per pound, thirty ccnts per
pound; valued at above sixty cents per pound and
not exceeding eighty cents per pound, forty cents per
pound; valued at above eighty cents per pound, fifty
cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, upon all
the above-named articles, thirty-five per cent, ad
valorem.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. I move to
amend this paragraph by striking out the words
"endless belts or folts for paper or printing
machines." That will leave this article sub-
ject to the duty which it now bears, of thirty-
five per cent. This article is manufactured to
only a very limited extent in this country. I
think there is but one establishment that man-
ufactures it; and 1 am not certain that that
establishment manufactures endless belts. 1
think it will meet the public exigencies quite
as much to strike this out as to leave it in.
And there is another consideration which
should lead to the adoption of my amendment.
There will be endless trouble in collecting the
duties under this paragraph if it is allowed to
pass as it now stands. These articles in great
variety are imported in the same bale. And if
this section is passed as it now stands, it will
necessitate the opening and examination of each
bale at the custom-house, in order to determine
the duty to be paid upon each variety of this
article contained in the same bale.
The question was taken ; and upon a division
there were—ayes forty-seven, noes notcounted.
So the amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows
On bunting twenty cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. LE BLOND. I move to strike out this
paragraph. Gentlemen will remember that this
article is not manufactured in this country; I
believe it is all imported.
Mr. MAUSTON. It is manufactured in this
country now.
Mr. LE BLOND. I am aware there is one
establishment in this country, of which General
Butler is the foundation. That is the only
bunting establishment in the United States of
"which I have any knowledge.
Mr. BOUTWELL. I think the gentleman
from Ohio [Mr. Le Blond] is in error. I do
not know about the establishment in which he
says General Butler is interested. But there
are other bunting establishments in which Gen-
eral Butler is not interested.
Mr. LE BLOND. I have no knowledge of
them. I know there is one which has been started
since the late war commenced, in which General
Butler is the foundation. And if it be the case
that we have but one establishment in which
bunting is manufactured, I think this article
should not have any duty placed upon it.
Mr. MORRILL. The manufacture of bunt-
ing is a very difficult manufacture, and one
which has never yet been successfully carried
on in this country. During the late war we
passed, in an appropriation bill, I believe, a
provision directing the Secretary of War and
the Secretary of the Navy to purchase Ameri-
can bunting, provided it could be purchased at
a price not exceeding the market value of im-
ported bunting. Under these circumstances
some establishments have attempted its man-
ufacture. It is found, however, that these
establishments will be compelled to abandon
its manufacture on a simple ad valo>tm duty.
We propose to place a specific duty on all
other woolen goods. If there is any article
upon which we ought to place such a duty as
will enable the American people to manufac-
ture it, it is that kind of cloth that -bears the
stars and stripes. I trust that wo will at least
be no longer disgraced and degraded in the
eyes of the world by flying at our mast-heads
bunting made by foreigners. And if General
Butter is at the bottom of this manufacture, it
is a recommendation of it. .
The amendment of Mr. Le Blond was not
agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On women's and children's dress goods and real or
imitation Italian cloths, composed wholly or in part
of wool, worsted, the hair of the alpaca, goat, or other
liko animals, valued at not exceeding twenty-five
ccnts the square yard, six cents persquare yard, and,
in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem ; valued at above twenty-five cents the square
yard, eight cents per square yard, and, in addition
thereto, forty per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That
on a.ll goodsweiging four ounces and over per square
yard, the duty shall be fifty cents per pound, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend this par-
agraph by striking out the words "twenty-five"
where they occur, in two places, and to insert in
lieu thereof the word "twenty." I will say in
explanation of that amendment that the Com-
mittee of Ways and Means examined the rates
reported by the wool manufacturers and the
wool-growers of the country, and revised with
some severity the bill reported by those parties,
cutting down the duties in several instances.
Upon a reinvestigation of the subject we find
that we have done injustice in relation to the
goods embraced iu this paragraph. They are
dress goods and are made at very inconsidera-
ble prices abroad.
The amendment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows:
On clothing ready made, and wearing apparel of
every description, and Balmoral skirts and skirting,
and goods of similar description, or used for like pur-
poses, composed wholly or in part of wool, worsted,
the hair of the alpaca, goat, or other like animals,
made up or manufactured wholly or in part by the
tailor, seamstress, or manufacturer, except kuitgoods,
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, forty
per cent, ad valorem.
Mr. MORRILL. I move to amend by in-
serting at the end of the paragraph just read
the following:
On webbings, beltings, bindings, braids, galloons,
fringes, gimps, cords, cords and tassels, dress trim-
mings, head nets, buttons, or barrel buttons, or but-
tons of other forms for tassels or ornaments, wrought
by hand or braided by machinery, made of wool,
worsted, or mohair, or of which wool, worsted, or jmo-
hair is the component material, unmixed with silk,
fifty cents per pound, and, in addition thereto, fifty
per cent, ad valorem.
The articles named in this amendment .are
small articles made for dress trimmings. They
are of difficult manufacture. There are in dif-
ferent parts of the country several establish-
ments which manufacture these articles, espe-
cially one in Cincinnati, which ought to be sus-
tained. The duties proposed in the amendment
are no higher than those recommended on silks
and goods of a similar class.
Mr. KELLEY- I desire to ask the chair-
man of the Committee of Ways and Means
whether it would not be better to insert this in
the paragraph beginning at line eighty-two, on
page 12. ■ •
Mr. MORRILL. No, sir; I prefer to have
it inserted here. " , .
The amendment was agreed to.
Mr. KELLEY. I move to amend by strik-
ing out, in line forty-six, the word "forty" and
inserting in lieu thereof the worS "fifty." The
clause which I propose to amend provides that
on clothing " manufactured wholly or in part
by the tailor, seamstress, or manufacturer, ex-
cept knit goods," the duty shall be "fifty cents
per pound, and, in addition thereto, forty per
cent, ad valorem." I propose to make theduty
fifty per cent, ad valorem. Upon cloths and
other materials for wearing apparel the duties
are the same as provided in this paragraph.
Therefore, where the article is more manufac-
tured, involving more labor, and that the hand-
labor of men and women, but more largely of
women, this really has the effect of diminish-
ing the duty. On a suit of clothes, the cloth of
which would cost fifty dollars, the whole in-
crease of duty by this is 91/^ cents—not one
dollar. Yet this question involves the employ-
ment of the widows and many of the orphans
of our soldiers. It involves the labor of the
poorest of our people—the needy women of the
country. A large amount of the clothing worn
in the northern States comes to us now from
Canada and the Provinces. It is made of cheap
English cloth; and it really reaches our mar-
kets at a lower rate of duty with this increase
of labor upon it than it does in the condition
of cloth in bulk. I hope the chairman of the
Committee of Ways and Means will consent to
the amendment which I offer; or, at any rate,
I trust it will be adopted^.
Mr. MORRILL. I must oppose the amend-
ment. The gentleman has not read the bill
correctly. By referring to page 0, line twenty-
five,he will find that cloth pays in addition to
the specific an ad valorem duty of only thirty-
five per cent. We do propose that these arti-
cles of ready-made clothing shall have more pro-
tection than the mere cloth; and five per cent,
additional is what the committee have agreed
upon. I trust that it will not be changed.
The amendment was not agreed to.
Mr. RICE, of Massachusetts. In pursuance
of the suggestion of the chairman of the Com-
mittee«of Ways and Means, I move to amend
by inserting at the end of line twenty-six, on
page 6, the words "on endless belts or felts
for paper or printing machines twenty cents
per pound, and thirty-five per cent, ad valo-
rem.'''
The CHAIRMAN. It will require (unani-
mous consent to go back to that paragraph,
which has been passed.
There was no objection, and the amend-
ment was agreed to.
The Clerk read as follows: ,
On Aubusson and Axminster carpets and carpets
woven whole for rooms, fifty per cent, ad valorem;
on Saxony, Wilton, and Tournay velvet carpets,
wrought by the Jacquard machine, seventy cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; on Brussels carpets wrought by the
Jacquard machine, forty-four cents per square yard,
and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad va-
lorem; on patent velvet and tapestry velvet carpets,
printed on the warp or otherwise, forty cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent.red! valorem; on tapestry Brusselscarpotsprinted
on the warp or otherwise, twenty-eight cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, ad valorem; on treble ingrain, three-ply, and
worsted chain Venetian carpets, seventeen cents per
square yard, and, in addition thereto, thirty-five per
cent, aa valorem; on yarn Venetian and two-ply in-
grain carpets, twelve cents per square yard, and, in
addition thereto, thirty-five per cent, ad valorem; on
druggets and bookings, printed, colored, or other-
wise, twenty-five cents per square yard; on hemp or
jute carpeting, eight cents per square yard; on car-
pets and earpetings of wool, flax, or cotton, or parts
of either, or other material not otherwise herein
specified, forty per cent, ad valorem: Provided, That
mats, rugs, screens, covers, hassocks, bedsides, and
other portions of carpets or carpeting shall be sub-
jected to the rate of duty herein imposed on carpets
