1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
1515
defend the emblem of our national freedom
against all enemies from within or from without.
And X will embrace this occasion to say, Mr.
Speaker, that when all citizens shall have an
equal opportunity to become intelligent and
understand the real issues that have drenched
this nation in blood, and labor shall be duly
respected, there will be no more traitors within
the Length and breadth of this then glorious and
happy country.
Ever since the rebellion began no man has
felt more desirous than myself to see every ves-
tige of slavery swept from the land. The war
was the result of injustice to an unfortunate
and downtrodden race. I have believed, and
still believe, that our only safety for the future
is to plant ourselves on the enduring rock of
equal and exact justice—by that 1 mean equal
protection and civil rights—to all citizens, the
high, the low, the rich, and the poor. Every
line of distinction is purely arbitrary and des-
potic in principle and in tendency, and wholly
inconsistent with the fundamental principles of
democratic republican government. To me it
seems that whatever may be denied the States
recently in rebellion, they should not be denied
the means of intelligence. Give them that with
a bounteous hand, and surround them with a
flood of light to light their future pathway to
allegiance and good government.
] now yield the floor to the gentleman from
Iowa, [Mr. Grixxei-l.]
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. The first section
reads as follows :
Si:e. 1. /it't't rjactfd, '(<■., That there be granted to
the several States and Territories, for ttio purposes
hcicinat'ter mentioned, an amount of public lands,
to l>e apportioned as follows: to each State a quan-
tity equal to thirty thousand acres for each Senator
and Representative in Congress to whieii the States
are respectively entitled by apportionment under the
census of lSdO, and to each of the organized Territo-
riosnmety thousand acres, to be selected within their
respective limits: Provide!, That no mineral lands
shail be selected or purchased under the provisions
of this act.
Does the comraiitec want the House to under-
stand that this is an additional grant of thirty
thousand acres foi every Senator and Repre-
sentative?
Mr. BID WELL. No, sir.
Mr. ASHLEY, of Ohio. Unless there is
some proviso such will be the construction.
Mr. TROWBRIDGE. No, sir. _ This bill
simply proposes to amend the original bill in
regard to the length of time (he State may have
to accept its provisions. But, it leaves the
language of the original bill in regard to the
a mount of land donated the same as it was in
the original bill of 18(52.
ilr. GLUXXELL. There seems to be a mis-
apprehension in regard to this bill. 1 wish to
olt'er two or three amendments, with the con-
sent of the chairman of the committee. And
I also wish to make a statement.
This hill owes its existence to the fact that
some of the States have not accepted the pro-
vision of the grant of hinds for agricultural col-
lege-:, and the committee simply wish to pro-
vide that such States as have not done so shall
have an extension of time. A portion of the
committee wished also to extend it to the Ter-
ritories, but I understand this was not the re-
port of the committee. Certainly I. for one,
did not accept of that provision. Wc are all
interested in carrying out the good faith of Con-
gress in regald to these grants of lands. My
own State has entered its portion of lands and
has appropriated 8100,000 for an agricultural
college, one of the most promising institutions
in the country, having the sympathy and sup-
port of the entire agricultural interest of our
State.
Mr. HUBBARI). of Iowa. I desire to ask
whether it is the intention of the committee to
extend these grants to the Territories.
Mr. BIDWELL. It was the intention of the
committee to extend it to the Territories, and
I will state the reason why it was so done.
The original bill reads, "An act donating
public lands to the several States and Terri-
tories which may provide colleges for the ben-
efit of agriculture and the mechanic arts." It
seems to have been the intention of Congress
when the original bill was passed to extend it
to the Territories. But in executing the law
the Land Office, I understand, did not extend
the benefit of that act to the Territories, and
one of the reasons why the committee consid-
ered it proper that the Territories might have
the benefit of the law, was, that many of our
new Territories have but a small amount of
agricultural land, and unless they select early
there will be no lands to select from at all. It
was believed that nothing would be more im-
portant or add more to the prosperity of the
new Territories than to give them lands to
establish agricultural colleges.
Mr. G-RINNISLL. With the permission of
the gentleman from California, [Mr. Bidwell,]
I will say that the Stales have taken great
interest in this matter of agricultural colleges.
The Committee on Agriculture, as 1 under-
stand, intended to extend the provisions of the
act to States that have not accepted them under
the law. And a portion of the committee—
the chairman, at all events—were in favor of
extending them to the Territories. I did not
concur in that. I did not believe it was worth
while to commit to two or three thousand peo-
ple who may be now in the Territories the
care and custody of ninety thousand acres of
land, to be held for all purposes whatsoever,
or to be controlled by them perhaps for twenty
years until the organization of tlio State.
Now, sir, with a view of carrying out the
original law, I propose amendments which
shall limit the extension to those States that
have not availed themselves of the privileges
of the act, and to cut oft' the Territories until
they shall become States of the Union. I
understand that to be the desire of the major-
ity of the committee. I may be mistaken.
But I will state here, if the chairman of the
committee has no objection, that 1 am willing
that this bill, with the consent of the House,
shall be referred to the Committee on Public
Lands, with the privilege of reporting it at any
time. If that meets the approval of the chair-
man, I will make no further remarks. Other-
wise 1 insist on offering my amendments.
Mr. ROSS. I object to allowing the com-
mittee to report at any time. Leave that out.
Mr. MORRILL. Will the gentleman yield
to allow me to offer an amendment?
Mr. GIUXNELL. I have the floor with the
permission of the gentleman from California.
Mr. BIDWELL. 1 will yield to the gentle-
man from Vermont.
Mr. MORRILL. I desire to offer a substi-
tute for the bill which i think will' accomplish
alt the chairman of the committee seeks, and
relieve it from any objection.
The SPEAKER. This will come in as an
amendment to the pending substitute.
I\lr. MORRILL. I will slate that the sub-
stitute limits the giants to those States which
have come into the Union since the passage of
the previous act, and extends the time for ac-
ceptance by the several Legislatures for the
term of three years. 1 think that that is all
the legislation that we now require, and that
any other legislation as to the Territories or the
disloyal States is premature.
The Clerk read the amendment, as follows:
That an act entitled "An aet donating public lands
to the several States and Territories which may pio-
vide eollescs for the benefit ot agriculture and the
mechanic arts," approved Julv2,1KG2. be so amended
as to allow States which have been admitted into the
Union since the date ot said act the amount of pub-
lic land3 to which thev would have been entitled in
aeeoidance with the provisions of said aet applica-
ble to other loyal States: and that the time for the
acceptance of the benefits of said acts by the Legis-
latures of the several States shall be extended for the
term of three years from the passage of this act, and
tho time for providing at least one college shall be
extended for the additional term of five yeais.
Mr. BIDWELL. I will state that we only
extend the time of acceptance.
Mr. HALE. I think the proposition of the
gentleman from Vermont does extend the time.
The original bill provides that any State which
may claim the benefits of the provisions of this
act shall provide within five years, at least,
one college.
Mr. DELANO. I think tliat is an extension
of the grant.
Mr. HALE. It is an extension of three
years for acceptance.
Mr. DELANO. Does it only apply to the
acceptance of the grant?
Mr. KASSON. Will the gentleman from
California allow me to ask a little information
in respect to the disposition to be made of the
lands thus appropriated? Let me say, in con-
nection with this, that the great curse and
cause of ruin, I might almost say, to some of
the western Slates is the enormous appropria-
tion of public lands for certain purposes with-
out any condition to put those lands on public
sale so that settlers may use them for the pur-
poses which God Almighty intended them for,
namely, the creation of food for man.
Now, in respect to railroad grants and lands
reserved for agricultural purposes, I have in-
tended to insist upon every bill that there shall
be some provision for exposing them to sale
just as fast as settlers may require them.
Many of the counties in my State are half
depopulated because Congress has lied up the
lands by grants to railroads and other corpo-
rations who refuse to sell them and intend to
hold them indefinitely for the future. I am
glad to see the chairman of the Committee on
Public Lands giving his attention to this point.
Now, I ask the chairman of the Committee
on Agriculture to say whether, in the third
section of this bill, which allows seven years
for the acceptancc by the States and Territories
of the benefit of this act, there is anything to
prevent the United State s, in the mean time,
from exposing these lands, for settlement under
the homestead system, or to purchase by actual
settlers.
Mr. BIDWELL. None whatever.
Mr. KASSON. Is there anything in the
bill that will tie np these lands and withhold
them, from sale?
Air. BIDWELL. I believe tho lands have
been selected and located. It, is evident that
tho objection to manv parts of this bill and to
the substitute offered bv tho gentleman from
Vermont docs not cover tho ground at all, as
it onlv applies to States that have been ad-
mitted into the Union since the passage of tho
original act. It docs not provide an extension
of time for those States which have but recently
accepted the donation, and consequently have
had no time whatever in which to provide these
colleges. I think, therefore, that under the cir-
cumstances 1 had better move to recommit the
bill to the Committee on Agriculture.
Mr. JULIAN. I submit to my friend from
California, [Mr. Bidwell,] and to the House,
the propriety of referring the bill nnd amend-
ments to the Committee on Public Lands,
whoso duty it is carefully to scrutinize the
provisions of measures before them in every
respect. That eomnmlec will deal fairly with
the bill, and endeavor to report upon it at an
early day.
Mr. BIDWELL. T have no doubt in the
world that the Committee on Public Lands will
deal fairly and act promptly upon this matter.
But inasmuch as this bill was referred to the
Committee on Agriculture, I do not like to
give up the job alter it has been completed to
some extent. I desire to see if we cannot
clear away the objections which have been
presented to this bill, and bring it in in an
acceptable form. My only desire is to have
a proper and efficient bill to carry out the ob-
ject Congress had in view when it passed the
original law.
Mr. HUBBARD, of Iowa. If this bill is to
be recommitted, I wish to accompany the re-
commitment with certain instructions to^ cor-
rect some defects which I apprehend exist in
the bill. One of the objections 1 have to the
bill has already been mentioned by my col-
league. [Mr. Kassojt;] that is the tying up of
these lauds and precluding them from settle-
ment and improvement. I live in a congres-
sional district where we have nearly four million
acres of land tied up by railroad grants, by
agricultural college grants, and by swamp land
