1866.
THE CONGRESSIONAL GLOBE.
2535
duty of the Government generally and of Con-
gress in particular; for these things have passed
into history, and are not influenced by the opin-
ions or prejudices of the present day; audit
receives great force from the fact that both the
justice and propriety have been approved by
the American people for three quarters of a
century. Placing ourselves upon these prece-
dents, and relying upon the justice and wisdom
of the past, we are not endangered by unex-
plored paths or the experiments of new advent-
ures. Guarded by the wisdom and example
of many Administrations, we but mete out to
those of the present day the well-established
law that in former times was administered to
others for similar offenses, but of lesser mag-
nitude.
How to secure the fruits of that victory and
obtain a permanent peace is the question for
solution. To admit such members of Con-
gress as they would elect from the States lately
in rebellion would secure neither, but lose us
both, and we should permit them to gain every-
thing, through congressional action, that they
sought to accomplish by arms.
It is claimed that wo have no right to ex-
clude their Representatives. I think we have.
We do not want another war, and we would
bo faithless if we did not secure such guaran-
tees as would last through all time. If they
have given up the idea of rebellion, they can
assure us such guarantees as will secure them
in their right of representation and the coun-
try in harmony forever. We should exact
nothing of them unjust or inconsistent with
reason* but we should insist upon that well-
recognized principle that maintains in every
civilized country, that the highwayman, bur-
glar, and pirate are not fit to sit as adminis-
trators of the law.
Those who engaged in the rebellion and strove
to overthrow the Government, of their own
volition withdrew their allegiance, are not fit,
without bringing fruits meet for repentance,
to administer its affairs. The foreigner who
comes to our shores because he loves our in-
stitutions and admires our form of Govern-
ment, who never, by word or act, cvinced hos-
tility to it, is put upon five years' probation
before we admit him to citizenship. The rea-
sons that exclude him from citizenship are
strengthened in excluding open and avowed
traitors. Decency would demand from them
at least modesty. They have committed a
crime that in any other country they could
expiate only with their lives ; they ought now
to rejoice that by five years of fasting and
prayer they could regain the rights of citizen-
ship. From the instances I have given no one
who had done an act hostile to the Govern-
ment ever after participated in its affairs, and
no one who was suspected was permitted to
hold any position under it until they had cleared
themselves of all imputations, and proved their
allegiance by a renewal of the covenant of
their faith. Even Burr, one of the most am-
bitious of his day, lived and died in obscurity,
declining all marks of distinction, and avoid-
ing all political notoriety. And the instiga-
tor of the whisky insurrection chose to be an
exile in theland of strangers, and never sought
position under a Government against which
he had made war. But that kind of delicacy
is not a characteristic of the rebels of this day.
Their acts of treason, of cruelty, and barbarity
arc urged as qualifications for political posi-
tions. Already the most prominent places in
the rebel States are filled with the most viru-
lent traitors. And scarcely had the smoke of
battle cleared away, and the shout of victory
died out on the air, before the vice president
of the confederacy is demanding a seat in the
United States Senate. Such impudence is
without- a parallel among men, and can only
find a precedent in the temptations of the devil
to the Son,of Man.
That the rebels are conquered, is an admit-
ted fact. That they have any loyalty, any love,
for the peace of the country and permanency
of the Government, is not manifested by any-
thing they have done. It is true they say they
accepted the situation, so does. the culprit.
They say they laid down their arms. But their
arms were forced from them. They say they
disbanded their armies, but their armies were
captured or scattered by the Union forces.
Then what have they done to prove their sub-
mission to the law? They have neglected to
pay their portion of taxes; they have expelled
loyal citizens from the South; they have treated
with brutality the freedmen, and enacted laws
disgraceful to a Christian age or a Christian
people. Those who engaged in the rebellion
are as disloyal to-day as they were at any time
during the war. Will any one pretend that
they have changed? Will anyone with truth-
fulness assert that they have any love for the
Government of the United States, and would
they not at any time rebel if there was a pros-
pect of success?
In my judgment throe things are necessary
to be done before we can with safety restore
them to their former relations with the Gov-
ernment :
1. Equal and just representation.
2. Security of life, liberty, and property to
all the citizens of all the States.
To reject all debts or obligations incurred
in aid of the rebellion.
The ratification of the constitutional amend-
ment changed the condition of representation
and rendered an amendment to the Constitu-
tion necessary in order to equalize the just
basis of representation. Under the Constitution
as it now stands they would count the entire
population in the southern States. Befoie the
Constitution was amended, they counted the
entire free population and three fifths of the
slaves; but there being now no slaves they
would count all. In none of those States do
they confer the right of .suffrage on the colored
population. This presents the anomaly of al-
lowing five million white rebels to represent
four million loyal blacks, and makes two white
persons—rebels at that-—in South Carolina
equal to five white loyalists in Ohio, Pennsyl-
vania, or New York. To this unjust demand
I cannot and will not yield. If all other objec-
tions were removed, that one would be ajus-
tification for rejecting their Representatives.
I could not return to my own gallant State
and say to her loyal people and to the three
hundred thousand gallant sons she sent to the
field that by my vote I had reduced their polit-
ical power until it required five of these scarred
veterans to equal two of the rebels against
whom they fought.
If South Carolina persists in withholding the
ballot from the colored man, then let her take
the alternative we offer, of confining her to the
white basis of representation, and instead of
the seven hundred thousand, her entire popu-
lation, lether accept the two hundred and ninety
thousand white population as the basis of her
representation. For mypurpose this sufficiently
illustrates the operation of the rule, and the
only practicable remedy is in an amendment to
the Constitution changing the basis to the vot-
ing population, and making that a condition-
precedent to the admission of Representatives
from the insurgent States. But it is said wo
should admittheir Representatives, and if they
are not loyal, turn them out. I hope we shall
not be deceived by such a trick as that. Some
of us have had experience in expelling a mem-
ber. If Georgia was to send her Toombs hero
as a Representative, or Kentucky her Breck-
inridge, both gory with the blood of our mur-
dered soldiers, both ardent supporters of the
rebellion in every stage, supporting in every
way, and when conquered, and its failure no
longer a question, they would not risk then-
safety in this country, but sought refuge in
Europe, not one vote on the other side could
be had for their expulsion.
But how are members admitted here? By
producing a certificate of election to the Clerk,
who makes up the roll, calls it himself, and
prepares them for qualifying. Much, then,
depends upon the Clerk in the organization of
the House. He could exclude them if he
desired so to do. The experience of Congress
has taught us to beware of dangers from Clerks
of their own selection. I heard of a Clerk once
who decided that a certificate, setting forth that
a person was duly elected a Representative, did
not prove that he was elected according to law.
As an apology for his fine-spun theory it was
said he had partially lost his reason; bat I
think he had suffered, if possible, a worse ca-
lamity than that. He had united his fortunes
with the disunionists, enough certainly to drive
any mar. mad. When the Clerk makes up his
roll, calls the members, they take the oath,
how are you to get them out of their seats but
by expulsion, which requires a two-thirds vote.
Let us look at tiiis matter in its practical
operation. Suppose we admit the Represent-
atives from the rebel States, and the bloody-
General Forrest should be returned a member,
who produced his certificate of election, was
placed on the. roll, answered to the call, and took
the oath; could you expel him on account of
his treason? Certainly not; unless you could
expel all the rest from the insurgent States, and
that you could not do. And it would be the
merest folly to attempt it. It would then become
a political question. The Democratic party
would then all be here—the open rebels of the
South, the three hundred thousand Knights of
the Golden Circle, the sympathizers of the
North; the prisons would be emptied, the gal-
lows cheated, the Canadian refugees would be
called home, and if that was not enough, they
would resurrect the conspirators and call from
the tomb of infamy the murderers of the Ander-
sonville prisoners. Then they would have a,
Democratic party strong enough in this Hall to
prevent the expulsion of one of their number.
As to the provision disfranchising those who
have participated in the rebellion, it is objected
to, first, for want of power, and second, on the
ground of expediency. Neither, in my judg-
ment. are sound. As to the first, I have no
doubt of the power under the Constitution as
it is. Such is and has been its interpretation
from the foundation of the Government. Un-
der a congressional act persons convicted of
a crime against the laws of the United States,
the penalty for which is imprisonment in the
penitentiary, are now and always have been
disfranchised, and a pardon did not restore
them unless the warrant of pardon so provided.
The second is equally unsound. It was for-
merly doubted whether it was expedient to
restore the elective franchise to those who had
been convicted of a crime. The objection rests
upon the ground that the number to be dis-
franchised are so numerous. This is greatly
exaggerated if we take as true what is said
by southern men, for it is seldom you can find
one who has not been opposed to secession and
in favor of the Union all the time. Whether
this be true or not it should he no argument
against it. The reason for it proceeded ujion
the ground of self-preservation, by protecting
the elective franchise and keeping it pure.
Others may desire to make up a party, or_ to
strengthen one already made, by incorporating
in it the worst kind of criminals; but it will
destroy the object and purpose of the princi-
ple referred to. I have no desire, and should
take no pride in any such political association.
And the country certainly derives no security
from such political organizations. But suppose
the mass of the people of a State are pirates,
counterfeiters, or other criminals, would gen-
tlemen be willing to repeal the laws now in
force in order to give them an opportunity to
land their piratical crafts and come on shore
to assist in the election of a President or mem-
bers of Congress because they are numerous?
And let it be borne in mind that these latter
offenses are only crimes committed against
property; that of treason is against the nation,
against the whole people—the highest known
to the law.
The only objection I have to the proposition
is that it docs not go far enough. 1 would dis-
franchise them forever. They have no right,
founded in justice, to participate in the admin-
istration of the Government or exercise polit-
ical power. If they receive protection in their
